<doc id="9696268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696268" title="Tom Wrigglesworth">
Tom Wrigglesworth

Tom Wrigglesworth is an English stand-up comedian He was born and raised in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. In 2009 he was nominated for the main Edinburgh Comedy Award (formerly the Perrier awards) at the Edinburgh festival.
Personal life.
Wrigglesworth was born in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, the fourth of five siblings and was educated at King Ecgbert School. He went on to study Electrical Engineering then Acoustics at Salford University.
After graduating he worked in the telecommunications and satellite industry before caving in to friends' repeated requests to perform stand up comedy.
Wrigglesworth lives with his wife, a psychotherapist, in East London.
Career.
Stand-up comedy.
Wrigglesworth began performing stand up comedy in 2003 when he won the So You Think You're Funny award. In 2006 he quit his day job and became a full-time comedian on the UK comedy circuit.
His debut Edinburgh show in 2008 was titled ‘I’m Struggling to see how thats helping’ but it was his second hour long show, ‘An Open Return letter to Richard Branson’ in 2009 that bought him critical acclaim. The show was based on a true story, beginning with Wrigglesworth narrating a letter to Sir Richard Branson. It goes on to describe a hung over Wrigglesworth boarding a Virgin train at Manchester, and witnessing a ticket inspector forcing an OAP called Lena Ainscow to purchase a new full price train ticket. Wrigglesworth then conducted a whip round to help Lena, much to the annoyance of the ticket inspector, who arranged for the Police to meet the train at Euston, after stating Wrigglesworth would be charged with begging. Thanks to several other passengers becoming embroiled in the story, a furore ensued and he and Lena were released from Police questioning. The show ends with the conclusion of the letter to Richard Branson, the point of which was to ask Branson for help in making train fares fairer.
After the Edinburgh run, the show toured around the UK, New Zealand and the Montreal Comedy Festival before a half-hour version was aired on BBC Radio 4 in 2010.
His third Edinburgh show in 2010 called Tom Wrigglesworth’s Nightmare Dream Wedding then toured the UK, before Wrigglesworth took a two year hiatus from performing at the festival. In 2013 he returned with a new show called Utterly at Odds with the Universe which is expected to tour the UK and further afield in 2014. This show tracks the relationship he had with his Grandfather, centring around audio cassette interviews made in the mid 80’s, when Wrigglesworth was a small child.
Radio.
Wrigglesworth regularly appears as a panellist on shows such as 'The Unbelievable Truth', ‘It’s Not What You Know’ and ‘It’s Your Round’, as well as providing the continuity links for one week every month on 'The Comedy Club' on BBC Radio 4 Extra.
In early 2011 he recorded a series of four live performances called ‘Tom Wrigglesworth's Open Letters' for BBC Radio 4. Each episode was based on different examples of maddening corporate policies in areas such as utility companies and wheel clampers. Each episode highlighted the sometimes infuriating rationales behind huge organisations, and featured a letter from his Grandmother to try and get to the bottom of the comedic issues raised in the programme. A second series of the same format was then aired in May 2012.
In 2013 he recorded his latest series for Radio 4, called 'Tom Wrigglesworth's Hang Ups'. The series is based on telephone calls he makes back to his family in Sheffield, interspersed with sections of stand up as the stories unfold. The series was written by Wrigglesworth and James Kettle with additional material from Miles Jupp. It was recorded live at the BBC Radio Theatre with Judy Parfitt, Kate Anthony and Paul Copley playing the parts of his Granny, Mum and Dad respectively.
He also appears regularly alongside Rhod Gilbert on the Rhod Gilbert Radio show, Saturday mornings on BBC Radio Wales.
Television.
Wrigglesworth has twice appeared on Live at the Comedy Store for the Paramount Comedy Channel, as well as Edinburgh Comedy Live.
In 2009 he starred in three part BBC 2 TV series ‘Electric Dreams’, which took an ‘average’ British family back to the 1970s, 80’s then 90’s and charted their experience and reactions to gadgets that were available at the time.
In 2012 he co-hosted another three part series for BBC 2, ‘Engineering Giants’ which oversaw the dismantling and maintenance of massive machines, namely an oil platform, a passenger ferry and a Boing 747 Jumbo Jet.
He has also been a contributor for the programme ‘You Have Been Warned’ and ‘Dead or Alive’ for Discovery TV channel.
He was recently voted 1098th best stand up 2013 on Digital Eye Forum from a 1100 strong line up and advised to become a Frank Zappa tribute act instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9696276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696276" title="A Song of Summer">
A Song of Summer

A Song of Summer is a tone poem for orchestra by Frederick Delius, completed in 1931. 
"A Song of Summer" derived from an unpublished 1918 symphonic work, originally called "Poem of Life and Love". In 1921, Delius told Peter Warlock that he had misplaced most of that score. Delius resumed work on this composition after becoming blind, dictating the notes to his amanuensis, Eric Fenby, to whom the score was dedicated. 
Sir Henry J. Wood conducted the premiere in London on 17 September 1931. Fenby himself also recorded the score, with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in a recording released in 1981
Delius explained the context of the tone poem to Fenby by saying:
"I want you to imagine we are sitting on the cliffs of heather and looking out over the sea. The sustained chords in the high strings suggest the clear sky and stillness and calm of the scene...You must remember that figure that comes in the violins when the music becomes more animated. I'm introducing it there to suggest the gentle rise and fall of the waves. The flutes suggest a seagull gliding by."
The tone poem lent its title to the 1968 Ken Russell film "Song of Summer", which depicted Eric Fenby's life as Delius's amanuensis. The music appears in the film, along with other Delius works.

</doc>
<doc id="9696282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696282" title="Angels &amp; Electricity">
Angels &amp; Electricity

Angels & Electricity is the fourth studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 11 May 1998.
The album has provided Reader with some of her most popular songs including "Kiteflyer's Hill", "Bell, Book and Candle" and "Please Don’t Ask Me to Dance".
As usual, Reader draws on a number of songwriters including "On a Whim", written for her by Ron Sexsmith, "Kiteflyer's Hill" by ex-Fairground Attraction band member Mark Nevin and long-time musical partner Boo Hewerdine.
The album was to be her last for a major record label, Blanco y Negro (Warners) and Reader would later agree a deal with UK independent label Rough Trade.

</doc>
<doc id="9696298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696298" title="Some Kind of Heroin">
Some Kind of Heroin

Some Kind of Heroin is the first remix album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis.
The album is a collection of remixes of songs taken from Mortiis' previous album "The Grudge".
In a press release Mortiis has said:
I'm really stoked we finally got to do a remix album and since it's been in process for quite some time now I'm happy to be able to finally release it. I've always been fascinated with taking songs and twisting them into something different, the ability to grab the elements you like and put them into a totally different environment. The flexibility of that really appeals to me.
I think the mixes all those guys did came out really cool, many of them vastly different from what would have come out of the studio if I had done them. It's cool to see what happens when you let other people inside your head, so to speak. I think the variety of mixers and sonic realms created here will appeal to a large variety of people.

</doc>
<doc id="9696307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696307" title="Salt Peanuts">
Salt Peanuts

"Salt Peanuts" is a bebop tune reportedly composed by Dizzy Gillespie in 1943, credited "with the collaboration of" bebop drummer Kenny Clarke. It is also cited as Charlie Parker's. The lyrics have no apparent meaning.
In fact, while the verbal exhortation "Salt Peanuts, Salt Peanuts!" is closely identified with Dizzy Gillespie, the musical motif upon which it is based actually predates Gillespie/Clarke by at least several months, as it appears as a repeated six-note instrumental phrase played on piano by Count Basie on his July 2, 1941 recording of "Basie Boogie" for the Columbia/OKeh label. Basie also played it in a recorded live performance at Cafe Society later that year.
"Salt Peanuts" was most famously recorded by Dizzy Gillespie and His All-Stars on May 11, 1945 in New York City for Guild Records. The lineup was Dizzy Gillespie (trumpet), Charlie Parker (alto sax), Al Haig (piano), Curley Russell (bass), and Sid Catlett (drums).
A few notes of the song are used in "Tiger in a Spotlight" by Emerson, Lake & Palmer. The trumpet playing on the Red Hot Chili Peppers song "Hump de Bump" quotes the song.
Covers.
Liquid Soul on Make Some Noise (Liquid Soul album) (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="9696309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696309" title="William Weston Young">
William Weston Young

William Weston Young (1776–1847) Quaker Entrepreneur of Bristol and Glamorganshire; artist, botanist, wreck-raiser, surveyor, potter, and inventor of the firebrick.
Biography.
William Weston Young, born 20 April 1776, Lewin's Mead, Bristol, England, into a devout Quaker family, the third son of Edward Young, a Bristolian merchant and Sarah (Sally) Young (née Weston). He was educated at Gildersome Quaker boarding school in Yorkshire, which among other things gave him a rudimentary knowledge of science which he was to apply in his invention of the silica firebrick.
After a flustered attempt to emigrate to America in 1794, involving his ship being captured by a fleet of French men-of-war, his ultimate escape from captivity and arduous journey home, Young settled back in Bristol, found employment and married fellow Quaker, Elizabeth Davis, in April 1795. In 1798, Young had acquired the financial backing (with notable help from his uncle Thomas Young, father of the physicist, physician and egyptologist Dr Thomas Young (scientist)) to lease a farm and water mill from John Llewellyn of Ynysygerwn, at Aberdulais, in the Neath Valley, Glamorganshire. After a lucrative start to his new venture as a miller, corn-factor and farmer, a large purchase of corn, beans and grist coinciding with the Treaty of Amiens, which crashed the value of his goods, as well as some unfortunate dealings with men of false credit brought Young into trouble with his own creditors, and was made bankrupt in May 1802.
The Cambrian Pottery & Friendship with Lewis Weston Dillwyn.
Young's early bankruptcy had lasting impact upon his career, no longer independent - he sought employment and so put his artistic skills to use. On 23 January 1803, Young and his wife moved to new lodgings in Swansea, Glamorganshire, where he had gained employment under fellow Quaker, Lewis Weston Dillwyn, as a "draftsman" at Dillwyn's Cambrian Pottery, where he remained until August 1806. Dillwyn and Young, both in their mid twenties, struck up a close friendship due to their common interest in natural history. Many of Young's painted wares feature accurately depicted flora and fauna as well as the taxonomic names of the illustrated species. Collections of this pottery can be seen at the V&A Museum, South Kensington, The National Museum of Wales, Cardiff and at the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery, Swansea.
During this period, Young shared his time between decorating the Cambrian Pottery's best porcelain and assisting with Dillwyn's botanical field work. Between 1802-1814, Dillwyn worked on a groundbreaking study of British algae species, "The British Confervae", Young's illustrative plates are to be found from Part III onwards in Dillwyn's publications. In Part IV, Dillwyn credits Young with the discovery of:-
Young's discoveries and collaboration on the work with Dillwyn earned him Associate Membership of the Linnaean Society.
Wreck-Raising, Surveying & Thomas Mansel Talbot's Tomb.
In 1806 Young conceived of an improved "grab" or "forceps" mechanism to be used in wreck-raising and set about a wreck-raising business, retrieving sunken vessels in the Bristol Channel. His first commission to raise the freight ship "Anne and Teresa", salvaged a cargo of copper, making him enough money to establish himself comfortably in the village of Newton Nottage, Glamorganshire as a wreck-raiser, merchant and farmer. In 1811, the death of established local surveyor John Williams of Newland, near Margam, Glamorgan, enabled Young to add surveyor to his list of occupations, filling the niche that Newland left in the region for the next decade.
It was during his work as a surveyor, that Young, an amateur geologist too, discovered the potential of a limestone found at Mumbles, Swansea, Glamorganshire being fashioned as marble. In 1814, Thomas Mansel Talbot (1747–1814) (father of Christopher Rice Mansel Talbot (1803–1890)) died at Penrice, Gower, Glamorganshire and Young was commissioned to design Talbot's tomb using locally-sourced minerals. The tomb is a large and elaborate edifice, deploying Penrice alabaster and Mumbles marble, and took a whole six years of design and modelling before its completion in February 1820 in the nave of Margam Abbey Church, Margam, Glamorganshire.
The Nantgarw Pottery.
In early 1814, Young became the major investor in William Billingsley and Samuel Walker's venture; the Nantgarw Pottery, Nantgarw, Glamorganshire. Billingsley and Walker, through their prior ties with "Flight, Barr & Barr" at Royal Worcester had signed an agreement not to disclose their new porcelain recipe to a third party, but there was no clause preventing them from using that recipe themselves. The pottery was set up, but something of Billingsley & Walker's understanding of the recipe or manufacturing process was amiss, as 90% of the porcelain was ruined in the firing. The resources of the three associates soon ran out, and the group approached the British Government's "Committee of Trade and Plantations" asking for a grant of £500, referring to the subsidy the French Government had given the famous Sèvres Porcelain Factory. They were not successful, but one member of the committee, a porcelain enthusiast; Sir Joseph Banks, suggested to his friend and ceramicist Lewis Weston Dillwyn of the Cambrian Pottery of Swansea, Glamorganshire, should make an inspection and report on the matter.
Dillwyn made the inspection, and saw the extent of the firm's losses, but was so impressed with the quality of the surviving pieces that he offered Billingsley and Walker use of the Cambrian Pottery to improve their recipe and process. An annexe was built for porcelain production at the Cambrian Pottery, where Walker and Billingsley were based from late 1814. During this time, Young was preoccupied with the construction of the Tomb of Thomas Mansel Talbot, at Margam Abbey. Billingsley's porcelain recipe was modified and improved, but was still wasteful enough for Dillwyn to abandon the project in Swansea and in 1817, the pair returned to Nantgarw. Young reinvested in the pottery at Nantgarw, additionally becoming an art teacher at Cowbridge Free School to help raise the funds. Billingsley and Walker continued to fire their porcelain at a loss however until one day in April 1820, while Young was away in Bristol, the pair absconded to Coalport leaving behind them the lease to the pottery and several thousand pieces of undecorated porcelain in various stages of production.
Young put the Nantgarw Pottery and its contents up for sale via public auction in October 1820, enabling himself to buy-out his minor partners and become sole proprietor. He invited his friend and former co-working artist from the Cambrian Pottery, Thomas Pardoe, to aid him with the completion and decoration of the salvaged porcelain. Young and Pardoe experimented to perfect a glaze for the biscuit ware, but were unable to ever add to Billingsley's stockpile of porcelain, having no access to his recipe. The final sales of the finished porcelain (sold between 1821 and 1822), paid Pardoe and his staff's salaries in arrears, but failed to recoup Young's total losses, leaving Young narrowly avoiding a further bankruptcy.
The rare surviving pieces of Nantgarw porcelain are considered today to be among the most valuable artefacts ever produced in Wales. Collections of this pottery can be seen at The V&A Museum, South Kensington, London and The National Museum of Wales, Cardiff.
In 1833 the Nantgarw estate was sold to William Henry Pardoe, son of Thomas Pardoe.
The Dinas Firebrick.
Young's experience of firing ceramics, together with his familiarity with the region as a local surveyor and his amateur interests in geology enabled him to conceive of a heat-proof, blast-furnace brick, using silica found in large deposits at the head of the Neath Valley. The process of "vitrifying" the walls of a ceramic brick-built furnace had been patented by William Harry, of the Swansea Valley in 1817, but Young's solution was to build the whole furnace from a "silica firebrick," made with a 1% addition of lime, to bind the blue-grey "clay" of the Dinas rock. The idea being that the interior of the blast furnace would vitrify and be vastly more durable and ultimately economical, than a mere veneer of silica within a comparatively fragile ceramic shell. Young made early experiments with the recipe and fired his trial bricks at the Nantgarw Pottery kilns, while he and Pardoe finished the Billingsley porcelain for sale between 1820 and 1821 when he finalised his recipe.
In 1822, Young applied to the Marquis of Bute to lease the lands near Craig-y-Dinas, Pontneddfechan, in the upper Neath Valley for a period of twenty-one years. Young had the lease, and the patent (No. 5047) but had no funds left to set up the required brickworks. He sought financial backing from a number of sources, including his extended family once more and on 19 October 1822, the "Dinas Fire Brick Co." was established in a partnership involving David Morgan, a Neath Ironmonger, John Player and Joseph Young (William Weston Young's older brother). (W.W. Young was a party but could not be a partner in the final enterprise, owing to his previous bankruptcy in 1802 at Aberdulais watermill.) A brickworks was built at Pontwalby, about a mile down river from Craig-y-Dinas.
The lucrative company, which sold bricks to industry across the world, transferred through many hands, but the Young family, held their shares throughout, finally passing via Joseph Young to his son William Weston Young Junior (1798–1866). (William Weston Young had no children). From ""The Dinas Firebrick Co."" to ""John Player & Co."" in 1825, to ""Riddles, Young & Co."" in 1829 and finally, becoming world famous as ""Young & Allen"" in 1852, the company brochure later mentions that it had supplied firebricks to Swansea's White Rock Copper Works for forty years.
The Final Years.
The "Dinas Firebrick Works" experienced some financial and technical troubles during 1829, and Young laid out further monies to support his nephew William Weston Young Jr.'s stake in the company, but the company traded at limited profits for some time, requiring Young to start painting commercially yet again, this time in watercolours of the Neath Valley, where he'd moved once more, to Fairyland House, near the Ivy Tower on the Mackworth Estate, Tonna, Neath, Glamorganshire.
In 1835, Young published an eighty-five page, illustrated book "Guide to the Scenery and Beauties of Glyn Neath", published by John Wright & Co. Bristol and sold by Longman, Rees, Orme, Browne & Co. London MDCCCXXXV. The naive but charming book comprises a prose guide to the Neath Valley and is illustrated with landscapes, scenery and decorative topographical and geological maps.
Young's wife; Elizabeth died following an awkward fall in March 1842, prompting Young to publish in 1843; "The Christian Experience of Elizabeth Young", as a tribute to her, again published by Young's friend John Wright & Co. Bristol.
William Weston Young's profit share from the "Dinas Firebrick Works" was ultimately a very modest pension, and he died in relative poverty in Lower Mitton, Kidderminster on 5 March 1847.
Secondary Resources.
Bibliography:-
Jenkins, Elis. "William Weston Young." "The Glamorgan Historian, Volume 5." Stewart Williams Publishers; ISBN 0-900807-43-1 p. 61-101
Jenkins, Rhys. "The Silica Brick and its Inventor, William Weston Young." "Transactions of the Newcomen Society." 1942.
Jones, Penelope. "Quaker entrepreneur: William Weston Young and the Welsh porcelain from Swansea and Nantgarw." Antique Collector 62/7 1991. p. 78-81
Morton-Nance, E. "The Pottery and Porcelain of Swansea and Nantgarw." London: Batsford. 1943
Yerburgh, David S. "An attempt to depict the Vale of Neath in South Wales: a pictorial journey around the Vale of Neath as undertaken by William Weston Young in 1835." Salisbury: D Yersburgh, 2001. p. 100
Young, William Weston. "Guide to the Scenery and Beauties of Glyn Neath" Bristol: John Wright & Co. (sold by Longman, Rees, Orme, Browne & Co. London) 1835.
Young, Elizabeth "The Christian Experience of Elizabeth Young," Bristol: John Wright & Co. 1843.
Primary Resources.
Resources at West Glamorgan Archives Swansea:-
Sally Young (1740–1811) of Bristol: Journals 1798-1811 (D/D Z 24)
William Weston Young (1776–1847) of Bristol, Aberdulais and Neath: Journals, 1801-1843 (D/D Xch);
Fact Books & Plans, 1787–1840; Fact Book, 1807 (D/D Xls)
Resources at the Library of the Society of Friends, Friends House, London:-
Quaker Digest Registers, Births, Marriages and Deaths by regional microfiche.

</doc>
<doc id="9696311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696311" title="Finnish Figure Skating Championships">
Finnish Figure Skating Championships

The Finnish Figure Skating Championships are a figure skating national championship held annually by the Finnish Figure Skating Association to determine the national champions of Finland. Medals may be awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Not all disciplines have been held in every year due to a lack of participants.

</doc>
<doc id="9696323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696323" title="ISSI">
ISSI

ISSI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9696330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696330" title="Silver Springs (attraction)">
Silver Springs (attraction)

Silver Springs is a group of artesian springs that feed into the Silver River in Marion County, Florida. It is the largest artesian spring in the world and Florida's oldest tourist attraction. In 1971 it was designated as a National Natural Landmark. Related amenities developed include glass-bottom boat tours on the river and an amusement park. Long privately owned and operated, the springs area and all associated elements were taken over by the state and made part of Silver Springs State Park effective October 2013.
Developed in the late 19th century, the park became a tourist destination for Northerners following the Civil War. Over the years, it changed hands and various operators introduced boat rides and built related attractions, of varying scientific and entertainment quality. It was first used as a location for a Hollywood film in 1916, but became popular with the series of "Tarzan" films in the 1930s and into the 1950s. The first thorough scientific studies of the Springs were conducted beginning in 1993, and wildlife rehabilitation was started. That year the state bought the underlying land, but private operators continued to conduct the concessions. 
Environmental issues such as nitrate runoff, related to development in the region, have affected the health of the park and tourist revenues were declining. On January 23, 2013 the Florida Cabinet announced that the state would take over the facility after the end of the 2013 summer season; the park operators would pay a $4 million buyout of their lease. The state plans to clean up the area and make it part of the adjacent Silver River State Park.
History.
1800s.
The springs were the first tourist attraction in Florida. In the 1860s, Samuel O. Howse bought the 242 acres surrounding the headwaters of the Silver River. Several years after the American Civil War, the springs began to attract tourists from the North. In the late 1870s, Hullam Jones and Phillip Morell developed the general Glass-bottom boat and the glass bottom rowboat, respectively; these were used to take visitors on the river to give them a spectacular and unique view of the springs. Silver Springs gained national attention through journals and guidebooks, and became a mandatory stop on the "grand tour" of Florida. In 1880 former president Ulysses S. Grant visited the area. In the 1890s commercial-sized glass-bottom boats were developed. H.L. Anderson purchased Silver Springs and the surrounding area from Howse in 1898.
1900-1920.
C. Carmichael bought 80 acres of land from Anderson in 1909 for less than $3,000. He soon refitted the tour boats with cushioned seats and canopies to enhance their comfort. "The Seven Swans" was filmed on location at Silver Springs in 1916; it was the first known use of the Springs as a setting for cinematography. President Calvin Coolidge visited the Springs in the 1920s.
1920s-1962.
Ocalans W. Carl Ray and W. M. "Shorty" Davidson became partners and bought the land around the Springs in 1924. They incorporated improvements for the tour boats, adding gasoline engines in 1925. Ross Allen, a noted herpetologist, opened the "Ross Allen Reptile Institute" on the some of the land near the head of the Springs. It attracted thousands of tourists to the site for many decades. 
In the 1930s Colonel Tooey, a concessionaire who operated the "Jungle Cruise" boat ride, established the first troop of wild rhesus monkeys on an island in the Silver River. He planned to use the attraction of the colony as one of the sights on his Jungle Cruise, but did not know that the rhesus monkeys were excellent swimmers. They quickly escaped the island, forming their own feral troops along the river. Rhesus monkeys are still seen along the river. In 1932 the glass-bottom boats were equipped with electric motors.
"The Seven Swans" was filmed at Silver Springs in 1916, but it was not until 1932 that the location become popular as a filming hot-spot. It was the location for filming of "Tarzan the Ape Man", featuring Johnny Weissmuller. During the 1930s and early 1940s, five more of these original Tarzan movies were filmed at Silver Springs. In 1954 "Creature from the Black Lagoon" was filmed there. 
By 1950 the number of guests annually at Silver Springs was more than 800,000 people. On June 17, 1955, a fire destroyed many buildings by the entrance of Silver Springs, including ticket offices, the gift shop, the cafe, and a storage building. The buildings were rebuilt, and a new building was added across from the dock, with space for retail stores and restaurants. It survives today. In 1958, episodes of the television series "Sea Hunt" were filmed at Silver Springs, continuing to the end of the series in 1961.
1962-1983.
On May 1, 1962, the local newspaper reported that Ray and Davidson were talking to the American Broadcasting Company about selling Silver Springs for $7.5 million, but Ray's son W. C. (Buck) Ray Jr., general manager of the park, denied it. On May 29, representatives announced that Silver Springs was being sold to ABC-Paramount. The sale was completed on October 31, 1962. The sale included the "lease of the Springs, all of the buildings and about 3,900 acres of land from the head of the Springs to the Ocklawaha River". The sale did not include independent concessions such as the Ross Allen Reptile Institute and Tommy Bartlett's Deer Ranch.
ABC wanted to control all the attractions, and in June 1963 gave Bartlett a 30-day notice to move his business or sell it to them. Media attention was drawn, as Bartlett said his lease had been extended to January 29, 1967 before Ray and Davidson sold the park to ABC. The parties had a pre-trial conference planned for April 15, 1965, but settled on April 9, 1965; Bartlett turned over the Deer Ranch and all of its contents to ABC. Allen also eventually made a deal with Silver Springs Inc. and sold his Institute. Their agreement allowed him to stay as director of the Institute, which he did for years until his retirement. 
In October 1971, the natural Silver Springs were declared a National Natural Landmark, recognized as a national resource. In 1973 Silver Springs started a wildlife rehabilitation program.
From 1974 to 1978 ABC expanded development at Silver Springs and the surrounding area. In 1974 they started to renovate a 5-acre island. Cypress Island opened as an attraction in November 1974, with formal opening in the spring. Developments included the Cypress Gift Shop and an open-air beer pavilion. Activities and exhibits on the island included a new facility for the Ross Allen Reptile Institute, with three large wooden amphitheaters for reptile shows, and some animal exhibits. The Jungle Cruise loading dock was moved to the island. 
ABC developed a sister water park, Wild Waters, giving 450 press representatives a tour of all the Silver Springs facilities on April 28, 1978, before opening the next day to the public.
1984-1999.
In 1984, ABC sold the land occupied by Silver Springs and Wild Waters to Florida Leisure Attractions. In 1989 Florida Leisure Acquisition Corporation bought the land. It opened a 35-acre "Jeep Safari" in 1990. Visitors are taken into the forest to see wild animals, such as the rhesus monkeys, or entertainment artifacts, such as the tree house built for use in filming the 1930s "Tarzan" movies. In 1991 "Lost River Voyage" opened to the public. The boat dock was located where the TV series "Sea Hunt" was filmed. The boat tour took guests 1 mile down the Silver River to a small island where zookeepers showcased native animals. The boat then returned to dock with its passengers. 
In 1993 the first comprehensive scientific study of Silver Springs' main spring was conducted, including geological, paleontological and biological studies of the spring. It is the largest artisan spring in the world. Later in 1993, Florida Leisure Acquisition Corporation (FLAC) sold the land occupied by the Silver Springs and Wild Waters to the State of Florida, but continued to manage the parks under a long-term lease.
In 1994, FLAC opened "A Touch of Garlits," a museum of antique cars and race cars. It opened the White Alligator exhibit a year later in 1995. In 1996, Ogden Entertainment of Florida, Inc. acquired the lease for Silver Springs and Wild Waters. It initiated a multi-million dollar expansion project in 1997, finishing in early 1999. The largest expansion in Silver Springs history, this project developed the attractions of "World of Bears", "Big Gator Lagoon", "Panther Prowl", "Kids Ahoy!", the Twin Oaks Mansion, and other elements in the park. It moved the Giraffe exhibit. In 1999, Steve Irwin, notable as "Crocodile Hunter," visited the park. 
2000-present.
On January 14, 2000, the state renamed Cypress Island as Ross Allen Island in honor of the late herpetologist who directed his institute at the park from the 1930s until the 1970s. On January 14, the "Florida Natives" exhibit was opened to the public. Later in 2000, SmartParks, Inc. acquired the lease to Silver Springs and Wild Waters. In March 2002, SmartParks failed to pay the $1.2 million annual lease payment to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection.
In July 2002, SmartParks sold Silver Springs/Wild Waters to Palace Entertainment. Palace signed a 20-year management agreement with the state. On March 8, 2004 it closed the "Jungle Cruise" and sold all the associated animals to the Micanopy Zoological Preserve. The attraction was redesigned to show guests Florida history, and was named the Fort King River Cruise, opening in the summer of 2004. Also in 2004, Palace built "The Lighthouse" ride and the Fantastic Fountains water show. These three new attractions were opened on July 8, 2004.
The springs began to exhibit problems affecting many springs in Florida, associated with modern development: fertilizer runoff and septic outflow contain nitrates, which resulted in the overgrowth of brown algae. Thick algae mats have formed on the water, and alligators use them for sunning, but the algae is destroying the river habitat. Increased development in the surrounding area has drawn more water from the aquifer, resulting in a dramatic decrease in the volume of water from the springs. Since before 2000, flow has dropped from 510 million gallons per day (mgd) to 346 mgd in 2012.
The pollution has had other adverse effects: a study concluded that the fish population has decreased 90% compared to 1950s levels. To prevent storm runoff from carrying pollution into the springhead, the parking lot will be moved from the area along the waterway.
The last two giraffes at Silver Springs, Kimba and Khama, died on November 7, 2011 and December 19, 2012. They were mates, and were both born at Silver Springs (in 1982 and 1987, respectively). "Frank the Tank", an Aldabra tortoise who had lived in the park for nearly 40 years, died on April 19, 2012. He was the oldest animal in the park, being approximately over 100 years old.
The "Tampa Bay Times" reported that the park's profit margin over ten years had fallen from 23.5% to a meager 5.3%, and Palace wanted out of their lease before they began losing money. In January 2013, the State of Florida announced it would begin managing the park on October 1 of that year. Palace Entertainment agreed to pay a $4 million buyout to end their lease. The private park closed as of September 21, 2013; it became part of the state park system.
Areas.
Although Silver Springs does not have official "areas", the following are areas of attractions and animal exhibits.
Entrance.
The main gift shop is located near the entrance. Three flagpoles mark a fork in the path, and the head of Silver Springs. A 1972 plaque identifies Silver Springs as a National Natural Landmark. To the left are shops and restaurants. To the right is a waiting area and loading dock for tours by glass-bottomed boats. 
Ross Allen Island.
Ross Allen Island, formerly known as Cypress Point Island, Cypress Point and Cypress Island at various times, is a man-made boardwalk area on a 5 1/2-acre island. It opened in November 1974. In 1975 it mainly contained the re-vamped Ross Allen Reptile Institute, which included three wooden amphitheaters for animal shows, and multiple exhibits for reptiles such as alligators, turtles and snakes. 
Also, the Jungle Cruise boat dock was moved to the island soon after it opened, and had 6 new boats that were electrically powered (rather than by diesel engine), could hold 70 people, and had a speed of 8-knots when fully loaded. When it opened, the island also had a gift shop (Cypress Market), a snack shop and an open-air beer pavilion (Billy Bowlegs Cafe). During the 1997-1998 expansion of Silver Springs, "Big Gator Lagoon" and "Panther Prowl" were added to Cypress Island.
The area was renamed to "Ross Allen Island" on January 14, 2000, in honor of Allen's long-time contribution to Silver Springs through the Ross Allen Reptile Institute. Also on January 14, the "Florida Natives" exhibit was opened to the public.
Ross Allen Island was closed in March 2013 in preparation for the State of Florida's takeover of the park in October that year. All of the animals have been sold, and most of the structures on the island will be torn down, including the Fort King River Cruise (formerly Jungle Cruise) dock and the show amphitheaters. According to the "Ocala Star-Banner," new bridges will be built linking the boardwalks.
Twin Oaks Mansion area.
Located between the glass-bottom boat dock and the World of Bears area, attractions here have included the Twin Oaks Mansion, built in 1997-1998 in antebellum style; Kiddie Korral, Giraffe exhibit, and the Silver River Showcase Theater. All have been closed. 
Twin Oaks Mansion was solely used for the Silver Springs annual Concert Series. Giraffes held in the park were moved to this exhibit during the 1997-98 expansion. The Silver River Showcase Theater is an outdoor "theater" which hosted the "Wings of the Springs" show.
World of Bears.
The World of Bears area was mainly constructed during the 1997-98 expansion of Silver Springs. The things in that area include the World of Bears, Wilderness Trail ride, a gift shop, Kids Ahoy! Playland, the carousel, and formerly was the location of the "Lost River Voyage" boat ride. During the 2013 state takeover of the park, this entire area was basically shut down, and most of the facilities will be destroyed.
Rides and Activities.
Rides.
Carousel.
Located near "Kids Ahoy! Playland" and "Kritter Korral", the 40-passenger carousel features endangered animal figures.
Glass Bottom Boat Rides.
Silver Springs' world-renowned "Glass Bottom Boats" take guests on tours of the Silver River, which has its head waters within the park. From the glass bottom boats guests can observe many of the rivers springs and wildlife.
Lighthouse Ride.
Located near the headwaters of the Silver River, the Lighthouse Ride combines the features of a carousel and a gondola ride. Passengers rise up to 80 feet above ground to get a panoramic view of the Silver River and the land around it. It was deconstructed in 2013 before the state took over operations in October.
Wilderness Trail Ride.
The "Wilderness Trail Ride" is a JEEP ride where guests are taken through a 35-acre section of forest surrounding the park to see many of the native species of animals and see more Silver Springs history (such as Rhesus Monkeys and Tarzan's house from the original Tarzan movies filmed in the 1930s).
Activities.
"Wings of the Springs" Show.
The "Wings of the Springs" show is located in the outdoor Silver River Showcase Theater, near the Giraffe exhibit. It showcases many birds from around the world. Some of those birds including Parrots, Ducks, Raptors (Eagles, Hawks, Owls, etc.), and other birds.
The current show times are as follows: 12:00 noon on weekdays; 12:00 noon and 2:00 PM on Saturday and Sunday.
Other.
Kids Ahoy! Playland.
This playland allowed kids to climb ropes, use slides, crawl through tubes, and more. A small ride had miniature motorboats.
Animal Exhibits.
These are all of the former animal exhibits at Silver Springs. They are all former because all of the remaining exhibits were shut down in 2013 to make way for the state's takeover of the park.
Big Gator Lagoon.
Big Gator Lagoon is a multiple-acre exhibit that housed over 20 American alligators at its time of closure in 2013. It maintained a swamp look to coincide with the alligators' natural habitat. It was constructed during the 1997-98 expansion of Silver Springs, and was closed with Ross Allen Island in March 2013.
"Florida Natives" exhibit.
The Florida Natives exhibit was opened to the public on January 14, 2000. It featured animals and reptiles native to Florida, including otters, many types of snakes, and other reptiles. The otter exhibit was closed in 2012. The entire exhibit was closed and animals relocated in March 2013.
Giraffe exhibit.
The Giraffe exhibit in Silver Springs dates back to the early 1980s, and is likely even older than that. The current exhibit is a large roped area with a barn for the giraffes in the center of it. It isn't actually "closed", but it is empty since "Khama", the last Giraffe at Silver Springs, passed away on December 19, 2012.
Panther Prowl.
Panther Prowl, was built during the 1997-98 expansion of Silver Springs. It was accessible from Ross Allen Island; as of March 2013, when it was closed, it housed one Florida Panther and two Western Cougars.
World of Bears.
World of Bears was the bear exhibit at Silver Springs. It housed three Kodiak bears and five Black bears when it closed in May 2013. When it was built in 1997, it housed many species of bears, such as Black bears, Kodiak bears, Spectacled bears, and even a Polar bear in the winter. Its last day of operation was on May 23, 2013.
Rides, exhibits and activities.
These rides and exhibits are listed in the order they were closed. 
Silver Springs Reptile Institute.
Founded by Ross Allen in 1929, the Silver Springs Reptile Institute (more commonly known as the Ross Allen Reptile Institute) was a site for research as well as exhibit. Allen developed many snake anti-venoms, including dried anti-venom. He also imported venoms for medical and biochemical purposes. 
Originally located near the current entrance to the park, the Institute was demolished and moved to the Cypress Island in the 1970s. It was enlarged on 1974 to include three amphitheaters for animal shows. The park operators used the premises until 2013 for less dangerous animal shows and animal exhibits; they exhibited diverse crocodile and similar species.
"A Touch of Garlits".
Opened in 1994, this museum featured antique cars and race cars. It was a branch of the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing, located nearby in Ocala.
Lost River Voyage.
Opened in 1991, this boat tour started where the television series "Sea Hunt" was filmed and continued one mile down the Silver River. It was closed in 2011.
"Reptiles of the World" Show.
Located on Ross Allen Island, this exhibit featured Alligators, Crocodiles and Turtles. It was located in one of the three wooden amphitheaters built in the 1970s for the Silver Springs Reptile Institute. It was closed in March 2013 along with the rest of Ross Allen Island.
Non-Venomous Snake Show.
This show featured non-venomous snakes and gave visitors a chance to interact with and learn about many such species from around the world. Visitors were also taught about the snakes' place in the local environment. Located in one of the three amphitheaters on Ross Allen Island, it closed in March 2013. 
Fort King River Cruise.
This tour carried visitors up the Fort King Waterway. On that voyage, historical scenes and exhibits from Silver Spring's past are featured, including replicas of a Seminole Indian village, 1830s Fort King Army stockade, and a pioneer "Cracker" homestead. In the 2000s, park operators started removing non-native animals from attractions and refocused on the regional environment and history. It was closed in March 2013 along with the rest of Ross Allen Island.

</doc>
<doc id="9696348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696348" title="The Starter Wife (miniseries)">
The Starter Wife (miniseries)

The Starter Wife is a 2007 USA Network television miniseries, based on the novel of the same name by Gigi Levangie Grazer. Its title is derived from the concept of a starter marriage. Filmed over four months in Queensland, Australia, the plot focuses on Molly Kagan (Debra Messing) who, after years of marriage to a Hollywood film mogul, is forced to redefine herself and her role in society when her husband leaves her for a younger woman.
The mini-series premiered with a two-hour presentation on May 31, 2007 at 9:00 pm ET. The premiere attracted 5.4 million viewers, with 2.8 million of them being adults aged 25–54 (the network's target demographic). Ratings steadily decreased as the series progressed. The series is available for purchase on iTunes (to American customers only) and was available for DVD purchase starting September 11, 2007.
The miniseries was nominated for ten Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Miniseries, Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie (Debra Messing), Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie (Joe Mantegna), Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie (Judy Davis), and Writing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Dramatic Special (Josann McGibbon & Sara Parriott). Davis was the sole winner, while Messing was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Actress in a Miniseries or TV Movie.
Although initially intended as a one-shot miniseries, USA subsequently ordered "The Starter Wife" as a new series for the 2008 spring season. Production on the series first ten-episode season was delayed due to the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike, and began airing October 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9696349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696349" title="Jane Belk Moncure">
Jane Belk Moncure

Jane Belk Moncure (December 1926–July 30, 2013) was an American author of early childhood non-fiction, fiction and poetry. She also wrote under the names Bruce Wannamaker, Mary Thornton Blanton, and Jennie Davis.
Moncure lived in Virginia and North Carolina. She worked in early childhood education for thirty-five years. Most recently, Moncure lived in Fallston, North Carolina.
Moncure was a creative and prolific author: millions of her books are in circulation, and they are widely distributed in schools and libraries. Distribution has been primarily through The Child's World, ChildrensPress and Scholastic. Her creations and works include My First Steps to Reading, My First Steps to Math, My First Steps to Science, Word Bird, The Sound Box Books, and Magic Castle Readers. Her works have been translated into British English, Spanish, French, Chinese, and Malay. Belk Library, Elon University holds a collection of all published books by Moncure.
Jane Belk Moncure was a recipient of the C.S. Lewis Award and over the past 20 years, her works were recognized by numerous Awards. Most recently, in 2008, Jane received the Scholastic Teacher's Choice Award for her outstanding contribution to the My First Steps to Learning Program.

</doc>
<doc id="9696368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696368" title="List of towns in Maine">
List of towns in Maine

This is a List of towns in Maine presented alphabetically in a table and also organized by county and listed alphabetically within that county. For places other than towns (such as cities and plantations) in Maine see List of places in Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="9696397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696397" title="ASZ">
ASZ

ASZ or Asz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9696406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696406" title="Wolverhampton Low Level railway station">
Wolverhampton Low Level railway station

Wolverhampton Low Level was a railway station on Sun Street, in Springfield, Wolverhampton, England ().
It was built by the Great Western Railway, on their route from London (Paddington) to Birkenhead via Birmingham (Snow Hill). It was the most northerly broad gauge station on the Great Western network.
History.
It opened in 1854, although work on the station's construction was not completed until late 1855. The station was initially called Wolverhampton Joint and was renamed to Wolverhampton Low Level in April 1856, at the same time as the nearby London and North Western Railway station was renamed as Wolverhampton High Level
The station was converted to standard gauge in 1869, and remained basically the same until 1922, when new booking office was built within the booking hall, and a new telegraph department was added to the stationmaster's office. The platforms were extended and the passenger footbridge was replaced. The overall roof had corroded badly and was replaced with standard GWR platform canopies.
In July 1939, an Irish Republican Army bomb exploded at the station, wrecking the parcels office area.
Closure.
Closure of the station was made likely by the West Coast Mainline electrification scheme in the 1960s which included the Stour Valley Line and a new High Level station. From late 1963 to March 1967 the Low Level saw a considerable increase in traffic, but this was only while the electrification work was in progress, and many services were temporarily diverted away from High Level. 
When the Stour Valley Line reopened, the services through Low Level were quickly reduced. The last Paddington to Birkenhead express ran in March 1967, and in 1968 Shrewsbury services switched to the High Level. By 1970, the only services left running from Low Level were local trains to Birmingham Snow Hill. This service ceased in 1972.
In 1970, the station was converted to a Parcels Concentration Department. Much of the trackwork was removed, the north signal box was demolished and the platforms were greatly modified. It opened on 6 April 1970 and was very successful, handling up to 8,000 parcels each day. 
However, British Rail's policy on parcel handling soon changed, and the station was closed on 12 June 1981.
The building was listed as Grade II on 25 March 1986. It remained as the British Rail Divisional Engineer's Department until it was purchased by Wolverhampton Council in May 1986, who immediately renovated and preserved the exterior. Meanwhile, the route of the trackbed between Bushbury and Birmingham Snow Hill was preserved in case of future reopening of the line.
Redevelopment.
During the 1980s and 1990s, there were several proposals for redevelopment of the site, including re-opening the station and converting the station into a transport museum, but none came to fruition.
In 1999, the Midland Metro tramway opened, using most of the GWR route between Wolverhampton and Birmingham, but this turns towards the centre of Wolverhampton to run along the A41 Bilston Road before reaching Low Level.
Redevelopment of the Low Level station site began in 2006, retaining the main station building (which is a listed building) whilst the remainder of the station, including the former main southbound platform is being demolished to make way for a 'mixed use' retail, hotel and residential development. This redevelopment of the station is now (January 2009) mostly complete. The station building itself was destined to become a casino. This has now fallen through. [http://www.expressandstar.com/2008/12/26/low-level-station-casino-in-doubt/]
The station (now restored) is currently home to an Art Gallery, although this is due to end 31 July 2010.[http://www.expressandstar.com/2009/07/31/low-level-to-become-art-gallery/]
The station building is now (late 2012) being transformed into a banqueting hall. [http://www.expressandstar.com/news/2012/08/03/first-look-at-wolverhamptons-low-level-station-revamp/low-level-1]

</doc>
<doc id="9696441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696441" title="Talhaiarn">
Talhaiarn

John Jones (19 January 1810 – October 1869), known by his bardic name of Talhaiarn, was a Welsh poet and architect.
He was born at the Harp Inn (now known as "Hafod y Gân") in Llanfair Talhaearn, Denbighshire. He was probably apprenticed and then worked for the architect and Denbighshire County Surveyor Thomas Penson between 1830 and 1843. He then served with ecclesiastical architects in London, and was employed by Sir Joseph Paxton to oversee the building of the Crystal Palace. He came to prominence as a member of Cymdeithas y Cymreigyddion in London, and became its president in 1849.
Suffering from ill health, he returned to Wales in 1865, in 1869 he took his own life by shooting himself in his bedroom at the Harp Inn, and is buried under a yew at St Mary's church in Llanfair Talhaearn.
Talhaiarn lived in England and France but wrote in the Welsh language. His works included well-known lyrics such as "Bugeilio'r Gwenith Gwyn" (Watching the Wheat), and "Mae Robin yn Swil" (Robin is shy).
Whilst his bardic name is derived in a conventional way from the place of his birth, it is likely also to be a reference to Talhaearn Tad Awen, a noted 6th century Welsh poet.
Although he was accepted into Gorsedd y Beirdd in Bala in 1869, he is known to have failed several times to win the chair at the Eisteddfod. In 1849 at the Aberffraw eisteddfod he rose to his feet to contest the adjudication and defend his defeated awdl. In 1863 at the Swansea eisteddfod he held that the Nonconformist judges were biased against him as an Anglican.
Publications.
John Thomas compiled a series of books called "Welsh Melodies with Welsh and English Poetry". It was a collaborative work with John Jones creating the Welsh words and Thomas Oliphant the artist and musician writing the English (which was often not a translation) and authored by John Thomas the Welsh composer and harpist. There were four volumes, the first two published in 1862, the third in 1870 and the fourth in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="9696446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696446" title="Pervomayskoye, Leningrad Oblast">
Pervomayskoye, Leningrad Oblast

Pervomayskoye (; ) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus, northwest of St. Petersburg. It serves as the administrative center of Pervomayskoye Settlement Municipal Formation—an administrative division of the district—as well as of Pervomayskoye Rural Settlement, which that administrative division is municipally incorporated as. Population: 4,469 (2010 Census); 4,496 (2002 Census).
Pervomayskoye (as Kivennapa) was a part of Finland before 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9696475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696475" title="Chester Park, Duluth">
Chester Park, Duluth

Chester Park is a neighborhood in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.
8th Street, Kent Road, and Woodland Avenue are three of the main routes in the community.
Park.
"Chester Park" also refers to a large park adjacent to the neighborhood, located on East Skyline Parkway. Chester Park straddles both sides of a wooded ravine that contains Chester Creek, one of 28 streams that flow through the city. It is a popular hiking spot. The ravine opens at the top into a wide, wooded, "bowl"-shaped valley known as Chester Bowl and contains a small lift served ski area, ski jumps, pond, soccer field and cross country ski trails.
Adjacent Neighborhoods.
"(Directions following those of Duluth's general street grid system, not actual geographical coordinates)"

</doc>
<doc id="9696503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696503" title="Thierry Beschefer">
Thierry Beschefer

Thierry Beschefer, sometimes given as "Theodore", (Châlons-en-Champagne 25 March 1630 – Reims 4 February 1711), was a Jesuit missionary and became the superior of the Canadian mission.

</doc>
<doc id="9696515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696515" title="William St. Onge">
William St. Onge

William Leon St. Onge (October 9, 1914 – May 1, 1970) was a United States Representative from Connecticut. 
He was born in Putnam, Windham County, Connecticut, and attended the secondary schools of Putnam. He graduated from Tufts University in 1941 and enlisted in the United States Army in 1942, serving in the Army Air Corps in North Africa and Europe, and was discharged as a flight engineer in September 1945. He then attended the University of Connecticut School of Law at Hartford in 1948, and was admitted to the bar in 1948. He commenced the practice of law in Putnam in 1948, becoming judge of the probate court from 1948-1962. 
He was a member of board of education of Putnam in 1939-1941, and served in the State House of Representatives in 1941-1942. He served as prosecutor of the city court of Putnam from 1949–1951, and in 1955 he became judge of the city court of Putnam, serving until 1961. He was chairman and executive director of the redevelopment agency of Putnam, 1956–1958, and was mayor of the city in 1961-1962. 
In 1963 he was elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-eighth and to the three succeeding Congresses, serving from January 3, 1963, until his death in Groton, Connecticut. His body was interred in St. Mary’s Cemetery, Putnam. He was succeeded as Representative by Robert H. Steele.

</doc>
<doc id="9696522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696522" title="Volta ao Algarve">
Volta ao Algarve

The Volta ao Algarve (Portuguese; ) is a road bicycle racing stage race held annually in the Algarve, Portugal. Since 2005, it has been organised as a 2.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. Due to its early February position in the European calendar, it is used by many riders to prepare for the Spring Classics.

</doc>
<doc id="9696524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696524" title="Markus Leminen">
Markus Leminen

Markus Peter Leminen (born October 14, 1975 in Vantaa) is a Finnish former figure skater who competed in men's singles. He is a six-time Finnish national champion. He coaches at the Mariposa School of Skating in Barrie, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9696536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696536" title="Le baruffe chiozzotte (overture)">
Le baruffe chiozzotte (overture)

Le baruffe chiozzotte, Op. 32, is a concert overture by Leone Sinigaglia written in 1907. 
It was introduced in Milan under Arturo Toscanini's baton in the spring of that year. Based on the comedy "Le baruffe chiozzotte" by Carlo Goldoni, it is a spirited work that opens with brilliant subject for full orchestra. A subsidiary theme, more serene in nature, provides contrast. The second main subject of the work is a folk song, first heard in the oboe; it is soon taken up by the first violins. With the quickening of tempo the music becomes more vivacious, with a chattering figure in the woodwinds and violins. The folk song returns, as does the initial theme, leading to a brief coda which concludes the work.

</doc>
<doc id="9696561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696561" title="List of Portuguese words of Arabic origin">
List of Portuguese words of Arabic origin


</doc>
<doc id="9696570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696570" title="Temple tank">
Temple tank

Temple tanks are wells or reservoirs built as part of the temple complex near Indian temples. They are called pushkarini, kalyani, kunda, sarovara, tirtha, talab, pukhuri, etc. in different languages and regions of India. Some tanks are said to cure various diseases and maladies when bathed in. It is possible that these are cultural remnants of structures such as the Great Bath of Mohenjo-daro, which was part of the Indus Valley Civilization.
Tank design.
Since ancient times, the design of water storage has been important in India's temple architecture, especially in western India where dry and monsoon seasons alternate. Temple tank design became an art form in itself. An example of the art of tank design is the large, geometically spectacular Stepped Tank at the Royal Center at the ruins of Vijayanagara, the capital of the Vijayanagara Empire, surrounding the modern town of Hampi. It is lined with green diorite and has no drain. It was filled by aqueduct.
The tanks are used for ritual cleansing and during rites of consecration. The water in the tank is deemed to be sacred water from the Ganges River.
Stepwell.
In India, a stepwell is a deep masonry well with steps going down to the water level in the well. It is called a "vav" in west India and a "baoli" in north India. Some were built by kings and were richly ornamented. They often were built by nobility, some being for secular use from which anyone could obtain water.
Kalyani.
Kalyani, also called pushkarni, are ancient Hindu stepped bathing wells.
These wells were typically built near Hindu temples to accommodate bathing and cleansing activities before prayer. They are also used for immersion of Ganesha idols during Ganesha Chaturthi.
Sarovar.
In Sikhism temple tanks are called "Sarovar".

</doc>
<doc id="9696572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696572" title="C++/Tcl">
C++/Tcl

C++/Tcl is a software programming library interface which allows the integration of C++ into Tcl and vice versa.
The C++/Tcl library was inspired by the Boost.Python library and was designed to provide a similar interface.
Currently, the C++/Tcl library offers the following features:

</doc>
<doc id="9696580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696580" title="Audio to video synchronization">
Audio to video synchronization

Audio to video synchronization (also known as audio video sync, audio/video sync, AV-sync, lip sync, or by the lack of it: lip sync error, lip-flap) refers to the relative timing of audio (sound) and video (image) parts during creation, post-production (mixing), transmission, reception and play-back processing. When sound and video have a timing related cause and effect, AV-sync can be an issue in television, videoconferencing, or film.
Lip sync errors are most commonly noticed by average viewers, (i.e. persons not professionally involved in the broadcast television industry) when a close up of the face (also known in the broadcast industry as a head shot) of a performer such as a newscaster is viewed. In home television viewing experiences involving high definition programs displayed on a flat panel TV the sound heard by the viewer most commonly leads the video seen by the viewer by a significant and often noticeable amount of time. This timing error (i.e. lip sync error) can range from near zero up to several seconds. The error typically slowly varies by a significant amount throughout a television program and frequently varies from noticeable to unnoticeable amounts several times per hour. In industry terminology the lip sync error is expressed as an amount of time the audio departs from perfect synchronization with the video where a positive time number indicates the audio leads the video and a negative number indicates the audio lags the video. This terminology and standardization of the numeric lip sync error is utilized in the professional broadcast industry as evidenced by the various professional papers, standards such as ITU-R BT.1359-1, as well as and other references below.
Digital or analog audio video streams or video files usually contains some sort of explicit AV-sync timing, either in the form of interleaved video and audio data or by explicit relative time-stamping of data. The processing of data must respect the relative data timing by e.g. stretching between or interpolation of received data. If the processing does not respect the AV-sync error, it will increase whenever data gets lost, because of transmission errors or because of missing or mis-timed processing.
Incorrectly synchronized.
There are different ways in which the AV-sync can get incorrectly synchronized:
Examples of transmission (broadcasting), reception and playback that can get the AV-sync incorrectly synchronized:
Effect of no explicit AV-sync timing.
When a digital or analog audio video stream does not have some sort of explicit AV-sync timing these effects will cause the stream to become out of sync:
Viewer experience of incorrectly synchronized AV-sync.
The result typically leaves a filmed or televised character moving his or her mouth when there is no spoken dialog to accompany it, hence the term "lip flap" or "lip-sync error". The resulting audio video sync error can be annoying to the viewer and may even cause the viewer to not enjoy the program, decrease the effectiveness of the program, or lead to a negative perception of the speaker on the part of the viewer. The lack of effectiveness problems are of particular concern when product commercials and political candidates are viewed. Television industry standards organizations, such as the Advanced Television Systems Committee, have become involved in setting standards for audio video sync errors.
Because of these annoyances, AV-sync error is a concern to the television programming industry, including television stations, networks, advertisers and program production companies. Unfortunately, the advent of high definition flat panel display technologies (LCD, DLP, and plasma) which can delay video more than audio have moved the problem into the viewer's home and beyond control of the television programming industry alone. Consumer product companies now offer audio delay adjustments to compensate for video delay changes in TVs and A/V receivers, and several companies manufacture dedicated digital audio delays made exclusively for lip-sync error correction.
Recommendations.
For television applications, audio should lead video by no more than 15 milliseconds and audio should lag video by no more than 45 milliseconds. For film, acceptable lip sync is considered to be no more than 22 milliseconds in either direction.
MPEG: Presentation Time Stamp (PTS), Decode Time Stamp (DTS).
Presentation time stamps (PTS) can be embedded in MPEG transport stream to avoid AV-sync drift. Unfortunately these time stamps are often added after the video undergoes frame synchronization, format conversion and pre-processing, thus those delays remain uncompensated.

</doc>
<doc id="9696639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696639" title="Cameroonian Highlands forests">
Cameroonian Highlands forests

Setting.
The Cameroonian Highlands forests extend across the Cameroon Highlands, a chain of extinct volcanoes, covering an area of in eastern Nigeria and western Cameroon. The ecoregion lies above 900 meters elevation, and is surrounded at lower elevations by the Cross-Sanaga-Bioko coastal forests at the southern end of the range, and by forest-savanna mosaic along the central and northern ends of the range; the Cameroon Highlands form the boundary between the Guinean and Northern Congolian forest-savanna mosaic ecoregions. The highest mountain in the chain, Mount Cameroon is considered a separate ecoregion, while the highest peak within the region is Mount Oku (). As with similar highland areas in Angola and in East Africa the climate is cooler here than is typical of tropical Africa. The highlands are an important source of water for both Nigeria and Cameroon.
Flora.
The vegetation varies with elevation. Submontane forests extend from to meters elevation. Above elevation are distinct montane forests and patches of montane grassland, bamboo forest, and subalpine grasslands and shrublands. The ecoregion is characterized by the presence of afromontane species, which have an archipelago-like distribution across the highlands of Africa. Typical afromontane species are "Nuxia congesta, Podocarpus latifolius, Prunus africana, Rapanea melanophloeos," and "Syzygium guineense bamendae".
Fauna.
The ecoregion is home to a number of endemic species, along with several more that are also found in the nearby Mount Cameroon and Bioko montane forests ecoregion.
Seven species of birds are strictly endemic: the Bamenda Apalis "(Apalis bamendae)", Bangwa Forest Warbler "(Bradypterus bangwaensis)", White-throated Mountain-babbler "(Kupeornis gilberti)", Banded Wattle-eye "(Platysteira laticincta)", Bannerman's Weaver "(Ploceus bannermani)", Mount Kupe Bush-shrike "(Telophorus kupeensis)" and Bannerman's Turaco "(Tauraco bannermani)," which is a cultural icon for the Kom people who live in the area. Fourteen species are endemic to the Cameroon Highlands forests and Mt. Cameroon: "Andropadus montanus, Phyllastrephus poliocephalus, Laniarius atroflavus, Malaconotus gladiator, Cossypha isabellae" and the subspecies "Cisticola chubbi discolor" (sometimes considered a separate species "C. discolor"). Nine more montane endemic species are shared with Mt. Cameroon and Bioko: "Psalidoprocne fuliginosa, Andropadus tephrolaemus, Phyllastrephus poensis, Phylloscopus herberti, Urolais epichlora, Poliolais lopezi, Nectarinia oritis, Nectarinia ursulae," and "Nesocharis shelleyi".
Eleven small mammal species are endemic to the ecoregion: Eisentraut's striped mouse ("Hybomys eisentrauti"), the Mount Oku hylomyscus ("Hylomyscus grandis"), Mount Oku rat ("Lamottemys okuensis"), Mittendorf's striped grass mouse ("Lemniscomys mittendorfi"), Dieterlen's brush-furred mouse ("Lophuromys dieterleni") and Eisentraut's brush-furred rat ("L. eisentrauti"), Oku mouse shrew ("Myosorex okuensis,") Rumpi mouse shrew ("M. rumpii"), western vlei rat ("Otomys occidentalis"), Hartwig's soft-furred mouse ("Praomys hartwigi"), and Bioko forest shrew ("Sylvisorex isabellae").
The ecoregion is home to several endangered primates, including the Cross River gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla diehli"), an endemic subspecies of western gorilla, mainland drill ("Mandrillus leucophaeus leucophaeus"), Preuss's red colobus ("Pilocolobus preussi"), common chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes") and several species of guenon including Preuss's monkey ("Cercopithecus preussi").
Forty species of amphibians are endemic to the ecoregion: "Petropedetes parkeri, Petropedetes perreti, Phrynobatrachus cricogaster, Phrynobatrachus steindachneri, Phrynobatrachus werneri, Phrynobatrachus" species, "Phrynodon" species, "Cardioglossa melanogaster, Cardioglossa oreas, Cardioglossa pulchra, Cardioglossa schioetzi, Cardioglossa trifasciata, Cardioglossa venusta, Astylosternus nganhanus, Astylosternus perreti, Astylosternus montanus, Astylosternus rheophilus, Leptodactylodon axillaris, Leptodactylodon bicolor, Leptodactylodon boulengeri, Leptodactylodon erythrogaster, Leptodactylodon mertensi, Leptodactylodon polyacanthus, Leptodactylodon perreti, Afrixalus lacteus, Hyperolius ademetzi, Hyperolius riggenbachi, Leptopelis nordequatorialis, Xenopus amieti, Xenopus" species, "Bufo villiersi, Werneria bambutensis, Werneria tandyi, Wolterstorffina mirei".
The following reptiles are also considered more or less endemic: "Atractaspis coalescens", "Chamaeleo eisentrauti", Pfeffer's chameleon ("C. pfefferi"), four-horned chameleon ("Trioceros quadricornis"), "Leptosiaphos ianthinoxantha", and Angel's five-toed skink ("L. lepesmei").
Threats and conservation.
The forest is continually being cleared for firewood, timber and to create farmland, and many of the mountains have lost significant amounts of forest cover. There is very little formal environmental protection.
Urban areas and settlements.
In Cameroon the mountains are quite heavily populated and used for farming and grazing, much of this ecoregion lies in the Northwest and Adamawa Regions. Towns include Bamenda, capital of the Northwest and base for visiting the mountains including Oku, the Kilum-Ijim Forest and Lake Nyos. In Nigeria the ecoregion is located mainly on the Mambila Plateau, an area of agricultural and grazing land in Taraba State.

</doc>
<doc id="9696701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696701" title="1975–76 British Home Championship">
1975–76 British Home Championship

The 1975-76 British Home Championship was a football tournament played between the British Home Nations at the end of the 1975–76 season. It resulted in an outright Scottish victory following a rare whitewash of all three opponents, including England in a tough final at home in Glasgow. Scotland again refused to travel to Northern Ireland and therefore gained an additional home match. The Scottish team of the middle of the 1970s was one of the best sides the nation has ever fielded, being the only British team to qualify for a major championships between 1971 and 1980. They began well, beating Wales, who also lost to England in the early exchanges. Both title contenders then inflicted heavy defeats on Northern Ireland and both went into the final match looking for a win, as a draw would result in a disappointing tie for first place. The match was full of incident, but the Scots eventually ran out 2–1 winners, taking the cup outright for the first time since the 1967 British Home Championship, when England were World Champions. The Welsh gained some consolation, defeating Northern Ireland in their final match to take third place.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9696711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696711" title="Holding Nothing Back">
Holding Nothing Back

Holding Nothing Back is the third Christian music album by Tim Hughes, which was released on April 3, 2007. It also includes his newest single "Happy Day".

</doc>
<doc id="9696725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696725" title="Copper aspirinate">
Copper aspirinate

Copper(II) aspirinate is an aspirin chelate of copper(II) cations (Cu2+). It is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis.
Preparation.
Copper aspirinate can be prepared by several methods. In one route of preparation, an excess of acetylsalicylic acid is dissolved in aqueous sodium carbonate. Sodium hydroxide is not suitable for this purpose, because it will hydrolyse acetylsalicylic acid ("ASA") into salicylic acid and sodium acetate.
The resulting solution is then filtered to remove any undissolved acetylsalicylic acid and is mixed with a solution containing Cu2+ cations (copper(II) sulfate is suitable), precipitating bright blue crystals of copper aspirinate immediately. The crystals can then be filtered from solution, washed, and dried. An excess of acetylsalicylic acid is used in the first step, because it eliminates the possibility of unreacted carbonate anions precipitating the copper in this step.
Medicinal Use.
Copper aspirinate has been proven effective as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. A pharmacokinetic study in healthy human volunteers supports its enhanced efficacy as compared with aspirin 
The studies on animal models suggest that copper aspirinate is very promising in treating against thrombotic diseases and it has all the prospects of success in becoming an antithrombotic drug that prevents and treats thrombotic diseases in humans.
Other uses.
The use of copper aspirinate as a pigment in PVC and Polystyrene has also been investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="9696757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696757" title="Asier Polo">
Asier Polo

Asier Polo is a Spanish cellist.
Biography.
Asier Polo was born in Bilbao, Spain where he studied at the Conservatory of Music with Professor Elisa Pascu. In 1987-89, he won first prizes in cello and chamber music at the National Young Musicians Competition. Later, he studied at the Queen Sofia School in Madrid, and with Maria Kliegel at the Hochschule fur Musik in Cologne and with Ivan Monighetti at the Basel Academy of Music. Mr. Polo has participated in master classes with Natalia Gutman and Mstislav Rostropovich. During his studies in Cologne and Madrid, he also studied chamber music with the Amadeus Quartet and members of Quartetto Italiano. Since then, he has appeared as soloist and in recitals in Europe, Asia and America. He has performed with such artists as Maria Kliegel and the late Alfredo Kraus, who, during his last years, invited Asier Polo to appear as soloist in his concerts at Covent Garden in London and Maggio Musicale in Florence, Tonhalle in Zurich, Musikverein in Vienna and others.
Achievements.
Mr. Polo is well known in his native Spain as well as in other European countries. He has toured South America with the National Orchestra of Spain with Raphael Fruhbeck de Burgos conducting, and has played with the Opera Orchestra of Nice, the National Orchestra of Bordeaux, Prague Chamber Orchestra, Basel Philharmonic, the Monterey Symphony Orchestra, the Israel Philharmonic, among many others. Some of the conductors, with whom he has appeared as soloist, are Christian Badea, Gunther Herbig, Antoni Wit, and Arturo Tamayo.
Asier Polo has recorded for CLAVES, RTVE, MARCO POLO and NAXOS labels and has also recorded for radio and TV in Spain, Germany and Japan. Spanish composers G. Erkoreka, Luis de Pablo, Antón García Abril and Carmelo Bernaola have all written works premiered by this musician, who has been described as "outstanding" by Carlos Prieto.
He has played at Carnegie Hall in New York.
He also plays often with the pianist from Legazpi, Marta Zabaleta, a prize-winner herself in many international competitions who is well known as a soloist. He teaches at the Centro Superior de Música del País Vasco-Musikene.
Asier Polo plays on a Francesco Rugieri violoncello (Cremona 1689) bought in collaboration with Banesto.

</doc>
<doc id="9696773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696773" title="Insight Journal">
Insight Journal

The Insight Journal is an electronic scientific journal that covers the reproducibility of technical reports in the areas of image analysis and visualization. The journal provides mechanisms for sharing open source software, open data, and full description of parameters needed to reproduce the experiences reported in the submitted papers.
Journal features.
The "Insight Journal" is based on the concept of open science and provides full access to scientific material under a license allowing readers to create derivative works, the Creative Commons "by-attribution" license.[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/] the journal uses open peer review and allows any reader to volunteer as reviewer, and requiring reviewers to make their reviews public. Readers can rate reviewers in a similar way that online retailers such as Amazon.com self-regulate their evaluations. The journal is inspired by the concept of Reproducibility and by the Reproducible Research initiative championed by Jon Claerbout.

</doc>
<doc id="9696783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696783" title="Austerlands">
Austerlands

Austerlands is a suburban area of Saddleworth, a civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, in Greater Manchester, England. It occupies a hillside amongst the Pennines, between the villages of Lees and Scouthead. It is traversed by the A62 road.
Historically, Austerlands has been positioned on the West Riding of Yorkshire side of the ancient county boundary with Lancashire. The chimney of the former Austerlands Mill is a local landmark.
Austerlands is contiguous with Waterhead area of Oldham, the village of Lees and Scouthead and Springhead areas of Saddleworth. For purposes of the Office for National Statistics, Austerlands forms the eastern fringe of the Greater Manchester Urban Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9696791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696791" title="Don't You Ever Leave Me">
Don't You Ever Leave Me

"Don't You Ever Leave Me" is a single by the Finnish rock and glam punk band Hanoi Rocks taken from their 1984 hit album "Two Steps From The Move". The single was released by CBS.
"Don't You Ever Leave Me" made its first appearance on Hanoi Rocks' first album "Bangkok Shocks, Saigon Shakes, Hanoi Rocks", but it had more punky atmosphere and faster tempo. They remade the version, which the band loved much more. It is usually considered one of the best songs by Hanoi Rocks. The band's guitarist Andy McCoy commented on the song in Finnish Soundi magazine in 1984: "Well, yeah, we screwed up that song so bad back then, that we had to remake it now. As a song, I think it's fucking great and this version is what the original should have been.".
The version of "Don't You Ever Leave Me" that's on the 12" single differs from the album and 7" single versions, as the 12" single version features the narration's (originally spoken by McCoy and Razzle) spoken by McCoy in Spanish.
The song "Oil And Gasoline" (which was the song's B-side) was a new song that originally made its appearance on the "Underwater World" single the same year in 1984.
"Malibu Nightmare" (which is on the 12" single) was originally featured on the EP for the song "Love's An Injection" in 1982. The song was originally made just as a joke, which had Nasty Suicide on bass, because Sam Yaffa was late from the recording. It was re-recorded on the band's 1983 album "Back to Mystery City".
Swedish sleaze rock act Hardcore Superstar covered the song on their second album.

</doc>
<doc id="9696796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696796" title="Road to Ruin (The Mr. T Experience album)">
Road to Ruin (The Mr. T Experience album)

Road to Ruin is the eighth album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1998 on Clearview Records. The album is a cover of the Ramones' 1978 album "Road to Ruin" in its entirety.
Background.
Being heavily influenced by the Ramones, The Mr. T Experience had previously released a song about them called "The End of the Ramones" on their 1989 EP "Big Black Bugs Bleed Blue Blood". 
The Mr. T Experience version of "Road to Ruin", released in 1998, between the albums "Revenge is Sweet, and So Are You" and "Alcatraz", marked the first appearance of the band name abbreviated to "MTX" on an album cover. It was also the first album since the 1988 Rough Trade release "Night Shift at the Thrill Factory", to "not" be released through Lookout Records. Although "Night Shift at the Thrill Factory", and its predecessor "Everybody's Entitled to Their Own Opinion" would see later re-issues through Lookout Records, "Road to Ruin" carries the distinction of being the only album to never see a release through the label.
According to the liner notes, the album was originally released as a tour edition of 300, pressed on half-blue, half-yellow marbled 12" vinyl. The original tour edition also featured a felt, cloth-like front and back cover, separated into two 12" squares. The album was later re-issued on black vinyl with a standard album jacket, limited to a pressing of 1700 copies. To date, it is the only Mr. T Experience album to not see a release on compact disc.
The album is one of several covers of Ramones albums released by punk rock bands in the 1990s. Screeching Weasel released their version of "Ramones" in 1992, a complete cover of the Ramones first album, and in 1994 The Queers released "Rocket to Russia". Both bands are contemporaries of the Mr. T Experience, having played numerous shows together throughout each other's careers. Later, in 2000, the Mr. T Experience EP "The Miracle of Shame" would include another Ramones homage entitled "Mr. Ramones."

</doc>
<doc id="9696831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696831" title="Choremis">
Choremis

Choremis () is a village and a community of the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece. Since the 1970s it is situated on the left bank of the river Alfeios, which was rerouted for the lignite mines further east. It is 3 km northwest of Tripotamo, 4 km south of Thoknia and 5 km southwest of Megalopoli. The community consists of the villages Choremis and Apiditsa (pop. 57 in 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="9696834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696834" title="Old Hall School">
Old Hall School

Old Hall School was a comprehensive school located in Kimberworth, Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. It merged with Kimberworth Comprehensive School to form Winterhill School in September 2004.
History.
The school opened in the 1950s and moved into its own buildings in January 1959. It was originally a secondary modern school, but became a comprehensive school in 1966. The school's buildings were extended in 1973. It gained Technology College status in 1998.
Old Hall School ceased to exist under its old name as of September 2004 when it merged with Kimberworth Comprehensive School to form Winterhill School, which now occupies the former site of Old Hall.
The school site.
The school structure consisted of mostly timber frame buildings, constructed in the 1970s and linked by covered walkways intended to provide some protection from the elements for pupils making their way between classes. These were augmented in the 1990s by several temporary classrooms, needed to accommodate the rising numbers of pupils, before the school was eventually demolished to make way for the new Winterhill School building. Before the City Learning Centre was opened the school had two assembly halls, known as the East Hall and the West Hall.
Academic performance.
At the time of its closure it had around 130 staff members and around 1500 pupils from between the ages of 11 and 16. The school had no sixth form, but many leaving pupils went on to study A-levels and other further qualifications at nearby colleges, principally Thomas Rotherham College and Rotherham College of Arts and Technology. At its best, examination results in GCSEs and GNVQs at Old Hall were among the best in the area: in 2003 (the year before the school finally closed), 61% of pupils attained 5 or more A*-C grades or equivalent, compared to a national average of 53% and a local average of 45%.
Long March.
A tradition in the school was the holding of a “Long March” each year, in which all pupils in the school took part in a sponsored walk to raise money for local and national charities. Originally taking place around Derwent and Ladybower Reservoirs in the Peak District, it was later moved to Rother Valley Country Park due to safety concerns. The tradition has been continued by pupils at Winterhill School, to raise money for an astro-turf pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="9696839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696839" title="Duck Lake, Saskatchewan">
Duck Lake, Saskatchewan

Duck Lake is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. It is located 88 kilometres north of Saskatoon and 44 kilometres south of Prince Albert on highway 11, in the rural municipality of Duck Lake. Immediately to the north of Duck Lake is the south block of the Nisbet Provincial Forest.
History.
Duck Lake was one of the 5 Southbranch settlements settled by French speaking Métis from Manitoba in the 1860s and 1870s. A Roman Catholic Mission was established in Duck Lake in 1874 by Father André O.M.I. and by 1888 the village had a school, a post office (called Stobart), a flour mill (gristmill) and a trading post. From 1882 to 1905 Duck Lake was within the District of Saskatchewan of the North-West Territories.
In 1885, Duck Lake was the site of the Battle of Duck Lake, a conflict between Métis warriors and the Government of Canada, at the start of the Northwest Rebellion. At Duck Lake, the Prince Albert Trail, which ran from Regina to Prince Albert, crossed the Carlton Trail and it marked the halfway point between the Métis headquarters at Batoche and the North-West Mounted Police at Fort Carlton.
Historic Carpenter Gothic style All Saints Anglican Church built in 1896 is a municipal heritage site. Its historic cemetery contains the graves of some of those who fought in the Battle of Duck Lake as well as those of other pioneers of the community.
The 1973 western Alien Thunder was partially filmed here.
External links.
Further reading.
Barnholden, Michael. (2009). "Circumstances Alter Photographs: Captain James Peters' Reports from the War of 1885". Vancouver, BC: Talonbooks. ISBN 978-0-88922-621-0.

</doc>
<doc id="9696848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696848" title="1948 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">
1948 New York Film Critics Circle Awards

14th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 21, 1949<br/>(announced December 28, 1948)
The Treasureof the Sierra Madre
The 14th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="9696850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696850" title="Bulgakovo, Republic of Bashkortostan">
Bulgakovo, Republic of Bashkortostan

Bulgakovo () is a rural locality (a "selo") in Ufimsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located north of Ufa, the capital of the republic. Population: 
It was founded in 1785 as a "seltso".

</doc>
<doc id="9696881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696881" title="Giuseppe Rocca">
Giuseppe Rocca

Giuseppe Rocca (27 April 1807 – 27 January 1865) was an Italian violin maker of the 19th century.
Rocca's preferred models were the 1742 Alard Guarneri and the 1716 Messiah Strad. His instruments are appreciated today and are considered better than those made by his son Enrico Rocca.
Rocca was born in Barbaresco, a small village in the Langhe hills near Alba in Piemonte, and died in Genoa.
His parents were Maria Teresa and Giovanni Battista Rocca. He was educated and served in the military and soon after married Anna Maria Calizzano. At the time, Rocca was a baker. The circumstances are unknown what brought him, in a few years, to take up an apprenticeship in Giovanni Francesco Pressenda's Turin workshop.
By 1834, his wife died and he moved to Turin to pursue his craft. It was during this time that he became acquainted with Luigi Tarisio, a violin dealer, who had in his possession the Alard and the Messiah. These then became the models Rocca used for his violins.
He remarried. His second wife, Caterina Barone died in 1842. Rocca remarried a third time to Giuseppina Quarelli. They had three children, one of whom is Enrico, born in 1847. In 1850, Rocca's third wife died.
Rocca moved to Genoa in pursuit of opportunities after the Guadagnini workshop became the clear favorite in Turin. For years he continued his work in both Turin and Genoa.
He married a fourth time and was widowed. He earned a reputation as a drunk and his production became inconsistent in quality. In 1856, Rocca married a fifth time to Filomena DeFranchi.
Rocca was found dead one night in January 1865 in a well in the gardens of Pila, Genoa, near the Bisagno river.
His work became celebrated and well appreciated a few decades after his death. His production was consistent on the violins, violas, cellos, double basses, and guitars he made.
According to a few paper documents and the two copper and silver medals, Rocca won prizes in his craft at a national arts and crafts exhibitions in 1844 and 1846. It's written: ‘Rocca Giuseppe violin maker, gives notice to gentlemen amateurs and professors of music that after exhaustive experiments, (he) was able to find the secret of the composition of the varnish used by the ancient (masters) Stradivarius and Guarnerius.’

</doc>
<doc id="9696911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696911" title="Family Dining Room">
Family Dining Room

The Family Dining Room is located on the State Floor of the White House, the official residence of the President of the United States. The room is used for smaller, more private meals than those served in the State Dining Room. Today the president uses the Family Dining Room less for family and more for working lunches and small dinners. Family dinners are more often served on the Second Floor in the President's Dining Room.
Soon after construction of the White House a need was seen for a separate private dining room. Thomas Jefferson used the present Green Room as his private dining room. New floor plans made for reconstruction of the White House following its burning by the British in 1814 indicate a State Dining Room in the southwest corner, and a private dining room in the northwest of the State Floor. In the latter half of the 19th century a pantry was added in the northwest corner reducing the size of the private dining room, and use of the term "Family Dining Room" began to replace the name "Private Dining Room." 
McKim's neoclassical redesign.
Renovations by architect Charles Follen McKim during the administration of Theodore Roosevelt architecturally transformed the Family Dining Room. Using White House architect James Hoban's groin vaulted ground floor hall ceilings as a model, McKim installed a similar groin vault ceiling. The surface was articulated with a low relief plaster meander (Greek key) and five-pointed star decoration, and an eagle within a laurel wreath on the east wall above the mantel. McKim commissioned the Boston furniture manufacturer A. H. Davenport and Company to build a somewhat overscaled Federal-style sideboard and china cabinet, and dining table. Reproduction Chippendale-style sidechairs replaced the series of Victorian chairs used in the nineteenth century. 
The Truman reconstruction.
A photograph of the ceiling area taken while the room was being dismantled previous to the Truman reconstruction, shows the simple c. 1818 moulding and several pieces of Victorian era wall paper. Plaster decoration and wood trim was removed from the room with the intention of reinstalling it after the reconstruction. Like much of the salvaged wood and plaster from the house, it was pronounced unusable. McKim's groin vaulted ceiling and plaster decoration was copied, along with the Greek key, stars and large eagle ornament. Most of McKim's Colonial Revival furniture was returned to the room. 
Kennedy restoration and later administrations.
During the Kennedy restoration the room was designed largely by Sister Parish who asked preservation architect Robert Raley, a consulting architect to Henry Francis DuPont's Winterthur Museum, to assess the room. Raley considered the room to be very strong and in keeping with the White House's time of construction. He made two proposals which were followed: the removal of moulding that organized the walls into a series of upper and lower panels; and the lowering of the window height by extending a cornice across the north wall of the room. These changes had the dual effect of unifying the room and giving the vaulted ceiling more presence. 
Parish had the walls painted a soft yellow, and yellow silk curtains, tied back twice with ornamental cords and tassels, installed within the frame of the windows. French interior designer Stéphane Boudin had recommended a similar treatment by her in the Yellow Oval Room. A series of mantels and chandeliers were tried, finally resulting in permanent installation of a late Louis XVI green marble mantelpiece with a carved eagle and festoons in white marble. this mantel was acquired for the Yellow Oval Room but proved too small for the scale of that room. Baseboard trim was faux painted to match the green marble of the mantel. A Federal period dining and side chairs have been used since. 
Today the room appears little changed since the Kennedy restoration. Yellow silk drapery based on an English Regency pattern have been installed and cover the window frames. They were designed in 1981 by Ted Graber, under First Lady Nancy Reagan's supervision. She also approved new upholstery for the chair and a new carpet for the room. A silver mirror plateau, made in New York by John W. Forbes, c. 1820 sits on the table.
The use of Chiavari chairs became common in the Family Dining Room during the Obama administration.

</doc>
<doc id="9696945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696945" title="Huntington Stadium">
Huntington Stadium

Huntington Stadium (formerly Ryedale Stadium) is the stadium of English rugby league team York City Knights.
History.
The stadium was completed in October 1989 by contractors Birse Construction Ltd. It is situated two miles north of the city centre at Monk's Cross, close to the A1036 Malton Road. The stadium was financed by Ryedale District Council and was named the Ryedale Stadium.
Huntington Stadium's record attendance for a rugby league match was set on 5 January 1990 when 4,977 turned up to watch a Division 2 match against Halifax.
In 2011 the University of York will face Lancaster University in a first team rugby match, the first time the two sides have met in such surroundings. The game is part of the annual Roses sporting competition between the two universities.
Structure and facilities.
The stadium has a capacity of 3,428. Its facilities include an all seated Main Stand incorporating executive boxes to the rear, an all standing Popular Stand, floodlights, an electronic scoreboard and an athletics track.
The stadium also has a large multi purpose sports hall, a fitness room and superb social facilities, including the Galtres Bar, which is open to season ticket holders on match days. However, Huntington Sports and Social Club is now in use as a pre-match venue for any fans attending games.
There are 180 car park spaces available to the home and opposition supporters on match days. This match day car park is located at the end of the main Courtneys/Waterworld car park and costs £3.
Future.
It has long been proposed that the Knights should share a new municipal stadium with York City F.C. and it was announced in July 2010 that the preferred location would be the site of the current Huntington Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9696954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696954" title="Move This House">
Move This House

Move This House is a reality television series which started airing on the A&E (Arts and Entertainment) television network in 2005. Host Tanya Memme and designer Roger Hazard help homeowners who are moving and need help getting their belongings into their new homes.

</doc>
<doc id="9696992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696992" title="Indiana big school football champions">
Indiana big school football champions

1920-1936: The North and Mythical State Champions.
From the late 1800s through 1919, Indiana high school football teams played each other, often playing fewer than five games per year and many times skipping entire seasons. Pre-1920 "games" often featured high school teams playing semi-pro club teams, college teams and even intramural scrimmages. Various teams made state championship claims, but most were unfounded until organized leagues and verified games became commonplace beginning with the 1920 season. By that year, as many as 26 high schools in Northern Indiana — stretching from Fort Wayne to East Chicago — were annually compiling standings and functioning as the state’s first organized football conference. These northern football teams frequently defeated powerhouse teams from other states and were rarely defeated by Indiana teams from outside the league. (From 1921-26, Gary Emerson never lost a game to an in-state team.) It was probably quite safe for the winner of this early super conference to claim the Mythical State Football Championship prior to 1928, and most did. Indeed, when an arranged Indiana mythical state championship game² was played between the north and south through 1930 (in 1923, ’24, ’27, ’29, and ’30) the northern league champ won every time. 
In 1926, for one year, the league standings included power teams from around the state, including Evansville Central, Richmond Morton, Indianapolis Tech, Marion and Muncie, all of whom finished behind league leaders Mishawaka and Gary Emerson. In 1927, many of these same northern teams – from Elkhart to East Chicago – officially formed the Northern Indiana Conference (NIC) with its champion going on to dominate the #1 final ranking in the AP & UPI polls, well into the 1960s. 
By the early 1930s, the Evansville and Terre Haute areas were also well established as Indiana high school football hotbeds. Clinton (north of Terre Haute) won three titles between 1928 and 1933, and Evansville Memorial, best in the south in 1937, defeated McKeesport, champions of Western Pennsylvania, 21-0, in what some newspapers called the mythical national championship.
1920 - Wabash4 & Mishawaka1 
1921 - Gary Emerson1 & Gary Froebel1
1922 - Gary Emerson1 (2) 
1923 - Gary Emerson² (3) 
1924 - Elkhart (Central)²
1925 - Mishawaka1,4 (2)
1926 - Mishawaka1 (3)
1927 - Gary Froebel² (2)
1928 - Clinton³ 
1929 - Gary Mann²,³
1930 - Gary Emerson²,³ (4)
1931 - South Bend Central4
1932 - Clinton³ (2)
1933 - Clinton²,³ (3)
1934 - South Bend Central1,4 (2) & Terre Haute Garfield4
1935 - Evansville Memorial²,³
1936 - Gary Mann5 (2) 
1 NIC Champion
² Winner of arranged post-season North-South Mythical State Championship Game
³ Winner of "Indianapolis Times" & IHSAA ‘Most Outstanding Team in Indiana’ Trophy – 1927, ’28, ’29, ‘30, ’32, ‘33, & ’35.
4 Mythical State Champions named by “various Indiana newspapers,” according to AlmanacSports.com – 1920, ‘25, ‘31 & ‘34.
5 NIC East-West Playoff Champion - 1936 (no other claims found).
( ) Total State Championships
1937-1972: The Polls Rule.
The AP and UP(I) Polls awarded Mythical State Football Championships from 1937-72. Many schools went on to play postseason games after the final polls were released and some schools subsequently — and rightly — disputed these AP/UPI mythical championships.
1937 - Hammond
1938 - Evansville Memorial (2)
1939 - South Bend Washington 
1940 - Fort Wayne North 
1941 - Gary Wallace 
1942 - East Chicago Washington (2)
1943 - South Bend Washington (2)
1944 - Muncie Central
1945 - East Chicago Roosevelt
1946 - East Chicago Roosevelt (2)
1947 - East Chicago Roosevelt (3)
1948 - Evansville Reitz
1949 - East Chicago Roosevelt (4)
1950 - Lafayette Jefferson
1951 - Hammond Noll*
1952 - Richmond
1953 - South Bend Washington (3) 
1954 - Whiting
1955 - East Chicago Roosevelt (5)
1956 - Richmond (2)
1957 - Evansville Reitz (2) & East Chicago Roosevelt (6)
1958 - South Bend Central (3)
1959 - South Bend Central (4)
1960 - Evansville Reitz (3)
1961 - Evansville Reitz (4)
1962 - Hammond (2)
1963 - Elkhart (Central) (2)
1964 - South Bend St. Joseph's*
1965 - Hammond Morton
1966 - Indianapolis Washington
1967 - Richmond (3)
1968 - Bloomington (South) & Elkhart (Central) (3)
1969 - South Bend Washington (4)
1970 - Elkhart (Central) (4) 
1971 - Evansville Reitz (5)*
1972 - Bloomington South (2)
( ) Total State Championships
"* Evansville Reitz also went on to win a 4A smaller school state championships in 2007 & 2009, as did South Bend St. Joseph’s (3A) in 1995, and Hammond Noll (3A) in 1989. See Indiana High School Football Champions - Smaller Schools."
1973-present: Settling it on the Field.
IHSAA State Tournament Champions. Over the years the largest enrollment classification has moved from 3A, to 4A, to 5A, and now to 6A. For a listing of smaller school state champions see Indiana High School Football Champions - Smaller Schools.
1973 - South Bend Washington (5)
1974 - Indianapolis Washington (2)
1975 - Valparaiso
1976 - Merrillville
1977 - Portage
1978 - Carmel
1979 - Columbus East
1980 - Carmel (2)
1981 - Carmel (3)
1982 - (Evansville) Castle
1983 - (Mishawaka) Penn
1984 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central
1985 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (2)
1986 - Carmel (4)
1987 - Indianapolis Ben Davis
1988 - Indianapolis Ben Davis (2)
1989 - Carmel (5)
1990 - Indianapolis Ben Davis (3)
1991 - Indianapolis Ben Davis (4)
1992 - Fort Wayne Snider
1993 - Bloomington South (3)
1994 - (Evansville) Castle (2)
1995 - (Mishawaka) Penn (2)
1996 - (Mishawaka) Penn (3)
1997 - (Mishawaka) Penn (4)
1998 - Bloomington South (4)
1999 - Indianapolis Ben Davis (5)
2000 - (Mishawaka) Penn (5)
2001 - Indianapolis Ben Davis (6)
2002 - Indianapolis Ben Davis (7)
2003 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (3)
2004 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (4)
2005 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (5)
2006 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (6)
2007 - Carmel (6)
2008 - Center Grove
2009 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (7)
2010 - Fishers
2011 - Carmel (7)
2012 - (Indianapolis) Lawrence Central 
2013 - (Indianapolis) Warren Central (8)
( ) Total State Championships
Big School State Championships by School.
1. (Indianapolis) Warren Central - 8
2. Carmel - 7
3.Ben Davis - 7
4. East Chicago Roosevelt - 6
5. (Mishawaka) Penn - 5
5. South Bend Washington - 5
5. Evansville Reitz - 5
8. Bloomington South - 4
8. Elkhart Central - 4
8. South Bend Central - 4
8. Gary Emerson - 4
12. Richmond - 3
12. Mishawaka - 3
12. Clinton - 3
15. Castle - 2
15. Indianapolis Washington - 2
15. Hammond - 2
15. Evansville Memorial - 2
15. Gary Mann - 2
15. Gary Froebel - 2
21. (Indianapolis) Lawrence Central - 1
21. Fishers - 1 
21. Center Grove - 1
21. Fort Wayne Snider - 1
21. Columbus East - 1
21. Portage - 1
21. Merrillville - 1
21. Valparaiso - 1
21. Hammond Morton - 1
21. South Bend St. Joseph's - 1
21. Whiting - 1
21. Hammond Noll - 1
21. Lafayette Jefferson - 1
21. Muncie Central - 1
21. Gary Wallace - 1
21. Fort Wayne North - 1
21. Terre Haute Garfield - 1
21. Wabash - 1
Big School State Championships by Region.
Indianapolis Metro - 26
Northwest Indiana: The Region - 24
South Bend/Mishawaka/Elkhart - 22
Evansville - 9
Bloomington - 4
Terre Haute/Clinton - 4
Richmond - 3
Fort Wayne - 2
Other - 3

</doc>
<doc id="9696998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9696998" title="Pirkis">
Pirkis

Pirkis is a surname. People of this name include

</doc>
<doc id="9697008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697008" title="Bedford-Stuyvesant Volunteer Ambulance Corps">
Bedford-Stuyvesant Volunteer Ambulance Corps

The Bedford-Stuyvesant Volunteer Ambulance Corps (BSVAC) is the world's first non-profit, minority- run, volunteer ambulance corps, founded in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York in 1988 by James Robinson. BSVAC- (pron. Beesvac) was established organically in response to the lack of city wide first aid services coming to the area. In 1988 James "Rocky" Robinson and col. Victor Perez started the corps in response to lackluster services in the area. Although the majority of all homicides in New York City occur within the confines of this neighborhood, BSVAC remains the dominant ambulance service.
Programs.
BSVAC is reported to respond to emergency calls with an average response time of less than four minutes. 
BSVAC has established a neighborhood first aid center.
BSVAC has a Youth Corps program that provides CPR, first aid and basic emergency medical training to teens and young adults. A program for younger children, called the Trauma Troopers, has also been developed by BSVAC.
BSVAC has reached out to other minority communities, from Harlem, New York to Los Angeles, California, providing emergency medical training and assistance in setting up programs.
Awards.
BSVAC has received the Robin Hood Foundation Hero of the Year Award, New York City Hero Award, American Institute for Public Service Jefferson Award, Thousand Points of Light Award (awarded by President George H.W. Bush), and the Maxwell House Hero Search Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9697027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697027" title="Suchindra Bali">
Suchindra Bali

Suchindra Bali is a Tamil actor, son of former 50s and 60s superstar actress Vyjayanthimala. He has shortened his name to Suchin. His mother is of Tamil origin while his father Dr. Bali is a north Indian.
He was born in Mumbai, did his schooling in Chennai, moved to Delhi for college and then went to the U.S. for higher studies. He's a law graduate from Columbia University. After completing his studies, he returned to Delhi where he started modelling. Several acting sessions and dance classes later, he entered into Tamil cinema industry. Acting was the last thing on Suchin’s mind, one day his photograph appeared in a Tamil daily and was seen by a producer who came to sign him for a movie. His first movie was "Kannodu Kanbathellam", where he shared frames with Arjun Sarja and his second film was "Mugavaree" with Ajith Kumar. He also worked with Nana Patekar, his debut Bollywood movie was "Aanch", directed by Rajesh Singh.
His Tamil next venture is "Ninaithale", directed by Viswas Sundar. It's his first Tamil movie as solo hero.

</doc>
<doc id="9697029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697029" title="Polyany, Leningrad Oblast">
Polyany, Leningrad Oblast

Polyany (; Swedish: Nykyrka) is a settlement in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, on the Karelian Isthmus. Before the Winter War and Continuation War it was the administrative center of the Uusikirkko municipality of the Viipuri province of Finland.
The Finnish names mean "New Church (Church Lake)". The village was the site of death of Michael Agricola, who died there on return from the negotiations for the Treaty of Novgorod (1557).

</doc>
<doc id="9697065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697065" title="Sinfonietta (Poulenc)">
Sinfonietta (Poulenc)

The Sinfonietta, FP 141, is a work for orchestra by Francis Poulenc. Composed in 1947, it was first performed in London on October 24, 1948, under the baton of Roger Désormière. The work, light and full of dance rhythms, is in four movements:

</doc>
<doc id="9697082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697082" title="Kerstin Lundgren">
Kerstin Lundgren

Kerstin Lundgren (born 1955) is a Swedish Centre Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002. Ms. Lundgren is also a member of the AWEPA Governing Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9697125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697125" title="Louis Gonzaga, Duke of Nevers">
Louis Gonzaga, Duke of Nevers

Louis Gonzaga, Duke of Nevers ( or Luigi di Gonzaga-Nevers; 18 September 1539 – 23 October 1595) was an Italian-French dignitary and diplomat in France. He was the third child of Frederick II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua, and Margaret Palaeologina.
Life account.
Born in Mantua, at the age 10 he was sent to Paris to inherit the assets left by his grandmother, Anne d'Alençon, widow of Marquess William IX of Montferrat. He entered Henry II of France's army and fought in the battle of St. Quentin (1557), where he was taken prisoner by the Spanish.
On 4 March 1565 he married Henriette of Cleves, heiress to the Duchies of Nevers and Rethel (titles which Louis carried thenceforth), and granddaughter of Charles de Bourbon, Duke of Vendôme through her mother Marguerite of Bourbon-La Marche. Their son Charles became duke of Mantua in 1627, establishing the Gonzaga-Nevers line.
Louis died at Nesle in 1595.
He is considered by many historians as one of the courtiers most responsible for the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre in 1572. In conspiracy theories, such as the one promoted in "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail", Louis been alleged to be the fifteenth Grand Master of the Priory of Sion.
Children.
He and his wife, Henriette of Cleves, had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="9697171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697171" title="Rigmor Stenmark">
Rigmor Stenmark

Rigmor Stenmark (born 1940) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1994–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9697201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697201" title="Arnold's Cove Station">
Arnold's Cove Station

Arnold's Cove Station is a tiny Canadian rural community located on Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador
It is situated approximately two kilometers from the town of Arnold's Cove, from which it derived its name.
The community was established in the 1890s when Robert Gillespie Reid's Newfoundland Railway was constructed through the area, bypassing Arnold's Cove proper.
Most of the settlers worked for the Reid Newfoundland Railway and in later years the Canadian National Railway.
Members of the United States Army were stationed in the community during World War Two.
"See also"
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador

</doc>
<doc id="9697216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697216" title="Zemaitis">
Zemaitis

Zemaitis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9697221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697221" title="Tom Pappas">
Tom Pappas

Tom Pappas (born September 6, 1976 in Azalea, Oregon) is an American track & field decathlete.
Pappas won the gold medal at the 2003 World Championships held outside Paris, France, and was rated number 1 in the world that year by Track & Field News. He is a four-time US champion (2000, 2002, 2003, 2006) and was the 1999 NCAA champion while attending the University of Tennessee. He finished fifth at the 2000 Olympic decathlon, and competed in but did not finish the decathlon due to a foot injury at the 2004 Olympic Games. His personal best in the decathlon is 8,784 points while winning the 2003 US Championships held at Stanford University, CA.
He won the 2003 Jesse Owens Award from USATF, signifying he was Athlete of the Year.
Tom Pappas is currently an assistant track & field coach at Kansas State University for jumps and combined events.
He placed 3rd at the United States Olympic Trials in the Decathlon in Eugene, Oregon in July, 2008 to qualify for the Beijing Olympics in August.
Pappas also was unable to complete the decathlon in Beijing due to injury in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9697247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697247" title="Abbotsford Virtual School">
Abbotsford Virtual School

Abbotsford Virtual School (abbreviated as AVS) is a Distributed Learning school, located in Abbotsford, British Columbia, that provides collaborative educational programs for Kindergarten to Grade 12 students and any BC resident wanting to complete courses to graduate. All adults can take some courses at AVS for free and courses can lead to an adult graduation. Abbotsford Virtual School offers online courses, as well as "any pace, any place" paper-based courses. Virtual courses are teacher-paced, semester-based courses which operate like a regular high school course but delivered through the Internet. Teachers and students remain connected through the semester via e-mail, text message, Skype, and Collaborate.
History of Abbotsford Virtual School.
Abbotsford Virtual School is an amalgamation of three Abbotsford School District school programs: W. J. Mouat Virtual School, Rick Hansen eSchool and Abbotsford Electronic School. In 2001-2002, Des McKay (retired Superintendent and former Principal of W. J. Mouat) and Rob Comeau (current Principal, W. J. Mouat) lead a school-based initiative with several teachers at W. J. Mouat Secondary School to teach courses in an online environment. Three courses were created: Principles of Mathematics 11, Chemistry 11 and CAPP 11/12. By 2006-2007, Abbotsford Virtual School expanded to 25 courses. Student success rate for completion was in the 90% plus range. Rick Hansen Secondary School developed several online courses in a different format obtaining high success rates as well. Abbotsford Electronic School spawned from home-based learner programs in Abbotsford to a home-learner support school. Nearly 300 students were enrolled by 2005-2006. Principal Don Martyn of the Abbotsford Electronic School helped to amalgamate these three programs into Abbotsford Virtual School.
Staff and Location.
Abbotsford Virtual School is located at 33952 Pine Street, near the historic centre of Abbotsford, on the site formerly known as Philip Sheffield Elementary School. Mr. Brad Hutchinson is the current Principal. The school has 3 full-time teachers dealing with home-educated learners and 18 online teachers. Some of the online teachers are part-time, having a face-to-face teaching assignment in one of the School District #34 (Abbotsford) high schools.
Unique Programs.
Abbotsford Virtual School offers several unique programs. Spanish Language and many IT courses are available online. The Animation and Game Design programs are offered by industry experts.

</doc>
<doc id="9697252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697252" title="Structure editor">
Structure editor

A structure editor, also structured editor or projectional editor, is any document editor that is cognizant of the document’s underlying structure. Structure editors can be used to edit hierarchical or marked up text, computer programs, diagrams, chemical formulas, and any other type of content with clear and well-defined structure. In contrast, a text editor is any document editor used for editing plain text files.
Typically, the benefits of text and structure editing are combined in the user interface of a single hybrid tool. For example, Emacs is fundamentally a text editor, but supports the manipulation of words, sentences, and paragraphs as structures that are inferred from the text. Conversely, Dreamweaver is fundamentally a structure editor for marked up web documents, but supports the display and manipulation of raw HTML text as well. Similarly, molecule editors typically support both graphical and textual input. Structure editing predominates when content is graphical and textual representations are awkward, e.g., CAD systems and PowerPoint. Text editing predominates when content is largely devoid of structure, e.g., text fields in web forms. WYSIWYG word processing systems such as Word, which appear to edit formatted text directly, are essentially structure editors for the underlying marked-up text.
In linguistics, syntax is the study of the structure of grammatical utterances, and accordingly syntax-directed editor is a synonym for structure editor. Language-based editor and language-sensitive editor are also synonyms. A language-based editor’s features may be implemented by ad hoc code or by a formal grammar. For example, language sensitivity in Emacs is implemented in the Lisp definition of the edit mode for the given language. In contrast, language sensitivity in an XML editor is driven by a formal DTD schema for the given language.
Although structured editors allow the viewing and manipulation of the underlying document in a structured manner, the file format in which the document is stored on disk may or may not be heavily structured and may or may not be open or standardized (e.g., plain text versus Microsoft Word documents).
Source code editors.
Structure editing has often been employed in source code editors, as source code is naturally structured by the syntax of the computer language. However, most source code editors are instead text editors with additional features such as syntax highlighting and code folding, rather than structure editors. The editors in some integrated development environments parse the source code and generate a parse tree, allowing the same analysis as by a structure editor, but the actual editing of the source code is generally done as raw text.
Each programming language typically has a well-defined syntax given by a context-free grammar, and accordingly the meaningful structural elements in source code written in the language correspond to the grammatical phrases in the text. Early syntax-directed source code editors included Interlisp-D (for Lisp’s limited syntax) and Emily (for PL/I’s rich syntax).
A syntax-directed editor may treat grammar rules as generative (e.g., offering the user templates that correspond to one or more steps in a formal derivation of program text) or proscriptive (e.g., preventing a phrase of a given part of speech from being moved to a context where another part of speech is required) or analytic (e.g., parsing textual edits to create a structured representation). Structure editing features in source code editors make it harder to write programs with invalid syntax. Language-sensitive editors may impose syntactic correctness as an absolute requirement (e.g., as did Mentor), or may tolerate syntax errors after issuing a warning (e.g., as did the Cornell Program Synthesizer). Strict structured editors often make it difficult to perform edits that are easy to perform with plain text editors, which is one of the factors contributing to the lack of adoption of structured editing in some domains, such as source code editing.
Some syntax-directed editors monitor compliance with the context-sensitive constraints of a language such as type correctness. Such static-semantic constraints may be specified imperatively by actions (e.g., as in Gandalf), or declaratively by an attribute grammar (e.g., as in the Synthesizer Generator) or by unification in a many-sorted algebra (e.g., as in PSG ) or a logic program (e.g., as in Centaur and Pan), with compliance checked by the underlying editing machinery. Structured editors vary in the degree to which they allow its users to perform edits that cause the document to become syntactically or semantically incorrect.
It is common for a language sensitive editor to represent a document as a parse tree with respect to language’s grammar, or as an abstract syntax tree (AST). For example, a DOM tree is essentially an AST with respect to a given DTD. Frequently, the textual view of that underlying tree is generated by prettyprinting the underlying tree. Editors associated with intentional programming and language-oriented programming for general-purpose languages and domain-specific languages share many of the features of language-sensitive editors, but aim for greater separation between the underlying representation (the intention) and the surface representation (text in a programming language).

</doc>
<doc id="9697291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697291" title="Woodrow the Woodsman">
Woodrow the Woodsman

Woodrow the Woodsman was a local children's television program host in Cleveland and Detroit from 1961 to 1972, and again in 1997-2000. Lead actor J. Clayton "Clay" Conroy (born 1918 in Jersey City, New Jersey) attended the Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts, and later the New England Conservatory of Music, where his instrument was the trombone. He moved to Cleveland in 1959, and got his start as a supporting character on Linn Sheldon's Barnaby the Leprechaun program on KYW-TV. He branched off with his own show, "Woodrow," in 1961, and remained with Barnaby on Saturdays in "Barnwood Playhouse," moving to Detroit in 1966 shortly after the station was sold.
His show ran through 1972 (returning to Cleveland as "Hey Woody" that year), and was revived for three years starting in 1997 after a chance encounter with a Canton television executive (David Little), who had loved the show as a child. Remarkably, Conroy still had all of his original props and costumes in his basement, including the puppets who were regular characters on the show: Tarkington Whom Owl, Voracious the Elephant, and Freddie the Alley-Croc. The puppet characters were voiced by fellow Cleveland actor Lawson J. Deming from 1961–66, and Canton native Dr. Thomas E. Grove from 1997 - 2000. Deming went on to portray the popular horror movie host Sir Graves Ghastly for 15 years on Detroit television.

</doc>
<doc id="9697301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697301" title="International MXT-MV">
International MXT-MV

The MXT-MV (Military Extreme Truck - Military Version) was introduced in 2006. Part of International Truck's Military Vehicles line, it is an International MXT extensively modified for military duty, transportable by C-130.
Variants.
Both variants are available with three different cab configurations: Standard, Extended Cab, and Crew Cab.
MXT-MV.
Standard, unarmored version.
MXT-MVA (Armored).
The Plasan Sasa designed armored version, the MXT-MVA, has the choice of two removable armor kits, dubbed A-Kit and B-Kit, with increasing levels of protection against bullets, mines, and IEDs.
Husky TSV.
The Husky is a variant of the MXT-MVA modified to satisfy the UK MoD's Tactical Support Vehicles (TSV) requirements for the British Army.
M-ATV.
Navistar built its rejected M-ATV candidate sharing some powertrain & suspension components with the MXT, but with a completely unique chassis. This protection system was designed by Navistar rather than their normal MXT and MRAP partner, Plasan.

</doc>
<doc id="9697310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697310" title="Roger Tiefensee">
Roger Tiefensee

Roger Tiefensee (born 1967) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002. After the Swedish general election, 2006, he was named the Centre Party's parliamentary group leader.

</doc>
<doc id="9697316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697316" title="Enrico Rocca">
Enrico Rocca

Enrico Rocca (b. Turin, 21 April 1847 – Genova, 9 June 1915) was an Italian violin maker of the 19th and the 20th Centuries and son of Giuseppe Rocca.
Although he worked differently from his father Giuseppe Rocca, Enrico's work takes more inspiration from Eugenio Praga. 
Enrico Rocca was son of Giuseppe, who is considered probably the most important maker of the 19th century; Enrico had a very hard life and he wasn't trained all the way by his father.
The loss of his father at the age of 19 forced him to run away from his family. He ended up working as a boatman, a sailor, a ship carpenter (for many years) and a woodworker. He opened his workshop in 1878.
After twenty years passed on the docks of the port of Genova, he began violin making building mainly six strings lombard mandolins and guitars; he started making violins only after 1890. 
By the turn of the century and after Praga's death (1901), Enrico Rocca became the pre-eminent violin maker in Genoa.
His work is always dominated by a great spontaneity and reveals a strong personality. He was consistent in his production as well as style till his death.
His preferred models were Guarneri, Stradivari and Amati.
Enrico Rocca's instruments are much appreciated today.
Quotes.
"There’s no evidence of pupils, but it seems highly likely that Eugenio Praga had occasionally relied on the collaboration of Enrico Rocca, since there are many similarities in their technique and in the models used. " - Alberto Giordano

</doc>
<doc id="9697324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697324" title="Slussplan">
Slussplan

Slussplan (Swedish: "Lock's Space/Plane") is a street in Stockholm, Sweden. Located on the southern end of Gamla stan, the old town, and just north of Slussen and the public square Karl Johans Torg, it stretches west from Skeppsbron to Katarinavägen and Munkbroleden. South of the street is the statue of Charles XIV John, the creation of Bengt Erland Fogelberg and inaugurated in 1954. Järntorgsgatan leads north to the square Järntorget.
History.
While the street was created together with the statue in 1854 as a by-product of Nils Ericsson's construction of the third lock guiding the water flow from Lake Mälaren to the Baltic Sea, the name came into official use in 1872. An alley named "Kvarnhusgatan" passing between the block north of the street and a mill was discontinued together with the latter. The street and the area around it was considerably altered following the reconstruction of the Slussen area completed in 1935.
The botanist and zoologist Carolus Linnaeus (1707–1778), while living on Österlånggatan during the period 1738-1741, had his consulting rooms in the so-called "Räntmästarhuset" (literally: "Interest Master's Stairs", meaning: "Stairs of the Director of the Financial Administration"), once located on number 9. Before departing for Uppsala he handed the residence over to his relative Emanuel Swedenborg (1668–1772). The commemorative tile on the location is however erroneous in several aspects.

</doc>
<doc id="9697332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697332" title="Staffan Danielsson">
Staffan Danielsson

Staffan Danielsson (born 1947) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, and a member of the Riksdag since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9697347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697347" title="Albert Spalding (violinist)">
Albert Spalding (violinist)

Albert Spalding (August 15, 1888 – May 26, 1953) was an American violinist and composer.
Biography.
Spalding was born in Chicago, Illinois, in 1888. His mother, Marie Boardman, was a contralto and pianist. His father, James Walter Spalding, and uncle, Hall-of-Fame baseball pitcher Albert Spalding, created the A.G. Spalding sporting goods company.
Spalding studied the violin privately in New York City and Florence, and at the conservatories in Paris and Bologna; the latter graduated him with honors when he was fourteen. Following his debut in Paris on June 6, 1906, he appeared successfully in London and Vienna. His first American appearance as soloist came with the New York Symphony on November 8, 1908. A year later he soloed with the Dresden Philharmonic Orchestra when that orchestra toured the United States. In 1916, he was recognized as a national honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, the national fraternity for men in music. During World War I, Spalding served in the U.S. Army Air Corps (at one point as aide-de-camp to Major Fiorello La Guardia) and would eventually be awarded the Cross of the Crown of Italy.
Not long after his return to the United States, he married Mary Vanderhoef Pyle on July 19, 1919, in Ridgefield, Connecticut. French violinist Jacques Thibaud and Andre Benoist, Spalding's accompanist, provided the music for the ceremony. In 1920, Spalding appeared on the European tour of the New York Symphony. In 1922, he became the first American violinist to appear with the Paris Conservatory Orchestra; a year later he was the first American to serve on a jury at the Paris Conservatory, helping to award prizes to the graduating class of violinists. In February 1941, he premiered the violin concerto of Samuel Barber.
Upon the United States' involvement in World War II, Assistant Secretary of State Adolf Berle successfully urged Spalding to accept an assignment with the Office of Strategic Services. He was posted to London, for six weeks, and then served in North Africa until he was ordered to Naples where he was attached to the Psychological Warfare Division of SHAEF. In 1944, Spalding gave a legendary concert to thousands of terrified refugees stranded in a cave near Naples during a bombing raid.
Following a concert in New York on May 26, 1950, Spalding announced his retirement from the concert stage. Thereafter, he taught master classes at Boston University College of Music and, in the winter months, at Florida State University. He died in New York in 1953, at the age of 64.
He was a National Patron of Delta Omicron, an international professional music fraternity.
Works.
Spalding wrote several musical compositions including a suite for orchestra, two violin concerti and a String Quartet in E Minor. He also wrote an autobiography, "Rise to Follow", published in 1946. His novel about Giuseppe Tartini, "A Fiddle, a Sword, and a Lady", appeared in 1953.
Recordings.
Individual 78 RPM sides and album sets.
During the 78 era, when the maximum capacity of a single ordinary record side or cylinder was less than five minutes, Spalding recorded extensively for Edison Records, with some issues on cylinders and many more on diamond discs. Most featured short works or encore pieces that could fit on a single record side. These recordings were all by the acoustical process, as well as vertically-cut, through 1925, but he made his first electrical recordings in 1926 for Brunswick Records using that company's problematic "Light-Ray" system. After his unsatisfactory experience with Brunswick, Spalding went back to Edison and made a very few electrical Edison "Needle Cut" lateral recordings in late 1928. These were much better recorded than Spalding's Brunswicks, but were issued only for a very short time—from August to November 1929—and are exceedingly rare today. Following the Edison company's demise in November 1929, he recorded a handful of more extended works broken across multiple sides for RCA Victor Records.
Long playing records.
Spalding's role as a leading Edison artist secured him representation on the first long-playing records: Edison's commercially ill-fated long-playing diamond discs, introduced in 1926, which were capable of playing up to 20 minutes per side at 80 RPM. Because, like all material on these pioneering records, his selections were dubbed from standard diamond disc masters, they represented the same short pieces in his standard catalogue.
At the end of his life, Spalding again appeared on LP records, this time budget issues by small labels, but performing more substantial fare. Particularly of note are his accounts of the Beethoven and Brahms violin concerti recorded for Remington Records in Vienna, Austria's Brahms Hall in 1952, his last recording sessions. In both, Wilhelm Loibner conducted an ensemble billed as the Austrian Symphony Orchestra. For the same company Spalding earlier recorded the three Brahms violin sonatas with pianist Ernő Dohnányi; selected Brahms Hungarian Dances with pianists Dohnányi and Anthony Kooiker, who toured with Spalding for four years; and a collection of music by Tartini, Corelli, and J.S. Bach, some in his own arrangements, with Kooiker. A recital of short pieces issued on the Halo label, with accompanist Jules Wolffers, captures Spalding's voice as he announces two of the works.

</doc>
<doc id="9697359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697359" title="2007 Arena Football League season">
2007 Arena Football League season

The 2007 Arena Football League season was the 21st season of the Arena Football League. The regular season began play on March 1, 2007 and concluded on June 25. The league broke its regular-season total attendance record of 1,887,054.
Following a year-long hiatus last year in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, the New Orleans VooDoo franchise resumed play this season to return the league to a 19-team format. New Orleans also hosted ArenaBowl XXI.
The league champions were the San Jose SaberCats, who defeated the Columbus Destroyers in ArenaBowl XXI.
Final standings.
"Source: ArenaFan.com"
Statistics.
Running Backs.
Mrs.Dykstra

</doc>
<doc id="9697361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697361" title="Margareta Andersson">
Margareta Andersson

Margareta Andersson (born 1948) is a Swedish Centre Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1995 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9697373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697373" title="Château de la Rochepot">
Château de la Rochepot

The Château de la Rochepot is a 13th-century castle, later converted into a "château", in the "commune" of La Rochepot in the Côte d'Or "département" in Burgundy, France. It lies on the N6 to the south west of the town of Beaune.
The castle was built in the 13th century on an outcrop of limestone to the north of the village of La Rochepot. As with many castles, it fell into ruin and it was only restored in the 19th century by the Carnot family. It is open to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="9697380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697380" title="Agne Hansson">
Agne Hansson

Agne Hansson (born 1938) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1982–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9697407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697407" title="Vincenzo II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua">
Vincenzo II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua

Vincenzo II Gonzaga (January 7, 1594 – December 25, 1627) was Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat from 1626 until his death.
He was the son of Duke Vincent I and Eleonora de' Medici and inherited the duchy at the death of his elder brother Ferdinand, receiving the imperial investiture on February 8, 1627. He had also received a cardinalate on Ferdinando's succession, but had dismissed it in 1616 to be able to marry his relative Isabella Gonzaga, daughter of Alfonso Gonzaga, Count of Novellara.
Conscious of his unstable health, the childless Vincenzo set up a descendance for his lands through the marriage of his niece Mary (daughter of the former Duke Francis IV) with Charles of Nevers' son Charles of Gonzaga-Nevers. The elder Charles was a cousin of his father. Vincent died on the marriage day of Mary and Charles.
The Order of the Redeemer 
Vincenzo I Gonzaga was a member of the chivalry equestrian order of Toson d'Oro. He had been given the honour of being part of this order of knighthood by the Grand Master Philip the second, King of Spain in 1589 after paying the enormous amount of 300,000 golden scudos. Not yet happy with that, he decided to fund his own equestrian order named "of the Redeemer" or " del Preziosissimo Lateral Sangue di Cristo", after the relic of the Holy Blood of Christ kept in Mantua . He took this decision,during the luxurious celebrations organized during the wedding between his first born son and heir and the infanta of the Savoy family. That new equestrian order was to represent the spirit of brotherhood. Its distinctive feature was a collar with golden medals chained one to the other. The medals showed two symbols alternatively: one medal showed the device of the melting pot surrounded by flames, where some golden bars were being melted while the other was decorated by the letters D.P., initial letters of the motto DOMINE PROBASTI ET COGNOVISTI ME taken from Psalm 138. 
There was a pendant hanging from the collar, too. It was a golden medal showing two angels holding a reliquary with three drops of Christ's blood in it. The medal had the motto NIHIL ISTO TRISTE RECEPTO on it. 
The members of this equestrian order used to wear vivid red outfits, wide in shape and long to the ground. The dress was then topped by a coat in the same colour with little flames scattered all lover thus making their attire very remarkable and striking. 
Today the Head of House Maffei Gonzaga is Prince Luca Maffei Gonzaga and He is Grand Master of the Order of the Redeemer
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9697411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697411" title="Klassiker 1 (Classics 1)">
Klassiker 1 (Classics 1)

Klassiker 1 (Classics 1) is the second compilation album, and the eighth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1993. With the exception of a few songs included on the 1988 compilation, "10 Years After", this was the first time Jerusalem's first two albums had been released on CD. Some tracks were dropped to fit both albums onto one disc.
Track listing.
Swedish version.
Tracks 1-10 from "Jerusalem" ("Dagarna går" and "Fångsång" were dropped)
Tracks 11-17 from "Volym 2" ("Kärlekssång" and "Dialog" were dropped)
English version.
Tracks 1-10 from "Volume 1" ("Days Passing By" was dropped)
Tracks 11-17 from "Volume 2" ("Love Song" and "Dialogue (Between One Person)" were dropped)

</doc>
<doc id="9697412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697412" title="Johan Linander">
Johan Linander

Johan Linander (born 1974) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9697420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697420" title="Sampson the Hospitable">
Sampson the Hospitable

Sampson the Hospitable (died c. 530) was a citizen of Constantinople who devoted his time to serving the poor of the city. He is venerated as a saint in the Eastern Churches.
Life.
Sampson was born in Rome to a prominent family. He was a physician who devoted much of his time to helping the poor and sick. He turned his home into a free clinic, providing his patients with food and lodging as well as medical care. He was later ordained a priest by the patriarch. 
When the Byzantine emperor Justinian the Great became ill he sent for Sampson to cure him. He was the only physician in the city to do the emperor any good, and the emperor wanted to reward him. Sampson requested that the emperor help him establish a new hospital for the poor. With the emperor's assistance Sampson founded the hospital, which became the largest free clinic in the empire and served the people of Constantinople for 600 years.
Sampson was buried in the Church of the Holy Martyr Mocius in Constantinople. It was on his feast day that Peter the Great defeated Charles XII of Sweden in the Battle of Poltava. This led to his veneration in Russia, including the construction of St Sampson's Cathedral in St. Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9697432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697432" title="Kinross and West Perthshire by-election, 1963">
Kinross and West Perthshire by-election, 1963

The Kinross and West Perthshire by-election of 7 November 1963 was a by-election to the House of Commons. It was unique among by-elections since 1918 in that one of the candidates was the sitting Prime Minister, Sir Alec Douglas-Home; he was nominated for the constituency after disclaiming a peerage, as he felt he needed to be a member of the Commons rather than the House of Lords during his premiership. Douglas-Home won the election.
Candidates.
The by-election was caused when Scottish Office Minister Gilmour Leburn died while on holiday on 15 August 1963. The constituency of Kinross and West Perthshire, a large rural area at the southern end of the Scottish Highlands, was the safest Conservative seat in Scotland (majority 12,248 in 1959) and a plum seat for any Conservative candidate.
On 11 September, the Executive of Kinross and West Perthshire Unionist Association selected Hon. George Younger, an heir of the Scottish aristocracy who was 31 and looking to make a start in national politics. On 11 October the required notice was given to the Speaker of the vacancy (the House being in recess) so that the writ for a new election would be issued. On 17 October the full membership of the Unionist Association adopted Younger as its candidate.
However, the emergence of The Earl of Home as the new Leader of the Conservative Party and his appointment as Prime Minister on 19 October led to a sudden requirement to find him a seat in the House of Commons. Douglas-Home's Scottish ancestry made him look with particular interest at Kinross and West Perthshire; speculation earlier in the week had already linked him with it. On Sunday 20 October, Younger announced his offer to withdraw in favour of Home, an offer which was graciously accepted. Younger was later selected for Ayr, which he represented from 1964 to 1992. On 23 October, Home executed an instrument of disclaimer under the Peerage Act 1963, becoming Sir Alec Douglas-Home. The new session of Parliament was delayed to await the outcome of the by-election.
The Labour Party chose Andrew Forrester, a schoolteacher from Glasgow who was 25 and Chairman of Scotstoun Young Socialists. The Liberal Party nominated Alistair Duncan Millar, who farmed in Perthshire. The Scottish National Party leader Arthur Donaldson, a 62 year old journalist who had fought Dundee in the 1945 general election, was also nominated.
With a sitting Prime Minister fighting a by-election, interest was high and three additional candidates stood. Willie Rushton, the satirist and broadcaster, was put up as an Independent candidate by "Private Eye" magazine. Ian Smith, a 43-year-old former Wing Commander in the Royal Air Force and now garage owner of Callander, stood as an Independent Unionist. A last-minute candidate appeared in the shape of Richard Wort, a schoolmaster from Wimbledon who stood as an Independent right-wing candidate; his nomination paper was handed in with 29 minutes to spare.
On the eve of poll, Willie Rushton announced that he was retiring from the contest, and endorsed Liberal Party candidate Alistair Duncan Millar, who he thought stood the best chance of defeating Douglas-Home.
Result.
The result was declared from the County Buildings in Perth, shortly after noon on Friday 8 November. Douglas-Home won with a majority of 9,328, and all but he and the Labour and Liberal candidates forfeited their deposits. He went on to represent the constituency until the October 1974 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="9697440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697440" title="Lars-Ivar Ericsson">
Lars-Ivar Ericsson

Lars-Ivar Ericsson (born 1948) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9697451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697451" title="Narisoa Rajaonarivony">
Narisoa Rajaonarivony

Narisoa Rajaonarivony was a Malagasy diplomat and politician who died on February 27 2011. He was Madagascar's Ambassador to France. Previously he was Deputy Prime Minister in charge of the Economy, Finance and the Budget in 2002, then Ambassador to the United States beginning in 2003.
Rajaonarivony was a long-time associate of Marc Ravalomanana; together with Ravalomanana, he founded the Tiko Farm in 1988. When Ravalomanana, who claimed to have won the December 2001 presidential election against President Didier Ratsiraka, was sworn in as President by his supporters (despite Ratsiraka's continuing claims to the office), he appointed Rajaonarivony as Deputy Prime Minister in charge of the Economy, Finance and the Budget in his first government, named on March 1, 2002. Rajaonarivony left the government on October 7, 2002. On February 26, 2003, he became Ambassador to the United States; he additionally presented his credentials as Ambassador to Colombia to Colombian President Álvaro Uribe on November 21, 2003 and as Ambassador to Mexico to Mexican President Vicente Fox on August 18, 2004.
After five years as Ambassador to the US, Rajaonarivony was appointed as Ambassador to France in early January 2008; he was additionally accredited for Spain, the United Kingdom, the Vatican City, and Israel. After a significant wait, he presented his credentials to French President Nicolas Sarkozy on 22 April 2008. He also presented his credentials as Ambassador to the Vatican City to Pope Benedict XVI on 18 December 2008. After Ravalomanana's March 2009 ouster, President Andry Rajoelina dismissed Rajaonarivony, who was considered a Ravalomanana loyalist, from his posting in France on 27 March 2009. However, in mid-May 2009, the High Constitutional Court ruled that he and four other dismissed ambassadors should remain in their posts.
Rajaonarivony was an alumnus of Auburn University, University of Pittsburgh and the University of Madagascar. He was married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9697491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697491" title="Annika Qarlsson">
Annika Qarlsson

Annika Qarlsson (born 1964) is a Swedish Centre Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9697512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697512" title="Claes Västerteg">
Claes Västerteg

Claes Västerteg (born 1972) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9697527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697527" title="Koropi, Magnesia">
Koropi, Magnesia

Koropi (, before 1927: Μπούφα - "Boufa") is a village in the municipal unit of Milies, Magnesia regional unit, Greece. Koropi is situated on the Pelion peninsula, on the coast of the Pagasetic Gulf. Its population in 2001 was 398. Koropi is 2 km southeast of Kala Nera, 4 km east of Milies and 19 km southeast of Volos. The name Koropi was taken from the ancient city Korope, which dates from the 8th century BC. It was a small city that had a Temple of Apollo.

</doc>
<doc id="9697533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697533" title="Crooklyn (soundtrack)">
Crooklyn (soundtrack)

Crooklyn is the title of the soundtrack to the 1994 Spike Lee film of the same name. The soundtrack was released in two parts. Volume One was released May 10, 1994 just prior to the film's release and Volume Two was released in 1995, both on MCA Records. The soundtrack albums feature music that was popular during the 1970s, two exceptions being "Crooklyn" by The Crooklyn Dodgers and "People Make the World Go Round" by Marc Dorsey, both of which were recorded specifically for the film. The two albums comprise 28 songs from the film, though some tracks, such as "Hey Joe" by The Jimi Hendrix Experience are omitted from both releases.

</doc>
<doc id="9697537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697537" title="Jonathan Wilson (musician)">
Jonathan Wilson (musician)

Jonathan Wilson is an American musician and producer who was born in Forest City, North Carolina in 1974.
Solo artist.
Wilson released his album "Gentle Spirit" on Bella Union on August 8, 2011 in the UK & Europe and on September 13, 2011 in the US. The album debuted at number 15 on the UK Indie Chart and was awarded the #4 spot on "Mojos 2011 Best Albums of the Year list. "Gentle Spirit" features many special guests including Barry Goldberg, Chris Robinson, Gary Louris, Andy Cabic, Otto Hauser, Josh Grange, Gary Mallaber, Z Berg, Adam McDougall, Johnathan Rice, among others. Jonathan was named "Uncut Magazines 2011 "New Artist of the Year".
In April 2012, Wilson released "Pity Trials and Tomorrow's Child", a limited edition vinyl EP on Bella Union for Record Store Day 2012. American Songwriter Magazine named it, "Five Things To Look For On Record Store Day". One of the album's three tracks, a cover of George Harrison's "Isn't It A Pity", includes guest vocals by Graham Nash.
Wilson also completed a solo album titled "Frankie Ray" in 2007. The record was never officially released.
In August 2012, Jonathan was featured as a guest of "Move Me Brightly", a tribute to Jerry Garcia in honor of his 70th birthday. The event was held at Bob Weir's TRI Studios in Marin County, California and featured other guests and musicians including Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Donna Jean Godchaux, Jeff Chimenti, and many others. In June 2012, Jonathan and his band were invited by Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers to support them on their 2012 European tour, which included 2 sold out nights at Royal Albert Hall.
In the fall of 2011, Wilson was invited by Roy Harper as a special guest at Royal Festival Hall as part of Harper's sold out 70th birthday celebration. Wilson also toured with Wilco in the fall of 2011 for 15 shows across the UK & Europe. In July 2011 Wilson performed and collaborated with Jackson Browne and Dawes on a mini tour throughout Spain. Wilson performed at the 2011 benefit concert for Musicians United for Safe Energy at Shoreline Amphitheater joining Crosby, Stills & Nash, Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, John Hall, The Doobie Brothers, Jason Mraz, Tom Morello, Kitaro, Sweet Honey In The Rock and others. Wilson was joined onstage by Jackson Browne and Graham Nash to perform his song "Gentle Spirit". Wilson also joined Crosby, Stills & Nash, Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt and others for the concert's finale, "Teach Your Children".
In 2010 and 2011, Wilson collaborated with Erykah Badu in the studio on several songs, only one of which was officially released. Wilson also appeared as a special guest with Erykah Badu at her 2011 Coachella performance.
In October 2013, Wilson released his second album, "Fanfare", on Downtown Records and Bella Union. The album debuted at #8 on the UK Indie Chart, #50 on the UK Overall Chart, #18 in the Norway Overall Chart and #49 in the Netherlands in its first week. Uncut Magazine and Rolling Stone Germany named "Fanfare" its Album of the Month the month of its release. The album features contributions from David Crosby, Graham Nash, Jackson Browne, Mike Campbell, Benmont Tench, Father John Misty, Taylor Goldsmith (Dawes) and Patrick Sansone (Wilco). The album also features Wilson's band, including Jason Borger, Omar Cowan, Richard Gowen and Dan Horne. British folk legend Roy Harper wrote the lyrics to the song "New Mexico".
Producer.
Wilson currently maintains his recording studio, Fivestar Studios, in Echo Park, Los Angeles, which he relocated from its original location in Laurel Canyon in 2009. The space is renowned for its sound and analog recording equipment. 
Over several months in 2013 and 2014, Wilson produced and played on Conor Oberst's new album "Upside Down Mountain" released on Nonesuch Records in May 2014. The album was recorded at Wilson's Fivestar Studios in Los Angeles and Blackbird Studios in Nashville.
In 2013 Wilson produced "Jubilee", the fifth album from Canadian band, The Deep Dark Woods in Alberta, Canada. 
In 2012, Wilson co-produced and played on Roy Harper's latest album, Man and Myth (Bella Union, 2013) at Fivestar Studios. In the same year, Wilson produced a Glen Campbell session at Fivestar Studios for Daytrotter. 
In 2011, Wilson co-produced and played on the debut Father John Misty record, Fear Fun released on Sub Pop, at Fivestar Studios. 
In 2010, Wilson produced and collaborated with Bonnie 'Prince' Billy on a series of songs for release on Spiritual Pajamas Records, a boutique 7" label associated with Folk Yeah Presents. Wilson recorded and produced Dawes' debut album, "North Hills", at his Laurel Canyon studio. That same year, Wilson recorded and produced Dawes' second album, "Nothing Is Wrong", at Five Star Studio. 
As part of Wilson's project, "What You Need Is What You Have, The Songs of Roy Harper", Wilson has produced songs performed by Will Oldham, Andy Cabic, Chris Robinson, Benji Hughes, Dawes, Jenny O., Johnathan Rice, Josh Tillman, and others. Wilson also produced Jason Boesel's album, "Hustler's Son", Mia Doi Todd's album "Cosmic Ocean Ship" and mixed Goodnight Lenin's debut album, In The Fullness Of Time, due for release in late 2014. Wilson has also recorded and/or produced many other artists in his studio, including Gerald Johnson, James Gadson, and Josh Tillman.
Muscadine.
Wilson founded the band Muscadine with Benji Hughes in 1995. The band released their debut album, "The Ballad of Hope Nicholls", for Sire Records in 1998.
Other music projects.
Wilson is currently curating a collection of songs as part of "What You Need Is What You Have, The Songs of Roy Harper", a Roy Harper tribute album that includes songs performed by Will Oldham, Andy Cabic, Chris Robinson, Benji Hughes, Dawes, Jenny O., Johnathan Rice, Josh Tillman, and others. Wilson was a member of The Emerald Triangle, a touring collaboration with Andy Cabic, Johnathan Rice, Neal Casal, and Husky. In addition, Wilson has recorded projects and/or performed with Johnathan Rice for Reprise Records, Chris Robinson of the Black Crowes and Phil Lesh from the Grateful Dead, Ramblin' Jack Elliott, and Bert Jansch. In April 2011, Wilson performed with Robbie Robertson and Dawes on CBS's "Late Show with David Letterman", ABC's "The View" and "Later... with Jools Holland" in support of Robertson's album "How to Become Clairvoyant".
Laurel Canyon.
Wilson is credited with revitalizing the Laurel Canyon music scene with the help of his many friends and is featured in the 2009 book "Canyon of Dreams" by rock historian Harvey Kubernik. Wilson had hosted private jam sessions at his compound in Laurel Canyon that involved Andy Cabic, Pat Sansone and John Stirratt of Wilco, Gerald Johnson, Johnathan Rice, Gary Louris and Mark Olson of The Jayhawks,
Chris Robinson of The Black Crowes, David Rawlings, Benmont Tench of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Jakob Dylan, and other notable artists who've played professionally with and/or in The Electric Flag, Paul Butterfield Blues Band, Van Morrison, The Cars, Bruce Springsteen, Steve Miller Band, and Pearl Jam. The jam was founded by Wilson and Chris Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="9697546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697546" title="Birgitta Carlsson">
Birgitta Carlsson

Birgitta Carlsson (born 1943) is a Swedish Centre Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1991 until 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9697553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697553" title="Get'em Daddy">
Get'em Daddy

"Get'em Daddy" was the first single from Cam'ron's album Killa Season. In the remix of the song he tells about the night he was shot in Washington, D.C. It also features Jim Jones, J.R. Writer & Hell Rell in the remix.

</doc>
<doc id="9697582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697582" title="Viviann Gerdin">
Viviann Gerdin

Viviann Gerdin (born 1944) is a Swedish Centre Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1998 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9697585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697585" title="Lake Sukhodolskoye">
Lake Sukhodolskoye

Lake Sukhodolskoye (; ) is a narrow 40 km long lake on the Karelian Isthmus located in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia. It is a part of the Vuoksi River basin, constituting its southern armlet, and drained by Burnaya River.
Originally waters of Lake Suvanto (Lake Sukhodolskoye) quietly flowed into Vuoksi through a waterway at Kiviniemi. However, in 1818 the channel that had been dug to drain spring flood waters from Suvanto into Lake Ladoga unexpectedly turned into Taipaleenjoki (Burnaya River), which started draining Suvanto and decreased its level by 7 m. The Kiviniemi waterway dried out. In 1857 a channel was dug there, but the stream reversed direction, revealed rapids and rendered navigation at Kiviniemi impossible. Since 1857 Lake Sukhodolskoye and Burnaya River have constituted the southern armlet of Vuoksi River, which has decreased the level of the original northern armlet flowing through Priozersk by 4 m.

</doc>
<doc id="9697621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697621" title="Sofia Larsen">
Sofia Larsen

Sofia Larsen (born 1972) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9697626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697626" title="James Beatty (engineer)">
James Beatty (engineer)

James Beatty (1820 – 11 March 1856) was an Irish railway engineer.
The son of a doctor from Enniskillen, Beatty was first employed in 1842 at the age of 22 by Peto and Betts on building the Norwich and Lowestoft line. In 1853 he was in Nova Scotia surveying the European and North American Railway and despite adverse weather conditions, the line was staked out in good time. Towards the end of 1854 he was appointed by Peto, Brassey and Betts as Chief Engineer of the Grand Crimean Central Railway, built to convey supplies to the Allied forces in the Crimean War. He arrived in Balaklava in January 1855 to join Donald Campbell and his team who had already started to survey the line. Beatty's energy and enthusiasm ensured that the line, which included a stretch at a gradient of 1 in 14, was laid in a very short time.
In April Beatty was involved in an accident on the line when a train went out of control. He sustained an injury which appeared originally not to be serious but he never fully recovered from it. With the railway substantially complete in November he was still far from well and he left for England. His condition continued to deteriorate and he died in March 1856 at the age of 35 from an aortic aneurysm which was possibly the result of the accident.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9697643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697643" title="Jack Crooks">
Jack Crooks

John Charles "Jack" Crooks (November 9, 1865 – February 2, 1918) was an American Major League Baseball infielder born in St. Paul, Minnesota. He played mainly as a second base, but did spend some time playing third base for four different teams during his eight seasons ranging from to . Crooks also amassed a career on-base percentage of .386 despite a Batting average of just .240, due to large part to the high walks totals he compiled.
Crooks was well known in his era as an extremely patient hitter, often fouling off many pitches until he got one that he could hit. This approach led him to draw many walks (also, "bases on balls," or BB), in fact, he held the record for walks by rookie second basemen as well, when he walked 96 times for the Columbus Solons of the American Association in 1890. He held this record until Jim Gilliam of the Brooklyn Dodgers walked 100 times in 1953. Despite hitting just .213 in 1892, he walked a league-leading 136 times put his on-base percentage (OBP) at .400, good for fifth in National League. He also became the Major League single-season record holder in that category, a title he held until Jimmy Sheckard walked 147 times in 1911. That total remained the St Louis Browns/Cardinals single-season franchise record until 1998, when Mark McGwire walked 162 times. The next season, while batting just .237, Crooks' league-leading 121 BB put his OBP at .408. 
In addition to playing for Columbus, Crooks also had stints with the Washington Senators, Louisville Colonels, and the St. Louis Browns on two different occasions. During his first tenure, he was named as their player-manager, in 1892 on an interim basis twice that season. His short managerial career produced a record of 27 wins and 33 losses, with the team finishing a distant 11th place in the National League standings.
Jack died at the age of 52 in St. Louis, Missouri and was interred at Valhalla Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9697657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697657" title="Jörgen Johansson">
Jörgen Johansson

Jörgen Johansson (1947 – 13 June 2010) was a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9697699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697699" title="Kenneth Johansson">
Kenneth Johansson

Kenneth Johansson (born 2 May 1956) is a Swedish Centre Party politician who is the current Governor of Värmland County, in office since 2012. He was a member of the Riksdag, the Parliament of Sweden, from 1998 to 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9697709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697709" title="Melbourne, East Riding of Yorkshire">
Melbourne, East Riding of Yorkshire

Melbourne is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately west of the market town of Market Weighton and south-west of the market town of Pocklington. It lies just to the south of the Pocklington Canal. The Pocklngton Canal Amenity Society runs boat trips from the Melbourne Arm of the canal, on its trip boat "New Horizons".
According to the 2011 UK census, Melbourne parish had a population of 793, an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 755.
Amenities and enterprises.
Education.
Melbourne has a Primary School (Melbourne Community Primary School) with an after School Club ('The M & M Club').
Until December 2013, there was a pre-school called Little Sunshines which operated from the village hall on Tuesday afternoons and Wednesday mornings.
Commercial enterprises.
There are a number of commercial enterprises in the village which include a pub and a shop.
Farming is one of the main economic drivers in the area but recently the Agricultural Machinery firm Sumo has set up business and now employs around 40 people.
Social amenities.
Social amenities in the Village include the Village Hall and the Playing Field.
Playing field.
Melbourne Sports and Playing Field Association look after the Village's Playing Field at the East end of Main Street. The Playing Field has a pavilion, Scout Hut, children's play area, tennis court, football and cricket pitches.
Sports clubs.
There are a number of sports clubs in the village, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9697712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697712" title="Clericus Cup">
Clericus Cup

The Clericus Cup is an annual association football tournament contested by teams from the Roman Colleges, which are seminaries of the Catholic Church located in Rome. During the fourth season (2010), the tournament involved sixteen schools and fielded players from 65 countries, with the majority coming from Brazil, Italy, Mexico, and the United States of America. The players are normally seminarians studying to be Roman Catholic priests. A handful of players are ordained priests. The annual tournament is organized by the Centro Sportivo Italiano (CSI). The league was founded in 2007, and matches for the seventh season will begin in early 2013.
Officially, the goal of the league is to "reinvigorate the tradition of sport in the Christian community" and has been called the "clerical equivalent of soccer’s World Cup." In other words, it exists to provide a venue for friendly athletic competition among the thousands of seminarians, representing nearly a hundred countries, who study in Rome. The league is the brainchild of the Cardinal Secretary of State, Tarcisio Bertone, who is an unapologetic football fan. While some press outlets hinted that the Church hoped to offer a brand of football free of football hooliganism, the reality is that play on the field is intensely competitive. The teams that regularly contend for the eight play-off spots are, on the field, fierce rivals.
The league.
This competition had its beginnings in 2003 when Jim Mulligan, a seminarian at the Pontifical Beda College, founded a knockout tournament involving eight international teams from the Rome Seminary Colleges. This competition was then called THE ROME CUP. The first match in the competition took place in May 2003 between the Pontifical Beda College and The Venerable English College. (It was won 5 - 2 by the English College.) Fr Jim Mulligan is now a priest in the Archdiocese of Westminster, London and continues his sporting activities carrying out sponsored abseils and parachute jumps to raise money for various Church projects.
The 2009 season drew 16 teams, representing 15 international seminaries, plus the Gregorian University. The league is divided into two sides or divisions: Division A and Division B. In 2009, Division A included four national seminaries (The Pontifical North American College, The Brazilian College, The French College, The Polish Institute) and two international colleges (San Paolo and Mater Ecclesiae). The Italian College of Sant'Anselmo, and the multinational Gregorian University rounded out Division A.
Division B included the Mexican College, The Pontifical Roman Seminary, the Urbanianum (which fields players primarily from Africa and East Asia), as well as the religious institutes Augustinianum, Sedes Sapientiae, Redemptoris Mater, and Guanelliani Internazionale (The Servants of Charity). Two schools, Almo Collegio Capranica and Pio Latino merged to field the team Almo-Pio.
The first season was played from February to May 2007. The second season began in November in of 2007 and finished on May 3, 2008. The regular season games were played at Oratorio San Pietro, on the Via di Santa Maria Mediatrice, 24. The third season was played from February to May 2009 with Redemptoris Mater winning the championship against the Pontifical North American College. The fourth season was played from February to May 2010 with the championship game again consisting of Redemptoris Mater against the Pontifical North American College. Redemptoris Mater won the championship game, 1–0, against the North American College, the same score as in 2009. The fifth season of the Clericus Cup will begin in February 2011.
During the second season, the inaugural and final match were held at the site of the 1960 Summer Olympics: the Stadio dei Marmi in Rome. In the third season, the opening game was officiated by one of Italy's top referees, Stefano Farina.
News coverage.
Despite the league's amateur status, it has attracted the attention of the professional football community. The president of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) called the inauguration of Clericus Cup III (the 2009 season) "evidence of success" of the league. In 2009, the major Italian newspapers covered the league as a novelty - including Corriere della Sera, Il Giornale, Corriere dello Sport, and the anti-clerical La Repubblica. Newsweek's Russian edition reported favorably on the league, noting that many football players and fans "are believers." A video featuring a player from the Urbanium's team is available on the web. Voice of America reported on the North American College's road to the championship game in 2009.
In the first two seasons, international newspapers often focused on events peripheral to the game itself. During the Clericus Cup II season, several international newspapers found the hyper-enthusiasm of the fans newsworthy. Redemptoris Mater's club, in particular, generated a very noisy fan base. The Pontifical North American College also employed a megaphone that annoyed both opposing players and neighbors alike. This led the local government to pass an ordinance banning the use of tambourines, percussion instruments, and loud speakers during morning hours - when most of the league's games are played. The media coverage has increased the profile of the league, whose talent continues to improve each year.
The British press is fascinated by the Cup's use of a blue card, which British reporters labelled "the sin bin." Instead of the red and yellow cards, the blue card is a 5 minute bench penalty for unsportsmanlike play.

</doc>
<doc id="9697717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697717" title="Fredrik Kempe">
Fredrik Kempe

Fredrik Kempe, born in Vårgårda on April 29, 1972, is a Swedish songwriter and opera and pop singer. He has participated in Swedish versions of the musicals Les Misérables and Chess. In 2002, Kempe had a hit with "Vincerò", where he mixed opera and disco.
Melodifestivalen.
Kempe has participated in Melodifestivalen twice as a performer. He entered Melodifestivalen 2004 with the song "Finally", a tribute to his favourite composer Benny Andersson and in 2005 together with Sanna Nielsen singing "Du och jag mot världen".
In Melodifestivalen 2007, he co-wrote three songs. One was Cara Mia, performed by Måns Zelmerlöw and another was Vågar du, vågar jag, performed by Sanna Nielsen.
In Melodifestivalen 2008 he co-wrote the music and wrote the lyrics to the winning entry, "Hero", performed by Charlotte Perrelli.
Once again in 2009, he wrote the music and lyrics for the winning song "La voix" performed by Malena Ernman.
In 2011 he won Melodifestivalen for the third time, writing the Eric Saade entry "Popular".
in 2014 he won Melodifestivalen for a fourth time, writing Sanna Nielsen's entry Undo.
Melodi Grand Prix.
In 2010 he composed and co-wrote the Norwegian entry, "My Heart Is Yours", for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010, performed by Didrik Solli-Tangen.

</doc>
<doc id="9697733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697733" title="Contact mechanics">
Contact mechanics

Contact mechanics is the study of the deformation of solids that touch each other at one or more points. The physical and mathematical formulation of the subject is built upon the mechanics of materials and continuum mechanics and focuses on computations involving elastic, viscoelastic, and plastic bodies in static or dynamic contact. Central aspects in contact mechanics are the pressures and adhesion acting perpendicular to the contacting bodies' surfaces, the normal direction, and the frictional stresses acting tangentially between the surfaces. This page focuses mainly on the normal direction, i.e. on frictionless contact mechanics. Frictional contact mechanics is discussed separately.
Contact mechanics is foundational to the field of mechanical engineering; it provides necessary information for the safe and energy efficient design of technical systems and for the study of tribology and indentation hardness. Principles of contacts mechanics can be applied in areas such as locomotive wheel-rail contact, coupling devices, braking systems, tires, bearings, combustion engines, mechanical linkages, gasket seals, metalworking, metal forming, ultrasonic welding, electrical contacts, and many others. Current challenges faced in the field may include stress analysis of contact and coupling members and the influence of lubrication and material design on friction and wear. Applications of contact mechanics further extend into the micro- and nanotechnological realm.
The original work in contact mechanics dates back to 1882 with the publication of the paper "On the contact of elastic solids" ("Ueber die Berührung fester elastischer Körper") by Heinrich Hertz. Hertz was attempting to understand how the optical properties of multiple, stacked lenses might change with the force holding them together. Hertzian contact stress refers to the localized stresses that develop as two curved surfaces come in contact and deform slightly under the imposed loads. This amount of deformation is dependent on the modulus of elasticity of the material in contact. It gives the contact stress as a function of the normal contact force, the radii of curvature of both bodies and the modulus of elasticity of both bodies. Hertzian contact stress forms the foundation for the equations for load bearing capabilities and fatigue life in bearings, gears, and any other bodies where two surfaces are in contact.
History.
Classical contact mechanics is most notably associated with Heinrich Hertz. In 1882, Hertz solved the contact problem of two elastic bodies with curved surfaces. This still-relevant classical solution provides a foundation for modern problems in contact mechanics. For example, in mechanical engineering and tribology, "Hertzian contact stress" is a description of the stress within mating parts. The Hertzian contact stress usually refers to the stress close to the area of contact between two spheres of different radii.
It was not until nearly one hundred years later that Johnson, Kendall, and Roberts found a similar solution for the case of adhesive contact. This theory was rejected by Boris Derjaguin and co-workers who proposed a different theory of adhesion in the 1970s. The Derjaguin model came to be known as the DMT (after Derjaguin, Muller and Toporov) model, and the Johnson et al. model came to be known as the JKR (after Johnson, Kendall and Roberts) model for adhesive elastic contact. This rejection proved to be instrumental in the development of the Tabor and later Maugis parameters that quantify which contact model (of the JKR and DMT models) represent adhesive contact better for specific materials.
Further advancement in the field of contact mechanics in the mid-twentieth century may be attributed to names such as Bowden and Tabor. Bowden and Tabor were the first to emphasize the importance of surface roughness for bodies in contact. Through investigation of the surface roughness, the true contact area between friction partners is found to be less than the apparent contact area. Such understanding also drastically changed the direction of undertakings in tribology. The works of Bowden and Tabor yielded several theories in contact mechanics of rough surfaces.
The contributions of Archard (1957) must also be mentioned in discussion of pioneering works in this field. Archard concluded that, even for rough elastic surfaces, the contact area is approximately proportional to the normal force. Further important insights along these lines were provided by Greenwood and Williamson (1966), Bush (1975), and Persson (2002). The main findings of these works were that the true contact surface in rough materials is generally proportional to the normal force, while the parameters of individual micro-contacts (i.e., pressure, size of the micro-contact) are only weakly dependent upon the load.
Classical solutions for non-adhesive elastic contact.
The theory of contact between elastic bodies can be used to find contact areas and indentation depths for simple geometries. Some commonly used solutions are listed below. The theory used to compute these solutions is discussed later in the article.
Contact between a sphere and an elastic half-space.
An elastic sphere of radius formula_1 indents an elastic half-space to depth formula_2, and thus creates a contact area of radius 
The applied force formula_5 is related to the displacement formula_2 by
where
and formula_9,formula_10 are the elastic moduli and formula_11,formula_12 the Poisson's ratios associated with each body.
Contact between two spheres.
For contact between two spheres of radii formula_13 and formula_14, the area of contact is a circle of radius formula_15. The distribution of normal traction in the contact area as a function of distance from the center of the circle is
where formula_17 is the maximum contact pressure given by
where the effective radius formula_1 is defined as
The radius of the circle is related to the applied load formula_5 by the equation
The depth of indentation formula_2 is related to the maximum contact pressure by
The maximum shear stress occurs in the interior at formula_25 for formula_26.
Contact between two crossed cylinders of equal radius formula_1.
This is equivalent to contact between a sphere of radius formula_1 and a plane (see above).
Contact between a rigid cylinder and an elastic half-space.
If a rigid cylinder is pressed into an elastic half-space, it creates a pressure distribution described by
where formula_15 is the radius of the cylinder and
The relationship between the indentation depth and the normal force is given by
Contact between a rigid conical indenter and an elastic half-space.
In the case of indentation of an elastic half-space of Young's modulus formula_33 using a rigid conical indenter, the depth of the contact region formula_34 and contact radius formula_15 are related by
with formula_37 defined as the angle between the plane and the side surface of the cone. The total indentation depth formula_2 is given by:formula_39
The total force is
The pressure distribution is given by
The stress has a logarithmic singularity at the tip of the cone.
Contact between two cylinders with parallel axes.
In contact between two cylinders with parallel axes, the force is linearly proportional to the indentation depth:
The radii of curvature are entirely absent from this relationship. The contact radius is described through the usual relationship
with
as in contact between two spheres. The maximum pressure is equal to
The Method of Dimensionality Reduction.
Many contact problems can be solved easily with the Method of Dimensionality Reduction.
In this method, the initial three-dimensional system is replaced with a contact of a body with a linear elastic or viscoelastic foundation (see Fig). The properties of one-dimensional systems coincide hereby exactly with those of the original three-dimensional system, if the form of the bodies is modified and the elements of the foundation are defined according to the rules of the RMD.
Hertzian theory of non-adhesive elastic contact.
The classical theory of contact focused primarily on non-adhesive contact where no tension force is allowed to occur within the contact area, i.e., contacting bodies can be separated without adhesion forces. Several analytical and numerical approaches have been used to solve contact problems that satisfy the no-adhesion condition. Complex forces and moments are transmitted between the bodies where they touch, so problems in contact mechanics can become quite sophisticated. In addition, the contact stresses are usually a nonlinear function of the deformation. To simplify the solution procedure, a frame of reference is usually defined in which the objects (possibly in motion relative to one another) are static. They interact through surface tractions (or pressures/stresses) at their interface.
As an example, consider two objects which meet at some surface formula_46 in the (formula_47,formula_48)-plane with the formula_49-axis assumed normal to the surface. One of the bodies will experience a normally-directed pressure distribution formula_50 and in-plane surface traction distributions formula_51 and formula_52 over the region formula_46. In terms of a Newtonian force balance, the forces:
must be equal and opposite to the forces established in the other body. The moments corresponding to these forces:
are also required to cancel between bodies so that they are kinematically immobile.
Assumptions in Hertzian theory.
The following assumptions are made in determining the solutions of Hertzian contact problems:
Additional complications arise when some or all these assumptions are violated and such contact problems are usually called non-Hertzian.
Analytical solution techniques.
Analytical solution methods for non-adhesive contact problem can be classified into two types based on the geometry of the area of contact. A conforming contact is one in which the two bodies touch at multiple points before any deformation takes place (i.e., they just "fit together"). A non-conforming contact is one in which the shapes of the bodies are dissimilar enough that, under zero load, they only touch at a point (or possibly along a line). In the non-conforming case, the contact area is small compared to the sizes of the objects and the stresses are highly concentrated in this area. Such a contact is called "concentrated", otherwise it is called "diversified".
A common approach in linear elasticity is to superpose a number of solutions each of which corresponds to a point load acting over the area of contact. For example, in the case of loading of a half-plane, the Flamant solution is often used as a starting point and then generalized to various shapes of the area of contact. The force and moment balances between the two bodies in contact act as additional constraints to the solution.
Point contact on a (2D) half-plane.
A starting point for solving contact problems is to understand the effect of a "point-load" applied to an isotropic, homogeneous, and linear elastic half-plane, shown in the figure to the right. The problem may be either plane stress or plane strain. This is a boundary value problem of linear elasticity subject to the traction boundary conditions:
where formula_57 is the Dirac delta function. The boundary conditions state that there are no shear stresses on the surface and a singular normal force P is applied at (0,0). Applying these conditions to the governing equations of elasticity produces the result
for some point, formula_59, in the half-plane. The circle shown in the figure indicates a surface on which the maximum shear stress is constant. From this stress field, the strain components and thus the displacements of all material points may be determined.
Line contact on a (2D) half-plane.
Normal loading over a region formula_60.
Suppose, rather than a point load formula_61, a distributed load formula_62 is applied to the surface instead, over the range formula_63
Shear loading over a region formula_60.
The same principle applies for loading on the surface in the plane of the surface. These kinds of tractions would tend to arise as a result of friction. The solution is similar the above (for both singular loads formula_65 and distributed loads formula_66) but altered slightly:
These results may themselves be superposed onto those given above for normal loading to deal with more complex loads.
Point contact on a (3D) half-space.
Analogously to the Flamant solution for the 2D half-plane, fundamental solutions are known for the linearly elastic 3D half-space as well. These were found by Boussinesq for a concentrated normal load and by Cerruti for a tangential load. See the section on this in Linear elasticity.
Numerical solution techniques.
Distinctions between conforming and non-conforming contact do not have to be made when numerical solution schemes are employed to solve contact problems. These methods do not rely on further assumptions within the solution process since they base solely on the general formulation of the underlying equations
. Besides the standard equations describing the deformation and motion of bodies two additional inequalities can be formulated. The first simply restricts the motion and deformation of the bodies by the assumption that no penetration can occur. Hence the gap formula_68 between two bodies can only be positive or zero
where formula_70 denotes contact. The second assumption in contact mechanics is related to the fact, that no tension force is allowed to occur within the contact area (contacting bodies can be lifted up without adhesion forces). This leads to an inequality which the stresses have to obey at the contact interface. It is formulated for the contact pressure formula_71
Since for contact, formula_73, the contact pressure is always negative, formula_74, and further for non contact the gap is open, formula_75, and the contact pressure is zero, formula_76, the so-called Kuhn–Tucker form of the contact constraints can be written as
These conditions are valid in a general way. The mathematical formulation of the gap depends upon the kinematics of the underlying theory of the solid (e.g., linear or nonlinear solid in two- or three dimensions, beam or shell model).
Non-adhesive contact between rough surfaces.
When two bodies with rough surfaces are pressed into each other, the true contact area formula_78 is much smaller than the apparent contact area formula_79. In contact between a "random rough" surface and an elastic half-space, the true contact area is related to the normal force formula_5 by
with formula_82 equal to the root mean square (also known as the quadratic mean) of the surface slope and formula_83 . The median pressure in the true contact surface
can be reasonably estimated as half of the effective elastic modulus formula_85 multiplied with the root mean square of the surface slope formula_82 .
For the situation where the asperities on the two surfaces have a Gaussian height distribution and the peaks can be assumed to be spherical, the average contact pressure is sufficient to cause yield when formula_87 where formula_88 is the uniaxial yield stress and formula_89 is the indentation hardness. Greenwood and Williamson defined a dimensionless parameter formula_90 called the plasticity index that could be used to determine whether contact would be elastic or plastic.
The Greenwood-Williamson model requires knowledge of two statistically dependent quantities; the standard deviation of the surface roughness and the curvature of the asperity peaks. An alternative definition of the plasticity index has been given by Mikic. Yield occurs when the pressure is greater than the uniaxial yield stress. Since the yield stress is proportional to the indentation hardness formula_91, Micic defined the plasticity index for elastic-plastic contact to be
In this definition formula_90 represents the micro-roughness in a state of complete plasticity and only one statistical quantity, the rms slope, is needed which can be calculated from surface measurements. For formula_94, the surface behaves elastically during contact.
In both the Greenwood-Williamson and Mikic models the load is assumed to be proportional to the deformed area. Hence, whether the system behaves plastically or elastically is independent of the applied normal force.
Adhesive contact between elastic bodies.
When two solid surfaces are brought into close proximity, they experience attractive van der Waals forces. Bradley's van der Waals model provides a means of calculating the tensile force between two rigid spheres with perfectly smooth surfaces. The Hertzian model of contact does not consider adhesion possible. However, in the late 1960s, several contradictions were observed when the Hertz theory was compared with experiments involving contact between rubber and glass spheres.
It was observed that, though Hertz theory applied at large loads, at low loads
This indicated that adhesive forces were at work. The Johnson-Kendall-Roberts (JKR) model and the Derjaguin-Muller-Toporov (DMT) models were the first to incorporate adhesion into Hertzian contact.
Bradley model of rigid contact.
It is commonly assumed that the surface force between two atomic planes at a distance formula_49 from each other can be derived from the Lennard-Jones potential. With this assumption
where formula_5 is the force (positive in compression), formula_98 is the total surface energy of "both" surfaces per unit area, and formula_99 is the equilibrium separation of the two atomic planes.
The Bradley model applied the Lennard-Jones potential to find the force of adhesion between two rigid spheres. The total force between the spheres is found to be
where formula_101 are the radii of the two spheres.
The two spheres separate completely when the "pull-off force" is achieved at formula_102 at which point
Johnson-Kendall-Roberts (JKR) model of elastic contact.
To incorporate the effect of adhesion in Hertzian contact, Johnson, Kendall, and Roberts formulated the JKR theory of adhesive contact using a balance between the stored elastic energy and the loss in surface energy. The JKR model considers the effect of contact pressure and adhesion only inside the area of contact. The general solution for the pressure distribution in the contact area in the JKR model is
Note that in the original Hertz theory, the term containing formula_105 was neglected on the ground that tension could not be sustained in the contact zone. For contact between two spheres
where formula_107 is the radius of the area of contact, formula_5 is the applied force, formula_98 is the total surface energy of both surfaces per unit contact area,
formula_110 are the radii, Young's moduli, and Poisson's ratios of the two spheres, and
The approach distance between the two spheres is given by
The Hertz equation for the area of contact between two spheres, modified to take into account the surface energy, has the form
When the surface energy is zero, formula_114, the Hertz equation for contact between two spheres is recovered. When the applied load is zero, the contact radius is
The tensile load at which the spheres are separated, i.e., formula_116, is predicted to be
This force is also called the pull-off force.
Note that this force is independent of the moduli of the two spheres. However, there is another possible solution for the value of formula_15 at this load. This is the critical contact area formula_119, given by
If we define the work of adhesion as
where formula_122 are the adhesive energies of the two surfaces and formula_123 is an interaction term, we can write the JKR contact radius as
The tensile load at separation is
and the critical contact radius is given by
The critical depth of penetration is
Derjaguin-Muller-Toporov (DMT) model of elastic contact.
The Derjaguin-Muller-Toporov (DMT) model is an alternative model for adhesive contact which assumes that the contact profile remains the same as in Hertzian contact but with additional attractive interactions outside the area of contact.
The area of contact between two spheres from DMT theory is
and the pull-off force is
When the pull-off force is achieved the contact area becomes zero and there is no singularity in the contact stresses at the edge of the contact area.
In terms of the work of adhesion formula_130
and
Tabor coefficient.
In 1977, Tabor showed that the apparent contradiction between the JKR and DMT theories could be resolved by noting that the two theories were the extreme limits of a single theory parametrized by the Tabor coefficient (formula_133) defined as
The total adhesive force is then given by
The compression due to Dugdale adhesion is
and the gap at formula_137 is
The net traction on the contact area is then given by formula_139 and the net contact force is formula_140. When formula_141 the adhesive traction drops to zero.
Non-dimensionalized values of formula_142 are introduced at this stage that are defied as
In addition, Maugis proposed a parameter formula_144 which is equivalent to the Tabor coefficient. This parameter is defined as
where the step cohesive stress formula_89 equals to the theoretical stress of the Lennard-Jones potential
Zheng and Yu suggested another value for the step cohesive stress
to match the Lennard-Jones potential, which leads to
Then the net contact force may be expressed as
and the elastic compression as
The equation for the cohesive gap between the two bodies takes the form
This equation can be solved to obtain values of formula_153 for various values of formula_15 and formula_144. For large values of formula_144, formula_157 and the JKR model is obtained. For small values of formula_144 the DMT model is retrieved.
Carpick-Ogletree-Salmeron (COS) model.
The Maugis-Dugdale model can only be solved iteratively if the value of formula_144 is not known a-priori. The Carpick-Ogletree-Salmeron approximate solution simplifies the process by using the following relation to determine the contact radius formula_15:
where formula_162 is the contact area at zero load, and formula_163 is a transition parameter that is related to formula_144 by
The case formula_166 corresponds exactly to JKR theory while formula_167 corresponds to DMT theory.
For intermediate cases formula_168 the COS model corresponds closely to the Maugis-Dugdale solution for formula_169.

</doc>
<doc id="9697742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697742" title="Sven Bergström">
Sven Bergström

Sven Bergström (born 1951) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9697751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697751" title="Ping Tom Memorial Park">
Ping Tom Memorial Park

Ping Tom Memorial Park () is a public urban park in Chicago's Chinatown, owned and operated by the Chicago Park District (CPD). Located on the south bank of the Chicago River, the park is divided into three sections by a Santa Fe rail track and 18th Street. Currently, only development in the area south of 18th Street has been completed. It was designed by Ernest C. Wong of Site Design Group and features a pagoda-style pavilion, bamboo gardens, and a playground. The park is named in honor of prominent Chinatown businessman and civic leader Ping Tom; a bronze bust of Tom is installed near the park's pavilion.
In 1962, the construction preparations for the Dan Ryan Expressway demolished the only two parks in the Chinatown area (Hardin Square and Stanford Park). Sun Yat-sen Playlot Park, a small, park, was created in the mid-1970s, however, the community wanted a larger open park space. A private real estate firm formed by Ping Tom, then purchased a former rail yard in 1989. After construction of Chinatown Square began on this property, the CPD purchased approximately of unused land along the Chicago River in 1991, along with an additional that extended along the river, north of 18th Street. The southern-half of the area then underwent significant development, as the retaining wall along the river was repaired and an at-grade rail crossing was installed at the park's western boundary. Construction then began in 1998 and concluded in fall 1999 at a total cost of $5 million. The park was officially opened on October 2, 1999. 
In 2002, the Chicago Park District acquired additional immediately east of the park's undeveloped northern half. The second development-stage of the park's nearly undeveloped north of 18th Street was completed in 2011, and included development of the area's shoreline and access points. In September 2009, a $10 million budget was approved to start development on the area along the Chicago River. The boathouse was opened on June 9, 2013. A new field house is under construction and is expected to open in September 2013.
History.
In 1962, construction preparations for the Dan Ryan Expressway necessitated the demolition of Hardin Square and Stanford Parks, the only two public parks that serviced the Chinatown community. In the mid-1970s, a small, park was developed on a strip of land between 26th Street and the Stevenson Expressway; the Chicago Park District purchased the park in 1977 and named it Sun Yat-sen Playlot Park. However, in a 1992 study, 75 percent of Chinatown's community leaders and 49 percent of business leaders felt that "the lack of open space in the Chinatown area is one of the most serious problems faclng the community", and both groups ranked it first among 15 community issues, including crime, education, housing, and employment. Community efforts to construct a larger park were impeded both a lack of funds and the absence of any suitable site.
After fighting for decades for the construction of a new park in Chinatown, civic leader Ping Tom formed the Chinese American Development Corporation (CADC), a private real estate firm, in 1984. Five years later, the firm purchased a former Santa Fe rail yard and began construction on Chinatown Square, a $100 million residential and commercial development project. However, the area along the Chicago River was left untouched. The Chinatown community then formed the Chinatown Riverside Park Advisory Council to work with the Chicago Park District to assess the possibility of developing the remaining area into a public park. With the support of Park District Commissioner Raymond Lee, the Park District approved the proposal to purchase the land, along with an additional that extended along the river northward to 16th Street in 1991.
Tom died of pancreatic cancer in July 1995—three years before construction of the park began. During a Chinatown Chamber of Commerce meeting held in March 1998, the Riverside Park Advisory Council suggested renaming the park in honor of Ping Tom, the driving force behind the its creation. The request was approved on August 3, 1998, and the park was renamed Ping Tom Memorial Park. The park was dedicated and officially opened by Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley during a ceremony on October 2, 1999. In 2005, the CADC and friends of the Tom family commissioned sculptor Liao Huilana to create a bronze bust of Ping Tom. The bust was dedicated and installed at the park on October 22, 2005.
Design and construction.
Ernest C. Wong of Site Design Group designed the park. Having designed landscape along Chinatown's Cermak Avenue, Wong was familiar with the community and invited the public to voice their opinions and ideas for the future park. The park's original design called for walled plazas inspired by traditional Chinese gardens in Suzhou, China. This design was scrapped, however, because of security and vandalism concerns. Instead, a system of pathways was created to link defined spaces and mimic courtyards.
A pagoda-style pavilion based on a structure that Wong had seen in Suzhou is located near the park's western boundary—the Chicago River. Site Design Group designed the pavilion's ornamentation and railings and obtained its traditional Chinese roof tiles from a source in Japan. The park's entrance is marked by four -tall columns, each etched with Chinese dragons and is modeled after a traditional Chinese courtyard. The park containers Chinese-influenced gardens that include gingko trees and bamboo. A children's playground is located at the north end of the park.
Businesses in Chinatown attempted to raise $200,000 to build an 11-story bell tower pagoda at the south end of the park. The tower was planned to be constructed of brick and stone with a hollow interior. While visitors would not have been able to climb the structure, they would have been able to walk through an entrance at its base. "Chicago Sun-Times" writer Lee Bey believed the bell tower to be the park's most important feature. Despite the Taiwanese government making an early commitment to help finance the tower, it was never constructed.
Before construction of then-named Chinatown Riverside Park could begin on the strip of land south of 18th Street, the area required significant development. The entire western boundary of the park is a functioning Santa Fe rail track. After unsuccessfully looking into possible underground or overground access, an at-grade rail crossing was constructed. The US Army Corps of Engineers was then needed to restore the badly deteriorated shoreline of the Chicago River, the park's eastern boundary. At a cost of $2 million, the project improved approximately of the retaining wall and lowered the shoreline considerably from its previous position above the river. The land was also tested for any harmful contaminates from prolonged use as a rail yard. Once development was complete, construction began in 1998 and concluded in fall 1999 at a total cost of $5 million.
Expansion.
In 2002, the Chicago Park District acquired additional immediately east of the park's undeveloped northern half. With the acquisition of this land, the CPD planned a second development-stage—dubbed "Phase II"—of the park's nearly undeveloped. The plan called for the development of the area's shoreline and access points, as well as the construction of a cultural arts and recreational facility and a boathouse. The estimated cost was $38 million.
In September 2009, the Chicago Park District’s Board of Commissioners entered into an agreement with the City of Chicago that approved the transfer of $10 million in tax increment financing (TIF) funds for the development of the park's area between the Chicago River and the Santa Fe rail track north of 18th Street. These funds were used to build a retaining wall, fish habitats and sections of natural shoreline along the area's of shoreline along the Chicago River. Open lawn and landscaped areas were developed along with a fishing station and various pathways.
Approved also was an ordinance that finances the construction of an athletic field house in Ping Tom Memorial Park. Funds for the $10 million proposal will be allocated from the River South TIF district. This approximately 28,000-square-foot, single-story, steel frame and precast construction building will include a natatorium, gymnasium, club rooms, a fitness center, and locker rooms. The field house is expected to open in September 2013.
On September 19, 2011, Mayor Rahm Emanuel held a press conference in the newly opened expansion of the park to announce a plan to build a series of boat houses along the Chicago River.
At about this time, the phase two five acre riverfront expansion located to the north of the existing park expanded the park to the north of the18th street bridge. It was also designed by Site Design Group, and features a 300 linear foot boardwalk with iconic red Chinese ornamental railings that extends over the water, as well as unique decorative limestone rocks called scholar's stones from Lake Tai in China. Native plantings and oak savanna restoration provide a sustainable planting palette, welcoming native wildlife to the park. The project cost was $4.9 million.
On June 9, 2013, Mayor Emanuel officially opened the boathouse. 
On October 14, 2013, Mayor Emanuel officially opened the Ping Tom Memorial Park Fieldhouse, a 30,000 square-foot facility with a gymnasium, natatorium, fitness center, and meeting rooms. 
Events.
The Chicago Dragon Boat Race for Literacy, started in 1999, is a philanthropic event held annually at Ping Tom Memorial Park. Every summer, teams participate in a dragon boat race tournament along the Chicago River while music, food and entertainment is provided for spectators. The proceeds raised from the event are used to support and promote local literacy, cultural, and diversity programs. The park also acts as the finish line to the Chicago River Flatwater Classic, an annual canoe and kayak race.
In 2004, the Chinatown Chamber of Commerce used hosted a free series of movies and concerts during their "Summer Fun in Chinatown" campaign. In late September, the Chicago-based Redmoon Theater performed "Sink. Sank. Sunk...", an outdoor play at the park. The performance was the first in an annual series of site-specific plays created to introduce audiences to undiscovered, often-overlooked Chicago locations. The performance included floating props in the Chicago River and also incorporated the park's active, surrounding trains into the act.
The season 6 finale of CBS's reality show "The Amazing Race" ended in Ping Tom Memorial Park. Contestants were instructed to make their way to the finish line in the park from a Gino's East pizzeria; however, after contestants hailed taxis, most of the drivers did not know where the park was located.

</doc>
<doc id="9697764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697764" title="Floris Adriaan van Hall">
Floris Adriaan van Hall

Floris Adriaan, Baron van Hall (May 15, 1791 in Amsterdam – March 29, 1866 in The Hague) was a Dutch nobleman and an important statesman from the middle of the 19th century. He played an important role as representative of the Amsterdam trade and bankingsector and as politician.
He studied law in Amsterdam and Leiden, en became a lawyer in Amsterdam. He practised law until the King appointed him as successor to Cornelis Felix van Maanen as Minister of Justice in 1842 and one and a half year later as Minister of Finance. Since 1849 was he member of the Second Chamber of the States General until in 1853 he succeeded Johan Rudolf Thorbecke to form a new government. In 1856 King William II gave him the title of Baron. In 1860 he became once again chairman of the council of ministers. He rejected an offer for the appointment to Governor-General of the Dutch East-Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="9697765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697765" title="Volinaios">
Volinaios

Volinaios (, also Δρεπανέικο "Drepaneiko") is a river in the northern part of Achaea, Greece. It empties into the Gulf of Corinth. The river is named after the ancient town of Boline. The river begins in the northern part of the Panachaiko mountains, it flows through the village Drepano where it has water all year round. The river flows into the Gulf of Corinth near Psathopyrgos.

</doc>
<doc id="9697766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697766" title="Charles Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua and Montferrat">
Charles Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua and Montferrat

Charles Gonzaga () (6 May 1580 – 22 September 1637) was Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat from 1627 until his death. He was also Duke of Rethel and Nevers, as well as Prince of Arches.
Biography.
Born in Paris, he was the son of Louis Gonzaga, Duke of Nevers and Henriette of Cleves. 
In 1600, as duke of Rethel, he founded, in Nevers, the Order of the Yellow Ribbon, soon forbidden by the King, due to its peculiar character.
In 1606, he decided the foundation of Charleville and the Principality of Arches ( fr )
In 1612, Charles, a descendant of the Byzantine Emperor Andronicus II Palaeologus through his grandmother, who was of the line of Theodore I, Marquess of Montferrat, Andronicus' son. claimed the throne of Constantinople, at the time the capital of the Ottoman Empire. He began plotting with Greek rebels, including the Maniots of Greece, who addressed him as "King Constantine Palaeologus". When the Ottoman authorities heard about this, they sent an army of 20,000 men and 70 ships to invade Mani. They succeeded in ravaging Mani and imposing taxes on the Maniots. This caused Charles to move more actively for his crusade. He sent envoys to the courts of Europe looking for support. In 1619, he recruited six ships and some five thousand men, but he was forced to abort the mission because of the beginning of the Thirty Years' War.
At the death of the last legitimate male heir of the Gonzaga line in the Duchy of Mantua, Vincenzo II (1627), Charles inherited the title through an agreement. His son was married with Maria Gonzaga, daughter of former Duke Francesco IV.
However, his succession spurred the enmity of Charles Emmanuel I of Savoy, who aimed at the Gonzaga lands of Montferrat, and, above all, of Spain and the Holy Roman Empire, which did not like a philo-French ruler in Mantua. This led to the War of the Mantuan Succession. In 1629 emperor Ferdinand II sent a Landsknecht army to besiege Mantua, Charles left without the promised support from Louis XIII of France. The siege lasted until July 1630, when the city, already struck by a plague, was brutally sacked. Mantua never recovered from this disaster.
The subsequent diplomatic maneuvers allowed Charles, who had fled to the Papal States, to return to the duchy in 1631, although not without concessions to the House of Savoy and to the Gonzaga of Guastalla. The situation of the Mantuan lands was dramatic, but he was able to trigger some economic recovery in the following years.
Charles died in 1637. His successor was his grandson Charles II, initially under the regency of Maria Gonzaga, Charles I's daughter-in-law.
Children.
He married Catherine of Mayenne, daughter of Charles of Lorraine, Duke of Mayenne and Henriette of Savoy. They had six children:
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9697771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697771" title="Håkan Larsson">
Håkan Larsson

Håkan Larsson (born 1950) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9697777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697777" title="Junkers G 24">
Junkers G 24

The Junkers G 24 was a German three-engine, all-metal low-wing monoplane passenger aircraft manufactured by Junkers from 1925. Junkers F 24 was the designation for single-engine versions of the same aircraft.
Design and development.
The increased German air traffic in the 1920s led to a requirement for a larger passenger transport aircraft. The G 24 was an enlarged development of the F 13. It was originally designed by Ernst Zindel as a single-engine aircraft. Under the restrictions imposed on aircraft in Germany by the Treaty of Versailles, only low powered engines were allowed. So the Junkers company designed their large G24 airliner to be single-engined, but built it as a tri-motor. With three low powered engines the G24 could fly, but was not a viable airliner. The plan was to sell the tri-motors to airlines outside of Germany, who would then install a single, high-powered engine (e.g. 450 hp Napier Lion) on the nose, and simply remove the wing center-section plugs that carried the other two engines. However the "Military Inter-Allied Commission of Control" declared the G24 design to be a military type aircraft, and outlawed it. 
Junkers then resubmitted what was essentially the same design, but under a new designation: Junkers G23. The Allied Commission ultimately allowed Junkers to build the G23, even in the single engined version, because it was clearly an airline type. The plane was always marketed under the G24 designation. (This paragraph based on 'Wagner' pages 230 - 234)
Junkers continued to build the G24/G23 as a tri-motor, because the ruse to circumvent the Allied restrictions also had the benefit that the plane could fly, and even climb, with one engine out. In 1925 most airliners were single-engined, since one big engine will usually be more efficient than several small ones. Twin-engine types could not maintain altitude with an engine out, unless they were so overpowered that the airlines could not afford to operate them. A tri-motor did not have to be so grossly overpowered, to be able to fly with an engine out.
On May 1, 1926 newly formed German airline Deutsche Luft Hansa started flying passengers on the route Berlin - Königsberg at night using G24 aircraft ('Wagner' page 232 'Seifert' page 376). This was the first time any airline, anywhere in the world, flew passengers at night. Previously airlines had flown only mail and freight after dark. If an engine failed, the pilot bailed out by parachute, since a forced landing in the dark is too dangerous. The Junkers G24 could carry passengers, since there would not be any forced landings. The G24s of Luft Hansa also had blind flying instruments and radio navigation (with the radio operator sitting in the passenger cabin, as there was no room in the open two seat cockpit).
The aircraft was manufactured in three main batches, with different engine alternatives. Between 1925 and 1929, at least 72 aircraft were manufactured, 26 of which went to Luft Hansa. The G 24 managed to set a number of aviation records involving pay loads. Fritz Horn flew 2,020 km (1,560 mi) with a payload of 1,000 kg (2,200 lb) on 14 h 23 min, having an average speed of 140 km/h (90 mph), setting a new world record.
On 24 July 1926, two G 24s became famous after having flown the 20,000 km (12,400 mi) route between Berlin and Peking in just 10 stops. This flight ended on 8 September. It was initially meant that they would fly all the way to Shanghai, but they were prevented by military conflicts. On 26 September 1926, the two aircraft landed again in Berlin. Later during the year, a trans-Euro-Asiatic line is created.
Luft Hansa, which operated the largest G 24 fleet in the world, decided to modify their G 24s to a single engine standard. The first modifications were done in March 1928. The wing was shortened and the center engine was replaced with a BMW VIU engine. Junkers called this aircraft F 24ko. A total of 11 G 24s were modified to F 24 standard between 1928 and 1930. By July 1933, most of these BMW-equipped F 24s were again modified with the new Jumo 4 and designated as F 24kay. Most of these F 24s remained in service at the beginning of World War II in 1939. Most of them were used by Luft Hansa as freighter aircraft.
The Soviet-German aircraft cooperation in the 1920s let to a Soviet request for a new bomber aircraft.
Junkers then designed the Junkers Ju 25 as a twin-engine bomber. But the development of this aircraft was too expensive for Junkers, especially since there were some difficulties with his Russian partners. Junkers then advised his lead designers - Ernst Zindel and Hermann Pohlmann - to design a military derivate of the G 24. By November 1924, the new aircraft was ready, and given the designation G3S1 24 and it was a direct modification of the G 24ba. The aircraft was said to be an air ambulance. Junkers followed up this design with several reconnaissance designs e.g. the G1Sa 24 which was a modified G 24 with only a single engine. The next design, the G2sB 24 was also a bomber, directly derivated from the G 24he. This aircraft had a new center wing section and a new nose section, to allow an open shooting area to the forward areas. Junkers decided to produce this design as the general military version of the G 24 and gave it the designation K 30 in 1926.
In 1926, the Finnish airlines Aero O/Y acquired a Junkers G 24, which went into service on the Stockholm route. The aircraft was equipped with floats, but not skis, and so could be used in summer only. It remained in service until 1935.
A Swedish G 24 also participated in the rescue of the unfortunate Italian Umberto Nobile expedition to the North pole. This was the first time an aircraft had flown over the Arctic Sea without stops.
Military versions.
Junkers offered the K 30 design to the Soviet forces, which ordered a total of 23 K 30s in 1925 and 1926. A production line for the military version K 30 was set up at A.B. Flygindustri at Limhamn in Sweden as the German aviation industry was prevented from building military aircraft in 1926. The parts for the K 30 aircraft were built at Dessau and then shipped to Limhamn, where A.B. Flygindustri built the K 30 under the designation R 42. Some of the R 42s were equipped with machine gun towers and bomb mountings. But several of the R 42s were also shipped without military equipment to Russia. These were later fitted with military equipment at Junkers' factory in Fili, Moscow. The R 42/K 30 was designated JuG-1 in the Soviet Union. They received five 7.62 mm (.30 in) machine guns and could carry a bomb load of 500 kg (1,100 lb). This version was used to rescue the expedition of downed balloonist General Umberto Nobile in 1928.
Six more R 42s were delivered to Chile during 1926 plus three K 30s to Spain and two K 30s to Yugoslavia until 1931. The Spanish and Yugoslavian aircraft were produced at Dessau. The K 30 was equipped with either wheels, skis or floats. With the successful conversion of the G 24 into the single-engine aircraft F 24, Junkers was also thinking about a single-engine K 30 in 1931. Like the F 24, this K30do was to be equipped with the Jumo 4 engine and was similar to the initial G1Sa 24. However, no single-engine K 30s were built.
Variants.
"Data from:"Hugo Junkers" Pionier der Luftfahrt - Seine Flugzeuge, Junkers Aircraft & Engines 1913-1945

</doc>
<doc id="9697803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697803" title="Airmanship">
Airmanship

Airmanship is skill and knowledge applied to aerial navigation, similar to seamanship in maritime navigation. Airmanship covers a broad range of desirable behaviors and abilities in an aviator. It is not simply a measure of skill or technique, but also a measure of a pilot’s awareness of the aircraft, the environment in which it operates, and of his own capabilities.
The three fundamental principles of expert airmanship are skill, proficiency, and the discipline to apply them in a safe and efficient manner.
Discipline is the foundation of airmanship.
The complexity of the aviation environment demands a foundation of solid airmanship, and a healthy, positive approach to combating pilot error.
The actions of Captain Alfred C. Haynes and the crew of United Airlines Flight 232 are often cited as an exemplar of good airmanship. They were able to maintain control of their crippled McDonnell Douglas DC-10, bringing it to a survivable "controlled crash" in Sioux City, Iowa, after a complete loss of all flight controls following an engine failure in July 1989. They did this by improvising a control scheme on the spot using differential thrust on the two working engines. Captain Haynes credited his Crew Resource Management training as one of the key factors that saved his own life, and many others.
The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board occasionally cites poor airmanship as a contributing factor in its determination of probable cause in aviation accidents, although it is implicit in many of the pilot error causes it often uses. For example, in its report on the December 1, 1993 fatal crash of Northwest Airlink Flight 5719, the Board determined the "failure of the company management to adequately address the previously identified deficiencies in airmanship" was a contributing factor.
More recently, in the February 2, 2005 business jet accident at Teterboro Airport, NTSB investigator Steve Demko, speaking about the probable cause, said determining an aircraft's weight and balance before takeoff is "basic airmanship," a "Flying 101 type of thing."
And in the 2006 New York City plane crash that killed New York Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle, the NTSB cited "inadequate judgement, planning and airmanship" in its probable cause determination.
A "failure of airmanship" was also cited by U.S. Military Authorities in the Tarnak Farm incident in Afghanistan, where the pilot of a U.S. F-16 Fighting Falcon mistakenly targeted a 250-kilogram laser-guided bomb on Canadian troops in April 2003, killing four of them. Airmanship covers operation of the aircraft and all its systems, so in military usage, this includes the weapons systems of combat aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="9697814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697814" title="Atomic 7">
Atomic 7

Atomic 7 is a Canadian instrumental rock trio formed in 1998, led by its only constant member, former Shadowy Men on a Shadowy Planet guitarist Brian Connelly. While Shadowy Men rarely used vocals, Atomic 7's music is completely instrumental. The band doesn't even use vocal microphones on stage.
Current members.
The current and sixth lineup of Atomic 7 is:
Past members.
Fifth lineup (June 3, 2005 only): 
Fourth lineup (recorded "... en Hillbilly Caliente"): 
Third lineup (recorded "... Gowns By Edith Head").
Second lineup: 
First lineup (recorded debut single, "She's Got Haggar Party Slacks"): 

</doc>
<doc id="9697843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697843" title="Owen Butler">
Owen Butler

Owen Fintan Xavier Butler (born 15 September 1975 in Dublin) is an Irish cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler.
He made his debut for Ireland in June 1994 against the MCC. His List A debut came the following year in a Benson and Hedges Cup match against Surrey. His only first-class match was against Scotland in August 1996.
He was then absent from the Irish team for almost four years before making a comeback in the ICC Emerging Nations tournament in Zimbabwe in April 2000. Later that year, he played in the European Championship, the match against Italy being his twelfth and, to date, last match for Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9697848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697848" title="Holcombe Rucker">
Holcombe Rucker

Holcombe Rucker (March 2, 1926 – 1965) was a playground director in Harlem for the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation from 1948 to 1964. He founded the New York City pro-am basketball tournament, that still bears his name and is the namesake of a world-famous basketball court in Harlem.
Rucker, who grew up in Manhattan, started the tournament in 1947 at a playground on 7th Avenue between 128th and 129th streets. He insisted that education be a fundamental part of the Rucker League, in keeping with its motto — "Each one, teach one." Through his efforts, over 700 individuals were able to obtain basketball scholarships to help finance their education.
The tournament grew into the stuff of legend in the 1960s, when many NBA stars such as Wilt Chamberlain participated.
Rucker attended City College of New York and graduated in 1962 with a degree in Education. He went on to teach English at J.H.S. 139 before he died of cancer in 1965 at age 38.
In 1974 the city renamed P.S. 156 Playground, located at 155th Street and Frederick Douglass Boulevard, as Holcombe Rucker Playground in dedication to his community efforts. Rucker's basketball tournament had moved there in 1965, and Holcombe Rucker Basketball Court — now arguably the most famous street court in the world — remains a proving ground for the region's most talented players. 
Chris Rucker, Holcombe's grandson, currently continues the family tradition at Rucker Park with the Rucker Pro-Am, a men's division summer basketball league. He is currently trying to have Rucker enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor to the game of basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="9697861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697861" title="Suspension trauma">
Suspension trauma

Suspension trauma "(Syn. "orthostatic shock while suspended")", also known as harness hang syndrome (HHS), or orthostatic intolerance, is an effect which occurs when the human body is held upright without any movement for a period of time. If the person is strapped into a harness or tied to an upright object they will eventually suffer the central ischaemic response (commonly known as fainting). If one faints but remains vertical, one risks death due to one's brain not receiving the oxygen it requires.
People at risk of suspension trauma include people using industrial harnesses (fall arrest systems, abseiling systems, confined space systems), people using harnesses for sporting purposes (caving, climbing, parachuting, etc.), stunt performers, circus performers, and so on. Suspension shock can also occur in medical environments, for similar reasons.
In a 2006 article on the Crucifixion of Jesus, Phillip Bishop and physiologist Brian Church suggest that suspension trauma is a cause of death in crucifixion.
Cause.
The most common cause is accidents in which the patient remains motionless suspended in a harness for longer periods of time. Motionlessness may have several causes including fatigue, hypoglycemia, hypothermia or traumatic brain injury. 
Symptoms.
Onset of symptoms may be after just a few minutes, but usually occurs after at least 20 minutes of free hanging. Typical symptoms are pallor, sweating, shortness of breath, blurred vision, dizziness, nausea, hypotension and numbness of the legs. Eventually it leads to fainting, which may result in death due to oxygen deprivation of the brain.
Treatment.
If someone is stranded in a harness, but is not unconscious or injured, and has something to kick against or stand on (such as a rock ledge or caving leg-loops) it is helpful for them to use their leg muscles by pushing against it every so often, to keep the blood pumping back to the torso. If the person is stranded in mid-air or is exhausted, then keeping the legs moving can be both beneficial and rather dangerous. On the one hand, exercising the leg muscles will keep the blood returning to the torso, but on the other hand, as the movements become weaker the leg muscles will continue to demand blood yet they will become much less effective at returning it to the body, and the moment the victim ceases moving their legs, the blood will immediately start to pool. "Pedaling an imaginary bicycle" should only be used as a last-ditch effort to prolong consciousness, because as soon as the "pedaling" stops, fainting will shortly follow. If it is impossible to rescue someone immediately, then it is necessary to raise their legs to a sitting position, which can be done with a loop of rigging tape behind the knees or specialized equipment from a rescue kit.
When rescuing a victim it is paramount to let the blood flow to the brain and heart. A suspended victim is more likely to be injured by not raising their legs when rescuing. No change in ABC management should be undertaken based on the above theoretical risk of suspension trauma. The British Health and Safety Executive (HSE) has done an extensive review of this topic 2009 which contradicts its earlier statement 2002.
Prevention.
Prevention of suspension trauma is preferable to dealing with its consequences. Specific recommendations for individuals doing technical ropework are to avoid exhausting themselves so much that they end up without the energy to keep moving, and making sure everyone in a group is trained in single rope rescue techniques, especially the single rope pickoff, a rather difficult technical maneuver that must be practiced frequently for smooth performance. 

</doc>
<doc id="9697866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697866" title="Burnaya River">
Burnaya River

The Burnaya (, ) is a young rapid river in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, on the Karelian Isthmus, which emerged in 1818. It flows from Lake Sukhodolskoye to Lake Ladoga and is a part of Vuoksi River drainage basin. Before the Winter War and Continuation War it was located in Finland, known under the name Taipaleenjoki.
Originally waters of Lake Suvanto (Lake Sukhodolskoye) quietly flowed into the Vuoksi through a waterway at Kiviniemi. However, in 1818 the channel that had been dug to drain spring flood waters from Suvanto into Lake Ladoga unexpectedly turned into the Taipaleenjoki, which started draining Suvanto and decreased its level by 7 m. The Kiviniemi waterway dried out. In 1857 the channel was dug there, but the stream reversed direction, revealed rapids and rendered navigation at Kiviniemi impossible. Since 1857 Lake Sukhodolskoye and the Burnaya River have constituted the southern armlet of Vuoksi River, which has decreased the level of the original northern armlet flowing through Priozersk by 4 m.

</doc>
<doc id="9697926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697926" title="List of Bob Jones University people">
List of Bob Jones University people

This is a list of notable people associated with Bob Jones University.

</doc>
<doc id="9697932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697932" title="IROC XIX">
IROC XIX

The nineteenth year of IROC competition took place in 1995. IROC XIX was the second and final year the Dodge Avenger was used in competition, and continued the format introduced in IROC XVIII. Race one took place on the Daytona International Speedway, race two took place at Darlington Raceway, race three ran at Talladega Superspeedway, and the year finished at Michigan International Speedway. Dale Earnhardt won his second series championship, and took home $225,000 for his efforts.
The roster of drivers and final points standings were as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="9697944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697944" title="Lymphocyte cytosolic protein 2">
Lymphocyte cytosolic protein 2

Lymphocyte cytosolic protein 2 (SH2 domain containing leukocyte protein of 76kDa), also known as LCP2 or SLP-76, is a gene that encodes a signal-transducing adaptor protein.
No full structure for SLP-76 has been solved. The PDB file 1H3H depicts the SH3 domain of GRAP2 in complex with an RSTK-containing peptide representing residues 226-235 of SLP-76.
Interactions.
Lymphocyte cytosolic protein 2 has been shown to interact with SHB, PLCG1, PTPN6, LYN, NCK1, Cbl gene, GRAP2, PIK3R1, Grb2, ITK and VAV1.

</doc>
<doc id="9697995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9697995" title="As Thousands Cheer">
As Thousands Cheer

As Thousands Cheer is a revue with a book by Moss Hart and music and lyrics by Irving Berlin, first performed in 1933. The revue contained satirical sketches and witty or poignant musical numbers, several of which became standards, including "Heat Wave", "Easter Parade" and "Harlem on my Mind". The sketches were loosely based on the news and the lives and affairs of the rich and famous, and other people of the day, such as Joan Crawford, John D. Rockefeller, Jr., Noël Coward, Josephine Baker, and Aimee Semple McPherson.
History.
The revue was a successor to the creators' "Face the Music" and was Marilyn Miller's last stage appearance before her death. It was also the first Broadway show to give an African-American star Ethel Waters equal billing with whites.
Moss Hart said that he and Irving Berlin did not want to write the typical revue with "blackout sketches" and musical numbers, and they had the idea of doing a topical revue "right off the front pages of the newspapers." Berlin deferred his own fees as composer, lyricist, and theater owner, keeping the cost of the show to a "restrained" $96,000.
Synopsis.
Each of the 21 scenes was preceded by a related newspaper headline, and the sketches poked fun a wide variety of subjects, including the marital woes of Barbara Hutton, Gandhi, and British royalty; the weather report was turned into a song ("Heat Wave"); President and Mrs. Hoover leaving the White House, with the President giving his cabinet a Bronx cheer; "Supper Time", an African-American woman's lament for her lynched husband; John D. Rockefeller refusing to accept Radio City Music Hall as a birthday gift; commercials interrupting the singing during a Metropolitan Opera broadcast (P.D.Q. Bach later did this); a hotel staff falling under the influence of Noël Coward; and a Supreme Court decision that says musicals cannot end with reprises, resulting in a new number, "Not For All The Rice In China" (satirizing Barbara Hutton's relationship with Alexis Mdivani), as a finale.
Selected musical numbers.
† "Omitted from 1998 revival"
Productions.
The revue opened on Broadway at the Music Box Theatre on September 30, 1933 and became a hit, running for 400 performances, which was rare during the Great Depression. It was staged by Hassard Short with choreography by Charles Weidman. The musical starred Helen Broderick, Marilyn Miller, Clifton Webb and Ethel Waters, and featured José Limón as the lead dancer. The London based version of the show, retitled "Stop Press", opened on February 21, 1935 at the Adelphi Theatre.
The Drama Department presented the revue at the off-Broadway Greenwich House Theater from June 2, 1998 through June 14, 1998. Directed by Christopher Ashley with musical staging by Kathleen Marshall, the cast included Kevin Chamberlin, Judy Kuhn, Howard McGillin, Paula Newsome, Mary Beth Peil and B. D. Wong. Reviews were extremely positive. The show has had a number of other revivals both in the U.S. and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="9698009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698009" title="LeRoy E. Myers, Jr.">
LeRoy E. Myers, Jr.

LeRoy E. Myers, Jr. (born October 8, 1951) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Maryland.
Background.
LeRoy Myers was first elected into the Maryland House of Delegates in 2003 to represent District 1C, which covers Allegany & Washington Counties. He defeated long-time delegate and Speaker of the House, Casper R. Taylor. Taylor had been a staunch proponent of bring slot machines into Maryland, but with his defeat by Myers, the passage of slots has remained in limbo, until the 2008 referendum. In 2006, he easily defeated a political newcomer, Brian Grim.
Education.
Myers attended Hagerstown Community College.
Career.
Myers served in U.S. Army Reserves from 1970–76. He is the owner of a General Contracting Company in Western Maryland, MYERS BUILDING SYSTEMS. Myers formed Myers Building Systems in 1985 after working for over 15 years with his father's company, LeRoy Myers, Inc. During those years Myers had the opportunity to grow a general contracting division and in 1985 purchased the assets from the family business and started Myers Building Systems. He currently is a member of the Hagerstown-Washington County, Allegany County, and Hancock Chambers of commerce. He is also a member of the National Federation of Independent Businesses. His business has expanded since the start up in 1985 to more than seven times the volume. Myers Building is responsible for more than 2500 structures in the Tri State area, but mainly has been successful in building car dealerships. Myers Building Systems has had the opportunity to assist in the design of about every type of automobile dealership, including Mercedes, Toyota, Honda, VW, Kia, Ford, Chevrolet, Dodge, Chrysler, Nissan, Subaru, Mazda, Mitsubishi, and the firm is currently under contract to build a new Acura dealership. Other projects include private schools and industrial warehouses, working for Fortune 500 firms such as Staples and FedEx.
Legislative notes.
In 2007, Myers made a proposal to "prohibit motorists from displaying anything resembling or depicting 'anatomically correct' or 'less than completely and opaquely covered' human or animal genitals, human buttocks or female breasts". He was referring to the popular accessories for pickup trucks and other vehicles known as, Truck nuts, calling the dangling testicles "vulgar and immoral," and stated that his proposal was made at the request of a constituent who was offended by the accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="9698021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698021" title="Towers on Capitol Mall">
Towers on Capitol Mall

The Towers on Capitol Mall were two 53-story, 615 foot (187 m) mixed-use towers to be built in downtown Sacramento, California. The buildings (The Towers on Capitol Mall I & II) were planned to have 804 condominia, a 200 room InterContinental Hotel, and ground floor retail. Rumoured retailers include Gucci, Prada, Kenneth Cole and Tiffany & Co. The Towers are notable due to the massive scope and scale of the building, and it would have easily surpassed the city's current tallest building, the 423 foot (129 m) Wells Fargo Center. The project had been on hold since January 7, 2007 due to liens being filed against developer John Saca, totaling $7.3 million. Calpers and Deustche Bank have been the primary financial support for the project, however stipulating conditions have led to the collapse of the project. CalPERS is now teaming up with Los Angeles-based CIM to develop the downtown Sacramento block into a similar but smaller high-rise construction project consisting of a hotel, condominia and office space. The project would incorporate the original foundation piles that were driven into the bedrock in 2006 to support the weight of the 615-foot (187 m) skyscrapers.
Location.
The Towers would have been located at the address 301 Capitol Mall, a prominent location near the Tower Bridge and within a few blocks from the California State Capitol which at one time was home to the "Sacramento Union" newspaper.
Project's Status.
Currently, the project has ceased sales and construction, until picked up by CalPERS and CIM. The project's title/escrow firm, First American Title Company is in the process of returning all earnest deposits to the buyers. These deposits had been earning interest in a special money market-style account since early 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698024" title="Welsh Cycling">
Welsh Cycling

Welsh Cycling (. Formerly the Welsh Cycling Union) is "the internationally recognised" governing body of cycling in Wales. It has over eighty cycling clubs in Wales. It administers all six cycling disciplines—BMX; cyclo-cross; mountain biking (downhill and cross-country); road racing; time trials; and track racing. Welsh Cycling is responsible for all aspects of sports cycling in Wales including competitions and racing licences and organising the Wales Commonwealth Games cycling team.
Welsh Cycling is based at the Wales National Velodrome, Newport International Sports Village, Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="9698034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698034" title="Bangin Westcoast">
Bangin Westcoast

Bangin West Coast is the second album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly. The advance leaked in 2006 but was officially released on May 8, 2007 through Gangsta Advisory Records.
Album Chart Awards.
This Album was never charted on the Billboard but has nearly sold 3,200 copies world wide today.

</doc>
<doc id="9698051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698051" title="Inter Bom-Bom">
Inter Bom-Bom

Inter Bom-Bom is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship. The team is based in the settlement of Mé-Zóchi in the island of São Tomé. The team has won three titles and is the eight team ever to win their first title in 1995, their second was in 2000 and their third and last was in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9698053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698053" title="List of U.S. Routes in New York">
List of U.S. Routes in New York

There are currently 17 U.S. Routes—15 mainline routes and two official special routes—that exist entirely or partially in New York. In New York, U.S. Routes are mostly maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT), with some exceptions. U.S. Routes in New York are generally directly referenced by NYSDOT with their number; however, the letter "U" is suffixed to the number of the route on reference markers and in internal documents if there is numerical duplication between a U.S. Route and a state route. Two such numerical duplications exist: U.S. Route 2 and New York State Route 2 (US 2 and NY 2; inventoried as "2U" and "2", respectively), and US 15 and NY 15 ("15U" and "15"). A third would exist between US 220 and NY 220; however, the New York portion of US 220 is locally maintained.
The "From" column indicates the southern or western terminus of the route; likewise, the "To" column indicates the northern or eastern terminus of the route. The "mi" and "km" columns give the length of the route in miles and kilometers, respectively. Designations that are shaded in dark gray are numbers not currently assigned to a highway.
Special routes.
Unofficial special routes (those not formally recognized by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials):

</doc>
<doc id="9698063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698063" title="Farid Zaland">
Farid Zaland

Farid Zoland () is an ethnic Tajik, Farsiwan (Persian) from Afghanistan, a composer who is credited with writing and composing numerous songs for Iranian singers, notably Googoosh, Dariush Eghbali & Ebi.
His family includes Ustad Zaland and singers Shahla Zaland and Wahid Zaland.

</doc>
<doc id="9698064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698064" title="Making History (play)">
Making History (play)

Making History is a play written by Irish playwright Brian Friel in 1989. It is set in Ireland in August 1591 and focuses on the real-life plight of Aodh Mór Ó Néill, Earl of Tyrone, who led an Irish and Spanish alliance against the English in an attempt to drive them out of Ireland. The play is set before and after the Battle of Kinsale. The battle does not directly feature in the play, although it is central to the plot. 
The play's other main theme is O'Neill's unexpected third marriage to the much younger, English-born Mabel Bagenal, daughter and sister of his most implacable enemies, which the play presents as a genuine though ill-fated love marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9698075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698075" title="Zemaitis Guitars">
Zemaitis Guitars

Zemaitis Guitars is a British guitar-manufacturing company based in Tokyo, Japan. The company's guitars are based on designs by the Lithuanian luthier Tony Zemaitis. The company is led by his son, Tony Zemaitis, Jr., and produces both electric and acoustic guitars.
History.
Tony Zemaitis began producing guitars in the 1950s and entered the guitar making profession full-time in 1965. During the 1970s, he began experimenting with placing a metal shield on the top of the guitar in order to eliminate microphonic noise picked up by the guitars' pickups. To enhance the visual aspect of the guitars, Zemaitis enlisted the skills of gun engraver Danny O'Brien. The designs include elaborate pearl inlay, either of figures like dragons and skulls or complete mosaic-like inlaid tops.
Since Zemaitis Sr.'s death in 2002, the Zemaitis family continued the guitar-building business in Tokyo, offering both high-end hand-built guitars, and a more affordable "Greco Zemaitis" line of guitars. The current production is based on original drawings by Tony Zemaitis Sr.
Guitars made by Zemaitis are featured in a museum in Tokyo.
Zemaitis guitars do not have as high a public profile as other brands, but are noteworthy for being played by Jimi Hendrix, Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, Ronnie Wood, Ronnie Lane of Faces, George Harrison, Richie Sambora of Bon Jovi, Gary Grainger of Rod Stewart, Charlie Starr of Blackberry Smoke and James Hetfield of Metallica.

</doc>
<doc id="9698085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698085" title="Benchalak District">
Benchalak District

Benchalak () is a district ("Amphoe") of Sisaket Province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on May 31, 1993, when five "tambon" were split off from Kantharalak district. It was upgraded to a full district on December 5, 1996.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Kantharalak, Si Rattana, Nam Kliang and Non Khun of Sisaket Province, Det Udom and Thung Si Udom of Ubon Ratchathani Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 64 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9698097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698097" title="Horizontalidad">
Horizontalidad

Horizontality or horizontalism is a social relationship that advocates the creation, development, and maintenance of social structures for the equitable distribution of management power. These structures and relationships function as a result of dynamic self-management, involving the continuity of participation and exchange between individuals to achieve the larger desired outcomes of the collective whole.
Origin.
As a specific term, "horizontalidad" is attributed to the radical movements that sprouted in December 2001, in Argentina, after the economic crisis. According to Marina Sitrin, it is a new social creation. Different from many social movements of the past, it rejected political programs, opting instead to create directly democratic spaces and new social relationship.
The related term "horizontals" arose during the anti-globalisation European Social Forum in London in 2004 to describe people organising in a style where they "aspire to an open relationship between participants, whose deliberative encounters (rather than representative status) form the basis of any decisions," in contrast to "verticals" who "assume the existence and legitimacy of representative structures, in which bargaining power is accrued on the basis of an electoral mandate (or any other means of selection to which the members of an organisation assent)".
Horizontalidad is related to the theories of communist anarchism, social ecology and libertarian municipalism, autonomist marxism and participatory economics. According to these schools of thought, horizontality seems to be a necessary factor for real freedom because it allows personal autonomy within a framework of social equality. These approaches advocate a kind of socialist direct democracy and workers' councils ("autogestion") or community/neighborhood councils.
According to Paul Mason, "the power of the horizontalist movements is, first, their replicability by people who know nothing about theory, and secondly, their success in breaking down the hierarchies that seek to contain them. They are exposed to a montage of ideas, in a way that the structured, difficult-to-conquer knowledge of the 1970s and 1980s did not allow (...) The big question for horizontalist movements is that as long as you don’t articulate against power, you’re basically doing what somebody has called ""reform by riot"": a guy in a hoodie goes to jail for a year so that a guy in a suit can get his law through parliament".
Practice.
Neka, a participant in the unemployed workers movement of Solano, outside Buenos Aires, Argentina, described "horizontalidad" as:

</doc>
<doc id="9698112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698112" title="Aanch">
Aanch

Aanch is a Hindi movie directed by Rajesh Kumar Singh. Nana Patekar, Paresh Rawal, Suchindra and Sharbani Mukherjee played the lead roles. It's an epic love story set against the background of a crime ridden some parts of rural Uttar Pradesh. Sanjeev-Darshan scored the music for the movie.
Plot.
Nana Patekar and Paresh Rawal belong to two different villages. They hate each other for reasons best known to them. Suchindra's father (residing in Paresh's village) and Sharbani's brother (a resident of Nana's village) decide to get them Suchindra and Sharbani Mukherjee married.
The preparations to the marriage ceremony begin and neither the boy nor the girl knowing what the other looks like. In the meanwhile, the two villages get ready to confront each other in case of a quarrel. The wedding ceremony is underway when the revelry between the two village head starts and the guns roar. The bride and the groom come to the town. They are happy to escape the brutal world of rural India to find their own careers and future. They first bump into each other in the train, then in the college, completely unaware of all facts. For Suchindra, its love at first sight, but Sharbani doesn't respond to his overtures. Later she packs her bags and heads straight for her village. In the meanwhile, Suchinder learns that Sharbani is his legally-wedded wife and he decides to get her back from the clutches of two warring villages.

</doc>
<doc id="9698114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698114" title="Maciej Kuś">
Maciej Kuś

Maciej Kuś (born August 2, 1982 in Sosnowiec, Poland) is a Polish figure skater. He is the 2004-2005 Polish National Champion, and competed once at the European Figure Skating Championships, where he placed 27th. He competed twice at the World Figure Skating Championships, placing 31st in 2003 and 34th in 2005. He was 23rd at the 2002 Junior Worlds and placed 16th at the Winter Universiade in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9698123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698123" title="LeRoy Myers">
LeRoy Myers

LeRoy Myers (November 10, 1919 – April 26, 2004) was an African American tap dancer and manager of the Copasetics. He was born in North Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and learned to tap dance on the street corners of Philadelphia.
When Bill "Bojangles" Robinson died in 1949, LeRoy Myers and some close friends were inspired to form the Copasetics, named after Bill Robinsons' favorite expression, "Everything is Copasetic." The Copasetics was a fraternity of black entertainers that were influential in the revival of tap dancing in the late 1970s through the 1980s.
LeRoy Myers was elected as the club's first president. The original membership included Billy Strayhorn, James "Chuckles" Walker, Charles "Cookie" Cook, Luther "Slim" Preston, Henry "Phace" Roberts, Johnny Rocket, Pete Nugent, Honi Coles, Cholly Atkins, Peg Leg Bates, Ernest Brown, Milton Larkin, Francis Goldberg, Frank Goldberg, Emory Evans, Elmer Waters, Roy Branker, Paul Black, Eddie West, and Chink Collins.
LeRoy Myers moved to New York City in the 1930s and was the producer of the weekly tap jam sessions at the Showmans Jazz Club in Harlem. He was the recipient of the 2004 Honi Coles Reward and was going to be honored during Tap Extravaganza 2004 on May 30.
He died a month before the Tap Extravaganza from cancer at the age of 84.
To commemorate his accomplishments, on March 11, 2006 the LeRoy Myers Corner street sign, on the northeast corner of 122nd Street and Manhattan Avenue in New York City, was unveiled by LeRoy's only surviving brother, Walter Myers.
The ceremony was attended by about 20 relatives that had traveled from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as well as Harold "Stumpy" Cromer of the tap team Stump and Stumpy, dancer Norma Miller, and many others.
LeRoy Myers was an honorary board member of the Tap Legacy Foundation (TLF).
On May 25, 2006, a commemorative plaque honoring the memory of LeRoy Myers was presented at Showmans by TLF.

</doc>
<doc id="9698130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698130" title="Gibraltar Cycling Association">
Gibraltar Cycling Association

The Gibraltar Cycling Association is the governing body for bicycle racing in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar.
The national governing body for the territory is British Cycling in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9698145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698145" title="Kateri Akiwenzie-Damm">
Kateri Akiwenzie-Damm

Kateri Akiwenzie-Damm is an Anishinaabe writer of mixed ancestry from the Chippewas of Nawash First Nation. She lives and works at Neyaashiinigmiing, Cape Croker Reserve on the Saugeen Peninsula in southwestern Ontario, and in Ottawa. 
A cultural worker with an activist bent, Kateri has initiated many important projects on behalf of Indigenous writers of Turtle Island (North America) and active collaborations with artists and publishers in Aotearoa/New Zealand and Australia. A spoken word artist and literary performer as well as poet, writer, editor, and communications consultant, Ms. Akiwenzie-Damm works both behind the scenes and before live audiences.
In 1993, she established Kegedonce Press, one of very few literary publishing houses devoted to indigenous writers. It continues to produce anthologies and single author books of distinction. Acclaimed Canadian authors Basil H. Johnston (Ojibway), Marilyn Dumont (Métis) and Gregory Scofield (Métis) are among those who have published books through Kegedonce Press. She is both founder and managing editor of the press.
Akiwenzie-Damm has edited two anthologies: "skins: Contemporary indigenous writing" (2000, with Josie Douglas), and "Without Reservation: Indigenous Erotica" (2003). These offer works drawn from a variety of Indigenous cultures and artistic traditions from Canada, the United States, Hawaii, Australia and Aotearoa/New Zealand. Each anthology is co-published with another Indigenous press from the southern hemisphere. She also came up with the concept, initiated, and advocated internationally for support for "Honouring Words: International Indigenous Authors Celebration Tour." This was an international event involving indigenous authors from Canada, US, Australia and Aotearoa/New Zealand. The first, and most successful, of the three international tours was also organized by Akiwenzie-Damm.
Bibliography.
CDs.
"Standing Ground" with The Nishin Spoken Word Project, Nishin Productions, Cape Croker Reserve, ON. 2003. "A Constellation of Bones", in collaboration with various artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9698152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698152" title="Isle of Man Cycling Association">
Isle of Man Cycling Association

The Isle of Man Cycling Association is the local governing body for bicycle racing on the Isle of Man.
The national governing body for the island is British Cycling.
Notable Manx cyclists have included the world championship rider, Millie Robinson; the 1970s professionals Nigel Dean and Steve Joughin; and Mark Cavendish, a Commonwealth Games medallist who rode in the 2007 and 2008 Tour de France - winning 4 stages in the '08 edition, and a British record of 6 stages in '09.
The Isle of Man, being outside the jurisdiction of Great Britain, where the National Cyclists' Union had a self-imposed ban on massed racing on the roads, provided massed races for riders from the UK. Some of these events grew into the Manx Cycling Week, which followed and was based on the TT motorcycle races. The biggest races were the Manx International, over three laps of the Snaefell TT course, and the Manx Premier for professional riders using a shorter circuit through Clypse.
The Isle of Man Cycling Association administers racing on the island and selects teams to represent it but the island is otherwise represented by British Cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="9698162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698162" title="Noxer block">
Noxer block

Noxer blocks are concrete pavers that feature a 5-7 mm thick coating of titanium dioxide (TiO2) atop a cement mortar layer. Titanium dioxide is a heterogeneous photocatalyst that uses sunlight to absorb and render oxides of nitrogen (NO and NO2) harmless by converting them to nitrate ions (NO3-), which are then either washed away by rain or soaked into the concrete to form stable compounds.
Mechanism.
When titanium dioxide is exposed to ultraviolet radiation from sunlight, it absorbs the radiation and electron excitation occurs. The following reactions then occur on the surface of the titanium dioxide crystals:
Photolysis of water:
H2O → H+ + OH (hydroxyl radical) + e-
O2 + e- → O2- (a superoxide ion)
The overall reaction is therefore:
H2O + O2 → H+ + O2- + OH
The hydroxyl radical is a powerful oxidizing agent and can oxidize nitrogen dioxide to nitrate ions:
NO2 + OH → H+ + NO3-
The superoxide ion is also able to form nitrate ions from nitrogen monoxide:
NO + O2- → NO3-
The oxidation of NOx to nitrate ions occurs very slowly under normal atmospheric conditions because of the low concentrations of the reactions. The photochemical oxidation with the aid of titanium dioxide is much faster because of the energy absorbed by the coating on the block and also because the reactants are held together on the surface of the block. The reaction using titanium dioxide shows a greater oxidizing power than most other metal-based catalysts.
Noxer blocks have replaced ordinary paving in around 30 towns in Japan, originally having been tested in Osaka in 1997 and can also be found underfoot in the City of Westminster (London).
The noxer blocks aim to reduce these pollution levels and therefore lower the amount of photochemical smog.

</doc>
<doc id="9698171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698171" title="Samuel Zygmuntowicz">
Samuel Zygmuntowicz

Samuel Zygmuntowicz (born 1956) is a contemporary luthier. He began his instrument making training when he was thirteen years old and studied making and restoration under Peter Prier, Carl Becker and René Morel.
Zygmuntowicz was born in Philadelphia and is a graduate of the Violin Making School of America in Salt Lake City. Later he received five years of additional training in the restoration workshop of Jacques Français and René A. Morel. Since 1985 he has been based in Brooklyn, New York, often making replicas of classic instruments.
Isaac Stern owned two of his violins. After Stern died in 2001, both violins were sold at a Tarisio auction in 2003. Each violin surpassed the previous record for the highest price paid for a string instrument by a living maker at auction. One of the instruments sold in 2003 was a Guarneri-model violin made by Zygmuntowicz in 1994 for Stern. That 1994 violin held the record for the highest price paid for a string instrument by a living maker at auction until the record was broken in October 2013. The violin was sold by Tarisio for US$130,000.
In their 2008 recording of Bach fugues, the Emerson String Quartet all played Zygmuntowicz instruments.
Strad3D.
Zygmuntowicz is the creative director of the Strad3D project, which The Strad Library called "One of the most groundbreaking and comprehensive studies of the violin form ever conceived." It involved the first ever 3D laser vibration scanning of Stradivari and Guarneri violins, and included acoustic testing and CT scanning. Zygmuntowicz turned the endeavor into a broad collaborative project including traditional documentation, musical performance, dendrochronology, and documentary film. The interactive DVD, which includes images and scientific research from the collaboration, was published and is available for purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="9698180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698180" title="Agneta Gille">
Agneta Gille

Agneta Gille (born 1956 in Österbybruk) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9698208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698208" title="Agneta Lundberg">
Agneta Lundberg

Agneta Lundberg, born 1947, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9698258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698258" title="Agneta Ringman">
Agneta Ringman

Agneta Ringman, born 1949, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698261" title="Jalil Zaland">
Jalil Zaland

Ustad Jalil Zaland () (also spelled as Ustad Zoland & استاد زولاند) (c. 1935 – 30 April 2009) is a veteran singer of Afghanistan's golden music era.
He is the father of Farid Zaland, Shala Zaland, Soheila Zaland, Wahid Zaland, Mina Zaland, Mirwais Zaland, and Mahmood Zaland. He was one of the early teachers of Ahmad Wali. The Zaland's are Persian speakers, as a result, Jalil Zaland's classic melodies were also highly acclaimed in Iran and Tajikistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9698267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698267" title="Ochre-marked parakeet">
Ochre-marked parakeet

The Ochre-marked Parakeet ("Pyrrhura cruentata") is a species of parrot native to Brazil. It is also known as Blue-throated Parakeet, and Red-eared Conure in English and Cotorra Tiriba and Perico Grande in Spanish.
It is listed as Vulnerable (VU) on the IUCN Red List.
Description.
This colourful parakeet is a predominantly green bird with conspicuous red patches on its belly, rump, and shoulder and before, below and behind the eye. The crown is dark brown to blackish, becoming mottled on the nape of the neck, and there is a broad, bright blue bib on the chest, extending thinly around the back of the neck to form a faint collar. The outer primaries are blue, and the tail is olive-green above, and brownish red below.
Habitat.
It inhabits the canopy of lowland humid forest and edge, occasionally up to 960 meters. It has also been recorded in small clearings and selectively logged forest, and persists (or at least persisted) in agricultural areas where many forest trees are retained (such as shade cocoa plantations). It feeds on seeds and fruit of secondary growth trees such as "Trema micrantha" and "Cecropia". Feeding on agricultural crops has not been observed in the wild. Breeding apparently occurs in the austral spring, when 2-4 eggs are laid in a tree-cavity.
Distribution.
"Pyrrhura cruentata" was formerly common throughout much of south-east Bahia, Espírito Santo, east Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Its current distribution is highly fragmented and now mostly restricted to isolated reserves. The stronghold is the Sooretama Biological Reserve and adjacent Linhares Forest Reserve, Espírito Santo. It remains common in Estação Vera Cruz (formerly the Porto Seguro Reserve), Bahia. Elsewhere it can be relatively common, but numbers in the large Chapada da Diamantina and Monte Pascoal National Parks, Bahia, appear low.
Population.
The population is estimated at 4.8 to 41 individuals per square kilometer times 1030 square kilometers for a total between 4944 and 42,230 individuals. It is best placed within the band 2500-9999 individuals.(Marsden et al. ).
Threats.
Extensive and continuing forest clearance is responsible for its current fragmented distribution. Its apparent tolerance of shade cacao plantations provides little hope because shading techniques since the 1980s have involved the use of banana and "Erythryna" trees, rather than standing forest, and unstable prices have resulted in conversion to pasture. Many remaining populations are now affected by site-specific threats such as conflicts between habitat conservation and the rights of local communities in Monte Pascoal National Park. Trapping for the cage-bird trade is a relatively new phenomenon, but the species is rare in national and international markets.
Conservation Efforts.
The bird is listed on CITES Appendix I and II and is protected by Brazilian law. It occurs in Chapada da Diamantina and Monte Pascoal National Parks, Barrolândia Experimental Station, Linhares Forest Reserve, Caratinga Reserve, Rio Doce and probably Desengano State Parks, and Córrego Grande, Córrego do Veado and Sooretama Biological Reserves.

</doc>
<doc id="9698272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698272" title="Candyfloss and Medicine">
Candyfloss and Medicine

Candyfloss and Medicine is the third studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 8 July 1996, which peaked #24 in the UK charts.
Two singles were released in the UK: "Town without pity" and "Medicine" with various additional tracks including two covers from brother Frank's band Trashcan Sinatras: "Earlies" and "Sex Lives" and, nearly a decade before the hugely successful Robert Burns project, "John Anderson My Joe" and "Green Grow the Rashes".
The US release of the album the following year was enhanced by three additional tracks: "Sugar on the Pill", "If You Got a Minute, Baby" and "Shall I Be Mother?" which featured ex-Suede guitarist Bernard Butler. The UK single "Town Without Pity" was dropped for this version.

</doc>
<doc id="9698276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698276" title="The Shame of Life">
The Shame of Life

"The Shame of Life" is a song by American alternative rock band Butthole Surfers, from their 2001 album Weird Revolution. The song was released as a CD single in Australia and peaked at #24 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks.
It reached number 93 in Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9698300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698300" title="Anders Bengtsson">
Anders Bengtsson

Anders Bengtsson, born 1968, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 2002–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698312" title="Montemagno, Pisa">
Montemagno, Pisa

The village of Montemagno is situated in the comune of Calci, Province of Pisa, Tuscany, Italy, some 15 km East of Pisa, 2 km East of Calci. The name Montemagno is vulgar for Mons Ianus, Latin for Monte Giano, dedicated to the Roman god Janus (from whom we have the word January). 
The village is very old. It is first mentioned in the charter of the Monastery of S. Savino in year 780. The village is surrounded by olive groves.
There are three churches in Montemagno. The oldest one is S. Martino, not any longer within the village proper (see below). In 1021 walls were erected around the village, but S. Martino was a few hundred meters away and left out. Within the walls a new church was erected in 1076 (the belltower was founded in 1786 and finished in 1811). The new church is named Santa Maria della Neve. The village continued to develop around the new church, and the old one was abandoned. The third church is a chapel and is named Chiesino di S. Rocco. It was erected in 1632 by the 90 grateful surviving inhabitants after the plague in 1630 took 272 lives in the village. 
In 1880, the comune of Montemagno was integrated into the comune of Calci. About 200 people live in the village today.
On 15 February 1145 Pietro Bernardo Paganelli from Montemagno was elected the 167th Pope. He took the name Pope Eugene III.
References.
La Storia di Calci, Mario E. Martini, 1976, Reprint 2001, ISBN 88-88327-08-8

</doc>
<doc id="9698323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698323" title="Diocese of Killaloe">
Diocese of Killaloe

The Diocese of Killaloe may refer either to a Roman Catholic or a Church of Ireland (Anglican) diocese, in Ireland.
Roman Catholic diocese.
The Diocese of Killaloe is the second largest Roman Catholic diocese in Ireland.
It comprises the greater part of County Clare, a large portion of County Tipperary, and parts of Counties Offaly, Laois and Limerick, stretching from Birr Parish in the north to Toomevara Parish in the East and to Cross Parish on the Loop Head peninsula in the south-west of the diocese. 
The Pro-Cathedral for the Catholic Diocese is in Ennis.
Killaloe is a suffragan diocese of Cashel.
Bishop Kieran O'Reilly is the current Bishop of Killaloe.
Church of Ireland Diocese.
In the Church of Ireland divisions, the diocese is now part of the United Diocese of Limerick and Killaloe. The pre-Reformation St. Flannan's Cathedral is the Cathedral.
The present bishop is the Right Reverend Trevor Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="9698368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698368" title="Anders Karlsson (politician)">
Anders Karlsson (politician)

Anders Karlsson, born 1951, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9698416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698416" title="Weekapaug, Rhode Island">
Weekapaug, Rhode Island

Weekapaug is a small fire district in southern Washington County, Rhode Island. It is part of the town of Westerly, Rhode Island, and is a small beachfront community that is also a census-designated place. Weekapaug lies in the Eastern Time Zone and observes daylight saving time. 
History.
Weekapaug has many private roads running through it and isn't as well known as neighboring Watch Hill, Rhode Island. It has had summer cottages since 1877. Weekapaug was known as Noyes Beach from 1701 to 1899. It was named after Reverend James Noyes who had purchased of what was to become Weekapaug. Weekapaug is a Native American word meaning "end of pond". Niantics, Pequots, and Narrangansetts lived in this area before early settlers arrived.
In 1899, Frederick and Phebe Buffum opened the Weekapaug Inn for a first summer season of guests.
On September 21, 1938, The Hurricane of 1938 swept the barrier beach clean of houses and irreparably damaged the Weekapaug Inn. See Fredrick C. Buffum's first hand account. The Weekapaug Inn was rebuilt and reopened for guests in June 1939.
Geography.
Two large saltwater ponds, Winnapaug Pond and Quonochontaug Pond, dominate the map of the area. The area just west of the breachway and channel that lead to Winnapaug pond defines the western area of Weekapaug and the breachway that leads to the Quonochontaug Pond is the eastern edge of the fire district. Both breachways are lined with rock jetties. Most of the rock is granite which was readily available in Westerly and used to be its number one industry. The breachway and jetties on Winnapaug were completed on May 5, 1954. The permanent breachway leading to Quonochontaug was completed on October 31, 1961.
In popular culture.
The song ""Weekapaug Groove"" by the band Phish is named after the area. The song does not appear on any of their studio albums, but does appear on many of their live albums, such as "Slip Stitch and Pass".
In several episodes of Family Guy, cutaways mention Weekapaug as the location of a fictional establishment, "Al Harrington's Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man Emporium and Warehouse".

</doc>
<doc id="9698420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698420" title="Anita Johansson (politician)">
Anita Johansson (politician)

Anita Johansson, born 1944, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1979 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698425" title="Komorniki Festival of Organ and Chamber Music">
Komorniki Festival of Organ and Chamber Music

The Komorniki Festival of Organ and Chamber Music () is a summer series of concerts held annually in Komorniki, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland. The festival was established with Polish conductor and organist Krzysztof Czerwinski as its Artistic Director.
The festival features choral, organ and chamber music concerts among its events held in local churches including St Andrew's Church, Komorniki, St Florian's Church, Wiry and St Faustyna's Church, Plewiska.
2006 Edition.
CD recording.
CD recording of the Festival

</doc>
<doc id="9698426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698426" title="Bueng Bun District">
Bueng Bun District

Bueng Bun () is a district ("Amphoe") of Sisaket Province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on July 18, 1977, when the four "tambon" Po, Dot, Siao and Nong Ma were split off from Uthumphon Phisai district. 1979 all subdistricts except Po were returned to Uthumphon Phisai. The minor district was upgraded to a full district on July 4, 1994.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Rasi Salai, Uthumphon Phisai and Pho Si Suwan of Sisaket Province, and Rattanaburi of Surin Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 2 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 25 villages ("muban"). Bueng Bun is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of both "tambon". There is further 1 Tambon administrative organization (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9698444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698444" title="Love Potion No. 9">
Love Potion No. 9

Love Potion No. 9 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9698571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698571" title="Franz Joseph Spiegler">
Franz Joseph Spiegler

Franz Joseph Spiegler (5 April 1691 – 15 April 1757) was a German Baroque painter. He is best known for his frescoes, which decorate many of the churches and monasteries along the Upper Swabian Baroque Route. The frescoes in the Zwiefalten Abbey are considered his masterpiece.
Spiegler was born the Free Imperial City of Wangen im Allgäu, the son of a district court attorney. After the death of his father in 1692, his mother married the painter Adam Joseph Dollmann, a member of an old patrician family in Wangen. This was Spiegler's introduction to the arts. Around 1710 Spiegler began training as a painter in Munich under the tutelage of his great-uncle, the Bavarian court painter Johann Kaspar Sing. During the course of his studies, Spiegler also became acquainted with the historical painting in vogue with the Dutch painters of the time. From 1723 to 1725 Spiegler painted frescoes in the Ottobeuren Abbey that show the strong influence of the Italian painter Jacopo Amigoni (1682–1752). Later he also created frescoes and oil paintings for numerous monasteries, churches, and castles in the regions of Upper Swabia, Lake Constance, the Black Forest, and the Upper Rhine. In 1757 Spiegler died in Konstanz.

</doc>
<doc id="9698572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698572" title="Anita Jönsson">
Anita Jönsson

Anita Jönsson, born 1947, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1988 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698599" title="Sriniwaspuri">
Sriniwaspuri

Sriniwaspuri is a small Colony located in the southern part of Delhi, India. This Colony has two mainly two Sub-colonies - government colony and private colony. The government colony has Type-I, Type-II and Type-II flats under General Pool Residential Accommodation of Central Government maintained by CPWD and residents here are employees of various Central and attached government offices and their family members. The private colony was initially developed as J.J.Colony Sriniwaspuri and the original residents of this JJ Colony had been residing at Bela Road Jhuggi Basti near Rajghat and the residents were Rajasthani and Punjabi/Multani/Sindhi/Janghi. Being poor they had been working in and around Purani Delhi area, Yamuna area etc. Most of them were labourer, Mason, etc. In 1961, after a fire accident this Juggi Basti had burnt and at that time while Pt. Jawahar Lal Nehru was the Prime Minister of India Government allotted 80 Sq.Yds Plots with a loan of Rs.1000/- to built home to every family. At that time first of all 94 Plots in J Block were allotted to Rajasthani families and Block K, L,M,N and O were allotted to remaining people Punjabi/Multani/Sindhi/Jhangi people were largest at that time too. Therefore, it is cleared that most of original residents of Sriniwaspuri residing in Blocks-J,K,L,M,N,O have been residing in Sriniwaspuri since 1961 and they may be residing in Delhi since 1951 or earlier. Thereafter, local people and other people came in this Colony and encroached the land and resulting there are new blocks i.e. Block-P, Q, R, S, & T blocks. Difference may be seen easily that on one hand J.J. Colony having Blocks-J,K,L,M,N,O is well planned with roads and buildings on the other hand the blocks in the later encroached land i.e. Block-P,Q,R,S & T are very very congested and unplanned buildings. Now, this part has also be known as Private Colony Extension. The private colony extension of Sriniwaspuri is a congested place and grappling with basic issues such as water supply, electricity and encroachment. This Sriniwas Puri has many unregulated businesses such as provisional stores, dairies, confectionery shops, etc. Over the years, the place has commercialised so much that many residents have started leaving the place.
Sriniwaspuri has its own Public Library, Post Office and Police Chowki under Amar Colony police state earlier it had own Police Station, and it also has the famous Bharat Sevasharam Mandir (Hathi Wala Mandir). There is also a CGHS Dispensary, MCD Allopathic Dispensary, MCD Maternity Centre, MCD Homoeopatic Dispensary, MCD Unani Dispensary. The town has several parks (Parks in Government Colony type-II flats are is only well maintained other of them are not seems to be maintained ) for children to play. Most weekends, the play grounds are a sight to watch as you get to see multiple cricket teams playing on the same ground at same time.
The town has government run primary and secondary schools separately for boys and girls. Government Boys School is called as G.B.Pant Sarvodaya Bal Vidyalaya. Girls schools have good discipline and reputation. It seems that there is no discipline in G.B. Pant Boys School because the students may be seen wandering everywhere in school timing frequently in groups wasting their time. School Administration has not seems to be worried about the future of its students. There is one private school called Cambridge School it is one of the best school in South Delhi. There is also one Arya Samaj Vidyalaya maintained by Arya Samaj Mandir.
There are 3 famous parks here, an ideal for cricketers. these are TOURNAMENT 1, TOURNAMENT 2 and TOURNAMENT 3. TOURNAMENT 1 is also used to arrange marriages. now the condition of sriniwaspuri is improving.

</doc>
<doc id="9698600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698600" title="Ann-Marie Fagerström">
Ann-Marie Fagerström

Ann-Marie Fagerström, born 1953, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698625" title="Annika Nilsson">
Annika Nilsson

Annika Nilsson, born 1971, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698644" title="Reading High School">
Reading High School

Reading High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9698654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698654" title="List of numbered highways in New York">
List of numbered highways in New York

The New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) is responsible for the establishment and classification of a state highway network which includes Interstate Highways, U.S. Highways, and state routes. U.S. and Interstate Highways are classified as state routes in New York; however, a letter ("U" or "I", respectively) is suffixed to the number of the route. As a result, there is apparent duplication between U.S. Routes, Interstate Highways and state routes.
The New York state highway system is supplemented by the state's county route system, which comprises a series of highways numbered and maintained by the individual county highway departments. While neighboring New Jersey employs a statewide numbering system, no such system exists in New York. Instead, each county numbers its highways independently of other counties. As a result, county routes typically change numbers when they cross county lines.
In some cases, the state highway and county highway systems overlap. More specifically, some portions of U.S. Routes and state routes in New York are signed as U.S. Routes or state routes but are maintained by the county that the route lies within. These county-maintained segments also carry a county route designation that may or may not be posted alongside the U.S. or state designation, depending on the signing practices of the county. Some state routes, such as New York State Route 148 in Niagara County, are entirely county-maintained.
Thruway.
Highways maintained by the New York State Thruway Authority lack any signed numbers apart from Interstate Highway designations. While the vast majority of the Thruway system is part of the Interstate Highway System, some sections, such as the Berkshire Connector between Interstate 87 and Interstate 90, are unsigned reference routes. There are no standard NYSDOT reference markers on any of the highways; instead, the Thruway Authority posts their own mileposts, which (aside from the mainline) bear special Thruway codes. See the Thruway article for details.

</doc>
<doc id="9698663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698663" title="Arne Kjörnsberg">
Arne Kjörnsberg

Arne Kjörnsberg, born 1936, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 1985–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698708" title="Athlone (disambiguation)">
Athlone (disambiguation)

Athlone is a major town and River Shannon crossing in County Westmeath in Ireland.
Athlone may also refer to:
In geography:
In politics:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="9698726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698726" title="Costa Rican real">
Costa Rican real

The real was the currency of Costa Rica until 1850 and continued to circulate until 1864. It had no subdivisions. 16 silver reales equaled 1 gold escudo. The real was replaced by the peso at a rate of 1 peso = 8 reales.
Initially, Spanish and Spanish colonial reales circulated, followed in 1824 by the Central American Republic real. In 1842, Costa Rica issued its first coins, ½ real and 1 escudo pieces. These were followed in 1847 by 1 real coins. In 1850, when the first peso coins were issued, gold coins were issued for ½, 1 and 2 escudos. The last coins denominated in reales were issued in 1850, whilst the last escudo coins were issued in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="9698747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698747" title="Byzantium Endures">
Byzantium Endures

Byzantium Endures (1981) is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It is the first in the Pyat Quartet tetralogy.
The book is written in the first person from the point of view of unreliable narrator Maxim Arturovitch Pyatnitski, whose posthumous notes Moorcock claims to have transcribed.
Pyat, as he is also known, describes in the novel his adventures in Tsarist then Revolutionary Russia. Born on 1 January 1900 in Kiev, Pyat dreams from early on to become a great inventor and engineer.
His widowed mother, lacking any means to support his higher education, sends him at age 16 to a relative in Odessa, where Pyat is introduced to bohemian life, cocaine and sexual adventures.
Making a good impression on his relative, he secures a position at a technical university in St. Petersburg. After having failed to obtain a degree, he returns to Kiev, where he manages to profit from his knowledge of machinery and runs a successful repair enterprise.
The revolutionary and post revolutionary civil war bring him again to Odessa; on the way, he aligns with whatever group is in power. Finally, he manages to escape by ship to western Europe.
Throughout all his wanderings, Pyat will not pass over any opportunity for self-aggrandisement, despite being a genuinely despicable character. The character appears to have been addicted to cocaine and sex. He is also obsessively antisemitic despite multiple hints that his father was Jewish.

</doc>
<doc id="9698754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698754" title="University of Notre Dame Press">
University of Notre Dame Press

The University of Notre Dame Press is a university press that is part of the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana, United States. The press was founded in 1949, and is the largest Catholic university press in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9698755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698755" title="Barbro Hietala Nordlund">
Barbro Hietala Nordlund

Barbro Hietala Nordlund, born 1946, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag first 1994–1998 and then again 2001–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698782" title="Berndt Ekholm">
Berndt Ekholm

Berndt Ekholm, born 1944, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 1985–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698786" title="Bilibil language">
Bilibil language

Bil Bil is an Austronesian language spoken by about 1200 people near Madang town, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9698799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698799" title="Agnieszka Domańska">
Agnieszka Domańska

Agnieszka Domańska (born 8 March 1975 in Łódź) is a Polish former ice dancer. She and partner Marcin Głowacki trained in Łódź, coached by Maria Olszewska-Lelonkiewicz. 
Domańska / Głowacki placed 12th at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships in 1991, 20th and 21st at the World Figure Skating Championships in 1992 and 1993, respectively, and 19th, 14th, 15th at the European Figure Skating Championships in 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively. They also skated at the 1994 Olympic Games, where they placed 17th.
Earlier in her career, Domańska was a Polish national junior champion with Sebastian Kolasiński.

</doc>
<doc id="9698806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698806" title="Berndt Sköldestig">
Berndt Sköldestig

Berndt Sköldestig, 1944–2006, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 1998–2006. Sköldestg died in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9698838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698838" title="Wahclella Falls">
Wahclella Falls

Wahclella Falls is a waterfall along the Columbia River Gorge in Oregon.
The Columbia River Highway splits around exit # 40 that leads to the Bonneville Dam. The parking and access area for Wahclella Falls is slightly down the hill and to the right (for eastbound traffic) of the entrance to the dam.
Wahclella is at the midpoint of the well maintained trail number 436 loop that forms a roundtrip. The falls are divided into upper and lower segments with a combined height of , the upper section is not completely visible while the fully visible lower segment stands in height as it thunders out of a narrow gorge carved through dark gray basalt.
The plunge pool has a picturesque quality due to the surrounding natural walls that form a semi-circular rotunda extending from the falls to the main vantage point. As with most waterfalls, Wahclella does exhibit some seasonality of water flow. However, because Tanner Creek is sourced primarily by an underground spring, the flow is never dramatically affected by adverse weather.
Wahclella Falls was named after a nearby village of Native Americans by the Mazama mountaineering club in 1915. Although Wahclella Falls is its officially recognized name, the United States Geological Survey still records the waterfall as Tanner Creek Falls.
The United States Forest Service charges a fee or requires a pass for parking at the trail head.

</doc>
<doc id="9698861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698861" title="Ninaithale">
Ninaithale

Ninaithale is a 2007 Tamil movie starring Suchindra and Nargis Bagheri in the lead roles. This movie is the remake of the Telugu blockbuster movie "Anand". It is Suchindra's first Tamil movie as hero. The film is directed by Viswas Sundar who is also the producer for the films "Adhu" and "Chanakya".
Plot.
The story opens with a car accident in which Rupa (Nargis Bagheri) parents are killed due to carelessness of a drunken driver. She becomes an orphan but friends and neighbours support her and she gets a good job. She falls in love with Rahul, her colleague, and she accepts to marry him. On the other side there's Anand (Suchin),an US returned guy who is forced to attend a family friend’s wedding.
On the wedding day he meets the bride Rupa and its love at first sight for him. But soon the wedding is called off because of some arguments between Rupa and her future mother in law. Anand is very happy because the marriage gets cancelled.
Anand talks to Rupa and he admires her for her boldness. He completely falls in love with her. To win her love, he does lots of things like shifting his house nearer to hers, gradually developing friendship with her and finally entering into her heart. But when she starts to love him, she comes to know that Anand's father was the murderer of her parents. The rest of the story is about if the lovers will be united.
Production.
The movie was earlier entitled "Sweet". However, Sundar changed the title because of the announcement of the Tamil Nadu Government that Tamil films with Tamil names will be exempted from entertainment tax. The shooting of the song "Naanthaanaa Naanthaanaa" took place in Golkonda, capital and fortress city of the Qutb Shahi kingdom, near Hyderabad. Another important scene was shot in Kushaldass Garden in Chennai.
Reception.
The film received generally positive reviews but failed to create any impact at the box office due to non-prominent cast. Cinesouth reported the movie was 'sweet'. One India website reported that the movie was average priasing the acting of Nargis. Apun Ka Choice also gave good reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9698863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698863" title="Ray A. Robinson">
Ray A. Robinson

General Ray Albert Robinson (June 1, 1896 - March 26, 1976) was a United States Marine Corps general who served in the Corps more than 40 years. His long and colorful career included service in France during the First World War (as Aide-de-Camp to Smedley D. Butler), action at Guam and Iwo Jima in World War II, sea duty, and China service between World Wars. He also served in 1929 as Officer in Charge of the Marine Detachment which built President Herbert Hoover's Rapidan Camp mountain retreat near Criglersville, Virginia. Robinson twice earned the Legion of Merit with Combat "V" during World War II — the first for outstanding service in July and August 1944, as Chief of Staff of the 3d Marine Division during the planning and execution of the recapture of Guam; and the second for outstanding service from October 1944 to March 1945, as Chief of Staff of the 5th Marine Division during the preparation and combat phases of the Iwo Jima campaign.
After the Iwo Jima campaign General Robinson was made Assistant Commander of the 5th Marine Division, earning the Bronze Star for his service in that capacity during the occupation of Japan.
Biography.
Ray Albert Robinson was born on June 1, 1896, in Los Angeles, California, where he attended the University of Southern California before enlisting in the Marine Corps on May 21, 1917. After completing his recruit training he was commissioned a second lieutenant on October 9, 1917, and during the next year, he completed the course at the Officer's Training School, Quantico, Virginia, and joined the newly activated 13th Marine Regiment.
World War I.
After intensive training with the 13th Marines he embarked with that regiment for France in September 1918. Overseas he saw service as Aide-de-Camp to Brigadier General Smedley D. Butler.
Inter-war years.
Robinson returned from France in July 1919, and was stationed at Quantico until September 1921. He sailed shortly afterward to begin a two-year tour of duty at the Marine Barracks, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Returning to the Mainland in December 1923, he served briefly at Headquarters, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, California, before he was ordered to San Diego, California, in February 1924. There he served in a number of capacities, including duty with the Staff of the Commanding General, Western Mail Guard, during a wave of railway mail robberies. On completing that assignment, he joined the 4th Marine Regiment in January 1927, sailing with that unit for China the following month. In China, he later served on the staff of the Commanding General, 3rd Marine Brigade, at Shanghai, and at Tientsin as the Chinese Koumingtang Army advanced northward.
Robinson returned from China in March 1929, and the following month, he reported to Quantico, where he was attached while serving that summer as Officer in Charge of the Marine Detachment at President Hoover's summer camp. In September 1929, he entered the Company Officers Course in the Marine Corps Schools at Quantico, which he completed in June 1930. He then served briefly at San Diego before going to sea in October 1930, as commander of the Marine Detachment aboard the . Completing that tour of duty in September 1932, he was ordered to the Marine Barracks at the Puget Sound Navy Yard, Bremerton, Washington, where he served in various capacities for almost three years.
In August 1935, Robinson was again ordered to Quantico, where he served as Post Maintenance Officer and Safety Engineer before entering the Senior Course in August, 1938. Graduating in May 1939, he was ordered once more to China. There he served successively as Executive and Operations Officer of the Marine Detachment at the American Embassy, Peiping; as commander of the Marine Detachment at Tientsin, and as commander of Marine Forces, North China, and the embassy detachment at Peiping. He returned to the United States in June 1941, and the following month, he reported to Marine Corps Headquarters, Washington, D.C., to become Assistant Officer in Charge of the Personnel Section, Division of Plans and Policies. He took charge of that section in April 1942. Thus, in 1942, when the Commandant of the Marine Corps issued orders to recruit and train African Americans, the task of recruiting and training new African-American Marines fell to then-Colonel Robinson. Robinson sought the help of the Selective Service in this task. He served in the Personnel Section until October 1943, when he named Officer in Charge of the Operations and Training Section.
World War II.
Leaving Washington in January 1944, the Robinson embarked for the Pacific theater, where he became Chief of Staff of the 3rd Marine Division the following month. He was named Chief of Staff of the 5th Division in October 1944, serving in that capacity until June 1945, when he was named Assistant Commander of the 5th Division. He returned with that division from Japan in December 1945, and after the division was disbanded, he went back overseas in March 1946, as Fleet Marine Officer on the Staff of the Commander in Chief, Pacific Ocean Area. He held that position until September 1946, when he became Chief of Staff, Fleet Marine Force.
Post-war service.
In August 1947, Robinson reported again to Marine Corps Headquarters in Washington, where he served as Director of the Division of Plans and Policies for almost two years. After that he was Inspector General of the Marine Corps from July 1949, until June 1950, when he took command of the 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. He served in that capacity until December 1951, and subsequently, as Commanding General of Camp Lejeune until August 1952, when he was appointed Commanding General of the Department of the Pacific at San Francisco, California. He left San Francisco in June 1954, and two months later was ordered to The Hague as Chief of the Military Assistance Advisory Group to the Netherlands.
Transferred to Norfolk in October 1956, the Robinson served there as Commanding General of Fleet Marine Force, Atlantic, from November 1, 1956 until his retirement from the Marine Corps on November 1, 1957. He was advanced to four-star rank on retirement by reason of having been specially commended for heroism in combat.
General Robinson died in Seattle, Washington, on March 26, 1976 at age 79.
Awards and decorations.
General Robinson's awards include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9698872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698872" title="Spartan Cruiser">
Spartan Cruiser

The Spartan Cruiser was a 1930s British three-engined transport monoplane for 6 to 10 passengers built by Spartan Aircraft Limited at East Cowes, Isle of Wight.
It was a development of the Saro-Percival Mailplane for passenger use.
Design and development.
The Saro-Percival Mailplane was a three-engined monoplane mail plane designed by Edgar Percival, and built by Saunders-Roe Limited (Saro) at Cowes in 1931, the aircraft first flying early in 1932. It was a low-winged monoplane, with a wooden wing and plywood fuselage, and was powered by three 120 hp de Havilland Gipsy III engines. When Saro was financially re-organised, Percival sold his interest in the aircraft to Saro, who re-designated it as the Saro A.24 Mailplane. Due to the close ties between Saro and Spartan Aircraft, the development of the aircraft was transferred to Spartan, and the aircraft was re-designated again as the Spartan Mailplane. The aircraft was modified to accommodate two passenger seats. Starting on 15 June 1932, the Mailplane (G-ABLI) flew from Stanley Park Aerodrome (Blackpool) to Karachi, India taking a total of 5 days 23 hours 50 minutes.
The Mailplane had seen no commercial interest, so the design was re-worked as a passenger carrier. This re-designed aircraft was designated the Spartan Cruiser, and the prototype (G-ABTY) first flew in May 1932, piloted by Louis Strange. The original three-engined low-wing format had been retained, but the plywood fuselage was replaced with an all-metal fuselage to carry six passengers and two crew.
Just one example was built of the basic Cruiser (G-ABTY, later known as the Cruiser I). Both the new Cruiser and the Mailplane were displayed at the first Society of British Aircraft Constructors (SBAC) Show at Hendon Aerodrome on 27 June 1932. It was then used for demonstrations, including a 3,593 mile European sales tour. The Yugoslavia airline Aeroput ordered two aircraft and a licence to build further examples in Yugoslavia at the Zmaj aircraft factory.
The Cruiser was re-designed as the Spartan Cruiser II, featuring a modified fuselage and cockpit. The first Cruiser II (G-ACBM) flew in February 1933, powered by Cirrus Hermes IV engines, and G-ACKG/VT-AER also used that engine type. Most Spartan-built Cruiser IIs were powered by three Gipsy Major engines, but G-ACOU/OK-ATM was powered by Walter Major engines. In 1933 and 1934, twelve Cruiser IIs were built by Spartan, five of which were exported. Just one licence-built Cruiser II (YU-SAP) was built in Zemun, Yugoslavia, by Zmaj aircraft company, in 1935.
One further development was the Spartan Cruiser III, with an aerodynamically-refined fuselage accommodating eight passengers, a modified windscreen and a trousered main undercarriage. Only three Cruiser IIIs were built (G-ACYK, G-ADEL and G-ADEM), for Spartan Air Lines.
Operational history.
Spartan Air Lines Ltd was formed to operate Cruisers between London and Cowes, Isle of Wight. In April 1933, Spartan Air Lines initially operated the one Cruiser I (G-ABTY) and two Cruiser IIs (G-ACDW and G-ACDX) from Heston Aerodrome. Iraq Airwork Limited ordered one aircraft for an experimental air route between Baghdad and Mosul, with a further aircraft being ordered by Misr Airwork, the Egyptian branch of Airwork. Two Cruiser IIs and one Cruiser III were impressed into RAF service in 1940.
Survivors.
The fuselage of a Cruiser III (G-ACYK) is on display at the National Museum of Flight, East Fortune, Scotland. This aircraft crashed in 1938; in 1973, the cabin section was moved by helicopter from the crash site near Largs to the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9698874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698874" title="Gedaged language">
Gedaged language

Gedaged is an Austronesian language spoken by about 7000 people in coastal villages and on islands in Astrolabe Bay, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9698901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698901" title="1977–78 British Home Championship">
1977–78 British Home Championship

The 1977-78 British Home Championship football competition between the British Home Nations was won by an England side smarting from their failure to qualify for the 1978 FIFA World Cup. Scotland again refused to travel to Northern Ireland and therefore gained an additional home match. The Scots, who had qualified for the World Cup and of whom much was expected following impressive form and a strong team in the months going into the finals performed particularly poorly in the Home Championship, foreshadowing their performance in Argentina a few months later. The English capitalised on a heavy victory over the Welsh in their first match and then won in their next two beating an already demoralised Scotland who had only managed to draw with the Welsh and Irish. The Welsh improved following their initial loss, beating the Irish and holding the Scots to a 1–1 draw in Glasgow to claim second place.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9698908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698908" title="Marcin Głowacki">
Marcin Głowacki

Marcin Marek Głowacki (born 18 February 1973 in Łódź) is a Polish former ice dancer. He and partner Agnieszka Domańska trained in Łódź, coached by Maria Olszewska-Lelonkiewicz. 
Domańska / Głowacki placed 12th at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships in 1991, 20th and 21st at the World Figure Skating Championships in 1992 and 1993, respectively, and 19th, 14th, 15th at the European Figure Skating Championships in 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively. They also skated at the 1994 Olympic Games, where they placed 17th.
After retiring from competition, Głowacki moved to the U.K. He has a daughter, Jade, born in 1997, with his wife, Michelle.

</doc>
<doc id="9698918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698918" title="Lukas Vischer">
Lukas Vischer

Lukas Vischer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9698922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698922" title="Rosalina">
Rosalina

Rosalina is a name given to a female, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9698940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698940" title="Matukar language">
Matukar language

Matukar is an Austronesian language spoken by about 400 people near Madang town, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea. It is universally spoken by its ethnic group.

</doc>
<doc id="9698983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9698983" title="Waaa!!!">
Waaa!!!

Waaa!!! was a ten minute-long children's gameshow that aired on S4C during the holiday period. 
It is presented by Tudur Owen and S4C presenter Mari Lovgreen. Neither appear in the programme, only providing voice-overs. It was recorded at Antena's studios on the Cibyn Industrial Estate in Caernarfon. 
Format.
During the course of the competition, contestants are seated in a chair that moves along rails above four tanks containing either foam or gunge. The tanks are filled with foam, green gunge, foam, and red gunge consecutively. The fifth tank contains multi-coloured balls. While sitting in the chair, the contestants are asked questions. For every question they answer correctly, their chair moves along to the next tank. However, if the contestants answer a question incorrectly or do not know the answer, they will be thrown into the foam or gunge tank below them if in the gunge a clown will chuck buckets of gunge on them. If they are successful in answering all five of their questions correctly, they will advance into the ball pit and attempt to collect as many silver balls as possible. The quality of the prize increases with the number of silver balls collected. If the time runs out while a contestant is still in the chair, the contestant will get thrown into the foam or gunge tank below him. The end of show klaxon sounds like a car horn beeping.
Related.
A 30-minute documentary was produced in 2005 going behind the scenes of the programme. 

</doc>
<doc id="9699023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699023" title="Erongarícuaro">
Erongarícuaro

Erongarícuaro, which means "Place of waiting" in the Purepecha language, is a town in the Mexican state of Michoacán. It is located about an hour and a half drive to Morelia or Uruapan and just 20 minutes from the famous colonial town of Pátzcuaro. The estimated population is about 5,000 people.
The town.
Erongarícuaro is hidden high in the mountains of Michoacán at 2,200 m (7,130 feet) of elevation. To the East is Lake Pátzcuaro, one of Mexico's highest lakes.
The town retains its ancient atmosphere. It consists of largely one-story adobe or plaster-over-brick buildings with red tile roofs. The streets are dusty cobblestones traveled by horse and car. The plaza has a fountain, stage and amazing collection of trees. 
Wandering the streets uphill, there is a cemetery and a chapel.
Entertainment.
Jaripeos and parties and festivals are common throughout the year.
Food.
The nieve (ice cream), sold in shops on the plaza, is a delightful treat. There are many different flavors, made with water or with cream. Combinations of flavors add variety and taste. One of the most popular flavors is called pasta (paste). Popsicles made from exotic fruits make a pleasant taste adventure.
Except for early evening there is always food on the plaza. Food in the evening would be "atole"(hot beverage) with "buñuelos" (light fried pastries)or with tamales.
Trivia.
Notable residents of Eronga.
During Mexico's postwar art scene:
Current artists:

</doc>
<doc id="9699028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699028" title="Children Who Don't Know War">
Children Who Don't Know War

Released on February 5, 1971, it ranked eleventh in Oricon charts, selling a total of 196,000 copies. 
The song was adapted into a movie with the same name in 1973.
Details.
In the early 1970s, when "Children Who Don't Know War" was released, the United States of America found itself in the midst of the Vietnam War. Though Japan wasn't directly involved in the conflict, the country allowed the stationing of American troops on Japanese soil, a decision which was met with internal criticism coming mainly from the country's intellectual elite, composed of academics and students, who upheld deep rooted anti-war beliefs, mainly due to Japan's experience during WWII. 
Though the duo never bore any affiliation to the pacifist movement, this song, composed to express a mild anti-war message, but later regarded by Kitayama as a puerile effort to satirize, and rebel against, the contempt felt by older generations who experienced WWII for younger people born in the post-war period – who were denounced for weak-mindedness and lack of self-discipline – became indelibly attached to the movement and its title an iconic expression, used in sports, anime, magazines, books and newspaper articles

</doc>
<doc id="9699061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699061" title="Ray Robinson">
Ray Robinson

Ray Robinson or Raymond Robinson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9699139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699139" title="Telecom Egypt">
Telecom Egypt

Telecom Egypt or Telecom Egypt SAE (TE) () (), is Egypt’s main telephone company. It started in 1854 with the first telegraph line in Egypt. In 1998, it replaced the former Arab Republic of Egypt National Telecommunication Organization (ARENTO).
The company has a fixed-line subscriber base in excess of 12 million subscribers, which makes it the largest fixed-line provider in the Middle East and Africa.
Telecom Egypt acquired TEData (formerly GegaNet) in late 2001 to act as its data communications and ISP arm. The company has another IT arm, Xceedcc - Xceed contact center - located in Egypt's Smart Village.
Telecom Egypt’s shares and GDRs (Ticker: ETEL.CA; TEEG.LN) are traded on the Egyptian Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. Telecom Egypt also owns 44% of Vodafone Egypt. Telecom Egypt has adopted the contemporary quality integration trends and established the quality sector in 2001, which is now preparing the whole company to take the ISO 9001-2000 certificate.
History.
Origins.
The government initiative that later became Telecom Egypt started as a telegraph line between the Governorate of Cairo and the Governorate of Alexandria in 1854 built by the British Eastern Telegraph Company. Egypt's first telephone line was installed between Cairo and Alexandria in 1881. In 1881, the Egyptian government purchased the Eastern Telephone Company and created the Telephone and Telegraph Authority. Under Law No. 107 of 1957, all assets of the Eastern Company and other telecommunications providers were transferred to the Ministry of Telecommunications. In the same year, Presidential Decree No. 709 placed all wire and wireless communications under the jurisdiction of the Wire and Wireless Communications Authority which reported to the Ministry of Transport. The Arab Republic of Egypt National Telecommunications Organization (ARENTO) was established in 1980 as an autonomous public utility reporting to the Ministry of Transport. Via Law No. 19 of 1998, ARENTO was renamed Telecom Egypt and turned into a joint stock company over which the government maintained full ownership.
Telecom liberalization and Telecom Egypt.
Telecom Egypt replaced ARENTO in 1998 and the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology was founded in order to develop Egypt's information and communications technology infrastructure. In 2001, Telecom Egypt established TE Data, a data and communications subsidiary. In the same year, Telecom Egypt was awarded a license to begin mobile operations in Egypt but declined. Instead, TE purchased an 8.6% share in Vodafone Egypt in 2003. Telecom Egypt gradually increased their holdings in Vodafone Egypt until the end of 2008, when their share was 44.95%. Today, Vodafone Egypt represents a significant source of revenue for Telecom Egypt. 
In November 2005, the Egyptian government launched an IPO of 20% of Telecom Egypt's existing share capital. In 2006, the National Telecom Regulatory Authority (NTRA) deregulated Telecom Egypt's monopoly over domestic and international telephone service, and announced the potential for another fixed-line operator. This initiative was put on hold due to economic pressure, and Telecom Egypt is still Egypt's only fixed line operator. 
Due to the government's 80% share in the company, Telecom Egypt is beholden to the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) for all major decisions concerning finances, tariffs and employment. The MCIT is seen by some to exert control over the National Telecom Regulatory Authority, leading to potential conflicts of interest.
In an interview published in May-June 2014, Telecom Egypt's CEO said that the company was awarded a unified telecoms licence in April 2014, but he said that this would lead to a change in the relationship with Vodafone Egypt, in which Telecom Egypt has a stake of just under 45%. Telecom Egypt will be able to offer mobile services under the terms of the new licence, he said, and will be using new 4G spectrum from 2015, and that would lead to a break-up of the relationship with Vodafone, by Telecom Egypt either buying the rest of the Vodafone Egypt stake or selling its stake to the Vodafone group. 
Products and services.
Telecom Egypt is Egypt's only fixed-line operator, and one of the largest in the MENA region with over 9 million subscribers as of 2009. The company offers services in two categories, retail and wholesale. On the retail side, Telecom Egypt offers access and voice services for home and enterprises and data services through TE Data. TE Data had a 61% market share in Egypt in 2009 and also operates in Jordan. TE Data offers additional services through a collaboration with the Microsoft Live platform. Telecom Egypt is Egypt's only supplier of wholesale services. The company leases broadband capacity as well as national and international interconnection services in both data and voice. Telecom Egypt also provides infrastructure and transport services, voice and data services, and hosting. Whole services accounted for 42% of revenues in 2009. Telecom Egypt also offers mobile services through its stake in Vodafone Egypt. Overall, Telecom Egypt has a public monopoly over fixed landlines, provides 70% of internet service in Egypt, is the only provider of international phone service, and provides connectivity to all mobile operators. Though Telecom Egypt has recently applied to be a virtual network operator of mobile services in Egypt, perceived market domination might prevent a direct entry into the mobile phone market.
Retail services.
Telecom Egypt offers fixed-line voice services and mobile through their partnership with Vodafone Egypt. They offer broadband internet and IPTV services as well as "enterprise-managed internet access, managed network services, and outsourcing of information and communication technologies services".
Wholesale.
Telecom Egypt offers wholesale services to domestic and international customers. Mobile operators inside Egypt rely on Telecom Egypt's network and infrastructure capabilities for international and wholesale calling. Internationally, Telecom Egypt is becoming a telecommunications and data hub between Asia, Africa, and Western Europe. The TE North cable, built in collaboration with Alcatel-Lucent, is a 40G undersea cable that connects Abu Talat, Egypt, to Marseille, France, with branches to Jordan, Cyprus and branching units to be used for further expansion. It began operation in mid-2011.
Corporate governance.
Board of Directors.
Current members of the board of directors are: Omar El Sheikh (Chairman), Mohamed Elnawawy (CEO and Managing Director), Nabil El Maadawy Youssef, Ahmed Darwish, Sayed Desouky, Walid Gad, Sherif Elwy, Taha Khaled, Moaz Kamel Helfaya, and Ahmed Abou Ali. (TE Website) 
Controversies.
2011 shutdown.
Just after midnight on January 28, Egypt's international data connections were shut down in 25 minutes. Telecom Egypt, as one of the five major network providers in Egypt, and the owner of "virtually all the country's fiber-optic cables" was instrumental in the government's shutdown. The government also used its hold over Telecom Egypt's infrastructure to leverage providers like Vodafone Egypt into shutting down their services. If these companies did not shut down independently, the reversal of the government's method of blocking their services would've taken more time to reverse. 
In April 2011, a lawsuit was brought to the High Administrative Court seeking damages from three telecommunications companies (including Telecom Egypt) as well as current and former officials. The verdict eventually reached, which held accountable officials but not companies, stated that the internet shutdown had been practiced as early as April 2008, during the Mahalla Al Kobra protests in conjunction with telecom companies and ISPs in Egypt, and again in October 2010. 
In addition to the shutdown, mobile operators' networks, including Vodafone Egypt's, were hijacked by the Egyptian government in order to send text messages directly to customers.
2011 sit In.
On October 12, 2011, five Telecom Egypt employees were detained by police and charged with attempted murder of the company's CEO Mohamed Abdel Rahim. According to protestors, the CEO visited the offices and employees gathered at his office to present demands associated with working conditions at Telecom Egypt. After he refused to hear their demands, they staged a sit-in in front of his office, which eventually ended when military police cut into his office from an adjacent room. 
Protestors organized a protest and strike calling for the release of their co-workers. Telephone directory services and the Telecom Egypt service hotline were shut down in protest as well. The protestors claimed that Abdel Rahim and the board of directors were responsible for corruption and called for their resignation as well as the revision of high officials' salaries. 
On October 23, 2011, the head of the independent workers union of Telecom Egypt, Mohamed Abu Karish, said that the prisoners would be released and disputed claims that workers threatened to shut down internet and communication services as an attempt to undermine the protest. Abdel Rahim withdrew his murder accusation and the detainees were set free on October 25.

</doc>
<doc id="9699143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699143" title="Takia language">
Takia language

Takia is an Austronesian language spoken on Karkar Island, Bagabag Island, and coastal villages Megiar and Serang, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea. It has been syntactically restructured by Waskia, a Papuan language spoken on the island.
Children are discouraged from using Takia, and it is being supplanted by Tok Pisin and English. 

</doc>
<doc id="9699147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699147" title="Carl A. Weeden">
Carl A. Weeden

Carl Alfred Weeden (14 April 1916 – 7 December 1941) was born in Trinidad, Colorado.
Biography.
He grew up in Colorado and was appointed a midshipman at the United States Naval Academy on 22 June 1936. He graduated from the Naval Academy in June 1940 and reported for duty in USS "Arizona" (BB-39) on 9 June 1940. Ensign Weeden spent his entire but brief naval career in "Arizona". He was killed during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941, which sank "Arizona" at the outset. Ens. Weeden was awarded the Purple Heart posthumously.
Namesake.
In 1943, the destroyer escort USS "Weeden" (DE-797) was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9699170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699170" title="Association of the European and Mediterranean Police Forces and Gendarmeries with Military Status">
Association of the European and Mediterranean Police Forces and Gendarmeries with Military Status


</doc>
<doc id="9699185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699185" title="Scott Thomas (ice hockey)">
Scott Thomas (ice hockey)

John Scott Thomas (born January 18, 1970 in Buffalo, New York) is a retired professional ice hockey right wing. He was drafted in the third round, 56th overall, by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft.
Thomas played 39 games with the Sabres over two seasons, 1992–93 and 1993–94. He returned to the National Hockey League late in his career, appearing in 24 games with the Los Angeles Kings in 2000–01. In between, he spent several seasons playing in the International Hockey League. He finished his career as a member of the American Hockey League's Cleveland Barons in the 2002–03 season.
Thomas scored the first goal of the "Stunner at Staples" play-off game in which Los Angeles rallied to beat the Detroit Red Wings after being down three to nothing with 6:07 remaining in the game.
Thomas and Peter Ciavaglia had been the only two Buffalo-area natives to play for the Buffalo Sabres until Patrick Kaleta made his debut as a Sabre during the 2006–07 season.
Scott Thomas currently can be seen playing Mondays at American Indoor Street Hockey, in West Seneca, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9699187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699187" title="Ryan O'Leary">
Ryan O'Leary

Ryan O'Leary (born 24 August 1987 in Glasgow) is a Scottish professional footballer. O'Leary is the son of former Republic of Ireland international footballer Pierce O'Leary and the nephew of David O'Leary.
Club career.
O'Leary attended St Aloysius' College in Glasgow. He started his football career with Aberdeen and joined Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee in 2005. After appearing sporadically for Kilmarnock due to injuries, Gordon Chisholm signed O'Leary for Dundee on loan until the end of the 2009–10 season.
O'Leary left Kilmarnock when his contract expired in 2010 taking 9 months out of football for personal reasons. However, after failing to win a deal at Vancouver Whitecaps following a trial, he returned to Kilmarnock and signed a short-term deal in March 2011.
International career.
In February 2007 he was named in a Republic of Ireland under-21 squad, but he declined, choosing to represent the country of his birth instead. He has since represented Scotland at under–21 level. Having a Canadian mother, Ryan also has a Canadian passport and remains eligible to represent Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9699204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699204" title="A Public Space">
A Public Space

A Public Space is a nonprofit quarterly English-language literary magazine based in Brooklyn, New York. First published in April 2006. "A Public Space" publishes fiction, poetry, essays and art. The magazine's Focus portfolios have examined the writing of a different country each issue, covering the literature of Japan, Russia, and Peru in Issues 1-3.
History and editors.
The magazine was founded in 2005 by Brigid Hughes, former Executive Editor of The Paris Review.
Notable contributors.
Marilynne Robinson, Haruki Murakami, Charles D'Ambrosio, Rick Moody, Anna Deavere Smith, Kelly Link, Daniel Alarcón, Juan Manuel Chavez, Santiago Roncagliolo, Miguel Gutierrez, Jillian Weise, Keith Lee Morris, Jonathan Lethem, Martha Cooley, Anne Carson, Delia Falconer, David Levi Strauss, Nam Le, Ander Monson, Maile Chapman, and Antoine Wilson.
Awards.
"A Public Space" was named Best New Literary Magazine by The Village Voice in December 2006. 
In 2011, Brigid Hughes received the PEN/Nora Magid Award for Magazine Editing for "her commitment to quality literature and for her larger purpose."

</doc>
<doc id="9699215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699215" title="Coupe du Congo de football">
Coupe du Congo de football

"For the equivalent tournament in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, see Coupe du Congo."
The Coupe du Congo de football is the top knockout tournament of the Congolese football. It was created in 1974.
Winners.
List of winners:

</doc>
<doc id="9699226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699226" title="NACIVT">
NACIVT

The North American Chinese Invitational Volleyball Tournament (N.A.C.I.V.T.) is held every Labor Day weekend and features men's nine-man (9-man) and women's 6's volleyball teams. The tournament is generally held outdoors and played on pavement, with the courts typically set-up in a large parking lot or even on the streets. Because of changes in climate the tournament can also be held indoors (ex: Convention Centers.) It is very much a cultural phenomenon; two-thirds of the players on each team must be 100% Chinese, and the rest must be of Asian descent. The inaugural tournament was held in Boston in 1944. There are teams from Boston, Maryland, Los Angeles, Chicago, North Carolina, Houston, Montreal, New York City, New Jersey, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Houston, San Diego, Toronto, and Washington, D.C..
Each year there are also mini tournaments held in Toronto, Boston, New York City, Philadelphia, Washington D.C./Maryland and San Francisco leading up to the annual NACIVT. 
The 70th NACIVT (2014) will be hosted in (San Francisco Host) Las Vegas, Nevada. Over the 3-day Labor Day Weekend.
The men's 9-man portion of the NACIVT is the subject of a documentary called "9-Man" [http://www.9-man.com] that was completed in 2014 and had its world premiere at IFFBoston on April 27, 2014. 
See also.
Nine-man Volleyball
9-man

</doc>
<doc id="9699232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699232" title="Gods of the Old World">
Gods of the Old World

The Gods of the Old World are a collection of fictional supernatural beings modeled after real-world pagan deities. In the Warhammer Fantasy setting, there are many fictional deities provided to add color and verisimilitude to the game’s background. Most or all of these entities seem to be analogues of real-world gods, chosen to present a war-torn, grim, perilous, and adventurous world.
The setting does not emphasize a creation myth, origin stories, or myth-cycles. The core stories for the setting tend to focus on Sigmar, the national patron god of the Empire, the Empire being the main setting of the Warhammer background.
The Warhammer setting’s artificial mythology presents views of the gods as evolving over time, and worship of particular gods waxing or waning as political and social changes affect the people of the Old World. Gods that are presented as popular and influential in the early timeline may be presented as less important in the later, “current,” period. The mythology also presents differing perspectives and conflicting accounts of the gods, similar to inconsistencies in real-world mythologies.
Different material presents slightly different ideas on what the gods are; whether they are genuine local divinities, Chaos entities created or shaped by mortal minds, or leftover intelligences from the great disaster that shaped the Warhammer world, is unclear.
Gods of Kislev.
Kislev, the region of the Old World corresponding roughly to the Slavic lands of Russia, Czech Republic and Poland, has its own gods, as well as worshipping Taal and Rhya, and Ulric. These gods may be intended by the designer to be part of a greater northern pantheon.
Minor Gods.
The Warhammer setting has a number of lesser divinities, some local, others widespread but with a narrow focus of office or patronage. This list is by no means complete.
The small numbers of Elves of the Old World chiefly worship the traditional Elven Gods, Kurnous, lord of the wilds and the hunt, and Isha, goddess of nature and life, but a sect of the Wood Elves of Athel Loren known as Wardancers serve the deity known as Loec, Lord of the dance and free spirit.
Chaos Gods.
Worship of the Chaos Gods is strictly forbidden in virtually all of the Old World, but such worship does occur, as part of the setting’s background, to provide internal and external conflict. In brief, these gods are:
The Chaos Gods and their symbolism can often be related to the seven deadly sins, as they many times embody qualities, thoughts and temptations that, succumbed to, inevitably leads an individual to horrible and selfish deeds, thus allowing the Gods to prey upon the individual's self-indulgent and ignorant mind and use him/her for their own ends. Most followers are aware of this and in perfect acceptance of it.
The Chaos Gods can also be considered as twisted amalgamations of various real world Pagan deities. For instance, Khorne could be considered the demonic Warhammer equivalent to Odin in some respects, as both are elder gods of war and berserk rage who preside over an afterlife of eternal battle, Khorne also has Valkyrie-like creatures under his command furthering the similarities between him and Odin.
The Norscans, a race of vicious tribal warriors analogous to the Vikings, are enthralled to the Dark Gods and worship them devoutly. The Norscans are thought to be the epitome of the worshipers of the Chaos Gods, though there are also other human races born into their worship. Such as the Kurgans, Hung and Tong.
Greenskin pantheon.
Greenskins worship a pair of brother gods known as Gork and Mork (cf. Gog & Magog). One is "brutal but kunnin'", and the other is "kunnin' but brutal".
As Greenskins vary from specific sub-species and region, there are numerous other gods that certain greenskins worship in addition to Gork and Mork. Forest Goblins also worship the 'Great Spider God', while Night Goblins commonly worship the 'Bad Moon'.
Skaven Pantheon.
The Skaven worship a god known as The Horned Rat though they often call him The Horned One.
The Horned Rat is primarily worshipped out of fear of retribution and is a cruel god. Unlike most Gods in the Warhammer setting the Horned Rat actually manifested once. During the Second Skaven Civil War the Grey Seers performed a ritual intended to summon the Horned One. It succeeded and the Horned One appeared, devouring many Skaven and proclaiming that they must work to take the surface for themselves. It bestowed upon them the Pillar of Commandments, a thirteen-sided pillar each with thirteen commandments. It is unknown what is written on them but it seems to dictate Skaven society and the rule of the Council of Thirteen. The centre of the Horned Rat's cult is located in Skavenblight, and is maintained by the Grey Seers, a sect of horned Skaven numbering at 169 (13 x 13) members with grey fur that possess magic.
Gods of Law.
A lesser known group of Warhammer deities, they oppose the Chaos gods, although they are equally feared due to the extremist tendencies of their followers. None received a lot of attention, although Solkan is mentioned in the novels.

</doc>
<doc id="9699243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699243" title="Diocese of Kharput">
Diocese of Kharput

The Diocese of Kharput was a diocese of the Armenian Catholic Church created in 1850. It is now a titular see.
Its seat is now the Turkish town of Elazığ.

</doc>
<doc id="9699256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699256" title="Otto I (disambiguation)">
Otto I (disambiguation)

Otto I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9699289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699289" title="Declaration against interest">
Declaration against interest

Declarations against interest are an exception to the rule on hearsay in which a person's statement may be used, where generally the content of the statement is so prejudicial to the person making it that she would not have made the statement unless she believed the statement was true. The Federal Rules of evidence limit the bases of prejudices to the declarant to tort and criminal liability. Some states, such as California, extend the prejudice to "hatred, ridicule, or social disgrace in the community."
The admissibility of evidence under the declaration against interest exception to the hearsay rule is often limited by the Confrontation Clause of the Sixth Amendment.
A declaration against interest differs from a party admission because here the declarant does not have to be a party to the case, but must have a basis for knowing that the statement is true. Furthermore, evidence of the statement will only be admissible if the declarant is unavailable to testify.
For example, California's Evidence Code Section 1230 defines "Declarations against interest" as: 

</doc>
<doc id="9699313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699313" title="Coupe du Congo">
Coupe du Congo

"For the equivalent tournament in the Republic of the Congo, see Coupe du Congo de football."
The Coupe du Congo is the top knockout tournament of the Congolese (DR Congo) football. It was created in 1961.
Winners.
Winners were:

</doc>
<doc id="9699351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699351" title="Hydroxysteroid">
Hydroxysteroid

A hydroxysteroid is a molecule derived from a steroid with a hydrogen replaced with a hydroxy group.

</doc>
<doc id="9699353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699353" title="Milton of Balgonie Primary School">
Milton of Balgonie Primary School

Milton of Balgonie's is a primary school in Glenrothes, Fife, Scotland.
Its original building was opened in 1823 with subsequent additions and extensions added in 1880,1924 & 1962. The school is situated off the bypass between Windygates and Glenrothes. The school's accommodation comprises one very large classroom where P1- P4 are taught and another classroom which accommodates P5 - P7. The original 1823 classroom now doubles as our hall and dining hall. 
The school playground is all-tarmac. Unfortunately there are no grassy areas. A new extension has recently been built that consists of two offices, a quiet room, resources room, and a disabled toilet facility.
As of January 2007 the school has 31 pupils, 2 classrooms and disabled access.

</doc>
<doc id="9699359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699359" title="1947 in Northern Ireland">
1947 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9699370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699370" title="Rod Pelley">
Rod Pelley

Rod Pelley (born September 1, 1984) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL). After his collegiate career, Pelley signed as a free agent with the New Jersey Devils, and was with the organization from 2006–2011. He was traded to the Anaheim Ducks on December 12, 2011. He signed a one-year contract to return to the Devils on July 9, 2013.
Playing career.
Pelley was born in Kitimat, BC, Canada, where he attended St. Anthony's Elementary School and Mount Elizabeth Secondary School. At the age of 16, Pelley moved on to play hockey in the BCHL, first with the Prince George Spruce Kings, finishing his BCHL career with the Vernon Vipers. He then went on to play NCAA Division 1 Hockey on an athletic scholarship for the Buckeyes of The Ohio State University. Pelley graduated with a degree in Sports Management in 2006.
After his collegiate career, Pelley signed as a free agent with the New Jersey Devils. He scored his first NHL goal on November 8, 2007 against Martin Biron of the Philadelphia Flyers. 
With New Jersey's AHL affiliate, the Lowell Devils in the 2008–09 season, Pelley contributed 38 points in 75 games. He then played his first full season in the NHL in 2009–10 with New Jersey.
On December 12, 2011, Pelley, along with Mark Fraser and a 2012 7th round draft pick, was traded to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for Kurtis Foster and Timo Pielmeier.New Jersey Devils GM, Lou Lamoriello spoke about the trade: "When you have such quality individuals (like Pelley and Fraser) who've given you so much each and every day in practice and in the locker room as support, you try and do the best for them. This is a win situation for both teams. They're getting two role players who will be tremendous for them and we're getting a player who has tremendous upside in the role we see that he'll fit."
A free agent with the 2012 NHL lockout in place, Pelley signed midway into the 2012–13 season to a professional try-out contract with the Ducks' affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals of the AHL on November 23, 2012.
After the season with the Admirals, Pelley signed a one-year deal worth $550,000 to return to the New Jersey Devils.

</doc>
<doc id="9699372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699372" title="List of highways in Liberty County, Texas">
List of highways in Liberty County, Texas

The following is a list of all state highways in Liberty County, Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation. All state highways in Texas are paved.

</doc>
<doc id="9699393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699393" title="Epratuzumab">
Epratuzumab

Epratuzumab (planned trade name LymphoCide) is a humanized monoclonal antibody. Potential uses may be found in oncology and in treatment of inflammatory autoimmune disorders, such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). The manufacturers in August 2009 announced success in early trials against SLE, and the drug is in Phase III clinical trials .
Mechanism of action.
Epratuzumab binds to the glycoprotein CD22 of mature and malignant B-cells.

</doc>
<doc id="9699409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699409" title="Love Potion No. 9 (song)">
Love Potion No. 9 (song)

"Love Potion No. 9" is a song written in 1959 by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It was originally performed by The Clovers, who took it to #23 on the US charts that year. On the R&B chart, The Clovers version also peaked at #23.
History.
The song describes a man seeking help to find love, so he talks to a Gypsy who determines, by means of palmistry, that he needs ""love potion number 9"". The potion causes him to fall in love with everything he sees, kissing whatever is in front of him, eventually kissing a policeman on the street-corner, who breaks his bottle of love potion.
In one recorded version of the ending of the song, The Clovers used the alternative lyrics:
The "kissing a cop" lyric led to the song being banned by some radio stations. The lyrics also have the narrator describe himself as being "a flop with chicks since 1956"; later recordings of the song have often changed the year to suit the year of recording or the age of the performer. A notable exception is the Australian alternative rock band Tlot Tlot's recording, which leaves the year in the song as 1956. It also uses the alternative Love Potion No. 10 lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="9699415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699415" title="Alan Mayes">
Alan Mayes

Alan Mayes (born 11 December 1953 in Edmonton, London) is a retired English footballer who played for numerous clubs during the 1970s and 1980s.
A striker, Mayes started out with Queens Park Rangers and led a journeyman career, playing for Watford, Northampton Town, Swindon Town, Chelsea, Carlisle United, Newport County, Blackpool and Wycombe Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="9699423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699423" title="Proibidão">
Proibidão

Proibidão, which literally translates to "strongly prohibited", is a subgenre of funk carioca music originating from the favelas of Rio de Janeiro where it began in the early 1990s as a parallel phenomenon to the growth of drug gangs in the many slums of the city. The drug gangs sponsored DJs and baile funks in the favelas they controlled to spread respect and love for their gang as well as hate to the other gangs. The music that resulted is proibidão.
Proibidão is characterized as a raw mix of live funk vocals and Miami bass structures. The explicit lyrics typically promote the gang the MC is affiliated with, crime, drug use, and violence. Like gang members, MCs who speak ill of their allied gang or perform outside of their gang's territory risk the possibility of violence or death. Each drug gang, in their own favela(s), sponsoring their own baile funk, with their own MC results in a unique sound. The highly territorial nature of the gangs has made proibidão an extremely localized form of funk in Rio de Janeiro. Moreover, in Brazil, it is against the law to promote crime in song lyrics which makes most proibidão songs illegal to perform or broadcast through radio (hence the name "proibidão"). These two factors seldom allow proibidão to be heard beyond the live performances in favela. Proibidão is a raw musical genre that captures the dark side of Brazilian favelas.
One particularly powerful gang, the Comando Vermelho, Portuguese for Red Command, has given poor youths free girls, drinks, and entertainment at their dances, hoping to engrain a positive image of drug-dealing and gang membership to Rio youths. In Red Command released CDs, their gang sign, a CV, sits across the label, representing the community and the gang instead of the artists. The Red Command's influence was best shown in 1990, when William Santos de Souza and Duda, the "Kings of Rio rap" at the time, released a track entitled, "Rap do Borel" shouting out to a gang-controlled favela in Rio. No gang better represents Proibidão than the Commando Vermelho.
Proibidão has some very important implications for the acquisition of social space in Rio. For the gangs and drug lords, it represents a form of musical expression that corresponds to territorial dominance. In effect, when these gangs host their particular bailes, they assert their authority over rival gangs and state law enforcement. Since Proibidão elicits the criminal lifestyle and habitual drug use which characterize its performers, police naturally attempt to stop the bailes and the correlative spread of Proibidão. Thus, when myriad bailes do subsist each week, despite the efforts of state programs like D.R.E (Divisão de Repressão à Entorpecentes or Division of the Repression Against Drugs) to stop them, it is a palpable win for the gangs. In addition to just hosting these bailes, the gangs recruit urban youth and advertise their daily struggle, which makes the favela bailes a crucial social space in which gangs can conduct business.

</doc>
<doc id="9699430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699430" title="Hector DeLacy">
Hector DeLacy

Hector "Hec" DeLacy was a leading Australian rules football writer covering the Victorian Football League (later renamed to Australian Football League) for over 20 years from the 1940s.
DeLacy was the Chief football writer for "The Sporting Globe" newspaper in Melbourne. He was noted for the controversial and bold nature of his writings. He was often banned by clubs for periods of time. His opinionated and unabashed style made him one of the most widely read sports journalists of his time. Delacy also wrote about tennis and cricket.
DeLacy was inducted to the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996, with his citation reading:

</doc>
<doc id="9699458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699458" title="20α-Dihydroprogesterone">
20α-Dihydroprogesterone

20α-Dihydroprogesterone is a reduced form of progesterone. 

</doc>
<doc id="9699464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699464" title="Ethiopian Cup">
Ethiopian Cup

The Ethiopian Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Ethiopian football. It was created in 1945.
Winners.
"no Cup between 1961 and 1969"
"No Cup between 1991 and 1992"

</doc>
<doc id="9699496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699496" title="Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase">
Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase

The hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases are a group of alcohol oxidoreductases that catalyze the dehydrogenation of hydroxysteroids.
There are four types, classified by the number of the carbon acted upon: 

</doc>
<doc id="9699499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699499" title="Yenicami Ağdelen S.K.">
Yenicami Ağdelen S.K.

Yenicami Ağdelen Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in the Turkish part of Nicosia.
Yenicami Agdelen S.K (YAK) was founded in 1951. YAK is one of the most popular football teams in T.R.N.C. YAK is not just a club for the Cypriots, it is also black and white legend.

</doc>
<doc id="9699513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699513" title="Souvenir de Florence">
Souvenir de Florence

The String Sextet in D minor "Souvenir de Florence", Op. 70, is a string sextet scored for 2 violins, 2 violas, and 2 cellos composed in the European summer of 1890 by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Tchaikovsky dedicated the work to the St. Petersburg Chamber Music Society in response to his becoming an Honorary Member. The work, in the traditional four-movement form, was titled "Souvenir de Florence" because the composer sketched one of the work's principal themes while visiting Florence, Italy, where he composed "The Queen of Spades". The work was revised between December 1891 and January 1892, before being premiered in 1892. 
Analysis.
The first movement is in sonata form and, without introduction, presents a rather violent yet melodic first theme in D minor. The second theme, in the dominant major key of A major, is much calmer; it flows from the first theme almost effortlessly and then proceeds into the development and recapitulation, which concludes with a quick coda. 
The slow movement, in D major, has a very innocent, romantic theme initially stated by the first violin with pizzicato accompaniment before being taken up by the cello. Following interruption by an interlude for all of the instruments, the theme returns for a repeat of the first section.
The last two movements, with their distinctly Russian and folk-like melodies and rhythms, greatly contrast with the previous ones.
Arrangements.
This work has also been arranged for string orchestra.
Excerpts from the score were used in the 2005 ballet "Anna Karenina", choreographed by Boris Eifman.

</doc>
<doc id="9699520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699520" title="SS William A. Graham">
SS William A. Graham

SS "William A. Graham" (MC hull number 160) was a liberty ship built by the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company of Wilmington, North Carolina, and launched on 26 July 1942. One of 2,700 cargo ships produced during an emergency shipbuilding program, the "Graham" was named for William Alexander Graham, a 19th century governor of North Carolina and a U.S. Secretary of the Navy.
Constructed in eight weeks, the 441-foot steamship was operated by J.H. Winchester & Co. of New York. On her maiden voyage carrying Lend-Lease supplies to Karachi, the "Graham" narrowly evaded a wolf pack of German submarines off Cape Town in October 1942. The ship had a second close encounter with the enemy in June 1944, when German bombers attacked the harbor at Anzio where the "Graham" lay at anchor with six other merchantmen. 
A record of the "Graham’s" maiden voyage is preserved in the diary of the ship’s first assistant engineer, Everett S. Ransom. Copies of the diary have been donated to nearly 30 libraries and museums around the United States, including the Lower Cape Fear Historical Society, the North Carolina Collection at UNC-Chapel Hill, and the Nimitz Library of the United States Naval Academy.
After the war, the "Graham" carried cargo under different operators until being mothballed in 1952 in a reserve fleet in Mobile, Alabama. In 1972, the ship was purchased for scrap and dismantled by the Union Minerals and Alloys Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="9699523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699523" title="Staffan Sasses Gränd">
Staffan Sasses Gränd

Staffan Sasses Gränd () is a blind alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching north from Köpmangatan, it forms a parallel street to Bollhusgränd and Peder Fredags Gränd.
History.
The alley is named after Staffan Sasse, a man originating from Westphalia in Germany, who is mentioned as having bought a house "belæget paa køpmana gatwne" ("situated on Köpmangatan" (Merchant's Street)) in 1524, and the alley was associated with his name from 1569. He served, first under Sten Sture the Younger (1493–1520), and then under King Gustav Vasa (1496–1560) during the ousting of the Danish forces. Staffan Sasse was raised to peerage in 1524 and appointed court bailiff in 1531.
The alley is mentioned as ' "gamble" ("old") "Staffan Saxsses grändh" ' in 1615, but is referred to as the alley of Blasius Dundie in 1609, the latter a merchant from Scotland who is said to have owned a garden in the alley, at the time facing his building on the opposite side of Köpmangatan. His presence in Stockholm is first documented in 1576, and his business was apparently successful, since he owned a great number of properties in and around the city and is one of the renowned "Blasius" potentially having given his name to Blasieholmen, today a peninsula in central Stockholm but at the time an islet east of the city.
By the end of the 17th century, the alley was referred to as "Jgnatij grendh" after the printer Ignatius Meurer (1589–1672), a German who settled in Stockholm in 1610, arguably because his famous printing workshop was located in the alley. (See also Ignatiigränd.)
In 1925, the alley was given back its old name.

</doc>
<doc id="9699534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699534" title="County Route 33 (Rockland County, New York)">
County Route 33 (Rockland County, New York)

County Route 33 is a south–north county route in the central part of Rockland County, New York. Prior to 1970, portions of CR 33 were designated as the old route of New York State Route 304. Today, CR 33 serves as an alternative route for NY 304 from Pearl River to New City where NY 304 ends at US 9W. North of New City, CR 33 serves as an alternative route for the US 9W/US 202 multiplex in northern Rockland County.
CR 33 is the longest county route in Rockland, and in fact is longer than all NY state routes within the county except for NY 59 (only shorter by three-quarters of a mile). CR 33 intersects several major west–east roads within the county. It even intersects the Palisades Interstate Parkway at exit 10 in New City. CR 33 has one present child-route in CR 33A in Nanuet, and until recently had three with CR 33B located in New City and CR 33C located in Stony Point.
Route description.
CR 33 begins at NY 304 in Pearl River, and ends at CR 106 (Old NY 210) in Stony Point. CR 33 runs through Pearl River, Nanuet, New City, Garnerville, and Stony Point. CR 33 is an alternate route for NY 304 from Pearl River to New City, and an alternate route for US 9W/US 202 from Garnerville to Stony Point. Between New City and Garnerville, CR 33 goes up Hi-Tor Mountain through Hi-Tor State Park. Unlike most the county routes in Rockland, CR 33 runs through many business areas. It cuts through downtown Garnerville, Nanuet, and Pearl River. In fact, CR 33 is a primary access road for the Nanuet Mall. Only in New City does CR 33 serve really as a residential road.
CR 33 begins at NY 304 in Pearl River just a half a mile north of the New Jersey border. For the first , CR 33 runs in a west–east direction through downtown Pearl River (Central Avenue) When CR 33 reaches Middletown Road, it turns north through the northern portions of Pearl River. CR 33 serves as the primary road throughout business areas of Pearl River. CR 33 then intersects NY 304 for the second time in Pearl River and heads north into Nanuet.
Like in Pearl River, CR 33 splits downtown Nanuet with intersections with CR 42, CR 46, and its child-route, CR 33A. Here CR 33 is still named Middletown Road, but it is also considered Main Street within the business district of Nanuet. As CR 33 leaves downtown Nanuet, it has a rather busy intersection with NY 59. This is because the Nanuet Mall and the Rockland Plaza strip mall are located at this intersection. After this intersection, CR 33 proceeds north into residential areas of Nanuet running parallel to NY 304. Here it meets CR 60 at Smith Road.
As CR 33 enters New City it has its intersection with the Palisades Interstate Parkway at exit 10. This intersection is rather large as it also includes Germonds Road and West Clarkstown Road, which are major roads in New City. As CR 33 crosses the PIP, it changes from Middletown Road into Little Tor Road. It then proceeds north into residential New City with intersections with CR 76 and CR 80. Its intersection with CR 80 marks the intersection with the two longest county routes in Rockland. CR 33 continues north through New City for another before beginning its trek through Hi-Tor State Park. CR 33 spends two miles (3 km) climbing and descending Hi-Tor Mountain. At its summit, drivers going southbound can see into New York City on a clear day. As CR 33 leaves Hi-Tor Park it enters the village of Garnerville.
Here, CR 33 intersects and joins US 202 for a third of a mile before turning north. It crosses CR 94 in downtown Garnerville. In fact, this used to be the former eastern terminus of CR 94, until it was extended beyond US 9W/US 202 in West Haverstraw. CR 33 then proceeds into the town of Stony Point for the final mile and a half of its run. It intersects CR 98 and CR 100 before coming to an end at CR 106. It really would be impossible to extend CR 33 further north as Bear Mountain State Park lies close to its northern terminus.
History.
Prior to 1970, portions of CR 33 were designated as the old route of NY 304.

</doc>
<doc id="9699535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699535" title="John Holmes (poet)">
John Holmes (poet)

John Holmes (January 6, 1904 – June 22, 1962), born John Albert Holmes Jr., was a poet and critic. He was born in Somerville, Massachusetts, and both attended and taught at Tufts University where he was a professor of literature and modern poetry for 28 years. He wrote several volumes of poetry and the lyrics to several Unitarian Universalist hymns., including "The People's Peace". He taught Anne Sexton.
Early years.
Holmes was born in Somerville, Massachusetts, son of John A. Holmes, Sr. and Mary Florence (Murdock) Holmes. His father was an engineer who specialized in building dams and bridges. John attended Somerville public schools. Holmes’ early adulthood was marred by his struggle with alcoholism and the nightmarish end to his first marriage when his wife slit her wrists and
bled to death over his papers. 
Professional life.
In 1934 he became an instructor at Tufts. He worked there the rest of his life, rising to full professor in 1960. Holmes's students admired him. "When he taught," wrote Jerome Barron, "something magical happened. He made you want to write and understand poetry. He didn't lecture; he encouraged. Simplicity, and writing that went from the inside out, this is what he was after."
His works.
Holmes wrote several volumes of poetry:
"Along the Row" (1929)
"Address to the Living" (1937)
"Fair Warning" (1939)
"The Poet's Word" (1939)
"Map of my Country" (1943)
"Little Treasury of Love Poems" (1950)
"The Double Root" (1950)
"The Symbols" (1955)
"Writing poetry" (1960)
"The Fortune Teller" (1961)

</doc>
<doc id="9699569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699569" title="Coura (Paredes de Coura)">
Coura (Paredes de Coura)

Coura is a civil parish in the municipality of Paredes de Coura, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 374, in an area of 6.59 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9699577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699577" title="Nerelimomab">
Nerelimomab

Nerelimomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody acting as a TNF inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="9699588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699588" title="Rosebud School of the Arts">
Rosebud School of the Arts

Rosebud School of the Arts is a Christian post-secondary guild school that provides theatre training within a community of professional artists.
Located in the little hamlet of Rosebud, Alberta, Canada, one hour north east of Calgary, Rosebud School of the Arts trains students for the professional theatre in its Mentorship Programme. Students choose one of four main disciplines of study: Acting, Technical Theatre, Dramatic Arts, or Music Performance.
It is associated with Rosebud Theatre, which attracts over 40,000 visitors every year to performances at the Rosebud Opera House. Students in their third and fourth year of study at Rosebud School of the Arts are eligible to gain valuable professional experience by taking roles in Rosebud Theatre's season.
The school accepts a maximum of 14 students into its first-year study which is called Certificate in Theatre Foundations. There are a total of about thirty (30) students at Rosebud School of the Arts at any given time.
Rosebud School of the Arts produces two student shows per year on the "Rosebud Studio Stage", which is a black box theatre that seats 60 - 80 people.
In addition to a broad range of theatre-related classes, students at Rosebud School of the Arts take educational trips to Canada's West Coast, New York City, and London, England to immerse themselves in theatre, workshops and tours.

</doc>
<doc id="9699608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699608" title="Coupe de la Réunion">
Coupe de la Réunion

The Coupe de la Réunion is the top knockout tournament of the Réunion football. It was created in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="9699611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699611" title="Coura">
Coura

Coura may refer to the following places in Portugal:

</doc>
<doc id="9699613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699613" title="Leonard Foglia">
Leonard Foglia

Leonard Foglia (born ?) is an American theatre director, librettist, and novelist.
Foglia made his Broadway debut as the assistant director of "The Heidi Chronicles" in 1989. He also directed revivals of "Wait Until Dark" (1998) and "On Golden Pond" (2005).
Foglia has collaborated with playwright Terrence McNally on three projects, "Master Class" (1995), "By The Sea, By The Sea, By The Beautiful Sea" (1996), and "The Stendhal Syndrome" (2004).
Foglia's off-Broadway credits include "A Backer's Audition" (1992), "Lonely Planet" (1994), "One Touch of Venus" (1996), and "If Memory Serves" (1999). His regional theatre credits include "The Subject Was Roses", "Thurgood", and "The Secret Letters of Jackie & Marilyn". He wrote the libretto for Jake Heggie's opera "The End of the Affair" and conceived and directed "Dreamland", a revue featuring the songs of Harold Arlen. In 2008, Foglia directed the world premiere of Jake Heggie's opera "Last Acts" at the Houston Grand Opera.
With Washington Post cultural correspondent David Richards, Foglia co-authored the 1997 suspense novel "1 Ragged Ridge Road". (ISBN 978-0671003555)
Foglia directed the production of "Thurgood", a one man show about the life and work of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall at Booth Theatre. "Thurgood", starring Laurence Fishburne, opened officially on April 30, 2008.
In the fall of 2009, Foglia will be directing the world premiere musical "Laughing Matters" by Iris Rainer Dart at the Pasadena Playhouse in California.
In 2009, Folgia will be directing the production of "LET ME DOWN EASY" by Anna Deavere Smith; presented by Second Stage Theatre.
In 2011 With David Richards, Foglia co-authored the 2011 suspense novel trilogy "The Sudarium Trilogy". (ISBN 978-1463692633)

</doc>
<doc id="9699615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699615" title="Kannodu Kanbathellam">
Kannodu Kanbathellam

Kannodu Kaanbathellam () is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Prabu Solomon. Arjun, Sonali Bendre, Suchindra and Ruchita play lead roles, whilst Manivannan, Crazy Mohan, Anu Mohan, Kovai Sarala and Nizhagal Ravi essay supporting roles. This film has been dubbed and released in Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="9699617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699617" title="1946 in Northern Ireland">
1946 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9699637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699637" title="Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law and Policy">
Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law and Policy

The Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law and Policy is a student-edited law review published at Georgetown University Law Center in the United States.
The "Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law and Policy" is the "nation's premier law journal on poverty" issues. As part of its mission to help bring an end to poverty in the United States, the Journal publishes articles from distinguished law professors and practitioners in poverty-related fields. In addition, the Journal features student research, works from scholars in poverty-related disciplines, and the "voices" of persons living in poverty.
The "Georgetown Journal on Poverty Law and Policy" is published three issues each year. Each issue is focused upon a particular aspect of poverty law and policy. Recent "themes" have included rural poverty, urban poverty, former prisoner re-entry, and the impact of natural disasters such as Hurricane Katrina.
The Journal was first published in 1993 as the "Georgetown Journal on Fighting Poverty". Volume 14, consisting of 58 editors and members, is currently in publication.
The faculty advisor of the Journal is Peter Edelman, long-time anti-poverty advocate and former HHS Assistant Secretary of Planning and Evaluation under President Bill Clinton.

</doc>
<doc id="9699640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699640" title="The Centre at Golden Ring">
The Centre at Golden Ring

Golden Ring Mall, formerly owned by Simon Properties, was a shopping mall located in eastern Baltimore County, Maryland. It was located at U.S. Route 40 and Interstate 695, and was at its peak when it opened in 1974. The grand opening, a resplendent affair, was set amid the fine artwork and spacious courtyards at the mall. The grand opening was created by George Reavis "Buck" Sappenfield III, a native of Sherman, Texas, who brought the "bigger than Texas" celebration to East Baltimore. The mall included a center court filled with palm trees and fountains, as well as sculptures by Rita Blitt and Bogdan Grom. Sappenfield had created programs of similar largesse at Mounds Mall in Anderson, Indiana and Irving Mall in Irving, Texas. It would later face competition from White Marsh Mall, Hunt Valley Mall, and Eastpoint Mall. It has now been revitalized, and is known as The Centre at Golden Ring.
History.
The mall had three anchors: Hecht's (known as The Hecht Company at the time), Montgomery Ward, and Stewart's (a local Baltimore area department store). When Stewart's closed its doors in the early 1980s, Caldor took over the lease space. Golden Ring's demise began in the late 1980s, and was all but closed in 1990 when Hutzler's at White Marsh Mall closed. Hecht's opened a new location in White Marsh's former Hutzler's space in 1992. The Hecht's and Montgomery Ward stayed open until the mall closed. Caldor closed in the late 1990s, and Simon closed the mall in early 2001.
In early 2002, Simon Properties sold the failing mall to Petrie Ventures, Inc. and Heritage Development Co. of Chagrin Falls, Ohio for $14 million.
The Centre at Golden Ring.
The new owners brought about the successful revitalization of the mall, which has daily traffic estimated at 150,000 cars. In 2002, the two-level Golden Ring mall was demolished and the space reconfigured. The site is now occupied by an open-air shopping center called "The Centre at Golden Ring".
Retail space has been downsized from to . New property agents were brought in to put together a good tenant roster, which offered products and services that better matched the demographics of the area
Wal-Mart (), Home Depot () and Sam's Club () now serve as anchors. Leases for the final phase of the project were quickly signed with a variety of retailers and restaurants including Petco, Mattress Warehouse, GameStop, and Panera Bread.

</doc>
<doc id="9699668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699668" title="Toronto Blue Jays spring training">
Toronto Blue Jays spring training

The MLB Toronto Blue Jays spring training games are played at Knology Park in Dunedin, Florida. Knology Park is also home of the Dunedin Blue Jays.
When the Toronto Blue Jays were a first year franchise in 1977 they announced they would play their spring training game in Dunedin, Florida at Grant Field. Since then the Jays have stayed in Dunedin but Grant Field was old and needed renovation so they renovated the park in 1989 and renamed it Knology park. The average price for a blue jays spring training ticket in 1977 was $3.00. The Toronto Blue Jays have had a huge following for spring training games. In 1997 61,000 fans came to the Jays camp for home games.

</doc>
<doc id="9699698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699698" title="Ozanköy S.K.">
Ozanköy S.K.

Ozanköy Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot sports club based in Ozanköy, Kyrenia.
Colors.
The club colors are red and white.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Ozanköy Stadı.

</doc>
<doc id="9699703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699703" title="Urtoxazumab">
Urtoxazumab

Urtoxazumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against diarrhoea caused by "Escherichia coli", serotype O121. The drug is designed to bind to a toxin of this bacterium, so that it can be more easily broken down and eliminated from the body.

</doc>
<doc id="9699726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699726" title="Chidi Odiah">
Chidi Odiah

Chidi Odiah (born 17 December 1983) is a Nigerian professional football player whose last play was for CSKA Moscow in 2012. Odiah has previously played for Sheriff Tiraspol in the Moldovan National Division, Eagle Cement and Julius Berger F.C.
Chidi Odiah has represented his country at international level. He has shown himself to be a skillful, attack minded fullback with a high work-rate.
Club career.
Eagle Cement and Julius Berger.
He began his career with Eagle Cement in the Nigeria Premier League, before moving to Julius Berger F.C. in 2000 for which he has played 10 games. In this year Julius Berger F.C. won the Nigeria Premier League.
Sheriff Tiraspol.
In late 2000 he moved to Sheriff Tiraspol. For the time spent in Tiraspol, Odiah appeared in 58 games adding five goals, becoming one of the major players in the team. Sheriff dominated Moldovan football and Chidi won many honors: Moldovan National Division – 2000–01, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2003–04; Moldovan Cup – 2000/01, 2001/02; Moldovan Super Cup – 2003 and CIS Cup – 2003. He also gained experience in the UEFA Champions League qualifying phase.
CSKA Moscow.
In CIS Cup, he drew the attention of scouts CSKA and in 2004, Odiah joined CSKA Moscow on a four-year contract. Chidi was given the number 15 shirt. He made his debut for CSKA in the Russian Premier League against Rostov. He quickly took up position right back. Season 2005 was the best in his career, to date, Chukwudi won: Russian Premier League – 2005, Russian Cup – 2005, 2004–05 UEFA Cup (by beating Sporting Lisbon 3–1 in the Final on Estádio José Alvalade) and participation in the 2005 UEFA Super Cup. At quarter-finals 2004–05 UEFA Cup he scored the first goal in the 4–0 win over Auxerre. Last success in CSKA: quarter-finals 2009–10 UEFA Champions League and 2010-11 Russian Cup.
After Odiah's release from CSKA Moscow, there was an internet rumour that Odiah had retired from football and was now driving taxi's in the USA, a claim that Odiah denied.
International career and stats.
Chidi has represented his nation at various youth levels. He played for Nigeria U-17 national team to African U-17 Championship – winner of the tournament. On the next event, Meridian Cup, he was team captain. 
His premier match in the senior team took place in September 2004, in a match against Zimbabwe. Chidi also twice won the bronze medal with Nigeria senior team at the African Cup of Nations – 2006, 2010.
Odiah was chosen for the team of Nigeria to 2010 FIFA World Cup and in the first match against Argentina came into the starting lineup, as well in the match with South Korea, he made goal assist.

</doc>
<doc id="9699806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699806" title="10048 (ZIP code)">
10048 (ZIP code)

10048 is the zip code assigned to the former World Trade Center in New York City. Years after the September 11 attacks, some mail continues to be sent to 10048 by senders who have not updated their mailing lists. The zip code is being kept active by the United States Postal Service (USPS). It will not be assigned to 1 World Trade Center and other buildings planned for the World Trade Center site, which will use the zip code 10007 instead.
Mail delivery.
Before the September 11, 2001 attacks, there were eight letter carriers assigned to the buildings to deliver mail to the buildings' tenants. All of the Postal Service employees survived the attacks. In the months following the September 11, 2001 attacks, over 80,000 pieces of mail continued to arrive each day addressed to the World Trade Center, including some items loosely addressed to such recipients as "The Search Dogs" or "The Rescuers". As of 2003, 3,600 items of mail per day were still being sent to 10048. These items were processed at the James A. Farley General Post Office, the main facility for New York City, located across from Penn Station in Midtown Manhattan. Mail there was held for pick-up by messenger, forwarded to the intended recipient, returned to its sender, or destroyed. Following the attacks, the United States Postal Service provided free mail-forwarding service to the WTC's former occupants for three years, rather than the usual one-year period. By the end of 2006, the number of items sent to 10048 had decreased to around 300 items daily, mostly sent from businesses and organizations that had not yet updated their bulk mailing lists.
The 90 Church Street Station Post Office building is located adjacent to the World Trade Center site and the PATH station.
Commemoration.
The 10048 zip code was used again after the September 11, 2001 attacks for a pictorial cancellation commemorating the anniversary of the attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="9699822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699822" title="Cunha (Paredes de Coura)">
Cunha (Paredes de Coura)

Cunha is a civil parish in the municipality of Paredes de Coura, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 529, in an area of 9.98 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9699866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699866" title="1945 in Northern Ireland">
1945 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9699870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699870" title="Wattle Downs">
Wattle Downs

Wattle Downs is a suburb of the former Manukau City, Auckland, in northern New Zealand.
The suburb is located on the Mahia Park peninsula on the Manukau Harbour, along with Wattle Cove.
It is 25 kilometres south of Auckland CBD and 10 kilometres south of Manukau City.
Development.
Originally the Mahia Park peninsula was farmland (Wattle Farm) but has been developed in a number of phases. The area is almost exclusively residential, with only a few shops and schools.
Wattle Cove which is down the end of the peninsula, will contain new houses. Some have already been built but there is still a big area of farmland.
Acacia Cove Retirement Village, a relatively new village, is situated on Wattle Farm Road opposite the golf course.
There are two major shopping areas, one at one end of the peninsula on McQuarrie Ave opposite Clayton Park school, this shopping area includes Cedar Park Dairy, a bakery, and a hairdresser. The other shopping area, at Moor Park includes Moor Park Dairy and Moor Park Takeaway.
Education.
There are two schools and one daycare in the area:
Reremoana Primary School is a school which opened on 7 February 2006. It has been built to cater for the rapidly growing population in the local area.
Clayton Park Primary School is another school in Wattle Downs.
Wattle Downs Early Learning Centre is a day care centre for the under twos.
Recreation.
Wattle Downs Golf Course, a 9 hole golf course, is nestled between areas of housing and includes views over the harbour.
There are several reserves, including Kauri Point Reserve down Moor Park, Wattle Farm Reserve on Wattle Farm Road and Wattle Farm Wetlands Reserve also on Wattle Farm Road.
Location.
A map of Wattle Downs can be seen using Google Maps and a satellite image which illustrates the housing development in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9699877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699877" title="Pagibaximab">
Pagibaximab

Pagibaximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody for the prevention of staphylococcal sepsis in infants with low birth weight. , it is undergoing Phase II/III clinical trials.

</doc>
<doc id="9699894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699894" title="Yuri Nosenko">
Yuri Nosenko

Lt. Col. Yuri Ivanovich Nosenko (; October 30, 1927 – August 23, 2008) was a KGB defector and a figure of significant controversy within the U.S. intelligence community, since his claims contradicted another defector, Anatoliy Golitsyn, who believed he was a KGB plant. The harsh treatment he received as part of the early US interrogation was one of the "abuses" documented in the Central Intelligence Agency "Family Jewels" documents in 1973. In 1978 Director of Central Intelligence Stansfield Turner gave an unclassified briefing, including a summary of testimony given to Congress. In his statement, Turner accepted Nosenko's assertion that the Soviets had no connection with Lee Harvey Oswald and, referring to Nosenko's solitary confinement: "The excessively harsh treatment of Mr. Nosenko went beyond the bounds of propriety or good judgment. At my request, Mr. Hart has discussed this case with many senior officers to make certain that its history will not again be repeated. The other main lesson to be learned is that although counterintelligence analysis necessarily involves the making of hypotheses, we must at all times treat them as what they are, and not act on them until they have been objectively tested in an impartial manner."
Nosenko's case officer was Tennent H. "Pete" Bagley, both when they first met in Geneva in 1962 and subsequently when he defected in 1964. Bagley, subsequently chief of counterintelligence for the Soviet Russia ("SR") Division and Division Deputy Director, wrote a book that was substantially about the Nosenko case. CIA operations officer George Kisevalter, well regarded for his prior handling of Major Pyotr Popov, the first Soviet GRU officer run by the CIA, and a native Russian speaker, was detailed to assist Bagley. In 2013 Bagley wrote another book, revealing new details he acquired by comparing notes with Soviet KGB Chief Sergey Kondrashev. Bagley says he had always suspected that Nosenko might be a plant and was glad to have this confirmed by Kondrashev. Both Bagley and Kondrashev expressed surprise that CIA had accepted Nosenko as genuine for as long as they had, despite more than 30 warning signs.
Biography.
Nosenko was born in Nikolaev, Ukrainian SSR (now Mykolaiv, Ukraine). His father, Ivan Nosenko, was a Soviet politician and from 1939 until his death in 1956, Minister of Shipbuilding of the USSR. Nosenko attended the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO), graduating in 1950, and entered the KGB in 1953.
Nosenko contacted the CIA in Geneva, when he accompanied a diplomatic mission to that city in 1962. Nosenko offered his services for a small amount of money, claiming that a prostitute had robbed him of $900 worth of Swiss francs. He claimed to be deputy chief of the Seventh Department of the KGB, and provided some information that would only be known by someone connected to the KGB. He was given the money he requested and told $25,000 a year would be deposited in an account in his name in the West. Then, at a meeting set up in 1964 he unexpectedly claimed that he had been discovered by the KGB and needed to defect immediately. Nosenko claimed that the Geneva KGB residency had received a cable recalling him to Moscow and he was fearful that he had been found out. NSA was later, but not at the time, able to determine that no such cable had been sent, and Nosenko subsequently admitted making this up to persuade the CIA to accept his defection, which the CIA did.
Assertions about the Kennedy Assassination.
Nosenko claimed that he could provide important negative information about the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, affirming that he had personally handled a review of the case of Lee Harvey Oswald, who had lived in the Soviet Union prior to the Kennedy assassination. Nosenko said that, while the KGB had conducted surveillance of Oswald, it had never tried to recruit him. This issue was critical because KGB involvement with Oswald might suggest Soviet involvement in the Kennedy assassination – a prospect that could have propelled the Cold War into a nuclear war. Nosenko insisted that after interviewing Oswald it was decided that he was not intelligent enough and also "too mentally unstable", a "nut", and therefore unsuitable for intelligence work. Nosenko also stated that the KGB had never questioned Oswald about information he might have gained as a U.S. Marine, including work as an aviation electronics operator at Naval Air Facility Atsugi in Japan.
The situation was made more complex by another defector, controlled by the FBI, codenamed Fedora. Fedora confirmed Nosenko's story about Oswald. Fedora, however, was eventually seen to be a double agent for the Soviets. Realizing that Fedora was feeding information that the Soviets intended to put out fed doubt about Nosenko, but did not prove Nosenko was lying, since double agents often provide some accurate information to prove their credibility.
Two lie detector tests conducted by the CIA suggested that Nosenko was lying about Oswald. However, Nosenko believed the results of the first polygraph were prearranged as a way to break him, and prior to the second polygraph, he was examined by a doctor who "inserted a gloved finger inside Nosenko's rectum and, over his protests, wriggled it around for some ten minutes. The doctor suggested he liked the degradation. Nosenko is certain this was done to anger him and stimulate his blood pressure, a key factor in affecting polygraph readings." Moreover, Nosenko confessed that he had lied to the CIA about his military rank. However, Nosenko passed a third polygraph test given in August 1968, which also included questions about Oswald.
Concerns that Nosenko was a double agent.
Interrogators from the Soviet Russia division suspected that Nosenko was a KGB plant. One reason was that Golytsin had told them that the KGB would send someone after him to try to discredit him. Many inside the CIA thought Nosenko fit this picture, partly because one of Golytsin's main claims was that the KGB had a mole deep in the CIA and Nosenko claimed there was not. Nosenko was seized by CIA officers in Washington and from 1964 to 1967 was held in solitary confinement in a CIA safe house in Clinton, Maryland. Nosenko was also subjected to sensory deprivation and was administered drugs because his CIA handlers believed he was still working in secret for the KGB. Agents also strapped wires to his head, telling him falsely that the device was an electroencephalograph which would allow them to read his mind, while the device was really one that read brainwave patterns. This was a form of psychological intimidation in order to help persuade him to "tell the truth". He was interrogated for 1,277 days.
Part of the evidence against Nosenko was from the work of defected KGB General and CIA agent Peter Deriabin. Deriabin had worked in the same parts of the Soviet KGB where Nosenko had claimed to have worked, but found the details of Nosenko's stories (which changed over time) to be unconvincing. Years after the incident, Deriabin still believed Nosenko was a KGB plant.
When the interrogations led to no substantial results the interrogators were changed, and after a new team was brought on, Nosenko was cleared of all suspicions and released with pay. The question of whether Nosenko was a KGB plant is controversial, and those who handled him initially still believe that his unsolicited walk-in was designed by the KGB to protect a Soviet mole threatened by Golitsyn's knowledge, and his defection by a Soviet desire to discredit the idea of a connection between the Soviet Union and the actions of Lee Harvey Oswald. Others have argued Nosenko was ultimately regarded as an authentic defector through misinformation from another KGB-agent that was thought to be a genuine defector, code-named Fedora. Fedora corroborated Nosenko's authenticity and allegations, specifically that he was indeed a Lt. Colonel of the KGB and that he indeed received recalling orders just before fleeing to the USA. Nosenko confessed later after failing to pass successive poly examinations that he was in reality a KGB captain, while, after NSA revealed that no recall orders ever reached Geneva Soviet embassy, he confessed that he also lied about that. Since Fedora was surely a Soviet agent and he tried to corroborate Nosenko's counterfeited story, it became obvious that Nosenko was a double agent. Same way, from the time when Nosenco confessed that he lied about his grade and the recall orders, it became obvious that Fedora was also a double agent working for the Soviets. Despite these and other indications, both CIA and FBI administrations choose for a number of reasons to ignore the obvious in either cases.
Nosenko has later claimed to have been tortured and even at one point, he said, he was given LSD, and it almost killed him. The guards revived him by dragging him into the shower and alternating the water between hot and cold. These claims have been denied by Richard Helms who was DCI during the most intense part of Nosenko's interrogation.
Aftermath.
On March 1, 1969 Nosenko was formally acknowledged to be a genuine defector, and released, with financial compensation from the CIA.
It has been claimed that it was the CIA counter-intelligence chief, James Jesus Angleton, who was responsible for the hostile interrogation. Angleton did favor Golitsyn in the disputes with Nosenko, but all those involved in the case at the time, including both of Nosenko's handlers, Tennent Bagley and George Kisevalter, agree it was the SR-division. The case has been examined in several books, and the 1986 movie "Yuri Nosenko: Double Agent" starring Tommy Lee Jones. The movie depicted the intense debate over whether Nosenko was an actual defector.
Likely the most comprehensive explanation of the case cast in the light of intelligence analysis was written by Richards J. Heuer, Jr., a 45-year veteran of the CIA that worked on the case in the 1980s. The article entitled "Nosenko: Five Paths to Judgment", was classified for eight years after its publication in 1987 in the CIA's internal journal Studies in Intelligence. The article details the case with regard to the five strategies taught to analysts for revealing deception and has been used for teaching deception analysis to the last few generations of analysts.
Former CIA case officer Robert Baer wrote that "when Nosenko offered a version of Lee Harvey Oswald and the Kennedy assassination that didn't fit with the agency's corporate view he was sent to solitary confinement at the farm for three years."
He helped expose John Vassall, a British civil servant, charged with spying in 1962, as well as Robert Lee Johnson, an American soldier arrested in 1964.
Until his death, Nosenko lived in the US under an assumed name.

</doc>
<doc id="9699903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699903" title="Mauritian Cup">
Mauritian Cup

The Mauritian Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Mauritian football. It was created in 1957 by the Mauritius Football Association.
Winners.
"no cup between 1970 and 1976"
"no cup between 1978 and 1979"

</doc>
<doc id="9699911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699911" title="Wattle Cove">
Wattle Cove

Wattle Cove is a suburb of Manukau City, one of the four cities that merged into Auckland in northern New Zealand.
The suburb is located on Mahia peninsula on the Manukau Harbour, along with Wattle Downs.
It is 25 kilometres south of Auckland city centre and 10 kilometres south of Manukau City Centre, with the only access to Wattle Cove being via Wattle Downs.

</doc>
<doc id="9699916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699916" title="Kilmihil">
Kilmihil

Kilmihil () is a village in west County Clare, Ireland. It is also a civil parish and an ecclesiastical parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe.
History.
It is believed that St. Michael’s Church was founded by St. Senan around 530AD. He dedicated this church to St. Michael. For centuries it became a place of pilgrimage to St. Michael, especially in September as his feast day is on September 29. In 1937 the Curate of the parish Fr. Patrick O’Reilly, organised the improvement of the well and the surrounding area. The well is now enclosed and over this building is the Statue of St. Michael enclosed in glass.
Tradition credits the founding of a church here to St. Senan in honour of Michael the Archangel. During the reign of Pope Gelasius I (AD 492-496) an apparition of the Archangel took place on the summit of Mt. Garganus in Apulia in Italy. This apparition and the founding of the church in Kilmihil both took place during St. Senan’s lifetime (488 – 554 AD). After visiting Rome about 530 AD, he returned to Ireland wishing to foster devotion to Michael. While travelling from Scattery Island to Doolough he stopped in Kilmihil where he founded the church.
Kilmihil today.
The village has three grocery stores, a pharmacy, five pubs, a post office, and several other shops. Other amenities are the credit union, library, garage, retirement village, church, and a community centre. 
There is a primary school and a secondary school (St. Michaels Community College).
In popular culture.
Kilmihil is mentioned in several books. "O Come Ye Back to Ireland: Our First Year in County Clare", a memoir Niall Williams and Christine Breen, describes an Irish/American couple's move from New York back to the cottage of their forebears. (and subsequent books "When Summer's in the Meadow" and "The Luck of the Irish").
Sport.
Kilmihil GAA club won the Clare Senior Football Championship in 1980, its sole victory in the championship's history.
Kilmihil soccer club is named St. Pat's.
Olympian Thomas O'Donahue was born in Kilmihil.
Events.
Kilmihil conducts an annual "Festival of Fun" every year over the August Bank Holiday weekend, which draws large crowds to the village. It includes a parade, a vintage rally, a raft race on Knockalough Lake and various other activities.
Catholic parish.
The parish of Kilmihil is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe. The parish church is St Michael's, Kilmihil. 
Kilmihil is one of the larger parishes in West Clare. It is well known for its Holy Shrine, which attracts many pilgrims due to its "holy" water.
Civil parish.
The parish is part of the historical barony of Clonderalaw. There are 22 townlands in the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="9699924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699924" title="Formariz e Ferreira">
Formariz e Ferreira

Formariz e Ferreira is a civil parish in the municipality of Paredes de Coura, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes Formariz and Ferreira. The population in 2011 was 998, in an area of 19.54 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9699946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699946" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore is an archdiocese in Punjab, Pakistan.
History.
It was founded as a diocese on 1 September 1886, having previously been the Vicariate of Punjab. On 23 April 1994 the diocese was elevated to the rank of Archdiocese. Fr. Lawrence Saldanha was appointed Archbishop of Lahore by pope John Paul II.
The Sacred Heart Cathedral is the principal church of the Archdiocese. The Archdiocese is also home to St. Joseph’s Church, Lahore the oldest church of the Punjab, built in 1853.
The Archdiocese also publishes the Catholic Naqib, the oldest Urdu-language Catholic journal, founded in Lahore in 1929.
In 1964 the Diocese opened the 215 bed Bethania Hospital, Sialkot which focuses mainly on preventing and treating TB. In 2008 it was treating 60,000 patients a year.
Lahore archdiocese had 511,226 Catholics, 30 diocesan priests, and 214 nuns, according to the 2001 Annuario Pontificio, the Vatican yearbook. The largest Catholic Archdiocese in Pakistan is divided into 26 parishes.
The Archdiocese is also home to the St. Francis Xavier Seminary.
The country’s 1st National Eucharistic Congress was organised by the local Catholic Church 9–11 September 2005 at the Marian Shrine of Mariamabad, Lahore diocese. It drew 20,000 participants and attracted ample media coverage local and national.
The national marian strine of Mariamabad is situated 90 km from Lahore. Every year it draws thousands of clergy, religious and laity, families, other Christians and Muslims. Mariamabad shrine was opened in 1949 by a Belgian Cappuchin Friar Frank who died a martyr.
On 14 Feb 2009 Fr. Sebastian Francis Shah OFM was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Lahore.
The Diocese is also home to Catholic TV, Pakistan the first Pakistani Catholic TV channel launched in 2009.
On 7 April 2011 Archbishop Saldanha retired as Archbishop of Lahore.
On December 18, 2011, the archdiocese began celebrations to mark its 125th anniversary. Seventy-five priests and 200 catechists presently serve in 608 Mass centres in the archdiocese.
Pope Francis on July 3, 2013 appointed Fr. Joseph Arshad of the Lahore Archdiocese as the bishop of the Faisalabad Diocese.
Schools in the Diocese.
There were 57,744 students in Catholic schools in the archdiocese - 33 primary schools and 59 high schools. Some of the schools are:

</doc>
<doc id="9699967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699967" title="Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre">
Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre

Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre (formerly Coors Amphitheatre and Comfort Dental Amphitheatre) is an 18,000-capacity amphitheatre, located in Englewood, Colorado. It is the largest outdoor amphitheatre in the Denver metropolitan area and is generally open every year from May to September.
About.
It features 7,500 fixed seats and a general admission lawn section. The amphitheatre is nestled in Greenwood Plaza near the Denver Technological Center amongst office buildings. It opened in 1988 under the original name of Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre with a performance by Dan Fogelberg on June 11, 1988. It was later renamed to Coors Amphitheatre and had an exclusive operating contract with House of Blues until its sale to the new operator Live Nation. John Mayer and Counting Crows opened their 2003 tour with Maroon 5 on July 7, 2003, when the venue reverted to its original name. Starting February 2010, health organization Comfort Dental gained sponsorship rights for three years, changing its name to the Comfort Dental Amphitheatre. The contract expired on January 31, 2013 and was not renewed. Beginning February 2013, the venue is, once again, known by its original name. In October 2013, the venue's operations contract expired with Live Nation, with the entreatment company choosing not to renew. It's owner, The Museum of Outdoor Arts (MOA) signed a 15-year operations agreement with local promoter, AEG Live Rocky Mountains. The partnership will included a $5 million renovation, to take place during the amphitheatre's off season.
Museum of Outdoor Arts.
The Museum of Outdoor Arts, a local non-profit, owns Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre and gave the venue its name when it originally opened. The amphitheatre began as an earth sculpture (made up only of earth and grass) where local business people could break for a lunchtime concert series sponsored by Museum of Outdoor Arts. Later, walls and seats were installed to make it the venue it is today. MOA has leased the venue out to large promoters such as MCA Concerts, House of Blues and Live Nation.
Also owned by MOA is Samson Park, which is connected to the amphitheatre. Samson Park features outdoor sculptures owned by Museum of Outdoor Arts, including its famous bronze series of Alice in Wonderland by artist Harry Marinsky, Stickworks by internationally renowned artist Patrick Dougherty, kinetic sculpture "Estacas" by Ken Bortolazzo, African sculpture by Agnes Nyanhongo and also features seasonal installations by renowned Colorado-based artist Lonnie Hanzon.

</doc>
<doc id="9699996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9699996" title="Adam Lehan">
Adam Lehan

Adam Lehan is known for being the guitarist of the doom metal–stoner metal band Cathedral (1991/93). He played guitar, acoustic guitar and 12 string acoustic guitar, and wrote many songs for the albums "Forest of Equilibrium", Soul Sacrifice, Statik Majik and "The Ethereal Mirror". The band's sell thru DVD also features songs mainly taken from Lehan's stint in the band.
He also played in UK thrash metal band (89/90) Acid Reign, cult thrash band Lord Crucifier from Italy (88) and formed a Venom-inspired thrash band called Deadline (1987). He was guitarist for a rock project he formed with Slammer bassist Russ Burton shortly after leaving Acid Reign but chose to join Cathedral just prior to the recording of their first demo tape.
His rock band 'Flight' are on MySpace Music, as is his personal page - www.myspace.com/lifeandtheriver
He now plays guitar in BENEATH THE OAK, and is reuniting with Cathedral for their 20th Anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="9700007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700007" title="Infesta (Paredes de Coura)">
Infesta (Paredes de Coura)

Infesta is a civil parish in the municipality of Paredes de Coura, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 450, in an area of 5.89 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9700008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700008" title="1944 in Northern Ireland">
1944 in Northern Ireland

This is a list of events that happened in Northern Ireland in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9700009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700009" title="Antonio M. Pérez">
Antonio M. Pérez

Antonio Manuel Pérez Álvarez (born 1947) is a businessman from Spain, former CEO of Eastman Kodak Company, based in Rochester, New York, in the United States.
Education.
An American citizen born in Vigo, Spain, Mr. Perez studied electronic engineering, marketing, and business in Spain and France, graduating from the Technical University of Madrid ("Universidad Politécnica de Madrid"). He subsequently earned a MBA at INSEAD. In 2009, he received an honorary doctorate degree from the University of Rochester.
Pre-Kodak years.
Antonio Pérez joined Kodak in 2003, after a 25 year stint at Hewlett Packard where he was Corporate Vice President and a member of the company's executive council, as President and Chief Operating Officer. In May 2005, he was elected Chief Executive Officer, and on December 31, 2005, he became Chairman of the Company's Board. In his career, Mr. Perez has held a variety of positions in research and development, sales, manufacturing, marketing and management both in Europe and the United States. Immediately prior to joining Kodak, Mr. Perez served as an independent consultant for large investment firms, providing counsel on the effect of technology shifts on financial markets. From June 2000 to December 2001, Mr. Perez was President and Chief Executive Officer of Gemplus International. Mr. Perez served as a director of Schering-Plough Corporation from 2007 through November 2009 and Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. from 2004 to 2007.
Stint at Eastman Kodak.
Pérez was named president of Kodak on April 2, 2003. On May 19, 2005 Pérez was named CEO of Kodak after the retirement of Daniel Carp. On January 1, 2006, he became Chairman of the company’s Board of Directors.
Under Mr. Perez, who joined Kodak from Hewlett-Packard in 2003 and became chief executive in 2005, the company has tried to reinvent itself by focusing on printers, packaging and work force software, however, under Pérez's leadership the price of Kodak shares has decreased from around 25 dollars (in 2005) to less than 1 dollar by September 30, 2011 and the number of Kodak employees has been reduced to about 7000 in the Rochester, NY area where Kodak is headquartered. Pérez was named one of the worst CEOs of 2011 by several online financial news source and online publications including CNBC and the Motley Fool. Mr. Perez financed those efforts with billions in licensing fees from Kodak’s intellectual property, but analysts warned that Kodak was burning through cash too quickly and could eventually run out.
Kodak bankruptcy.
On January 19, 2012 Kodak officially filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, under which the company has until February, 2013 to provide an acceptable restructuring plan. 
In a video message, Antonio Pérez was quoted as saying, “What everyone should expect from Kodak is business as usual.” Many business critics point out that "business as usual" is the problem with the Kodak Business model.They questioned how Kodak would emerge from bankruptcy as a viable company since it has not yet proved that its turnaround strategy, focusing on consumer and commercial printers, can turn a profit.
Shannon Cross, an analyst who has had a sell rating on Kodak since 2001, said the problem for Kodak was that its core businesses had not been making money and the company had been living off licensing fees for intellectual property.“To me it’s not clear that the pieces that will be left at the end make sense as a stand-alone company,” she said. “It’s sad that it happened. It’s not a surprise, the way it’s been managed.”
In explaining the bankruptcy, Mr. Perez said his turnaround efforts were hurt by the recession, which slowed new business growth and expedited the decline of the film business. He said the objectives of the reorganization included obtaining new financing to shore up confidence in Kodak, selling some of the company’s patents and adjusting “legacy” costs – like health care benefits for retirees – to the company’s now smaller size.
“Kodak is taking a significant step toward enabling our enterprise to complete its transformation,” he said in prepared remarks. Under the leadership of Pérez, Eastman Kodak Co. announced on February 9, 2012 that it will stop making digital cameras, pocket video cameras and digital picture frames in a move that will mark the end of an era for the 132 year old company.
Awards, recognitions, and controversy.
Pérez received the 2008 "Corporate Distinguished Achievement Award" from the "B’nai B’rith International" for his humanitarian works and services. In 2009, Pérez received the honorary degree of "Doctor of Laws" from the University of Rochester during the presidency of Joel Seligman. Also, in 2009, Antonio Pérez was named one of the Top 10 CEO's "To Go", according to 247wallst.com. He was criticized for being one of the worst CEO's in the nation, citing the decline of Eastman Kodak during his stint as CEO. 
In February 2011, Perez was appointed to President Obama's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. He is also a founding board member of Change the Equation, a CEO-led initiative to move the U.S. to the top of the pack in science and math education over the next decade.

</doc>
<doc id="9700011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700011" title="Rwandan Cup">
Rwandan Cup

The Rwandan Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Rwandan football. It was created in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9700023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700023" title="Hambleton Ales">
Hambleton Ales

Hambleton Ales is a brewery that was established in 1991 in the tiny hamlet of Holme on Swale, in Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England. Initially based in a converted outbuilding, the brewery achieved the target production of 800 gallons a week, within the first six months, and an award winning beer within the first year.
Hambleton Ales have won a number of awards. Nightmare won Champion Beer at the Society of Independent Brewers (SIBA) northern competition in January 2006 and a gold in the Campaign for Real Ale Champion Winter Beer of Britain in January 1997; and Gluten Free Ale won ‘Best Beer Innovation’ in the coveted Tesco Beer Challenge in 2005.
Today, Hambleton Ales produces 100 barrels a week, employs a staff of fifteen and regularly exports to Europe and the USA.
In 2007, Hambleton Ales moved to a larger Brewery on Barker Business Park, Melmerby.

</doc>
<doc id="9700032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700032" title="Pigeon racing at the 1900 Summer Olympics">
Pigeon racing at the 1900 Summer Olympics

Pigeon racing was an unofficial sport in the 1900 Olympic Games in Paris.
It is known that there were seven events contested in the 1900 Olympic Games schedule. No results have yet been discovered for one of the most unlikely of all Olympic sports.

</doc>
<doc id="9700062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700062" title="Adolfo Luxúria Canibal">
Adolfo Luxúria Canibal

Adolfo Luxúria Canibal (meaning Adolph Cannibal Lust) is the stage name of Adolfo Morais de Macedo. He was born in 1959 in Luanda, Angola. Canibal is a Portuguese musician and lawyer, known for his vocals in both the Portuguese rock band Mão Morta and French electronic noise band Mécanosphère.

</doc>
<doc id="9700083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700083" title="Stanislav Segert">
Stanislav Segert

Stanislav Segert (May 4, 1921 – September 30, 2005) was a prominent scholar of Semitic languages and one of the foremost authorities on North-West Semitic languages.
Life.
Born in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, Segert began his studies at the Protestant Theological Faculty of Charles University in 1939 while also signing up for courses at the Faculty of Arts. When later that year the Nazi occupation authorities closed down all universities, Stanislav Segert completed his studies in various illegal courses and in 1943, he was ordained as a chaplain of the Evangelical church of Czech Brethren. In 1945-1947, Segert pursued his graduate studies at the Faculty of Arts and was awarded a degree of Doctor of Philosophy in Semitic and Classical philology and philosophy. Between 1945 and 1952 he was an assistant lecturer at the Protestant Theological Faculty, mostly teaching courses in Greek and Latin. In 1951, he started teaching at the Faculty of Arts and in 1952, he became a member of the Oriental Institute of the newly established Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences. In 1969, following the government repressions in the wake of the 1968 Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia, he left for the United States where he became a Professor of North-West Semitic languages at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Festschriften.
"Sopher Mahir: Northwest Semitic Studies Presented to Stanislav Segert". Edited by Edward M. Cook. Winona Lake, Indiana: Eisenbrauns, 1990 ( = "Maarav: A Journal for the Study of the Northwest Semitic Languages and Literatures", vols. 5-6, 1990). The volume includes a comprehensive bibliography of Segert's work up to the date of publication.

</doc>
<doc id="9700103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700103" title="Volcanic belt">
Volcanic belt

A volcanic belt is a large volcanically active region. Other terms are used for smaller areas of activity, such as volcanic fields. Volcanic belts are found above zones of unusually high temperature (700-1400°C) where magma is created by partial melting of solid material in the Earth's crust and upper mantle. These areas usually form along tectonic plate boundaries at depths of 10–50 km. For example, volcanoes in Mexico and western North America are mostly in volcanic belts, such as the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt that extends 900 km from west to east across central-southern Mexico and the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province in western Canada.
The deeply deformed and eroded remnants of ancient volcanic belts are found in volcanically inactive regions such as the Canadian Shield. It contains over 150 volcanic belts (now deformed and eroded down to nearly flat plains) that range from 600 to 1200 million years old. These are zones of variably metamorphosed mafic to ultramafic volcanic sequences with associated sedimentary rocks that form what are known as greenstone belts. They are thought to have formed at ancient oceanic spreading centers and island arc terranes. The Abitibi greenstone belt in Ontario and Quebec, Canada is one of the world's largest greenstone belts.
Volcanic belts are similar to a mountain range, but the mountains within the mountain range are volcanoes, not actual mountains that are formed by faulting and folding by the collision of tectonic plates.
Formation.
Volcanic belts may be formed by multiple tectonic settings. They may be formed by subduction zones, which is an area on Earth where two tectonic plates meet and move towards one another, with one sliding underneath the other and moving down into the mantle, at rates typically measured in centimeters per year. An oceanic plate ordinarily slides underneath a continental plate; this often creates an orogenic zone with many volcanoes and earthquakes. In a sense, subduction zones are the opposite of divergent boundaries, areas where material rises up from the mantle and plates are moving apart. An example of a subduction-zone related volcanic belt is the Okhotsk-Chukotka Volcanic Belt in northeastern Eurasia, which is one of the largest subduction-zone related volcanic provinces in the world, stretching some 3200 km and comprising about 2 million km3 of volcanic and plutonic material.
Volcanic belts may also be formed by hotspots, which is a location on the Earth's surface that has experienced active volcanism for a long period of time. These volcanic belts are called volcanic chains. Canadian geologist John Tuzo Wilson came up with the idea in 1963 that volcanic chains like the Hawaiian Islands result from the slow movement of a tectonic plate across a "fixed" hot spot deep beneath the surface of the planet, thought to be caused by a narrow stream of hot mantle convecting up from the mantle-core boundary called a mantle plume. But more recently some geologists, such as Gillian Foulger view upper-mantle convection as a cause. This in turn has re-raised the antipodal pair impact hypothesis, the idea that pairs of opposite hot spots may result from the impact of a large meteor. Geologists have identified some 40-50 such hotspots around the globe, with Hawaii, Réunion, Yellowstone, Galápagos, and Iceland overlying the most currently active. An example of a hotspot volcanic belt is the Anahim Volcanic Belt in British Columbia, Canada, which was formed as a result of the North American Plate sliding westward over the Anahim hotspot.
Most hotspot volcanoes are basaltic because they erupt through oceanic lithosphere (e.g., Hawaii, Tahiti). As a result, they are less explosive than subduction zone volcanoes, which have high water contents. Where hotspots occur under continental crust, basaltic magma is trapped in the less dense continental crust, which is heated and melts to form rhyolites. These rhyolites can be quite hot and form violent eruptions, despite their low water content. For example, the Yellowstone Caldera was formed by some of the most powerful volcanic explosions in geologic history.

</doc>
<doc id="9700139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700139" title="Volociximab">
Volociximab

Volociximab (also known as M200) is a chimeric monoclonal antibody jointly developed by PDL BioPharma and Biogen Idec for treatment of a variety of advanced solid tumors. It binds to and inhibits the functional activity of α5β1 integrin.
It is thought to reduce metastases. Early results show potential in renal cell cancers.
needed

</doc>
<doc id="9700141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700141" title="Infesta">
Infesta

Infesta may refer to the following places in Portugal:

</doc>
<doc id="9700152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700152" title="Andreas Everardus van Braam Houckgeest">
Andreas Everardus van Braam Houckgeest

Andreas Everardus van Braam Houckgeest (1 November 1739 in Werkhoven – 8 July 1801 in Amsterdam) Dutch-American merchant who is mostly known for his participation in the last Dutch embassy to China under the tributary system.
Early career.
In 1757, van Braam joined the Dutch Navy as a midshipman, but soon left the navy for China in order to work for the Dutch East India Company (VOC). In 1758, van Braam arrived in China, and for the remaining eight years he was engage in trade in Guangzhou and Macau. During his sojourn in China, he left for Europe twice and married Catharina Cornelia Geertruida van Reede van Oudthoorn on his last visit.
In 1773, van Braam left China and the following year, he settled in a county-seat near Zutphen in the province of Gelderland. Inspired by the American Revolution, he decided to immigrate to the United States and settled in Charleston to work as a merchant and rice planter in 1783. He became a US citizen the following year. As a consequence of a family tragedy, van Braam decided to leave the US and take up a position as chief of the Dutch factory in Guangzhou. After a long journey, with stops in the Netherlands, Malacca and Batavia, he arrived in Guangzhou in 1790.
Embassy to China.
Having learned about the British Macartney Embassy to the Qing court in 1793, he requested that the commissioners-general in Batavia send a VOC embassy to the court of the Qianlong Emperor for the celebration of his sixtieth year on the throne. Batavia accepted the suggestion, but appointed the chief of the Dutch trading mission in Dejima, Isaac Titsingh (1745–1812) as head of the Dutch embassy instead of van Braam.
In November 1794, the embassy, which included van Braam and Chrétien-Louis-Joseph de Guignes (son of Joseph de Guignes) left Guangzhou and it arrived in Beijing in January 1795, just in time for Chinese new year.
In Beijing, the embassy was received together with representatives of other tributary countries and the members of the embassy performed the kowtow in front of the emperor according to Chinese custom. Unlike British diplomats, the members of the Dutch embassy did not refuse to perform the kowtow. Van Braam distinguished himself when his hat fell off while bowing, causing the emperor to laugh.
Van Braam had retained his US citizenship and thus became the first American to meet a Chinese emperor.
The embassy was lavishly entertained for the remainder of their stay and they were allowed to have additional audiences with the Qianlong emperor at his palace outside Beijing.
The members of the Titsingh mission, including van Braam, were the last European diplomats to savour the mid-winter splendor of the vast Summer Palace (the "Yuangmingyuan", now known as the Old Summer Palace) before its destruction by the Lord Elgin's troops during the punitive Second Opium War in 1860.
Later life.
Upon the embassy's return to Guangzhou in March 1795, van Braam was unable to find a ship bound for the Netherlands and chose to board a ship to Philadelphia, where he arrived in 1796. Van Braam's arrival in the city attracted a lot of attention and he published an account of his journey, which he dedicated to George Washington. Van Braam decided to stay in the area and settled in Bristol outside the city. In 1798, he decided to leave the United States for unknown reasons, and after short stays in Germany and England, he bought a small property in Amsterdam, where he died in July 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="9700165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700165" title="Swazi Cup">
Swazi Cup

The Swazi Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Swazi football. It was created in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="9700175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700175" title="Unbundled access">
Unbundled access

Unbundled access is an often practiced form of regulation during liberalization, where new entrants of the market (challengers) are offered access to facilities of the incumbent, that are hard to duplicate (e.g. for technical or business case reasons). Its applications are mostly found in network-oriented industries (like telecommunication, mail and energy) and often concerns the last mile. 
Unbundled access is similar to Bitstream access, where the incumbent provider gives competitive access to not to the actual copper wire of the local loop, but to a high-speed ADSL data connection. Both setups ensure competition for the backhaul but leave "last mile" infrastructure the responsibility of the incumbent carrier..
Telecommunications.
United States.
In the United States, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 added a number of provisions designed to increase competition. Incumbent local exchange carriers (ILEC), under this law, are required to interconnect with competing telecommunications carriers, allowing access to individual elements of the ILEC's own network on an unbundled basis. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 provided three ways for companies to enter the new competitive telecommunications market: facilities systems, unbundled access, and resale networks.
Unbundled access is defined as "The duty to provide, to any requesting telecommunications carrier for the provision of a telecommunications service, nondiscriminatory access to network elements on an unbundled basis at any technically feasible point on rates, terms, and conditions that are just, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement and the requirements of this section and section 252. An incumbent local exchange carrier shall provide such unbundled network elements in a manner that allows requesting carriers to combine such elements in order to provide such telecommunications service.
In 2005, after much litigation concerning its original unbundling rules, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) made the decision to limit the number and types of unbundled elements that telecommunications carriers were required to offer competitors under the common carrier laws outlined in 47 U.S.C §§ 251. In particular the FCC removed the requirement for ILECs to unbundle Fiber-to-the–Home, and abolished line sharing as an unbundled element. Additionally, the FCC prohibited access to UNEs for the exclusive service to mobile wireless services and long distance services, and removed unbundled switching from the list of UNEs.
Pricing for unbundled access is regulated by powers granted to a State commission. A just and reasonable rate is determined on a nondiscriminatory basis and is based on cost of providing the interconnection or unbundled network element. Provisions in the legislation also allow for these pricing structures to include a reasonable profit for the provider.
This option allows companies, such as cable television, wireless providers, and electric/gas utilities, who already have customers, installation and maintenance crews, and billing systems, to lease the network elements they are missing, such as voice switches or electronic ordering systems, to complete their local telephone system. The 1996 Act, thus mandates that the traditional vertical hierarchy of the telephone industry be divided into parts, known as Unbundled Network Elements (UNE), so that competitive new entrants can choose what they need to provide competitive local telecommunications service.
Mail.
In the United Kingdom, Downstream access (DSA) was first introduced in 2003. Mail which has been collected, sorted and distributed by a competitor (challenger), but is handed over to Royal Mail for delivery (the last mile). The ability to utilise the Royal Mail network in this way ended a 350 year monopoly.
Energy.
In many countries, during the liberalization of the energy market, independent Transmission system operator (in the US Independent system operators) were formed.

</doc>
<doc id="9700185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700185" title="Ramón Osni Moreira Lage">
Ramón Osni Moreira Lage

Ramón Osni Moreira Lage, or simply Ramón (born May 24, 1988 in Nova Era, Minas Gerais), is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder, who currently plays for Remo.
Career.
Ramon started his professional career with Atlético Mineiro, before moving to Corinthians in 2006. In Brazil, many used to compare his playing style to that of Kaká. In 2007, Ramon moved to CSKA Moscow, despite being targeted by Arsenal and A.C. Milan, according to some rumours. Ramon scored one goal for CSKA against their fierce rivals Spartak Moscow in the final of the First Channel Cup, an annual exhibition tournament held in Israel. CSKA went on to beat Spartak 3-2. Ramon scored his first league goal for CSKA in the Russian Premier League second-round derby against Lokomotiv Moscow in March 2007.
On August 2009 he was loaned to Krylya Sovetov.
In December 2010 CSKA president Evgenii Giner said: "I think Ramon has finished with football. He is a talented footballer, but the ones like him finish standing by the beer stand bragging about past glories."
Flamengo career statistics.
"according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website and Flaestatística."

</doc>
<doc id="9700193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700193" title="Assin South District">
Assin South District

The Assin South District is one of the seventeen (17) districts in the Central Region of Ghana. Its capital is Nsuaem Kyekyewere.

</doc>
<doc id="9700198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700198" title="Twifo/Heman/Lower Denkyira District">
Twifo/Heman/Lower Denkyira District

The Twifo/Heman/Lower Denkyira District is one of the seventeen (17) districts in the Central Region of Ghana. Its capital is Twifo Praso.
Twifo/Heman/Lower Denkyira district is where Kakum National Park is located. The district also has the River Pra and the Twifo oil palm plantation ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="9700234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700234" title="Meaux, East Riding of Yorkshire">
Meaux, East Riding of Yorkshire

Meaux (pronounced /mjus/ "mewss") is a hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is about north of Hull city centre and east of Beverley.
Meaux is part of the civil parish of Wawne.
Meaux Abbey was a Cistercian Abbey near Meaux.
Its name is recorded in the "Domesday Book" as "Melse" and seems to come from Old Norse "Mel-sǽr" = "Sandbank-pool", not from Meaux in France.
A French textbook on the history of Meaux (a town about 50 km east of Paris) very clearly does link the two places. It cites a Gamel who fought with William, Duke of Normandy (William the Conqueror) as having been given the lands.
Mewes (also Mewis) is a fairly common family name in the North-East, and believed to be used by descendants of those who came to Yorkshire, as soldiers commanded by Gamel.

</doc>
<doc id="9700238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700238" title="Dorothy Young">
Dorothy Young

Dorothy Lena Young (May 3, 1907March 20, 2011) was an American entertainer who worked as a stage assistant to magician Harry Houdini from 1925 to 1926. She later became a Broadway actress as well as a touring dancer.
Career.
She was selected by Houdini because she was shorter than he was. She left the act two months prior to his death on October 31, 1926. She appeared in the several Houdini documentaries.
After his death, Young, the daughter of a Methodist minister, appeared on Broadway in "Jarnegan" (1928–29), "Conquest" (1933), and "New Faces of 1936" (1936). After leaving acting, she and her second husband, Gilbert Kiamie, toured the world as the Latin dancing team of "Dorothy and Gilbert".
She was the author of two novels loosely based on her life: "Diary Without Dates" and "Dancing on a Dime", the latter of which was made into a feature film in 1940 by Universal Studios, as well as the booklet "Touring with Houdini", published in 2003.
Personal life.
Her first husband, Robert Perkins, died after 13 years of marriage. Her second husband, Gilbert Kiamie, died in 1992. Young, the last surviving member of Houdini's touring show, died in Tinton Falls, New Jersey, on March 20, 2011, aged 103.

</doc>
<doc id="9700244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700244" title="Montana Skies">
Montana Skies

Montana Skies is a guitar and cello duo, with eclectic styles (from finger-picking to flamenco) within contemporary instrumental music. The group Montana Skies is made up of husband and wife Jonathan Adams on guitars (steel string and Spanish/nylon) and Jennifer Adams on cellos (acoustic cello and a custom 6-String Electric cello). Montana Skies has an extensive tour schedule which has taken them all across the US, Canada and to Asia.
Their debut recording Montana Skies reached #1 on world and instrumental music radio charts in April and May 2004 and helped them win the title of “Best New Artist” in the 2004 Lifestyle Radio Awards. Highlights from the cd’s airplay include broadcasts nationally on the NPR radio program “Echoes” and the TV program “Soundcapes”. They have also performed live on radio and TV programs throughout the country and internationally. The duo recently completed a cross country tour of the US in the spring of 2004 and made their international debut last summer in Seoul, Korea.
The couple met almost a decade ago while studying music at the University of Georgia in Athens. At first the two planned on collaborating on classical music but after a trip to the University Library to investigate repertoire, they discovered that music written for cello/guitar was as rare as the combination itself. Jonathan and Jennifer were not discouraged; they began writing their own arrangements to classics and composing music for themselves. Not having set repertoire has given these music artists a great freedom in their musical expression. Jonathan explains, "Throughout the years, we have developed many of our own arrangements ranging from world music and classical to original compositions. The fact that 'ready made' repertoire is not available for our combination of instruments really what pushes us to be more creative with our music. We love composing and arranging, and appreciate the opportunity to present old favorites, along with newer music, to our audiences."
Montana Skies’ name is taken from one of the first songs Jonathan composed for the group entitled “Montana Skies”. Jonathan studied music at Montana State University in Bozeman and this song was written specifically about those times.
They are releasing their newest album Chasing the Sun which was inspired by their most recent cross-country tour. Many of the songs were composed while traveling across the USA and seeing it’s national treasures. Chasing the Sun is an homage to the “road trip".
The Adamses live in the Atlanta, Georgia metro area. They maintain an active touring schedule and conduct community and educational outreach programs in conjunction with concerts. Montana Skies performs in a variety of settings from outdoor music festivals, indoor concert halls, on the campuses of college and universities, and community concerts. Jonathan's full length instructional book and CD, "Getting Into Fingerstyle Guitar" was published in 2002 by Mel-Bay Publications. Additional publications are in-the-works.

</doc>
<doc id="9700248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700248" title="Atiwa District">
Atiwa District

The Atiwa District is one of the twenty-one (21) districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana. The capital is Kwabeng.
History.
Atiwa district was carved out of what is now the East Akim Municipal district in 2004 by the NPP Kufuor government.

</doc>
<doc id="9700259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700259" title="Birim North District">
Birim North District

The Birim North District is one of the twenty-one (21) districts of the Eastern Region of south
Ghana. The capital is New Abirem.
Geography.
The Birim River flows through the Birim North district, an important source of diamonds.

</doc>
<doc id="9700272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700272" title="Insalde e Porreiras">
Insalde e Porreiras

Insalde e Porreiras is a civil parish in the municipality of Paredes de Coura, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes Insalde and Porreiras. The population in 2011 was 459, in an area of 17.59 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9700277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700277" title="Phil Hardy">
Phil Hardy

Philip "Phil" Hardy (born 9 April 1973) is an English-born former Ireland under-21 footballer who played as a left-back. With Welsh club Wrexham from 1990 to 2001, he played more than 450 games under manager Brian Flynn. He was named on the PFA Team of the Year for the 1991–92 Fourth Division campaign. He picked up both a winners medal and a runners-up medal in the Welsh Cup, and during his time at the club Wrexham reached four FAW Premier Cup finals, winning on three occasions, and were also promoted out of the Third Division in 1992–93. He later played ten games for Port Vale, before leaving the professional game in 2002.
Club career.
Hardy started his career with Fourth Division Wrexham, signing professionally for Brian Flynn's side in 1990. He played in the Welsh Cup final at the Cardiff Arms Park in 1991, in what finished as a 2–0 win for Swansea City. An ever-present in the 1991–92 season, along with fellow full-back Andy Thackeray, he played in the club's giant-killing of Arsenal in the FA Cup Third Round. They were eventually defeated by West Ham United in the next round, following a replay. For his performances, Hardy was named on the PFA Team of the Year.
Following the creation of the Premier League, Wrexham spent the 1992–93 season in the Third Division. A second place finish then won the club promotion into the Second Division. The "Red Dragons" held their own in the third tier, and remained in the division for the rest of Hardy's time at the club.
He played in the 1995 Welsh Cup Final victory over Cardiff City, his first appearance in a cup final. Wrexham equalled a club record by reaching the FA Cup quarter-finals in 1996–97, beating Colwyn Bay, Scunthorpe United, West Ham United, Peterborough United and Birmingham City on the way. Drawn against Chesterfield, also of the Third Division, a 1–0 defeat at Saltergate prevented the club from making a first-ever appearance in the FA Cup semi-finals. However Hardy was limited to just sixteen appearances throughout the 1996–97 season.
He posted 39 appearances in 1997–98, picking up seven yellow cards. Wrexham became the inaugural winners of the FAW Premier Cup in 1998, beating Cardiff City 2–1 at the Racecourse Ground. He played 42 games in 1998–99, and at the end of the season Wrexham played in the 1999 FAW Premier Cup Final, losing out 2–1 to Barry Town. He played 45 games in 1999–2000, and Wrexham won the FAW Premier Cup for a third time in 2000, following a 2–0 victory over Cardiff City. Over the course of the campaign he was sent off against Luton Town and Bristol Rovers, and scored his first league goal in a 1–0 win over Colchester United on 24 April.
He made just fourteen appearances in 2000–01, as Wrexham reached the FAW Premier Cup final for a fourth time in 2001, and beat Swansea City 2–0 at Vetch Field. He departed the club at the end of the campaign. Despite being granted a testimonial match for serving the club for more than ten years and playing over 450 games (in all competitions), financial problems from the 2001 season onwards meant that he never received the game.
In June 2001 he signed with Brian Horton's Port Vale. He scored on his league debut for the "Valiants" on 25 August, helping Vale to beat Peterborough United 4–1 at Vale Park. However he was out of the first team picture by October, and was transfer listed in November. Chester City expressed interest in signing him on loan the following month. He joined Luton Town on trial in January 2002, but manager Joe Kinnear decided that Hardy was too small for the Third Division. With ten appearances to his name in 2001–02, he left Vale in April 2002. In November that year had a trial with Mansfield Town. However the 29-year old failed to find a contract at another Football League club, and announced his retirement.
International career.
Hardy earned three caps for the Republic of Ireland U21 side. 
On 29 May 1993, Hardy was a member of an Irish side which played Hungary in a testimonial for David O'Leary, coming on as a substitute for Steve Staunton; the Hungarians won the match 4–2. Although the rest of the Irish team were past or future internationals, the match has not been granted full international status.
Post-retirement.
After retiring Hardy went on to a career in engineering, before becoming a driver for a factory in Ellesmere Port.

</doc>
<doc id="9700283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700283" title="William A. Spinks">
William A. Spinks

William Alexander Spinks, Jr. (1865–1933) was an American professional player of carom billiards in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He was known professionally as William A. Spinks or (in the initialing practice common in his era) W. A. Spinks, and occasionally also referred to as Billy Spinks. In addition to being amateur Pacific Coast Billiards Champion several times, a world champion contender in more than one cue sports discipline, and an exhibition player in Europe, he became the co-inventor (with William Hoskins) in 1897 of modern billiard cue chalk. 
He was originally (and again in retirement from the billiards circuit) a Californian, but spent much of his professional career in Chicago, Illinois. At his peak, his was a household name in U.S. billiards; the "New York Times" ranked Spinks as one of "the most brilliant players among the veterans of the game", and he still holds the world record for points scored in a row (1,010) using a particular shot type. Aside from his billiards playing career, he founded a lucrative sporting goods manufacturing business. He was both an oil company investor and director, and a flower and fruit farm operator and horticulturist, originator of the eponymous Spinks cultivar of avocado.
As an inventor (1892–97).
While Spinks was a world-class player, his lasting contributions to cue sports were the innovations he brought to the game and the industry resulting from his fascination with the abrasives used by players on the leather of their cue sticks.
In 1892, Spinks was particularly impressed by a piece of natural chalk-like substance obtained in France, and presented it to chemist and electrical engineer William Hoskins (1862–1934) of Chicago for analysis. He determined it was porous volcanic rock (pumice) originally probably from Mount Etna, Sicily. Using the rock as a starting place, the two experimented together with different formulations of various materials to achieve the cue ball "" that Spinks sought.
They eventually narrowed their search to a mixture of Illinois-sourced silica and the abrasive substance corundum or aloxite (a form of aluminum oxide, Al2O3), founding William A. Spinks & Company with a factory in Chicago after securing a patent on March 9, 1897. Spinks later left the company as an active party, but it retained his name and was subsequently run by Hoskins, and later by Hoskins's cousin Edmund F. Hoskin, after Hoskins moved on to other projects.
While regular calcium carbonate chalk had been packaged and marketed on a local scale by various parties (English player Jack Carr's "Twisting Powder" of the 1820s being the earliest recorded example, although considered dubious by some billiards researchers), the Spinks Company product (which is still emulated by modern manufacturers with differing, proprietary compounds) effectively revolutionized billiards. The modern product provided a cue tip friction enhancer that allowed the tip to better grip the cue ball briefly and impart a previously unattainable amount of spin on the ball, which consequently allowed more precise and extreme , made miscueing less likely, made and "" shots more plausible, and ultimately spawned the new cue sport of artistic billiards. Even the basic and shots of pool games (such as eight-ball and nine-ball) depend heavily on the effects and properties of modern billiard "chalk".
Spinks made a "fortune" from his co-invention and the company that sold it to the world.
As a player.
Spinks was a formidable specialist and professional competitor in straight rail billiards (early on), and balkline billiards (arguably the most difficult of all cue sports aside from artistic billiards), especially 14.2 and later 18.2 balkline, and skilled enough at the even more difficult 18.1 variant to hold his own against World Champions.
1890s: Rise as a professional contender.
He moved to the East from California, as it was the center of high-quality playing. He began his competitive professional playing career in Brooklyn, New York, ca. 1892, at about 27 years of age.
On December 19, 1893, in Brooklyn, Spinks played in an exhibition that also featured the great Maurice Daly and young champion Frank Ives, and gave demonstrations of fancy shots "(see illustration)". He also played a 14.2 balkline match against World Champion Jacob Schaefer, Sr.; Schaefer won, 250–162, with a high and average of 88 and 20 (respectively) to Spinks's 33 and 13.
In 1894, he was living in Cincinnati, Ohio, and in January of that year offered a convoluted challenge to veteran Edward McLaughlin of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to play him either a single 14.2 match to 600 for US$500 each (a substantial amount of money in that period for someone to put up personally on a bet – approximately $ in modern dollars) in New York City, or one in New York and one in Philadelphia, one in Cincinnati and one in Philadelphia, whatever McLaughlin preferred, and even offered to pay travel expenses to Cincinnati.
Spinks issued an even more curious challenge in November 1894, to play 14.2 balkline against (almost) any challenger to 600 points for a $1,000 pot again, and while including French champion Edward Fournil, the bet specifically the top-three names in that era of the sport, namely Shaefer, Ives and George Franklin Slosson. The challenge was accepted by well-known Chicago pro Thomas Gallagher (in a match that future champion Ora Morningstar traveled all the way to Chicago to see).
Spinks was apparently not a fan of upstart cueist Ives in particular. Days after issuing his caveat-laden challenge, Spinks was described by an onlooking journalist as "very uneasy until the seventeenth inning" as a spectator at the 14.2 balkline World Champion challenge between Ives and incumbent Schaefer; the latter's point total had been trailing, sometimes badly, in all sixteen previous until he rallied in the final inning of the . Spinks, along with Gallagher, even helped Schaefer train in 14.2 for another match against Ives, in October of that year; though Spinks lost this practice match 600–369 (averages 23 vs. 14), he had a high of 109, to Schaefer's 102 (and Gallagher's 157 ).
Spinks was reported in the press in 1895 to be specifically desired as a competitor in an upcoming seven-man invitational tournament for "second class" professional players (i.e., not the top 3), organized by Daly, and with as much as $1,200 (approx. $ in modern dollars) .
Spinks had moved to Chicago by 1896, and was perfecting his billiard chalk with Hoskins. That year he was noted for besting McLaughlin at 14.2 by a comfortable 2500–2300 margin (with averages of 11 vs. 10) in a five-evening 14.2 match for $250 (approx. $$, in modern dollars), December 8–12, in Slosson's New York City billiard hall. At one point he had trailed rather badly, 1500–1880, after McLaughlin pulled off a stunning run of 140 (Spinks's highest recorded run of the match was 69).
By 1897, the year of the launch of Spinks & Company, he had evidently overcome his seeming reluctance to face World Champions again (perhaps from having several years' experience with his own product prototypes). Spinks competed in (but did not win) a December 3 open tournament.
The next month in New York City, a January 15–21, 1898 double-elimination, five-man invitational 18.2 balkline tournament was arranged, again in Chicago. It was a handicapped event, featuring the five top players from the previous event – Schaefer and Ives, as World Champions, had to reach 600 points to Spinks', William Catton's and George Butler Sutton's 260. Without having to rely on the 600-point handicap, Spinks beat Schaefer flat-out, 260–139 (with a high of 48 vs. Schaefer's 38) in his January 18 second game. Spinks (with a high run of "only" 44) was defeated in a very close 249–260 third game a day later by Catton (high run 56) – by way of comparison, the same night Ives trounced Sutton by a whopping 400–160. By January 20, Spinks seemed to be running out of steam, as Sutton took him 260–118, (high runs 73 vs. 30), and he lost again 154–400 (with another high run of 44) to Ives a day later. (In Spinks' defense, he not only did better against Ives than Catton had, but Ives also had a very impressive high run of 136, making it virtually impossible to catch up.) This loss put Spinks out of the tournament at 4th place.
1900s: World-class competitor.
Spinks was still considered a newsworthy contender over a decade later, for the World 18.2 Balkline Championship of 1909, being enumerated in "a fine list of entries" anticipated for the March event.
On January 11, Spinks (with a high run of 51) beat former amateur champion and then-pro Calvin Demarest, 250–199, in only 15 innings – despite scoring 0 points in 4 innings and only 1-point in another – by building several solid runs in the innings in which things went his way. For all intents and purposes it was a 10-inning win. Demarest took his revenge only days later, defeating Spinks in a close 250–225, 23-inning game on January 13, despite Spinks' high run of 78 (his highest 18.2 run on record in publicly available sources, and considerably higher than Demarest's 52 that night). Spinks lost to him again the very next day, 175–250, in an exhibition game, despite Spinks' solid high run of 69, and also beat veteran pro Tom Gallagher.
In January 1909, just prior to an 18.1 balkline championship at Madison Square Garden (in which Spinks was not competing), he and Mauricy Daly were observed playing practice games with Sutton for the latter's pre-event training, in Daly's billiard hall in New York City, on multiple occasions over a several-day stretch. While Spinks lost all but one of the recorded matches of this series, one loss was by a hair, at 400–399, another was 400–370, and his victory was a surprising 300–194 – and 18.1 was not his preferred game.
Many articles of the era stress that Spinks was a Californian, because during this period American billiards was completely dominated by East-Coasters and a few Midwesterners.
1910s–1920s: Setting a record and leveling the field.
Spinks was noted in 1912 for a still-unbroken world record of 1,010 continuous points at 18.2 balkline using the "" (a form of ), and could have made more, but stopped, before rules were instituted especially to curtail the effectiveness of the chuck nurse. The use of such repetitive, predictable shots by Spinks, Schaefer Sr. and their contemporaries led to the development of the more advanced and restrictive "14.1 balkline" rules (invented in 1907, but not played professionally until 1914), which further thwarted the ease of reliance on nurse shots than the older balkline games already did.
In August 1915, Spinks was tapped to join a consultative panel of notable players and major billiard hall proprietors to help develop a new handicapping system for balkline billiards, organized by the Brunswick-Balke-Collender Company, at that time the organizers of the World Championships. The inspiration for the new system was simply making it possible for the newly ascendant Willie Hoppe to be meaningfully challenged (his near-unassailability was hurting billiard tournament revenues, because the outcome was considered foreordained by many potential ticket-buyers), although the system was expected to level the playing field in other ways, especially making it easier for skilled amateurs to enter the professional ranks.
Well into the 1920s, Spinks was still a well-respected figure in the billiards industry, and wrote articles for publications such as "Billiards Magazine", in which he sometimes focused on rather esoteric topics such as in his January 1923 piece on "Ventilation of Billiard Rooms".
As an oilman and farm operator.
Spinks described himself as a director of an oil company at the 1900 census. He invested money from his billiard equipment corporation in the petroleum industry in California.
While Spinks was not operating a farm by 1900, the W. A. Spinks Ranch was a large enough operation by 1909 to employ a staff of farmhands, and included land in Bradbury Canyon, near Duarte, California, where Spinks resided at the time. He described himself as a flower farmer (among other such specialists in the area) in 1910, and later as an "avocado rancher". As a pomology horticulturist, he developed the Spinks avocado cultivar. Spinks was active in the growers' community, and in 1922 hosted a large regional farm bureau meeting of avocado farmers at his ranch-land "mountain estate". Although active as a floriculturist, Spinks made no known lasting contributions to that field.
Spinks avocado.
The Spinks variety of avocado, "Persea americana" 'Spinks', was developed by William A. Spinks at his Duarte ranch between 1910 and 1920.
In 1920, Spinks provided a supply of his avocados for a University of California at Berkeley and California Avocado Association comparison of avocado strains. The Spinks avocado fruit was shown to be more resistant to freezing than other avocados. They also proved to be the second-longest-lasting in storage out of the ten varieties tested.
Considered "famous" by 1918, the Duarte-based Spinks avocado orchards were contracted to supply seedlings in 1919 for the palace of Xu Shichang, the President of China before communism, and other prestigious gardens in Asia. The Spinks varietal was eventually supplanted in popularity by the Hass avocado, the dominant commercial strain today.
Private life.
William A. Spinks, Jr., the youngest of five children, was born July 11, 1865, in the then-small township of San Jose, California, to struggling farmer William, Sr., and wife Cynthia J. (Prather) Spinks. He had blue eyes, dark hair and a ruddy complexion, and was 5 feet 8 inches (1.73 m) tall by adulthood. His education is obscure.
On September 1, 1891, Spinks married Clara Alexandria Karlson (b. December 12, 1871, Gothenburg, Sweden, immigrated 1872; d. October 4, 1949, Los Angeles); they were to remain together for over 40 years. They returned to California from Chicago before the turn of the century. After a period in a San Francisco apartment (ca. 1900), they lived in the then-rural Los Angeles suburbs of Duarte (ca. 1910) where their farm was, and Monrovia (later, by 1920) where they maintained a modest house. After William's business success, the couple became extensive world travelers.
William Spinks died January 15, 1933, aged 67, in Monrovia, California. In Los Angeles County's San Gabriel Valley, Spinks Canyon, its stream Spinks Canyon Creek, and the local major residential thoroughfare Spinks Canyon Road (running through Duarte's northernmost residential area, Duarte Mesa), are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9700296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700296" title="1943 in Northern Ireland">
1943 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9700302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700302" title="Intellectual Property (film)">
Intellectual Property (film)

Intellectual Property is a 2006 film starring Christopher Masterson and Lyndsy Fonseca with Bryan Cranston. It was written, produced and directed by Nicholas Peterson.
Plot.
An eccentric genius is forced to confront the consequences of his own madness in this independent drama.
Production.
"Intellectual Property" was shot entirely on (or just outside of) one sound stage at Santa Clarita Studios in California. Unusually for a low budget independent film, all scenes were shot on specially constructed sets. This was made possible by recycling sets left over from previous productions at the studio.
The film was photographed on Fuji Eterna 500 stock, using an ARRI SR III Super 16mm film camera with Elite Prime lenses. Editing was achieved using the Apple Final Cut Pro system. Digital Intermediate facilities were provided by iO films in Hollywood, who scanned the Super 16mm negative, color corrected the images and transferred them via the Arrilaser to a Kodak 35mm intermediate stock. Prints were made by the Fotokem laboratory.. The film was later released under the name Dark Mind.

</doc>
<doc id="9700306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700306" title="Keith Baxter (drummer)">
Keith Baxter (drummer)

Keith Baxter (19 February 1971 – 4 January 2008) was an English rock drummer. He was born in Morecambe, Lancashire, England.
Biography.
As a teenager he became a founder member of folk metal pioneers Skyclad, recording five albums with them before leaving in 1995, to move to London and join 3 Colours Red, with whom he recorded two UK Top 40 albums ("Pure" and "Revolt") and six Top 40 singles.
Following the split of the band in 1999, Baxter formed the band Elevation with former bandmate from 3 Colours Red, Pete Vuckovic. The pair signed with Sony but were dropped a year later. He moved back north to Lancaster, and briefly played with the Northern Irish band, Therapy? in 2002. 3 Colours Red formed again soon after that to record a third album ("The Union of Souls"), but split up again, permanently, in 2005.
Following this split, Baxter played with the Lancaster based Baby Judas. He died in January 2008, at the age of 36, as a result of a heart attack linked to a gastro-intestinal hemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="9700368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700368" title="Fleet Fawn">
Fleet Fawn

In the 1930s, Fleet Aircraft manufactured a series of single-engined, two-seat training aircraft, based on US designs. The Fleet Model 7B and Model 7C, known respectively as Fawn I and Fawn II were purchased by the RCAF as primary trainers. After years of reliable service, many were available for use in the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan during the Second World War while others remained as station "hacks." 
Design and development.
As a subsidiary of Consolidated Aircraft set up in 1928, Fleet Aircraft had factories at Buffalo, NY, and across the border at Fort Erie, Ontario. The Canadian company produced a series of single-engined, two-seat training aircraft, based on US designs but including variants adapted specifically to Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) needs. 
The Fleet Model 7 began as an American design, the Model 2, originally designed by Consolidated. Besides two prototypes imported from the US, a total of seven Fleet Model 2 trainers were built in Canada for civilian operators.
Derived from earlier Fleet Model 2, the Model 7 featured an aircraft structure consisting of a fabric-covered, welded-steel fuselage with metal panels forward of the wooden cockpits. It had steel-tube faring formers and wooden stringers. The wings were single bay of equal spans and wire braced. The upper wing was made in one piece and constructed with two solid Spruce spars. Ailerons were found only on the bottom wings. Stamped aluminium alloy ribs were used to construct the wings and steel-tube compression struts were at the interplane and centre section of the wings. Interlaced between the wings were streamlined landing and flying wires. Except for a broader chord tail-fin introduced after the first production series, while retaining the original rudder of the Model 2, the Model 7 was superficially identical to its earlier predecessor. 
A variety of equipment could be fitted to the Canadian variant including optional wheel brakes, a tail skid or tail wheel arrangement, a fuselage belly tank and a fixed cockpit enclosure or "coupe top" with hinged sides. During the late 1930s, a sliding cockpit enclosure became standard equipment of all RCAF Fawns. The aircraft could also be configured to use skis, floats or wheels. The main landing gear's radius rods (the members joining the inner ends of the wheel axles to the fuselage) on the Models 2 and 7 were notable for having the one coming from the left wheel "looped", with an open oval piece near its middle, so the one from the right mainwheel could pass right through it. 
Engine choices further dictated the different variants of the Fawn design: the Mk I (Fleet Model 7B) with a Kinner B-5 engine was superseded by the Mk II (Fleet Model 7C) powered by a Armstrong Siddeley Civet seven-cylinder radial engine. Although the RCAF ordered the bulk of the production runs, 12 civil-registered Model 7Bs were completed for the Department of National Defence to be issued to flying clubs.
Operational history.
The Fleet Model7 first saw service with the Royal Canadian Air Force in 1931 when 20 Mk Is were delivered. As a two-seater primary trainer they were felt to have excellent flying characteristics together with a rugged strength which inspired confidence in novice pilots. The RCAF was very impressed with the Fleet Fawn and claimed that the aircraft was one of the factors which improved its flying standards during the 1930s.
A total of 31 Model 7Cs were built between 1931 and 1938 at the Fleet Aircraft of Canada's plant at Fort Erie, Ontario, with the first deliveries made in 1936. Due to the smoother, quieter and more powerful engine, the Model 7C was considered the definitive variant.
Forty three Fleet Model 7B and C trainers were operational with the Royal Canadian Air Force when war was declared in 1939. In service during the Second World War, the RCAF adopted the name "Fawn" for both variants. Along with the more modern follow-up design, the Fleet Finch, Fleet Fawns helped train thousands of pilots under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan during the war. The Fawn remained in service with the RCAF until 1947.
Survivors.
A number of airframes are still in existence including a Fleet Fawn Mk II "CF-CHF" (c/n 58 RCAF 220) on display at the Reynolds-Alberta Museum in Wetaskiwin, Alberta.
Specifications (Fleet Fawn Mk II).
Information based on "Fleet: The Flying Years"

</doc>
<doc id="9700387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700387" title="Lacey Act of 1900">
Lacey Act of 1900

The Lacey Act of 1900, or simply the Lacey Act () is a conservation law in the United States that prohibits trade in wildlife, fish, and plants that have been illegally taken, possessed, transported or sold.
Introduced into Congress by Rep. John F. Lacey, an Iowa Republican, the act was signed into law by President William McKinley on May 25, 1900. It protects both plants and wildlife by creating civil and criminal penalties for those who violate the rules and regulations. It authorizes the Secretary of Interior to aid in restoring game and birds in parts of the U.S. where they have become extinct or rare. It also regulates introduction of birds and other animals to places where they have never existed before. 
The law is still in effect, although it has been amended several times.
Motivation.
In 1900, illegal commercial hunting threatened many game species in the United States. The original Act was directed at the preservation of game and wild birds, making it a federal crime to poach game in one state with the purpose of selling the bounty in another. The law prohibited the transportation of illegally captured or prohibited animals across state lines, and addressed potential problems caused by the introduction of non-native species of birds and animals into native ecosystems.
Today it is primarily used to prevent the importation or spread of potentially dangerous non-native species. The Lacey Act also makes it unlawful to import, export, transport, sell, receive, acquire, or purchase in interstate or foreign commerce any plant in violation of the laws of the United States, a state, an Indian tribe, or any foreign law that protects plants.
Amendments.
The Lacey Act was amended on May 22, 2008, when the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 expanded its protection to a broader range of plants and plant products (Section 8204. Prevention of Illegal Logging Practices), largely championed by Senator Ron Wyden(D)Oregon, with some arguing that some the motivation for the act was to protect US lumber jobs and the supply-chain reporting provisions encountered opposition from the wood industry regarding the , such as objections to the burden of reporting. 
As a result, between 2009-2012 there was opposition to the bill, leading to the failed introduction of RELIEF Act (2011 H.R. 3210), which died in Jun 2012.
This issue attained media prominence in September 2011, including Speaker John Boehner citing Gibson in his response to President Obama’s jobs speech.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced a ban under the Act effective March 23, 2012, on the importation and interstate transportation of four species of constrictor snakes, due to the snakes' impact upon the Florida Everglades.
2011 Gibson Guitar controversy.
Gibson Guitar Corporation was raided twice by federal authorities between 2009 and 2011. In the raids, rosewood and ebony worth thousands of US dollars were seized. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service claimed that the wood had procured a fingerboard that was not sufficiently finished to meet Madagascar allowance for export of fingerboards or violated Indian export law. Gibson initially denied wrongdoing and insisted that the federal government was bullying them.

</doc>
<doc id="9700396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700396" title="Steven Nadler">
Steven Nadler

Steven Nadler is the "William H. Hay II" Professor of Philosophy, and (from 2004-2009) "Max and Frieda Weinstein-Bascom" Professor of Jewish Studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Nadler received his PhD from Columbia University in 1986. His research focus since then has been devoted to the study of philosophy in the seventeenth century, including Descartes and Cartesian philosophy, Spinoza, and Leibniz. His research also includes antecedents of aspects of early modern thought in medieval Latin philosophy and (especially with respect to Spinoza) medieval Jewish philosophy. 
He has taught at the University of Wisconsin–Madison since 1988, and was a visiting professor of philosophy at Stanford University, the University of Chicago, and the Ecole des hautes études en sciences sociales in Paris. In 2008 he held the Spinoza Chair at the University of Amsterdam. Nadler was also a speaker at the symposium on November 2006.
He is currently the editor of the Journal of the History of Philosophy.
External links.
Steven Nadler at UW
Interview on Spinoza

</doc>
<doc id="9700409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700409" title="Deming Bronson">
Deming Bronson

Deming Bronson (July 8, 1894 – May 29, 1957) was a United States Army officer who received the United States military's highest award, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War I.
Bronson was born on July 8, 1894, in Rhinelander, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Washington where he majored in forestry and, from 1912 to 1916, played on the Washington Huskies football team. The University of Washington has erected a monument http://www.wastweetstudio.com/csUWMedalofHonor.html to commemorate eight alumni who have received the Medal Of Honor. No other non-service University has as many. 
Bronson joined the Army from Seattle, Washington, and by September 26, 1918, was serving in France as a first lieutenant with Company H of the 364th Infantry Regiment, 91st Division. On the first day of the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, near the village of Eclisfontaine, he was wounded by a grenade but continued to fight and helped capture an enemy dugout. Shot in the arm later that day, he refused medical evacuation and remained with his unit through the night. The next morning, after joining a company which was on the front line of an attack, he assisted in the capture of Eclisfontaine and an enemy machine gun position. As the company withdrew, he was wounded a third time by an artillery shell, but again refused to be evacuated and remained with his men all night. Bronson recovered from his injuries and was awarded the Medal of Honor in the office of President Herbert Hoover on November 19, 1929. After the war, Bronson became an executive with a paint company in Ohio and New Jersey, and later worked in the family lumber business in Oregon.
He died May 29, 1957, and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia. His grave can be found in Section 30, Lot 500.
Medal of Honor citation.
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty in action with the enemy. On the morning of 26 September, during the advance of the 364th Infantry, 1st Lt. Bronson was struck by an exploding enemy handgrenade, receiving deep cuts on his face and the back of his head. He nevertheless participated in the action which resulted in the capture of an enemy dugout from which a great number of prisoners were taken. This was effected with difficulty and under extremely hazardous conditions because it was necessary to advance without the advantage of cover and, from an exposed position, throw hand grenades and phosphorus bombs to compel the enemy to surrender. On the afternoon of the same day he was painfully wounded in the left arm by an enemy rifle bullet, and after receiving first aid treatment he was directed to the rear. Disregarding these instructions, 1st Lt. Bronson remained on duty with his company through the night although suffering from severe pain and shock. On the morning of 27 September, his regiment resumed its attack, the object being the village of Eclisfontaine. Company H, to which 1st Lt. Bronson was assigned, was left in support of the attacking line, Company E being in the line. He gallantly joined that company in spite of his wounds and engaged with it in the capture of the village. After the capture he remained with Company E and participated with it in the capture of an enemy machinegun, he himself killing the enemy gunner. Shortly after this encounter the company was compelled to retire due to the heavy enemy artillery barrage. During this retirement 1st Lt. Bronson, who was the last man to leave the advanced position, was again wounded in both arms by an enemy high-explosive shell. He was then assisted to cover by another officer who applied first aid. Although bleeding profusely and faint from the loss of blood, 1st Lt. Bronson remained with the survivors of the company throughout the night of the second day, refusing to go to the rear for treatment. His conspicuous gallantry and spirit of self-sacrifice were a source of great inspiration to the members of the entire command.

</doc>
<doc id="9700430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700430" title="Teixeiro">
Teixeiro

Teixeiro, or Teijeiro in Spanish, is a small community located in the province of A Coruña, in the Galician region of Spain. It is part of the municipality of Curtis in the comarca of Betanzos of which it is capital.
The town hall of Curtis ("Casa do Concello") is in Teixeiro as well as the "Plaza de España" ("Plaza of Spain"). It has a much smaller population than Curtis, approximately 10 miles to the west. 

</doc>
<doc id="9700434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700434" title="Huancabamba Depression">
Huancabamba Depression

The Huancabamba Depression is an east-west depression through the Andes Mountains of northern Peru. The Huancabamba Depression interrupts the Central and Eastern Cordilleras of the Andes, and the Marañón River and its tributaries drain eastward through the depression into the Amazon basin. Western Cordillera has its lowest point, 2145 meters, at the Paso de Porculla.
The Huancabamba Depression is home to the Marañón dry forests, which form both a biogeographic connection between the lowland forests of the Pacific coast and the Amazon basin, and a biogeographic barrier between the Northern Andes and the Central Andes.

</doc>
<doc id="9700443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700443" title="KNTY">
KNTY

KNTY (101.9 The Wolf) is commercial radio station located in Shingle Springs, California, broadcasting to the Sacramento, California, area on 101.9 FM. The station airs a country music format branded as "The Wolf". KNTY is owned by Entravision Communications, and is housed with sister stations KHHM, KRCX, and KXSE at 1436 Auburn Blvd. in Sacramento. A transmitter site is miles east of Auburn.
Although KNTY has an HD Radio channel, it has yet to sign on a HD2 or HD3 subcarrier.
History.
101.9 started off as a Contemporary Christian music format in 1989 as KLIQ, better known as Q-102. Its sister station was KFIA, owned by Olympic Broadcasting. In September 1991, it simulcast with KFIA except during drive times and on the weekend when it aired Christian music. Its call letters were changed to KFIA-FM. In October 1993, the station switched to a contemporary jazz format and call letters to KSSJ. By 2000, KSSJ changed to oldies (as Cool 101.9 under the KCCL-FM calls) after KHYL dropped the format for Rhythmic Oldies. The call letters were changed to KNTY on July 19, 2006. "The Wolf" features Heather Lee mornings, Kelly Symone in middays, Charlee Simons in afternoons, and Boomer in evenings.

</doc>
<doc id="9700447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700447" title="Association for Politics and the Life Sciences">
Association for Politics and the Life Sciences

The Association for Politics and the Life Sciences (APLS) was formed in 1981 and exists to study the field of biopolitics as a subfield of political science. APLS owns and publishes an academic peer-reviewed journal, called "Politics and the Life Sciences" (PLS), semi-annually in March and September. The journal is edited at Indiana University at Bloomington.

</doc>
<doc id="9700449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700449" title="Barcelos, Portugal">
Barcelos, Portugal

Barcelos is a city in Barcelos Municipality in Braga District.
History.
Originally a Roman settlement, it expanded and became the seat of the First Duke of Bragança in the 15th century. The palace of the Dukes of Bragança was destroyed by an earthquake in 1755 and is now an open-air museum.
The town's famous symbol is a rooster, in Portuguese called "o galo de Barcelos" ("the Rooster of Barcelos"). One of the many versions of this legend goes that a rich man threw a big party. When the party was over, the rich man noticed that his sterling cutlery was stolen by a guest. He accused a pilgrim and let him go to court. He protested his innocence, but the judge didn't believe him. The judge was about to eat a roasted rooster when the pilgrim said: "If I am innocent, this rooster will crow three times." When the pilgrim was about to be lynched, the rooster crowed. The judge released the pilgrim. The story ends a few years later when the pilgrim returned and made a statue over the event.
Sport.
Barcelos is home to Gil Vicente Futebol Clube (football) and Óquei Clube de Barcelos (rink hockey).

</doc>
<doc id="9700450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700450" title="Lower Lake Fork Valley, Colorado">
Lower Lake Fork Valley, Colorado

The Lake Fork of the Gunnison River begins in high mountains in the western region of the U.S. state of Colorado, draining the northeastern part of the San Juan Mountains.
After passing through Lake San Cristobal, one of the larger natural lakes of Colorado, it is joined at Lake City by Henson Creek, and from there flows north. About 22 miles (35 km) north of Lake City, it enters the Lake Fork Canyon, and at the north end of the canyon, joins the Gunnison River just before it enters the Gunnison River canyon. For the purposes of this discussion, we will consider the lower Lake Fork Valley to be that part of the river between Lake City and the canyon.
The area is not unlike many other areas in the west. Early on, it was Ute Indian land and when white men began moving into the area, using places and resources of the Utes, there were conflicts. The discovery of gold in Colorado brought numbers of prospectors into the mountains. To deal with these problems, a treaty was signed in 1868, giving much of western Colorado to the Utes. However, gold continued to attract prospectors to the area and troubles continued. To deal with it, a group of Ute leaders were taken to Washington, D.C. in 1873, and under protest, they signed the Brunot treaty which opened a large portion of the San Juan Mountains to prospectors and mining.
Otto Mears, a man responsible for many of the railroads and roads in Colorado, hired Enos Hotchkiss to build a road into the Lake City area, from which it was to continue on to the west. Hotchkiss found gold near present Lake City in 1875, and the town was started. Thus began the era when minerals and mining defined much of the character of the Lake Fork area. Even at these early times, though, there were people who saw the beauty of the mountains and realized that the area had great resources for raising cattle, and so ranches, although secondary to mining, began. With more and more people in the area, there was need for mail and other services and the stagecoach became important. One of these stagecoach routes began at Sapinero, the small town at the intersection of the Lake Fork and the Gunnison Rivers. The route went up over Sapinero Mesa on the east side of the Lake Fork Canyon. A small stream called Johnson Gulch (after an early squatter who built a cabin there) runs from the east to the Lake Fork river, just above the canyon. The stage road dropped into Johnson Gulch and then down into the valley of the Lake Fork. From there it went 2 miles (3 km) to the south where a stage station and large barn were built at what was later called Barnum Station. From there, it continued up the Lake Fork valley to Lake City.
Only small amounts of minerals were able to be taken from the Lake City area in wagons and so pressure for a railroad developed. In 1881, the Denver and Rio Grande (D&RG) built a rail line into Gunnison and then continued to the west to Sapinero. Although a branch had been planned for Lake City, the lack of money delayed it. Finally, in 1879, it was completed. This was the end of the stagecoach in this area. The rail line came up the Lake Fork Canyon and at Johnson Gulch, a water tank was built to provide water for the steam engines. This was called Madera Siding. The rail line continued to the area below Barnum Station where holding corrals were built, and this was an important loading place for cattle which were then shipped to Sapinero and from there on east across Marshall Pass. The major use of the rail line, however, was to carry increasing mineral wealth from the Lake City area. Ranchers along the valley were also dependent on the train to bring mail and needed supplies.
As with so many other mining areas, the mines of Lake City began producing less and less. Finally in 1933, the rail line was making little money and was abandoned by the D&RG. The line was purchased and called the San Cristobal Railroad, and a galloping goose was built to run on the tracks and to take mail and other things to and from Lake City. The galloping goose was a combination between a car and a railway car, built on a Pierce-Arrow body. It used a gasoline engine and could be driven up the railroad tracks and carry mail and limited amounts of freight. This was never very successful, though, and the rail line was completely abandoned in 1939. By this time, there were automobile roads into the area, and mail was brought into the valley from Gunnison in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="9700456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700456" title="Nyerere Cup">
Nyerere Cup

The Nyerere Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Tanzanian football. It was created in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9700464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700464" title="1942 in Northern Ireland">
1942 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9700469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700469" title="Heather Doerksen">
Heather Doerksen

Heather Doerksen (pronounced Dirksin) (born February 12, 1980) is a Canadian actress who has appeared on stage, and on screen alongside such actors as Kathy Bates, William H. Macy, Christopher Lloyd, and Jessica Alba. She has voiced many cartoons and advertising campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="9700478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700478" title="Paredes, Portugal">
Paredes, Portugal

Paredes is a city in Paredes Municipality in Portugal.
The city of Paredes has about 12,654 inhabitants. It is incorporated in the civil parish of Castelões de Cepeda.

</doc>
<doc id="9700495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700495" title="Iratumumab">
Iratumumab

Iratumumab is a human monoclonal antibody used in the treatment of oncological diseases such as relapsed refractory CD30-positive lymphoma including Hodgkin's disease.
This drug was developed by Medarex, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9700502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700502" title="(38084) 1999 HB12">
(38084) 1999 HB12

, also written as (38084) 1999 HB12, is a trans-Neptunian object that resides in the Kuiper belt region of the Solar System. It was discovered on April 18, 1999 by Marc W. Buie and Robert L. Millis.
It is in a 2:5 orbital resonance with the planet Neptune.

</doc>
<doc id="9700512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700512" title="Stenbastugränd">
Stenbastugränd

Stenbastugränd ("Stenbadstugränd") () is a small alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Connecting Västerlånggatan to the square Brantingtorget, it forms a parallel street to Kolmätargränd and Storkyrkobrinken.
The present name of the alley first appears in historical records in 1440 as "stenbadzstufwo grændinne", thus referring to the city's stone sauna located in the alley. As early as 1515, however, the alley is called "Wruaders gränd" in references to Nils Månsson Urväder who bought a brewery in the alley in 1485. The latter name was the one used until 1925, when the alley was given back its old name in order to avoid confusion with the street on Södermalm also called Urvädergränd. The alley used to stretch through the present block all the way to Myntgatan on the opposite side. In connection to the enlargement of Kanslihuset ("The Chancellery House") during World War II, which resulted in Kanslihusannexet ("The Chancellery Annex") and its circular courtyard (Brantingtorget), the alley was transformed into the short tunnel it is today.

</doc>
<doc id="9700513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700513" title="Peter Storm">
Peter Storm

Peter Storm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9700526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700526" title="Lexatumumab">
Lexatumumab

Lexatumumab (also known as ETR2-ST01) is an experimental agonistic human monoclonal antibody against TRAIL-R2 (DR5, APO-2) undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of cancer.
HGS-ETR2 antibodies were generated by HGS through a collaboration with Cambridge Antibody Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="9700566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700566" title="Marcus Cunliffe">
Marcus Cunliffe

Marcus Cunliffe (1922–1990) was a British scholar who specialized in American Studies, especially military and cultural history. Cunliffe stressed the powerful influence of Americans' cultural beliefs about their own natural military capacity, reinforced by a latent dislike of military professionals, on the nature and performance of the militia/volunteers. Cunliffe pointed the way to the "new military history" in his "Soldiers and Civilians: The Martial Spirit in America, 1775–1865" (1969). Cunliffe explored American "exceptionalism" and the national desire it promotes to look inward rather than outward. Cunliffe forcefully argues that the United States was less exceptional than many American writers believe. He always emphasizes the interconnections between Western cultures. Living in Washington in the 1980s, he perhaps reacted against the chauvinism of the Ronald Reagan years; but his writing invariably stressed the European (and especially British) roots of American military ideas.
Biography.
Education.
Cunliffe was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, Sandhurst and Yale, where he was Harkness Fellow.[http://journals.cambridge.org/download.php?file=%2FAMS%2FAMS39_03%2FS0021875805000563a.pdf&code=c96c65d39537ce16d36eebf438633b36] He later served as an intelligence officer in the Royal Tank Regiment during the Second World War.
Career.
Cunliffe lectured at the University of Manchester and the University of Sussex, where he was "Professor of American Studies"; he was also a visiting professor at Harvard.
He wrote many books on American history, including "The Nation Takes Shape, 1789-1837" (1960), a book in the "Chicago History of American Civilization" series planned and edited by Daniel J. Boorstin, that traces the growth of the United States from the launching of government under the Constitution in 1789 through the end of the presidency of Andrew Jackson in 1837; "George Washington: Man and Monument" (1958), a terse, incisive, and witty examination of the life of George Washington and his historical significance which is still generally regarded as the best short book ever written on Washington; an important series of lectures, "Chattel Slavery and Wage Slavery" (1979), which compared the conditions of slavery in the American south (as chattel slavery) and industrial labor in the North (as wage slavery), and the historical political dynamics of this comparison; a general history of the American presidency in various editions; and such notable contributions to American military history as "Soldiers and Civilians: The Martial Spirit in America, 1775-1865" (1969).
A posthumously-published collection of essays, "In Search of America: Trans-Atlantic Essays, 1956-1990", was published by Greenwood Press in 1991.
Personal life.
In 1949, he met and married American sculptor Mitzi Solomon. Together, they had a son and two daughters (one of whom is Shay Cunliffe, Costume Designers Guild Award winner). They divorced in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9700567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700567" title="Mario Chalmers">
Mario Chalmers

Almario Vernard "Mario" Chalmers (born May 19, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who currently is a free agent of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was selected 34th overall in the 2008 NBA Draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves. Chalmers played for the University of Kansas in college for three seasons, including the 2007–08 national championship team, hitting a dramatic three-pointer with 2.1 seconds left in regulation to send the game against the Memphis Tigers into overtime, with Kansas eventually winning the game.
In the 2006–2007 Big 12 Coaches Awards, Chalmers was named Co-Defensive Player of the Year with Marcus Dove of Oklahoma State. Chalmers was also voted on the All Big 12 Third Team, and the All Big 12 Defensive Team.
In the 2007–2008 season, Chalmers was named Big 12 All-Defensive First Team and All Big 12 Second Team. He was also named Most Outstanding Player of the 2008 NCAA Championship.
High school.
Chalmers attended Bartlett High School in Anchorage, Alaska. Chalmers was named 4A State Player of the Year three times in a row, joining Trajan Langdon as the only other player to do so. Chalmers also led his school to two state championships in 2002 and 2003, and a runner up finish in 2004.
College.
Chalmers was rated the #2 overall point guard in the 2005 recruiting class by Rivals.com and Scout.com. He considered Arizona, North Carolina, Wake Forest and Georgia Tech before finally committing to the University of Kansas on May 21, 2004.
Freshman year.
Chalmers began his college career on the bench behind guard Jeff Hawkins, but worked his way into the starting rotation in January 2006. He finished the season starting 21 of the final 22 games (missing only senior night). He finished his freshman year averaging 11.5 points per game, second on the team. He became the second freshman in Big 12 history to win Conference Player of the Week honors and was named National Freshman of the Week twice. He also set the KU and Big 12 record for most steals in a season by a freshman with 89. Chalmers won the Big 12 Tournament Most Valuable Player, KU's Clyde Lovellette Most Improved Player Award (co- with Julian Wright), and the Dutch Lonborg Free Throw Percentage Award (78.8%).
Sophomore year.
Chalmers was second on the team in scoring at 12.3 points per game, recording four 20 point games during the 06–07 season. In the Big 12 Coaches Awards, Chalmers was named Co-Defensive Player of the Year with Marcus Dove of Oklahoma State. Chalmers was also voted on the All Big 12 Third Team, and the All Big 12 Defensive Team. His season total of 97 steals put him in first place in Kansas basketball history for steals in a single season.
Junior year.
Chalmers averaged 12.8 points per game during his junior year. He also led the team in assists per game, with 4.3; 3-point shooting accuracy, at 46.8%; and steals, with 97. His 97 steals tied the school's single season record, a record he set as a sophomore. He scored 30 points in Kansas' win in the Big 12 Conference tournament title game against Texas.
He was named Big 12 All-Defensive First Team and All Big 12 Second Team.
Chalmers helped his team win the 2008 NCAA Championship with a three-point shot with 2.1 seconds left in the final game (often referred to as "Mario's Miracle"). His three just before the end of regulation brought the game into overtime, when Kansas would take over and beat the Memphis Tigers. Chalmers was named Most Outstanding Player of the tournament. It was the Jayhawks' 5th national title (including two pre-tournament titles in 1922 and 1923). He was on the defensive first team in the NCAA.
On February 16, 2013, the University of Kansas basketball program retired his jersey, #15.
NBA career.
After working out for 13 teams, Chalmers was drafted with the 34th overall pick in the second round of the 2008 NBA draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves. When asked immediately after being drafted how many times he had watched his overtime-forcing three-pointer against Memphis in the NCAA championship, Chalmers responded, "a million times." The rights to Chalmers were later included in a trade with the Miami Heat.
On September 3, 2008, Chalmers and fellow former Kansas Jayhawks teammate Darrell Arthur were excused from the NBA's rookie transition program after they were caught in their hotel room that security at the resort described as smelling of marijuana with two women. Fellow NBA rookie Michael Beasley was not asked to leave camp, but was later fined $50,000 for his involvement in the incident.
Chalmers denied any connection with marijuana and was later fined $20,000 by the league for being suspended from the rookie symposium.
2008–09 season.
Chalmers started all 82 regular season games his rookie year and finished the season averaging 10.0 points, 4.9 assists, 2.8 rebounds, and 1.95 steals on 32.0 minutes per game. His 1.95 steals per game ranked number one among all rookies and the fourth highest among all players.
On November 5, 2008, Chalmers set a new Miami Heat team record for steals with 9 in just his fourth game in the NBA.
2009–10 season.
Chalmers had played in every game up to missing January 31 game against Milwaukee Bucks. It was the first game he had missed in his two year career. On January 31, 2010, an MRI confirmed that Chalmers had a torn ligament in his thumb. Chalmers returned from the injury a few weeks later, and played out the remainder of the season and the playoffs.
2010–11 season.
On July 8, 2010, when LeBron James announced he would be joining the Miami Heat, Chalmers changed to his collegiate number 15, and James took Chalmers' old number 6.
In Game 5 of the 2011 NBA Finals, Chalmers made a half-court shot at the buzzer of the first quarter to give the Miami Heat a 31–30 lead, but the Heat would lose the game to the Dallas Mavericks 112–103 and trail in the series two games to three. Chalmers had 15 points, four rebounds, two assists, and a steal. In Game 6, the Heat fell to the Mavericks.
2011–12 season.
On June 15, 2011, the Heat extended a qualifying offer to Chalmers, making him a restricted free agent in the offseason. On December 9, 2011, Chalmers officially re-signed with the Heat on a 3 year, $12 million deal. He recorded 29 points in a triple-overtime victory over the Atlanta Hawks on January 5, 2012.
On February 15, 2012, the NBA announced that Chalmers, along with fellow Heat player James Jones, were going to participate in the NBA All-Star Weekend Three-Point Shootout. However, Chalmers was eliminated in the first round.
Statistically, Chalmers had his best regular season since his rookie year, and had career highs in both three-point percentage and field goal percentage.
Chalmers was highly praised for his 25 point performance in Game 4 of the 2012 NBA Finals. He scored 12 points in the fourth quarter to help the Heat win the game. In Game 5 of the NBA Finals, Chalmers recorded 10 points, 7 assists and 2 rebounds in 34 minutes of play as the Heat and Chalmers won the 2012 NBA championship. It was Chalmers' first NBA title.
2012–13 season.
On January 12, 2013, Chalmers scored a career-high 34 points against the Sacramento Kings, making 10 three-pointers. He tied the Heat's record for most three-pointers in a game. On June 9, 2013, during Game 2 of the NBA Finals against the San Antonio Spurs, Chalmers led all scorers with 19 points as the Heat tied the series 1-1 with a 103-84 victory. In the sixth game of the series, on June 18, 2013, he scored 20 points to help the Heat secure a 103-100 win. He won his second championship on June 20, 2013, as the Heat defeated the Spurs to conclude an intense seven game series.
2013–14 season.
During the season Chalmers averaged 9.8 points and 4.9 assists in 73 games. The Heat and Chalmers advanced to the 2014 NBA Finals which was their fourth straight Finals appearance. The Heat would again face the San Antonio Spurs. He would struggle throughout the series and was replaced in the starting lineup by Ray Allen in game 5. The Heat ended up losing the series in five games.
Charity.
Chalmers is the founder of the Mario V. Chalmers Foundation, which supports athletic and educational programs for children and also helps fund programs for breast cancer research. During the summer of 2012, Micah Lancaster directed the Miracle Shot Mario Chalmers basketball camp in Salina, Kansas with Mario.
In 2013, Chalmers established a travel team program for youth boys called Team Rio National. The 7th grade team is one of the top ranked teams in the nation and competes in the NYBL.
Personal life.
Chalmers was born to Ronnie and Almarie Chalmers. He has an older sister named Roneka, who resides in Charlotte, North Carolina. He also has a son, named Zachiah A'mario Johnson, and a daughter named Queen Elizabeth. Chalmers is the cousin of former Los Angeles Clippers guard and Xavier standout Lionel Chalmers, and former Minnesota Timberwolves guard Chris Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="9700601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700601" title="Stephen Arroyo">
Stephen Arroyo

Stephen Arroyo (born October 6, 1946 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American author and astrologer.
Arroyo has written seven books on psychologically oriented astrology. His works recast astrological concepts in psychological terms, and reject what he perceives as the fatalism and negativity of old-fashioned astrology. His books have now been translated into 20 languages.
Regarding his written works, the Library Journal stated: “The simplicity and clarity of his treatment of complex ideas is remarkable; it makes accessible even to the beginner a wealth of understanding.…giving meaningful psychological grounding to astrological interpretation.”
Arroyo has been guest speaker at events in the North America and Europe, and has taught astrology courses in the United States. He has been awarded the British Astrological Association Astrology Prize, the Fraternity of Canadian Astrologers’ International Sun Award, and the United Astrology Congress’s Regulus Award. He has an honors degree in literature from the University of California and a Masters Degree in Psychology. Previous occupations include marriage counseling, and the practice of a homeopathy and polarity therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="9700603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700603" title="Chong Yingbiao">
Chong Yingbiao

Chong Yingbiao (Chinese: 崇应彪; Pinyin: Chóng Yīngbiāo) a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Fengshen Yanyi". Chong Yingbiao is the son of Chong Houhu, the Grand Duke of the North. 
During the coalition against Su Hu, Chong Yingbiao would support his father to his greatest potential. Following the death of Mei Wu, and Chong Houhu's retreat into the neighboring forest region, Chong Yingbiao would try his best to support his depressed father in any such way. Once Chong Houhu and all of his men were flamed out of the forest by Su Hu's forces, Chong Yingbiao would lead the rear guard in support. While in retreat, Chong Yingbiao would tell his father to send a letter to Ji Chang and immediately ask for troops to assist. Thus, Chong Yingbiao, combined with Chong Heihu would defend Chong Houhu to their ultimate level of strength. 
Following the end of the Su Hu coalition, Chong Yingbiao would remain as the head over Tiger Town, Chong Houhu's capital. Seven years following this point during King Wen's attack upon Tiger Town, Chong Yingbiao would defend the capital at his fullest potential. However, once the ruse of Chong Heihu was successful, Chong Yingbiao would be beheaded -- along with his father.
Chong Yingbiao was appointed as the deity in Jiuyao Xinggong (九曜星宫) in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="9700609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700609" title="Coupe du Gabon Interclubs">
Coupe du Gabon Interclubs

The Coupe du Gabon Interclubs is the top knockout tournament of the Gabonese football.

</doc>
<doc id="9700632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700632" title="Creignish, Nova Scotia">
Creignish, Nova Scotia

Creignish () is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Inverness County on Cape Breton Island near the mouth of the Strait of Canso.
The community is the hometown of musician Ashley MacIsaac, former QMJHL hockey player Nick MacNeil, and the Creignish Dukes baseball team.
Creignish is also the setting of Linden MacIntyre's award-winning novel "The Bishop's Man".

</doc>
<doc id="9700653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700653" title="Mapatumumab">
Mapatumumab

Mapatumumab (HGS-ETR1) is an experimental human monoclonal antibody undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of cancer.
This drug was discovered by Cambridge Antibody Technology (CAT) and Human Genome Sciences, Inc. (HGS) as a result of the collaboration between the two companies in 1999 in exploitation CAT's phage display technology.
Early work by CAT and HGS indicated that mapatumumab induced cell death in multiple tumour types both in vitro and in vivo.
Clinical trials.
A phase 1 clinical trial in 2004 demonstrated the safety and tolerability of mapatumumab in cancer patients with advanced solid tumors or non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, and supported further evaluation in phase 2 clinical trials, both as a single agent and in combination with chemotherapy.
2005: In a phase 2 clinical trial mapatumumab was well tolerated and could be administered safely in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and advanced colorectal cancer. Stable disease was observed in a number of NSCLC patients.
In two phase 1b clinical trials mapatumumab in combination with chemotherapy was well tolerated by patients with advanced solid tumors. Partial response was observed in a number of patients in each of the studies. 
The results of a phase 2 clinical trial demonstrated that mapatumumab was well tolerated and capable of producing clinical responses when administered as monotherapy in patients with advanced non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, according to HGS.
Multiple myeloma.
In 2008 HGS reported initial results of a randomised phase 2 trial of mapatumumab in combination with bortezomib in advanced multiple myeloma. However, in 2010, mapatumumab failed in a midstage study. There was no difference in disease response or progression-free survival rates between patients receiving the drug for multiple myeloma and the control group.
Non-small-cell lung cancer.
"In August 2008, ... initial dosing of patients in a randomized Phase 2 trial of HGS-ETR1 (10 mg/kg or 30 mg/kg) in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin as first-line therapy in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); initial data from the study are anticipated in 2009."
Liver cancer.
"In July 2008, HGS initiated dosing in ... a randomized Phase 2 trial of HGS-ETR1 in combination with Nexavar (sorafenib) in patients with advanced hepatocellular cancer, which accounts for 80-90% of all liver cancers."

</doc>
<doc id="9700674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700674" title="Ofatumumab">
Ofatumumab

Ofatumumab (trade name Arzerra, also known as HuMax-CD20) is a fully human monoclonal antibody (for the CD20 protein) which appears to inhibit early-stage B lymphocyte activation. It is FDA approved for treating chronic lymphocytic leukemia that is refractory to fludarabine and alemtuzumab (Campath) and has also shown potential in treating Follicular non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, Diffuse large B cell lymphoma, rheumatoid arthritis and relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Ofatumumab has also received conditional approval in Europe for the treatment of refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia. This makes ofatumumab the first marketing application for an antibody produced by Genmab, as well as the first human monoclonal antibody which targets the CD20 molecule that will be available for patients with refractory CLL.
Medical uses.
Its only indication that has received regulatory approval is Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL). It first received FDA approval for this indication on the 26th of October 2009, MHRA approval on the 19th of April 2010, EMA approval on the 14th of June 2010 and Health Canada approval on the 13th of August 2012.
Adverse effects.
Adverse effects by frequency:<br>
Very common (>10% frequency):
Common (1-10% frequency):'
Uncommon (0.1-1% frequency):
Rare (<0.1% frequency):
Ofatumumab has received a black box warning regarding the potential for it to cause progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and Hepatitis B reactivation. Likewise it is also advised that doctors watch cautiously for small bowel obstruction, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, infusion reactions or an increased risk for infection. 
Contraindications.
It is contraindicated in individuals that have hypersensitivity to ofatumumab or any of its excipients.
Interactions.
No formal drug interaction studies have been conducted with ofatumumab. Although it is advised that patients are not administered live virus vaccines (e.g. the oral polio vaccine) while undergoing treatment with ofatumumab due to the compromised ability to fight the attenuated viruses seen in patients being treated with ofatumumab. 
Mechanism.
Ofatumumab is a humanised anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody whose epitope is distinct from that of rituximab. The CD20 antigen is expressed on solely B cell lymphocytes. Compared with rituximab, ofatumumab binds more tightly to CD20 with a slower off-rate. It causes cytotoxicity in the cells that express CD20 by means of complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) and antibody-dependent cytotoxicity (ADCC).
Clinical trials.
Status of clinical trials of ofatumumab conducted by Genmab and GSK, as of late 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9700688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700688" title="Francesco Goffriller">
Francesco Goffriller

__NOTOC__
Francesco Goffriller (also Francesco Gofriller) (1692–1750) was an Italian violin, viola and cello maker thought to be active between 1709 and 1739. 
The brother or possibly the son of Matteo Goffriller, he started his working life as a luthier in Venice from approximately 1709 until 1714, and moved to Udine in 1714.
Goffriller Instruments.
Cellos.
Francesco Goffriller built many cellos in his lifetime. These are several known to still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="9700713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700713" title="Pritumumab">
Pritumumab

Pritumumab is a human monoclonal antibody used in the treatment of brain cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9700751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700751" title="Legal Tender Cases">
Legal Tender Cases

The Legal Tender Cases were a series of United States Supreme Court cases in the latter part of the nineteenth century that affirmed the constitutionality of paper money. In the 1870 case of "Hepburn v. Griswold", the Court had held that legal tender in the form of paper money violated the United States Constitution. The "Legal Tender Cases" reversed "Hepburn", beginning with "Knox v. Lee" and "Parker v. Davis" in 1871, and then "Juilliard v. Greenman" in 1884. 
Legal Tender Act of 1862 and ensuing litigation.
The "Legal Tender Cases" primarily involved the constitutionality of the Legal Tender Act of 1862, , enacted during the American Civil War. This act authorized issuance of paper money, United States Notes, to finance the war without raising taxes. The paper money depreciated in terms of gold and became the subject of controversy, particularly because debts contracted earlier could be paid in this cheaper currency.
In "Hepburn", Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase held for a 4-3 majority of the Court that the Act was an unconstitutional violation of the Fifth Amendment. Ironically, Chief Justice Chase had played a role in formulating the Legal Tender Act of 1862, in his previous position as Secretary of the Treasury. On the same day that "Hepburn" was decided, President Ulysses Grant nominated two new justices to the Court, Joseph Bradley and William Strong, although Grant later denied that he had known about the decision in "Hepburn" when the nominations were made. Bradley and Strong subsequently voted to reverse the "Hepburn" decision, in "Knox v. Lee" and "Parker v. Davis", by votes of 5-4. The constitutionality of the Act was more broadly upheld thirteen years later in "Juilliard v. Greenman".
Background about constitutionality of paper money.
The federal government first issued paper money in 1861 in order to fund the Civil War. Before that, all US paper money was bank issued. For example, paper notes were issued by the First Bank of the United States, which was a private corporation chartered by the federal government. Congress had also authorized paper money (e.g. Continentals) even before the Constitution was adopted. The Continental was issued by both the individual states and the Continental Congress under the Articles of Confederation. Those Articles specifically allowed the issuance of legal tender paper money, at the time called "bills of credit."
Original intent and original meaning.
Originalists like Robert Bork have objected to enforcing the intentions of those framers who may have believed that paper money should be prohibited: "Scholarship suggests that the Framers intended to prohibit paper money. Any judge who thought today he would go back to the original intent really ought to be accompanied by a guardian rather than be sitting on a bench." According to law professor Michael Stokes Paulson, "Among the most common canards in critiques of originalism is that, under the original meaning of the Constitution, the issuance of paper money as legal tender would be unconstitutional, sending our economy into disarray."
Regarding paper money, Nathaniel Gorham explained at the Constitutional Convention that he "was for striking out" an explicit power of Congress to issue paper money, but Gorham was also against "inserting any prohibition." That is what ultimately happened at the Convention: language explicitly giving the federal government power to issue legal tender paper money was removed on a vote of 9-2, but an option allowing the issuance together with a prohibition against making it legal tender was not acted upon. Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution gives Congress power to "borrow money on the credit of the United States," and therefore Gorham envisioned that "The power to emit promissory paper, as far as it will be necessary or safe, is involved in that of borrowing." The power to emit paper money (e.g. bank notes) has been justified by invoking the Necessary and Proper Clause in combination with the other enumerated powers which include the power to borrow money. The power to "issue bills of credit" (paper money) is explicitly mentioned in the Constitution as a prohibition on the States, and could therefore be interpreted as a power so momentous that it would have to be conferred explicitly on the federal government rather than inferred from the Necessary and Proper Clause, although it is not entirely clear whether or not the framers intended such an interpretation, nor did the Supreme Court adopt such an interpretation in the Legal Tender Cases or subsequently.
James Madison's notes, from the Constitutional Convention in 1787, include a footnote where he says that the Constitution would not allow the federal government to use paper as currency or legal tender, though there is no indication whether or not the contents of his footnote were uttered aloud at the Convention. Thereafter, during the ratification debates, the Federalist Papers #44 (assumed to be authored by Madison) said that prohibiting states from emitting "bills of credit must give pleasure to every citizen, in proportion to his love of justice and his knowledge of the true springs of public prosperity." He further stated that the issuance of paper money by the states had resulted in "an accumulation of guilt, which can be expiated no otherwise than by a voluntary sacrifice of the power which has been the instrument of it."
How legal tender is issued in the U.S. today.
Paper money is a form of currency that is physically printed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, under authority of the Federal Reserve System. The Bureau of Engraving and Printing is part of the U.S. Treasury Department, whereas the Federal Reserve is not. In contrast to paper money, coins are physically produced by the U.S. Mint, within and under authority of the U.S. Treasury. The Federal Reserve System can authorize as much paper money as it sees fit, but the U.S. Treasury is restricted by law to a certain maximum amount of coinage in circulation.
The Federal Reserve System can increase the money supply by creating money to purchase U.S. Government securities on the open market. Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution explicitly contemplates U.S. Government "securities."
Those "open market operations" involve the buying and selling of U.S. government securities, including federal agency securities and also (as happened, for instance, in response to the recent economic turmoil) mortgage-backed securities. Federal agency securities have been issued by the federal government to finance deficit spending.
The Federal Reserve System can also increase the money supply by allowing banks to issue more loans, which is accomplished by reducing the reserve requirement ratio. This regulation of banks is pursuant to the Commerce Clause. Conversely, the Federal Reserve System can reduce the money supply by selling securities or by increasing the reserve requirement ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="9700760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700760" title="2000–01 DFB-Pokal">
2000–01 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal is the second-most important national title in German football. The DFB-Pokal 2000–01 was the 58th season of the competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 25 August 2000 and ended on 26 May 2001. In the final Schalke 04 defeated third tier Union Berlin 2–0 thereby claiming their third title.

</doc>
<doc id="9700787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700787" title="Dayanita Singh">
Dayanita Singh

Dayanita Singh (born 1961, New Delhi) is an Indian photographic artist. In 2013, she became the first Indian to have a solo show at London's Hayward Gallery.
Career.
Singh studied visual communications from 1980 to 1986 at the National Institute of Design in Ahmedabad, and photojournalism in 1987 and 1988 at the International Center of Photography in New York.
"Dream Villa" was produced during her Robert Gardner Fellowship in Photography given annually by the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology at Harvard University; Singh was its second recipient in 2008.
Her works have been presented in exhibitions throughout the world, most recently at the German pavilion in the Venice Biennale and the "File Museum" at the Frith Street gallery in London.
In 2009, the Fundación MAPFRE in Madrid organized a retrospective of her work, which subsequently travelled to Amsterdam, Bogota and Umea. Her pictures of “File Rooms” were first presented in the exhibition, “Illuminazione,” at the 2011 Venice Biennale.
She has collaborated with the publisher Gerhard Steidl in Goettingen, Germany to make a number of books, including the seven-volume "Sent A Letter". This was included in the 2011 Phaidon Press book "Defining Contemporary Art: 25 years in 200 Pivotal Artworks" (ISBN 9780714862095). Steidl said in a 2013 interview on Deutsche Welle television, "She is the genius of book making".
In 2008 Singh received a Prince Claus Award from the Dutch government for "artistic and intellectual quality".
In 2014, at the National Museum, New Delhi, the photo-based artist, built the Book Museum using her publications, File Room and Privacy as well as her mothers book, Nony Singh: The Archivist. And she also displayed a part of "Kitchen Museum" which are accordion-fold books with silver gelatin prints in 8 teak vitrines that she makes as letters to fellow travellers or conservationists since 2000. Seven of these were published by Steidl as "Sent a Letter".
She has published ten books: 

</doc>
<doc id="9700795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700795" title="Algimantas Kezys">
Algimantas Kezys

Algimantas Kezys (born 1928) is a photographer born in Lithuania who has lived in the United States since 1950.
Kezys was ordained as a Jesuit priest in the 1950s; he received a master's degree in philosophy from Loyola University (Chicago) in 1956. He founded the Lithuanian Library Press in Chicago, and directed the Lithuanian Youth Center in Chicago between 1974 and 1977.
One of Kezys' first major exhibitions took place in 1965 at the Art Institute of Chicago. Since then his work has been exhibited at a number of American and European museums and in magazines. His photographs are part of the permanent collections at Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and at the Art Institute of Chicago. He has published several books.
In May 2000 he participated in an exhibition held in Washington D.C., sponsored by the International Monetary Fund. Kezys operates a small gallery in Stickney, Illinois, featuring the art created by Lithuanian artists around the world, and continues to publish reviews, catalogs, and books on art, religion, and photography.

</doc>
<doc id="9700851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700851" title="Gamevil">
Gamevil

Gamevil Inc. (trademarked in capitals as GAMEVIL) ((주)게임빌) is a public company based in Seoul, Republic of Korea, and Torrance, California, which develops and publishes video games for mobile devices. As of July 2012, the company's market capitalization is around 400 million dollars. On October 4, 2013, it acquired one of its main competitors, Com2uS. 
Gamevil Inc..
While attending Seoul National University, Byung Joon Song ("James Song"), founded and was elected as the first chairman of an entrepreneur club named "Venture". James Song went on and founded Fitsnet Inc. ((주)피츠넷) on January 12 of 2000, and started its online game service as Gamevil (www.gamevil.com) in March 2000. Fitsnet serviced its first Java mobile game in January 2001 on LG Telecom. Afterwards, Fitsnet officially changed its company name to Gamevil Inc. in April 2001. James Song also founded and was elected as the first chairman of the KMGA (Korean Mobile Game Association) in August 2001. Gamevil went public in July 2009, and is currently listed in the KOSDAQ market (063080).
Gamevil has created more than 60 video games, including 10 award-winning games such as NOM and Skipping Stone. It is now one of the largest mobile game companies in the Republic of Korea, servicing its games on SK Telecom, KTF, and LG Telecom.
Gamevil USA, Inc..
Gamevil Inc. expanded to the United States of America in February 2006 by opening its office in El Segundo, California (named Gamevil USA, Inc.) and has made its games available via Amp'd Mobile, Apple App Store, AT&T Wireless, BlackBerry App World, Boost Mobile, Cellular South, Cricket Communications, Android Market, Google Play, Helio, MetroPCS, Midwest Wireless, Nintendo DSi Shop, nTelos, Sprint Nextel, T-Mobile USA, Windows Marketplace for Mobile, Verizon Wireless and Zeebo. Gamevil USA, Inc. moved its office to Torrance, California in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9700863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700863" title="Feuchtmayer">
Feuchtmayer

The Feuchtmayers (also spelled Feuchtmayr, Feichtmair, and Feichtmayr) were a German family of artists from the Baroque Wessobrunner School.
The best-known members of the family were the brothers Franz Joseph, Johann Michael (the Elder), and Michael; their sons; and one grandson:
Gallery of Works by Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Younger).
J. M. Feuchtmayer also did work with his brother Franz Xaver that is shown above.

</doc>
<doc id="9700893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700893" title="1940 in Northern Ireland">
1940 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9700894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700894" title="Flightmare">
Flightmare

Flightmare is a 1984 computer game by Peter Adams. It tells the story of the Omegans, who are at war with the Vandals. In the game, the player controls an Omegan pilot who is being ambushed by Vandal pilots, motorcyclists, and truck drivers.
The format of the game has two different modes. The first is a very large scale view in which the player navigates a plane to target the next battle. Tiny icons represent the enemy planes, motorcycles, and trucks, as well as the Omegan plane, airfield (representing the remaining planes), some factories, and a blimp used for reloading ammunition. The second mode is a split-screen view including a side view and a top down view, with different controls to maneuver the plane on each view. It is in this mode that the actual battle takes place, where the player must shoot down enemy planes without being shot down, or shoot motorcycles or truck tires without hitting the ground.
A wise player would protect his factories and airfield from the motorbikes and trucks, which destroy those structures upon contact. Once these ground vehicles are gone, a heat-seeking rocket is launched, targeting the player mercilessly. Destroying the rocket ends the wave.
At the end of each wave, the player is granted extra planes based on any remaining factories. The waves are designated by letters of the Greek alphabet. Once all the player's planes are destroyed, the game is over, and a rank is assigned corresponding to the highest wave reached: Alpha Turkey, Beta Beginer ["sic"], Gamma Greenhorne , etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9700915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700915" title="Leigh Redhead">
Leigh Redhead

Leigh Redhead, born 18 November 1971, in Adelaide, South Australia is an Australian mystery writer.
She is best known as the creator of the character Simone Kirsch, a stripper who leaves the sex industry to become a private investigator. Redhead drew upon her own experiences as a stripper in creating the character.

</doc>
<doc id="9700922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700922" title="NBA Action">
NBA Action

NBA Action is a weekly show with news and highlights of the NBA. The show first premiered in 1990 on ESPN. It currently airs on NBA TV with new episodes at 6:30 ET/5:30 CT every Thursday night during the season.
Video game.
There was a small series of video games released by Sega Sports for the Sega Genesis, Sega Game Gear and Sega Saturn with the name "NBA Action".

</doc>
<doc id="9700926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700926" title="Kitware">
Kitware

__NOTOC__
Kitware, Inc. is a technology company headquartered in Clifton Park, New York. The company specializes in the research and development of open-source software in the fields of computer vision, medical imaging, visualization, 3D data publishing and technical software development. In addition to software development, the company offers other products and services such as books, technical support, consulting and customized training courses.
Kitware is one of the fastest growing companies in the country, having been included on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing companies for the past three years:
History of Kitware.
The company was founded in 1998 by Will Schroeder, Ken Martin, Lisa Avila, Charles Law and Bill Hoffman to support the Visualization Toolkit (VTK). VTK was initially created in 1993 by Will, Ken and Bill Lorensen as companion software to “The Visualization Toolkit: An Object-Oriented Approach to 3D Graphics,” originally published by Prentice-Hall. As VTK was released open source, a user community developed around the software and the founders of Kitware took this opportunity to start the business. With time, the company expanded its focus and offerings to include development in other areas such as biomedical imaging, large data visualization, quality software process, informatics, and data management. 
The consistent growth of the company has enabled the opening of three additional offices. The Chapel Hill, North Carolina office opened in 2005, Kitware SAS, the European office, opened in 2010 in Lyon, France and the Santa Fe, New Mexico office opened in 2012.
Open Source.
Kitware actively contributes to and maintains several leading Open Source software packages, including:
Areas of Expertise.
Kitware contributes to the fields of scientific visualization, medical imaging, computer vision, data management, and informatics. The company employs an agile development process to create high-quality software. 
Recent publications highlighting the company's work include:
Medical Imaging 
Scientific Visualization
Computer Vision
Data Management

</doc>
<doc id="9700971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700971" title="Bunkpurugu-Yunyoo District">
Bunkpurugu-Yunyoo District

The Bunkpurugu-Yunyoo District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. The capital is Bunkpurugu.

</doc>
<doc id="9700973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700973" title="Central Gonja District">
Central Gonja District

The Central Gonja District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. The capital is Buipe.

</doc>
<doc id="9700977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700977" title="Gushegu District">
Gushegu District

The Gushegu District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. Gushegu district is carved out of the former Eastern Dagomba district, and is the third largest district in Northern region. The capital is Gushegu which is 105 kilometres north east of Tamale, the capital of the Northern Region.
Boundaries.
To the north are East Mamprusi District and West Mamprusi District, to the south the Yendi District. The Saboba-Chereponi District is to the east and the Savelugu-Nanton District lies to the west.
Villages.
The major and only town is the capital Gushegu, and the major villages in the district are:
Tourism.
There are weaving and smock sewing centres at Karaga and Kpatinga. Being developed are the Daka Forest Reserve with a large monkey population and the Karaga Forest Resreve. The Greenwich Meridian passes through Namangbeni.

</doc>
<doc id="9700979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700979" title="Karaga District">
Karaga District

The Karaga District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. The capital is Karaga.
Boundaries.
Karaga district's western neighbour is Savelugu-Nanton District. To the north are West Mamprusi District and the East Mamprusi District. To the south and east is the Gushiegu District from which Karaga district was carved.

</doc>
<doc id="9700982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700982" title="Nanumba North District">
Nanumba North District

The Nanumba North District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. The capital is Bimbilla.

</doc>
<doc id="9700986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700986" title="Nanumba South District">
Nanumba South District

The Nanumba South District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. The capital is Wulensi.

</doc>
<doc id="9700990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9700990" title="Sawla-Tuna-Kalba District">
Sawla-Tuna-Kalba District

The Sawla-Tuna-Kalba District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana. The capital is Sawla.

</doc>
<doc id="9701006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9701006" title="Ahl ar-Ra'y">
Ahl ar-Ra'y

Ahl ar-ra'y is an Arabic term that means 'people of opinion'. "Ahl 'ar-ra'y" (Ahl al-Dirayah) is a school of thought that formed in opposition to "ahl al-hadith" (Ahl ar-Riwayah), a school which professes the same views as the early Muslims, and is partisan to their traditions.
"Ahl 'ar-ra'y", on the contrary, has been described as a modernist or rationalist school of Islamic thought. One source claims that "ahl 'ar-ra'y" are the people who are to be consulted on matters of Islam, as they are the most learned.
The people of the "ahl al-hadith" school would most likely disagree.

</doc>
