<doc id="9850460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850460" title="Néstor Montoya">
Néstor Montoya

Néstor Montoya (April 14, 1862 - January 13, 1923) was a United States Representative from New Mexico. As an editor and politician, Néstor Montoya dedicated himself to the inclusion of Hispanics in the political and social life of New Mexico, and to the campaign for New Mexico statehood.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Old Albuquerque, New Mexico where he attended the common schools. In 1881, he graduated from St. Michael's College, Santa Fe, New Mexico. After graduation he worked as a postal clerk for the U.S. Post Office in Santa Fe, and later at the U.S. Treasury Office there. He began newspaper work in 1889 and owned and edited the Spanish paper called "La Bandera American".
Politics career.
Montoya was member of the New Mexico Territorial House of Representatives 1892-1903 and served as speaker in the latter year. He was a member of the New Mexico Territorial Senate in 1905 and 1906. He was president of the New Mexico Press Association 1908-1923. He was a delegate to the convention that drafted and adopted the state Constitution of New Mexico in 1910 and a regent of the University of New Mexico 1916-1919. He helped write provisions into the Constitution of New Mexico to protect the rights of Hispanics in the areas of education, voting, and civil liberties. Also, he was a member of the Council of National Defense 1917-1919.
Montoya was the chairman of the Bernalillo County, New Mexico draft board during the First World War and clerk of Bernalillo County in 1919 and 1920. He was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh Congress and served from March 4, 1921 until his death in Washington, D.C. in 1923. While in Congress, Montoya served on the Indian Affairs Committee, and the Committee on Public Lands. The Republican Party did not renominate him for a second term and instead they nominated a woman, Adelina Otero-Warren. He was buried in Santa Barbara Cemetery, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9850492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850492" title="The Book of All Flesh">
The Book of All Flesh

The Book of All Flesh is the first of three Zombie anthologies James Lowder edited for Eden Studios as a tie-in to their gaming system All Flesh Must Be Eaten. The book is followed by The Book of More Flesh and The Book of Final Flesh.
The book includes the story "Prometheus Unwound" by Matt Forbeck, which won the Best Short Fiction Origins Award for 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9850514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850514" title="Mark Hopkins (educator)">
Mark Hopkins (educator)

Mark Hopkins (February 4, 1802 – June 17, 1887) was an American educator and Congregationalist theologian, president of Williams College from 1836 to 1872. An epigram - widely attributed to President James A. Garfield, a student of Hopkins - defined an ideal college as "Mark Hopkins on one end of a log and a student on the other".
Life and career.
Great-nephew of the theologian Samuel Hopkins, Mark Hopkins was born in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1824 from Williams College, where he was a tutor in 1825-1827, and where in 1830, after having graduated in the previous year from the Berkshire Medical College at Pittsfield, he became professor of Moral Philosophy and Rhetoric. In 1833 he was licensed to preach in Congregational churches. He was president of Williams College from 1836 until 1872. He was one of the ablest and most successful of the old type of college president. He married Mary Hubble in 1832 and together they parented ten children.
His volume of lectures on "Evidences of Christianity" (1846) was delivered as a series of lectures at the Lowell Institute in January 1844. The book became a favorite text-book in American Christian apologetics being reprinted in many editions up until 1909. Although not trained as a lawyer Hopkins held a lifelong interest in the law and aspects of his argument in Evidences of Christianity reflects legal metaphors and language about the veracity of eyewitness testimony to the events in the life of Jesus Christ. Much of his apologetic arguments though were a restatement of views that had been previously presented by earlier apologists such as William Paley and Thomas Hartwell Horne. 
Of his other writings, the chief were "Lectures on Moral Science" (1862), "The Law of Love and Love as a Law" (1869), "An Outline Study of Man" (1873), "The Scriptural Idea of Man" (1883), and "Teachings and Counsels" (1884). Dr Hopkins took a lifelong interest in Christian missions, and from 1857 until his death was president of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (the American Congregational Mission Board). He died at Williamstown, on 17 June 1887.
Reputation.
President James Garfield had attended Williams College in the 1850s. At an 1871 dinner of Williams alumni, Garfield paid tribute to Hopkins, defining an ideal college as Hopkins and a student together in a log cabin. The epigram became more widely-known in the pithier form retold by John James Ingalls, in which a log was substituted for the log cabin. In the later judgment of university historian Frederick Rudolph, "no one can properly address himself to the question of higher education in the United States without paying homage in some way to the aphorism of the log and to Mark Hopkins".
In 1915 Hopkins was elected into the American Hall of Fame.
Family.
His son, Henry Hopkins (1837-1908), was also from 1903 till his death president of Williams College. Mark Hopkins's brother, Albert Hopkins (1807-1872), was long associated with him at Williams College, where he graduated in 1826 and was successively a tutor (1827-1829), professor of mathematics and natural philosophy (1829-1838), professor of natural philosophy and astronomy (1838-1868) and professor of astronomy (1868-1872). In 1835 he organized and conducted a natural history expedition to Joggins, Nova Scotia, said to have been the first expedition of the kind sent out from any American college, and in 1837, at his suggestion and under his direction, an astronomical observatory was built at Williams College, said to have been the first in the United States built at a college exclusively for the purposes of instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="9850531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850531" title="Lucille Carroll">
Lucille Carroll

Garnett Lucille Ryman Carroll, stage name Jane Starr (June 10, 1906 - October 23, 2002) was an American Broadway actress.
Early life.
Carroll was born to Dr. Herbert R. Ryman and Cora Belle (Norris) Ryman while her father was a medical student at Kansas State Medical College. Dr. Ryan died in France while a field surgeon during World War I when she was about twelve, and her mother Cora Belle, a schoolteacher, raised the children. 
Lucille, as she was known, graduated from Decatur High School, Decatur, IL and went on to Millikin University, where she was a member of the Delta Delta Delta sorority and acted in plays. During the following five years, she taught at Assumption High School and Roosevelt Junior High, acting in plays staged by Decatur's Town and Gown Players, a community theater company. Moving to California to study acting at the Pasadena Playhouse in 1931, she won a $1,000 scholarship. She quit her teaching job in Decatur to act in and direct plays at the playhouse, where movie actors graced the stage and directors sought new talent. 
Lucille's brother, Herbert Ryman was a prominent Disney imagineer.
Career.
Using the stage name Jane Starr, she worked with movie producer Louis O. Macloon at the 1933 Chicago World's Fair, demonstrating how motion pictures were made. Macloon, who had recently given an actor named Clark Gable some of his first parts, chose her to star in the Broadway play "It Pays to Sin". When the play received scathing reviews and closed, Carroll sought consolation by visiting backstage with Katharine Hepburn, then 26, who had also received terrible reviews while acting in a nearby theater. Instead Hepburn was characteristically blunt. "Then you're not an actress," Hepburn told Carroll. "I don't care what the critics say about me. I know what I am."
Carroll moved to San Francisco, where she and Macloon opened an experimental theater and produced several plays. She married Macloon in 1936. They divorced within a few years. During the 1930s, she traveled throughout the nation as talent scout for Universal Pictures, rising to become head of that studio's talent department in New York.
Carroll headed MGM's talent department from 1941 to 1954 and helped sign a young actress named Lana Turner, helped arrange a key screen test for Marilyn Monroe and played a role in bringing June Allyson and Janet Leigh to MGM. She was one of the few women to reach a position of executive power in the old Hollywood studio system.
At MGM she met John Carroll, a successful actor who had appeared in movies such as "Flying Tigers" with John Wayne and "Go West" with the Marx Brothers. They were married in 1947. He died in 1979. Movies made at MGM while Lucille Carroll ran its training department included "Singin' in the Rain", "Show Boat," "Gaslight" and "Meet Me in St. Louis". While she was there, MGM garnered 16 Academy Award nominations for best picture, winning Oscars for "An American in Paris" and "Mrs. Miniver". In 1942, Hepburn signed a contract with MGM to appear in a picture, "Woman of the Year", the first of many in which she appeared with Spencer Tracy. One of Carroll's roles at MGM was as an advisor to established stars such as Hepburn, Tracy, Judy Garland, Mickey Rooney and Greer Garson. She smoothed over differences that arose between the stars and the studio's business executives.
In their later years they resided in Burbank with her brother. After Herb's death she produced a collection of his great works and many Disney conceptual works, that later became reality, as the hallmark of the Disney Theme Parks.

</doc>
<doc id="9850538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850538" title="Campbell Center">
Campbell Center

The M.O. Campbell Educational Center is an indoor arena in Houston, Texas. The facility serves as the home basketball and volleyball court for the five high schools in the Aldine Independent School District (AISD). The Campbell Center is also used for graduations, theatrical performances, meetings, conferences, banquets and community events.
The arena seats 7,000 people and is located on Aldine-Bender Road just south of Beltway 8, a short distance from George Bush Intercontinental Airport and Greenspoint Mall. It is named for M.O. Campbell, who served as (AISD) superintendent from 1973 to 1986.
The Campbell Center has hosted many events in its history, including the men's and women's Southland Conference collegiate basketball tournament, the Houston vs. the Nation high school basketball tournament (formerly the Academy National Invitational), the Texas Class 4A and 5A Region III high school basketball playoffs, the Class 5A high school Region III volleyball playoffs, and the University Interscholastic League state powerlifting tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9850546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850546" title="Björn Otto">
Björn Otto

Björn Otto (born 16 October 1977) is a German pole vaulter.
On 30 January 2013 in Cottbus, Germany, with the mark of 5.90 m, he set the masters world record M35.
Biography.
His personal best is a jump of 6.01 metres, achieved on 5 September, 2012 in Aachen. He cleared 5.92 metres indoors in February 2012 in Potsdam, and equaled it also at the German national indoor championships in Karlsruhe later that month. Arguably his biggest success was a second place at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. In the same year, he also won a silver medal at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Istanbul, Turkey, in March 2012 and a silver medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki, Finland in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9850550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850550" title="Mariveleño language">
Mariveleño language

Mariveleño, also known as Bataan Ayta and Magbukun Ayta, is a Sambalic language. It has around 500 speakers (Wurm 2000) and is spoken within an Aeta community in Mariveles in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="9850551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850551" title="Edwy Searles Brooks">
Edwy Searles Brooks

Edwy Searles Brooks (11 November 1889 - 2 December 1965) was a British novelist who also wrote under the pen-names Berkeley Gray, Victor Gunn, Rex Madison, and Carlton Ross. Brooks was born in Hackney, London. He is believed to have written around 40 million words.
Life and work.
Brooks published his first short story, "Mr Dorien's Missing £2000", in July 1907, when he was seventeen. His first major breakthrough came in 1910, when the paper "The Gem" gave him an assignment to publish a serial named "The Iron Island", the main character being Frank Kingston.
In 1912, he wrote his first Sexton Blake stories and in 1915, started writing stories for the Nelson Lee Library, becoming the lead writer of the detective series after which the publication was named. In 1917 he started the St. Frank's series in that paper, the stories for which he is best remembered. Additional serial assignments followed, including those featuring Clive Derring and Sexton Blake. In 1918, he launched the character of Rupert Waldo, an early superhero.
In 1918, he married Frances Goldstein, who became his assistant and collaborator through the years. The two took great pride in delivering clean manuscripts for publication throughout their careers. They became a cornerstone of the Amalgamated Press imprints.
The magazines that had published his stories started running into financial trouble in the 1930s, and Brooks started publishing hardcover novels for the adult market in 1938 with the first novel in the Norman Conquest series under the pseudonym of Berkeley Gray. He also published stories and novels as Victor Gunn featuring Ironsides Cromwell. He may have also continued publishing stories through D C Thomson & Co. Ltd, a Dundee-based rival of Amalgamated that was less affected by paper shortage.
His serialized novels included the "Norman Conquest" and "Ironsides Cromwell" stories. "Dare-Devil Conquest" formed the basis for the 1954 movie "Park Plaza 605" starring Tom Conway.

</doc>
<doc id="9850565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850565" title="Pacer's Auto">
Pacer's Auto

Pacers Auto was a popular, record-setting drag racing team in the early 1950s and 1960s.
Based in Oceanside, New York on Long Island, The Pacers' "Snizek & Dodge Racing Team" made up of co-owners,George Snizek, as driver, and Charlie Dodge (1931–2002) as tuner, were favored by fans and feared by competitors. They always delighted fans with their quarter mile tire-smoking performances from their stout Tasmanian Devil, a Chrysler Hemi-powered 23T Altered Roadster, which set numerous track, class and speed records across the AA/A, CC/FD, AA/FA & A/FD classes.
Pacers Auto, Inc. was a founding member of the CARS Magazine Racing Team campaigning the Tasmanian Devil both on gas and fuel, as well as, The Pacers Auto "CARS Magazine Special" Top Fuel dragster. They also served as Official Road Test Consultants for Hi-Performance CARS magazine and Speed & Custom magazine and could be seen in many articles in both. They were the east coast distributors of Nitromethane and Methanol (aka Nitro-Alky) racing fuel.
Reference articles.
<br>
HOT ROD Magazine, August 1991, Rear Cover.<br>
Rod Action Magazine, September 1975, "The East Remembered", Page 9.<br>
CARS Magazine, July 1966, "Build A C/Stock Record Breaker", Cover, Page 18-22,75.<br>
CARS Magazine, July 1966, "CARS Fueler goes 7.65", Cover, Page 3.<br>
CARS Magazine, June 1966, "CARS Builds a Fueler- Part III Body Construction", Pages 36–40.<br>
CARS Magazine, June 1965, "Setting up a CM/SP Sting Ray".<br> 
Rodder and Super Stock Magazine, March 1965, "Bella Rita I". Cover, Pages 29–32.<br>
Rodder & Super Stock Magazine, March 1965, "Comet Cyclone".<br>
HOT ROD MAGAZINE, July 1965, "TAZMANIAN DEVIL", Pages 48–49.<br>
Drag Racing Magazine, January 1965, "Five Big Days", Pages 21,65.<br> 
CARS Magazine, October 1964,"CARS Goes Dragging", Cover, Pages 30–33.<br>
HOT ROD Magazine, November 1964, "National Record Chart", Page.79. & Page.80.<br>
HOT ROD Magazine, December 1964, "FAST'N'FANCY" by Dick Wells.<br>
Science & Mechanics Magazine, May 1964,"Ten Hottest Hot Rods", Cover, Pages 44–45.<br> 
HOT ROD Magazine, November 1963, "Best Appearing Crew Award, Pacers Auto Car Club", Pages 30–31.<br>
Rodders Manual, July 1962 Cover.<br> 
Diggers, Funnies, Gassers & Altereds: Drag Racing's Golden Era by Bob McClurg. "Tasmanian Devil AA/A" Chapter Three, Page 52.

</doc>
<doc id="9850572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850572" title="Rod McGregor">
Rod McGregor

Rod McGregor (19 October 1882 – 2 August 1962) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.
He was a wonderful centreman for the Carlton Football Club with the ability to find targets and elude opponents. He played in the 1906 and 1908 winning grand final sides and missed the 1907 premiership triumph over South Melbourne after breaking his nose in the previous week's semi final against St Kilda.
Working on-air with Melbourne radio station 3AR at least as early as 1927, McGregor was a pioneer of football radio broadcasts.
In 1996 McGregor was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
Player honors: 

</doc>
<doc id="9850578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850578" title="Kempsville, Virginia">
Kempsville, Virginia

Kempsville was formerly an unincorporated community which was located in Princess Anne County, Virginia. In modern times, it is a community within the urbanized portion the independent city of Virginia Beach, the largest city in Virginia.
History.
The town was originally named Kemp's Landing and was a colonial port at the head of the eastern branch of the Elizabeth River. On November 14, 15, or 16th, 1775, it was the location where John Ackiss was killed by Royal Governor Lord Dunmore's militia during an incident later called the "Skirmish of Kempsville". Ackiss became the first Virginian casualty of the American Revolutionary War. The Daughters of the American Revolution later erected a plaque near the site.
The town of Kempsville, established in 1781, was the location of the county seat of Princess Anne County from 1778-1823. After that date, it was moved to the current location at Princess Anne, Virginia.
Emmanuel Episcopal Church, was founded in 1843 to serve families living in Kempsville (then known as Kemp's Landing). In time, the town lost its economic importance and Emmanuel became a rural parish until 1963, when it grew along with the community as a part of the "new" city of Virginia Beach (when Virginia Beach and Princess Anne County merged).
Portions of the church's outer walls are original. The cemetery behind the church contains the graves of four veterans of the Confederate States' Army during the American Civil War in the early 1860s, as well as the more recent grave of Allen Gettel, a local boy who grew up to be a major league pitcher for the New York Yankees, the Cleveland Indians, and the Chicago White Sox over a 10 year career (1945–55). [http://www.navicache.com/cgi-bin/db/displaycache2.pl?CacheID=7660]
After the county consolidated by mutual agreement with the small resort city of Virginia Beach in 1963, and assumed the latter's name, explosive growth during the 1960s and 1970s transformed Kempsville into a sprawling suburban community of the largest independent city in Virginia.
Present day.
Kempsville is one of seven residence districts in the City of Virginia Beach, and is thereby associated with one seat on City Council.
Schools.
The community of Kempsville operates under the Virginia Beach City Public School System. These schools include Kempsville High School, Kempsville Middle School, Arrowhead Elementary, Centerville Elementary, Fairfield Elementary, Kempsville Elementary, Kempsville Meadows Elementary, Point of View Elementary, Providence Elementary and Woodstock Elementary.
Kempsville High School is located on Kempsville Road and Chief Trail, behind the Rock Church. Kempsville Middle School is located off of Providence Road and Churchill Drive and serves students in grade 6-8. Kempsville is home to 8 elementary Schools: Arrowhead Elementary, Centerville Elementary, Fairfield Elementary, Kempsville Elementary, Kempsville Meadows Elementary, Point of View Elementary, Providence Elementary and Woodstock Elementary.
Public Safety.
The 4th Precinct is based in Kempsville giving the community police protection by the Virginia Beach Police Department. Fire protection is provided by the Virginia Beach Fire Department through Fire Station 9 and Fire Station 10 in the VBFD system. The Kempsville Volunteer Rescue Squad provides ambulance transportation and EMS services as part of the Virginia Beach Department of EMS.
Retail.
The two major shopping centers in the Kempsville community are located directly across the street from each other on the Southwest and Northwest Corners of the Kempsville Road and Providence Road intersection. They are Providence Square and Fairfield Shopping Centers, respectively. These areas are home to several restaurants including Five Guys Burgers and Fries, Moe's Southwest Grill, AJ Gator's Sports Bar, Frankies Place For Ribs, Papa Johns, McDonalds, Wendys, YNot Pizza, and Subway. They also house the grocery stores Kroger and Food Lion as well as some businesses such as banks, dental offices, Madison Jewelers, and Kitchen King Cabinets. About .1 mi north from the Kempsville Road and Providence Road intersection is the 4th VBPD Police Precinct Station, which is located next to the Kempsville Public Library. Also, across Kempsville Road is the Kempsville Presbyterian Church.
Neighborhoods.
Some notable Kempsville neighborhoods include Caroline Farms, Bellamy Manor, Fairfield and Point of View. The neighborhood of Point of View is situated on the banks of Kemps Lake that formed from the Construction of Interstate 264/Virginia Beach Express Way. Kemps Lake provides an ideal environment for watersports with its deepest point of 19 ft.
Road Construction Project.
A major road construction project is underway involving Princess Anne, Kempsville Rd, and Witchduck Rd. The Witchduck Road portion and this intersection is one of the busiest corridors in Virginia Beach. The first phase of this $115 million project (Virginia Beach Capital Improvement Project 2.931.000: Witchduck Road - Phase I (First Cities Project))was completed in late 2011. The city has acquired all of the property and buildings involved including residential homes, offices, and the well-known Kempsville Pony baseball fields. Construction at the intersection is well underway (Virginia Beach Capital Improvement Project 2.048.000: Princess Anne Rd./Kempsville Rd. Inter. Impr. (First Cities)).
Kempsville Rd./Witchduck Rd. has been widened to 3 lanes in each direction (north and south) and construction is currently in progress on the intersection of Princess Anne Rd, Kempsville Road and Witchduck Rd. The widened road extends from the Interstate 264 overpass on Witchduck Rd. south bound to the Kempsville Rd/Princess Ann Intersection at the heart of the Kempsville Community.
After this road project is completed, a Historic Kempsville Retail District is anticipated to be built in the area surrounding this intersection featuring colonial architecture with retail shopping. The plans for this retail district were envisioned before the recent economic downturn, so much of the proposed new development in the area may take much longer to come to fruition than originally conceived.
Opposition has arisen regarding the type of construction that will be allowed. One proposal is attempting to gain rezoning to build a high density rental apartment complex, with a contemporary design, on the southwestern corner area of the new intersection. Opponents to this proposal contend that the initial plans did include some residential use, but not high density residential construction, which would not be in line with the proposed Colonial ambiance of the envisioned district.
On the southeastern corner of what will be the new intersection, construction of a public park is complete with a small lake, strolling walkways and a beautiful, large Gazebo (costing $212,000) resembling the one at James and Dolley Madison's Montpelier estate located in Orange, Virginia. Though construction of the park is complete, there is currently very limited public access to the property as construction is in progress nearly encircling the entirety of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="9850579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850579" title="Summertime Guy">
Summertime Guy

"Summertime Guy" is a song recorded by Eddie Rambeau, issued by Swan Records, and written and composed by game show pioneer Chuck Barris.Originally, Rambeau was to debut the song on "American Bandstand" in 1962, but mere minutes before Rambeau was to perform, he was told the song could not be sung, due to Barris then being an ABC employee, owing to concerns of payola, which had become a major music industry scandal at the time. That was also the reason for the record not receiving airplay on any ABC-owned radio station, weighing the song down so it was not a hit.[http://zrosemarie.50webs.com/Ed_web/discs.html
Later, Barris contacted composer Milton DeLugg to arrange an instrumental version of the song, which eventually wound up on the game show "The Newlywed Game" and would become its signature theme song (the main melody of the theme is preceded by Felix Mendelssohn's "Wedding March").

</doc>
<doc id="9850593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850593" title="Millennium Library (Winnipeg)">
Millennium Library (Winnipeg)

The Millennium Library is the main branch of the Winnipeg Public Library located in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It was known as the Centennial Library from 1977 until 2005. The library is located at 251 Donald St, and serves approximately 5,000 visitors each day.
The four storey, library boasts a Local History Room, public art, information displays, a grand staircase, as well as access to the Winnipeg Walkway system. The Human Bean Coffee & Tea and the Best of Friends Gift Shop are also situated within the building.
History.
The library was opened in 1977 as the Centennial Library. The library opened to the public on 16 March 1977, and the official opening took place on 4 May 1977. 
Started in 2003 and completed in 2005, the $21 million redevelopment of Winnipeg's main library branch involved the addition of of new space, construction of a new fourth floor and renovations throughout the existing library. The library now features a new Reading Terrace with a four storey high solar glass wall, positioned alongside a new grand staircase, along with two new glass elevators, and a passive solar wall on the southeast face of the building. The Millennium Library opened on November 8, 2005 after $18 million of renovations were constructed over a two-year period. The work was completed a year late and $4 million over budget.
In 2013, Toronto-Dominion Bank presented a $150,000 gift to be used towards renovations of Millennium Library’s "TD New and Noted" area. The renovations will include open-concept space, as well as direct access to Millennium Library Park.
First Floor.
Memberships, Checkin, Returns, Holds, Checkout, Self-Checkout, Children's Services, Teen Central, Aboriginal Reading-in-the-Round, Includes New & Noted, Adult Fiction, New Fiction and Non-Fiction, Express Bestsellers, Paperbacks, Magazines, Express Computers, Winnipeg Transit Kiosk, Security desk.
Second Floor.
DVDs, CDs, Talking Books, Books on CD & Cassette, Large Print, Biographies, Scores, Services for People with Special Needs, Carol Shields Auditorium, Buchwald Room, Anhang Room, Meeting Room 1, Meeting Room 2, Tutorial Room A, Tutorial Room B.
Third Floor.
Millennium Library Local History Room (Resources on Winnipeg and Manitoba history, Henderson Directories), Computer Training Lab, Newspapers, Reference Magazines, Microfilm, Vertical Files, Stack Reference, Copiers.
Fourth Floor.
Non-fiction (000-999), Reference Collection, Government Documents, Computers, Meeting Room 3.
Millennium Library Park.
Finished 2012, the park alongside the Millennium Library underwent a $4.3-million reconstruction. The rebuilt plaza has an artificial wetland aerated by a pair of windmills, a wooden walkway built out of sustainably farmed wood, birch trees planted in deep pots, two new pieces of public art, and low fences and a raised floor.
The park now features five distinct outdoor zones:
When the Millennium Library reopened, there was no money left in the budget to rebuild the park.
Work on the park could not commence until a membrane was built over the parkade below it. Rebuilding the plaza itself was funded equally by all three levels of government. The Winnipeg Arts Council arranged financing for the two pieces of public art: Sentinel Of Truth and emptyful.
Reconstruction Costs:
The redevelopment plan was spearheaded by the Winnipeg Library Foundation.
Public Art.
The following public art installations are viewable in and around the Millennium Library.
"emptyful", the erlenmeyer flask-shaped fountain, is the most expensive piece of public art in Winnipeg history. It is illuminated by four bands of LED lights at night and uses both water and fog. During the summer, when the fog and water elements will be operational, the fountain is illuminated in blue, green and purples hues. During the winter, when the water elements are not operational, the artwork is lit up with reds, oranges and yellows.

</doc>
<doc id="9850594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850594" title="Plymouth-Canton Marching Band">
Plymouth-Canton Marching Band

The Plymouth-Canton Marching Band (PCMB) is a nationally recognized marching band program located on the campus of the Plymouth-Canton Educational Park in Canton, Michigan.
Music program.
The PCMB is part of a broader fine arts program offered in the Plymouth-Canton Community Schools. Its Wind Ensemble and Symphony bands have consistently rated among the best in the state of Michigan. PCEP band students and alumni have performed with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, the Detroit Civic Youth Orchestra, the Michigan Youth Band, the National Honor Band of America, and the MSBOA All State Honor Band and Orchestra. The concert program is taught by directors David Armbruster and Jon Thomann.
Winter programs.
The PCMB also runs three very successful winter programs through the Michigan Color Guard Circuit and Winter Guard International. Both Winter Guards (A & World) have been State Champions and the Open guard is a two time WGI Open Class Finalist. The Winter Drumline is also a state champion and a WGI World line, the line placed 6th at WGI In 2013. On May 29, 2007, Winter Guard International announced that Plymouth-Canton's Open Guard would be promoted to the "World" Class.
Staff.
Previous staff have included Marc Whitlock (2003–2007), current music director for Discovery Middle School; Andy Ebert (2004–2007), current Visual Caption Head at Carolina Crown and West Bloomfield High School; Martin Montoya (2005–2008), current assistant director at Brazoswood High School in Clute, Texas; Clayton Wachholz (2001–2003), current music director for the International School in Brussels; David McGrath (1995–2001), current Director of Bands at Kennesaw Mountain High School in Kennesaw, Georgia; Jonathan Ovalle (1995–2006), current Assistant Professor of Percussion at the University of Michigan; Steven McGuire (1998–2002) current assistant director at Mariner High School in Cape Coral, FL; Jed Leach (2007–2008), Current Percussion director for Georgetown High School in Georgetown, TX,; Rob Myers (1998–2000), current Director of Instrumental Music for Dallas ISD. Michael Brady Tarr (1993–2002), visual instructor/ clinician for various drum corps and marching bands. Alan Spaeth (1993 and 1997–2003) Color Guard and show design; Mitch Rogers (1992–2003), drill designer for the Stephen F. Austin Marching Band, Carlton J. Kell High School, Glen Adsit (1989–1994), current Director of Bands at The Hartt School in Hartford, Connecticut; Don Booher, Chris (Gale) Booher, Patrick Ruddy, Tom Fikes, Chad Jacobs, Jonathan Miller, Casey Swanson, George Hester, David Kline, Benjamin Clark, Mark Hart, John Shaw, Dan Arreola Ian Horste, and Sheldon Frazier (currently associate director at McEachern High School in Powder Springs, GA). Some current staff include Sean McElroy, Scott Beck, Emery Craig, Kevin J., Dick Eathorne, and Ross Blackley 
Legendary drill writer Steve Brubaker wrote the drill for Plymouth's first national championship which also featured uniforms designed by Steve Cesario.
James Griffith served as Plymouth's Director of Bands until his retirement in 1994. Griffith is widely respected as one of the preeminent music educators in the state of Michigan.
Uniform.
Shako: Gray Cadet style shako and plume with three silver buttons on left side (Also worn as black or white depending on show theme). Black brim with decorative silver chain on the front.
Jacket: Gray jacket with darkening shades continuing down the front to a much darker gray. Three silver buttons are located on the upper right corner of the jacket. (Also worn as black or white depending on the show theme.) PCMB logo is stitched into the lower right hand corner. Gauntlets are white. Up until 1998, the cadet style shako and plume was black instead of the current gray and buttons of the left side were light gold rather than silver (always worn as black, no matter what the show theme.) Gauntlets were still white and all other present rules and regulations were in place.The PCMB logo was first stitched into the lower right hand corner of the jacket in 1976 in honor of the United States' Bicentennial Celebration.
Pantaloons: Black breeches with darkening shades that continue down the sides to a much shinier black anklet. One pocket is located on each pant, facing outward. From 2009-2011, right pocket featured an additional, smaller, mobile telephone-sized pocket within itself. Rules forbid members from carrying any telecommunications device on their personnel during performances, however, the inclusion of this controversial pocket had gained widespread use as a holder of loose change. In its two-year stay on the PCMB uniform, the miniature pocket was the source of unwarranted distraction as many a frustrated marchers spent several agonizing seconds trying to procure a loose dime from its narrow depths (also rumored to be black). As such, this third pocket was removed prior to the 2012 marching band season to very little media attention.
Awards and honors.
Since the mid-1970s, the Plymouth Canton Marching Band has become one of the most consistent high school marching bands in Southeast Michigan. Within the state of Michigan, the PCMB has been a state champion 23 times, an honor shared with no other groups in Michigan, (both Fine Arts and Athletics), and only with one other group in the country: the Marian Catholic High School Marching Band. Upon entering the Bands of America in 1986, Plymouth-Canton has been a National Finalist (Top 12) all but three years since 1988. This has honor has been exceeded only by the Marian Catholic High School Band. The band has also been to the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl Tournament of Bands in 1992 & 1996, winning the prestigious competition both years.
Outside of the competition, the band has had the distinction of playing for Presidents Ronald Reagan, in 1986, and George H. W. Bush, in 1992, marching in Orlando, FL, the 1974 King Orange (Bowl) Parade, the 1973 Rose Bowl Parade, the 1973 Battle of the Bands shown nationally immediately prior to the Rose Bowl Parade, the Hudson's Christmas parade Santa's band as well as representing the community in various parades throughout the summer. In 2011, the band marched in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9850605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850605" title="Seville Statement on Violence">
Seville Statement on Violence

The Seville Statement on Violence is a statement on violence that was adopted by an international meeting of scientists, convened by the Spanish National Commission for UNESCO, in Seville, Spain, on 16 May 1986. It was subsequently adopted by UNESCO at the twenty-fifth session of the General Conference on 16 November 1989. The statement, then known as a 'Statement on Violence', was designed to refute "the notion that organized human violence is biologically determined".
Core Ideas.
The statement contains five core ideas. These ideas are:
The statement concludes: "Just as 'wars begin in the minds of men', peace also begins in our minds. The same species who invented war is capable of inventing peace. The responsibility lies with each of us."
Founding scientists.
The following is a list of the scientists who founded the statement:
Criticism.
Steven Pinker has criticized the Seville Statement as being an example of the moralistic fallacy. Some scientists believe both evolutionary psychology and neuropsychology suggest that human violence does indeed have biological roots.
Steven Pinker has used the Seville Statement as an example of the idea of biological determinism, the incorrect idea that genes are solely responsible for "any" of our behaviors. A 2008 article in "Nature" by Dan Jones stated that "The decades since have not been kind to these cherished beliefs. A growing number of psychologists, neuroscientists and anthropologists have accumulated evidence that understanding many aspects of antisocial behaviour, including violence and murder, requires the study of brains, genes and evolution, as well as the societies those factors have wrought." Evolutionary psychologists generally argue that violence is not done for its own sake but is a by-product of goals such as higher status or reproductive success. Some evolutionary psychologists argue that humans have specific mechanisms for specific forms of violence such as against stepchildren (the Cinderella effect). Chimpanzees have violence between groups which have similarities to raids and violence between groups in non-state societies. Several studies have found that the death rates from inter-group violence are similar for non-state societies and chimpanzees. On the other hand, intra-group violence is lower in humans living in small group societies than in chimpanzees. Human may have a strong tendency to differ between ingroup and outgroup which affects altruistic and aggressive behavior. There is also evidence that both intra-group and inter-group violence were much more prevalent in the recent past and in tribal societies which suggests that tendencies to use violence in order to achieve goals are affected by society. Reduced inequalities, more available resources, and reduced blood feuds due to better functioning justice systems may have contributed to declining intra-group violence.
References.
3. Adams, David (2005) [http://www.culture-of-peace.info/ssov-intro.html] Introduction to the Seville Statement on Violence

</doc>
<doc id="9850627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850627" title="Sound Effects Choir">
Sound Effects Choir

The Hollywood Film Chorale Sound Effects Choir, also popularly known as the Honda Choir, is an ensemble that can physically produce human sound effects without electronic means. They are well known for two performances in a Honda commercial and at the Academy Awards. It is conducted by Steve Sidwell, who is also the composer of their repertoire.
Effects.
Sound effects are produced primarily by means of using the mouth; the arms, fingers, and hands are also sometimes used. For example, the performers would tap their fingernails against their teeth to simulate rain falling on a car's windshield. To simulate wind, one would quickly blow air. To imitate the sound of tires squealing, a soprano would make a high-pitched screeching sound.
Performances.
The ensemble was featured in a television advertisement for a Honda Civic in 2006 called "Choir", which gained immense popularity. The advertisement was made by the company "Wieden and Kennedy", and shown mainly at countries in Europe such as the United Kingdom. This performance consisted of sixty vocalists and was filmed in a car park in late November 2005.
In February 2007, the Choir also appeared as performers in the 79th Academy Awards, producing sound effects to a collection of different film clips in a piece called "Elements and Motion". A video of these movie clips was shown behind the forty-person choir as they performed in Kodak Theater. Although much praise was given to this particular performance, it has received some criticism of not reaching the high expectations set in any Academy Award festival.
Awards.
The Honda Civic television commercial that the Sound Effects choir was featured in won the Gold Lion award in the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival, generally regarded as the most prestigious international advertising festival. The advertisement was a contender for the Grand Prix during this event.

</doc>
<doc id="9850631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850631" title="Aleksandr Sergeyev (athlete)">
Aleksandr Sergeyev (athlete)

Aleksandr Sergeyev (; born 29 July 1983 in Tver Oblast) is a Russian triple jumper. His personal best jump is 17.11 metres, first achieved in July 2004 in Cheboksary. He has a better indoor result with 17.23 metres from February 2004 in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="9850653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850653" title="Thomas Oliver (husband of Bridget Bishop)">
Thomas Oliver (husband of Bridget Bishop)

Thomas Oliver (c. 1601 England—June 1679 Salem, Essex Co, MA) was the second husband of Bridget Bishop, who on 10 June 1692 became the first victim of the Salem witch trials. 
Oliver is a major link in the old and well-known theory that his widow, Bridget Bishop, was executed on trumped up charges because her in-laws were jealous of what she had inherited from him. Upham's "History of the Salem Witchcraft Trials" makes clear that her marriage to Thomas Oliver is a determining factor in the witchcraft prosecution of Bridget Oliver Bishop.
First marriage: Mary Leman.
Oliver married Mary Leman 29 Jan 1626 in Norwich Norfolk England. They originally immigrated to Boston, with 2 children and 2 servants, on the "Mary Anne" in 1637. At that time Thomas Oliver's profession was calender. They moved to Salem where he accumulated property which he left there when they returned to England.
Mary's constant and unpleasant public comments (especially her support of Roger Williams) caused her to be punished as early as 1638. Thomas Oliver's inability or perhaps unwillingness to control her caused them to be exiled from the Colony and return to England c. 1649. 
They had at least 3 sons, and according to Upham at least 3 daughters. One daughter married a constable who may have caused Bridget Oliver Bishop to be brought up on charges of witchcraft.
Second marriage: Bridget (Playfer) Wasselbe.
Oliver married Bridget (Playfer) Wasselbe, widow of Capt. Samuel Wasselbe, 26 July 1666; they had a daughter Christian in 1667 
After his death she was brought up on charges of witching him to death, (this was not the first time she was accused of witchcraft, but it was perhaps the first time she was put on trial). This time she was acquitted. However this seems to have set her up for the second charge in 1692 as the result of which she was hanged.
Estate.
When he left the colony for England he had a considerable amount of real property to which he returned after his first wife Mary's death.
His estate included a house and sometime tavern in Salem, Massachusetts near the meeting house where after his death his widow Bridget Oliver Bishop was known for staying up late into the night entertaining her guests with playing shovelboard. During the scholarly reexaminations of the Salem witch trials during the 19th century, Bridget Bishop's claims on this estate were posited as the real reason for her being accused of witchcraft. In one of his books Upham makes clear that one of the police officials was married to one of her in-laws who had expressed jealousy of Bridget Oliver Bishop's having property near the meeting house at Salem.
Family Connections.
One of his daughters married a constable.
The wife of one of the judges had a grandmother whose surname was Oliver 

</doc>
<doc id="9850686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850686" title="Aaron Rouse">
Aaron Rouse

Aaron Roosevelt Rouse (born on January 8, 1984) is an American football safety for the Virginia Destroyers of the United Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football for the Virginia Tech Hokies.
Rouse has also played for the New York Giants, Arizona Cardinals and Omaha Nighthawks.
Early years.
Rouse attended First Colonial High School in Virginia where he excelled at many positions, including outside linebacker and wide receiver. He was named first-team Group AAA by The Associated Press and second-team by the state coaches as a linebacker. In his senior year, he was named Defensive Player of the Year in the Virginia Beach District, yet lost the state award to Kai Parham, who also played in the Beach District. He also lettered in basketball.
College career.
Rouse redshirted his freshman year. At the backup 'Field' outside linebacker position, he finished the season with 46 total tackles (19 solo tackles) with three tackles for losses, one forced fumble and two pass deflections. He was selected to the Freshman All-American team by Rivals.com while appearing in 13 games and starting only one.
During his sophomore season, Rouse remained at his backup position at outside linebacker. He finished the season with 37 total tackles (16 solo tackles) with 2.5 tackles for losses and one forced fumble. At the end of the season, Rouse switched from weak outside linebacker to the defensive backfield at safety.
Rouse had an outstanding junior season in 2005 opening at the 'Rover' safety position, collecting 77 total tackles and five interceptions, which prompted him to be named a First-Team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection and one of the top safeties in the country. He was the leader of the Virginia Tech defense and elected to stay in college for his senior season. He had a reputation of hard hits, sometimes resulting in penalties.
During the 2006 season, his senior season, Rouse did not live up to the standard of performance he'd set for himself the previous season; Rouse had an extremely poor performance in the game against Georgia Tech which landed him on the bench before the end of the game. He had another disappointing performance the next week against Boston College which lead to him to split time at the safety position with fellow senior safety, Carey Wade, for a three-week stretch four games before the end of the season. He returned to the starting spot for the final four games of the season, having started ten total games for the season. Rouse finished his senior season with 57 total tackles, one forced fumble, two pass deflections and two interceptions.
Rouse finished his college career at Virginia Tech with 217 total tackles (93 solo tackles), 12 tackles for losses, four forced fumbles with one recovery, nine passes defensed and five interceptions. Rouse made 24 starts in 52 career games at Virginia Tech.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Rouse entered the 2007 NFL Draft as one of the top prospects at safety with his unmatched combination of size, strength and speed. At 6'4, 223 pounds, he ran 4.59 40-yard dash at the NFL Combine. While his physical attributes impressed scouts, his lackluster senior season drastically reduced his draft stock; Rouse was projected by many as a late first-round to second-round draft pick.
Rouse was drafted in the third round (89th overall) of the 2007 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers. On June 8, he signed a 4-year, $2.3 million contract with the Packers.
Green Bay Packers.
After an injury to starting safety Nick Collins, Rouse made his first NFL start on November 11, during a 34-0 victory over the Minnesota Vikings. On November 18, Rouse recorded his first interception, when he picked off a Vinny Testaverde pass on Carolina Panthers' opening possession in a 31-17 victory over the Panthers. The following week, in a 37-26 win over the Detroit Lions, Rouse recorded his second career interception in just his second career start. He was nominated for the week 12 Diet Pepsi Rookie of the Week award for his performance against the Detroit Lions where he made a key game-changing interception against fellow rookie Calvin Johnson. He finished his rookie campaign with 25 total tackles (22 solo tackles, two assists), four pass deflections and two interceptions while playing in 11 total games, starting in three of them.
Rouse entered the 2008 season as the backup strong safety behind starter Atari Bigby but an injury to Bigby during the Week 2 matchup at Detroit promoted Rouse to starting strong safety for the Packers third game of the season against the Dallas Cowboys and the fourth against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. After sustaining a knee injury in the 4th quarter against Tampa Bay, Rouse was inactive for the Packers next contest against the Atlanta Falcons. With Bigby also still out with an injury, Rouse was reinserted into the starting line up for the next two games against the Seattle Seahawks and the Indianapolis Colts. Against the Colts, Rouse had seven tackles, two pass defenses, and an interception which he returned 99 yards for a touchdown, tying the longest interception return in Packers history. He was named NFL Defensive player of the week for that performance. After Atari Bigby returned from injury, Rouse returned to his backup role for the next couple of games until he was injured after his interception in the Monday Night Football game at New Orleans. Rouse was inactive for the next contest vs Carolina. 
Rouse again entered the season as a backup but started in Week 2 against the Cincinnati Bengals in place of the injured Atari Bigby. He recorded 9 tackles, 2 assisted, in the game. However, he was released from the team on the following Wednesday, September 23, 2009 and replaced by Matt Giordano.
New York Giants.
Rouse was claimed off waivers by the New York Giants on September 24, 2009 after Kenny Phillips was placed on injured reserve.
He was released on March 6, 2010.
Arizona Cardinals.
Rouse signed with the Arizona Cardinals on August 3, 2010. He was waived on August 18.
Omaha Nighthawks.
After being released by the Cardinals, Rouse signed with the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League for the 2010 season.
Virginia Destroyers.
Rouse continued with the UFL for the 2011 season, joining the Virginia Destroyers for the 2011 season. A highlight of Rouse's time with the Destroyers was the 2011 UFL Championship Game, in which Rouse recorded three interceptions en route to a 17-3 win; Rouse was designated the game MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="9850693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850693" title="Casper (handheld video game)">
Casper (handheld video game)

Casper, is a Game Boy video game, created by Bonzai Entertainment and released by Natsume, that loosely follows the plot line of the 1995 film.
Gameplay.
Each of the levels consist of four main mini games, which the player can do in any order, and two final mini games that only appear at the end of the game. However, three of the main mini games are the same every level, with their only difference being a slightly increased difficulty level. The main goal of these games are to make it to the end with as much ooze as possible (ooze being much like points).

</doc>
<doc id="9850715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850715" title="Seguros Universal">
Seguros Universal

Seguros Universal is an all lines insurance company founded in 1964. It is licensed to operate in the Dominican Republic. Currently the leader in most lines of insurance in the country. At the moment, the company holds around 32% of the insurance market in that country.
Seguros Universal was founded by a group of insurance professionals headed by Rafael A. De León. In 1983 the company was purchased by Grupo Popular, the largest financial entity in the country, and Mr. Alejandro E. Grullón was named president of the company. In 2005, Grupo Popular decided to concentrate its operation in its banking business and sold the company to a group of very well known Dominican businessman headed by Mr. Ernesto Izquierdo, current president of the company.
History.
La Universal Compañía General de Seguros was founded in 1964, by Don Rafael De León.
This company characterizes from its origins by its high morality and fulfillment, arriving to be placed in the market like one of the first insuring companies.
In the 1983, the Universal was acquired by Grupo Popular, and was relaunched by its president, Don Alejandro E. Grullon E.
From then, and under the position of a guardian of Grupo Popular, the Universal continued the footpath of a constant and sharp fortification, and it is in 2001 when one of the fusions of greater impact in the sector of insurances takes place. This fusion was carried out between two enterprise companies with one long trajectory of prestige, successes and financial strength; both with a deep knowledge of the responsibilities towards its insured, and at the same time, with an ample and exact dominion of the ethics and the morality. The union of America Insurances, presided over by the Dr. Luis Augusto Ginebra, and the Universal Insurances, presided by Ing. Ernesto Izquierdo, gave birth to Universal-América.
For year 2003, this company, being one of the branches of the Popular Group, is baptized with the Seguros Popular, insisting on which the name changes.
At this moment Seguros Popular gave beginning to a program of change of culture, to hit the aspect Service, like part of the strategy of differentiation by the service to the client. The company centralized all the processes on watch in a structure that represents the client including an area on watch to the physical client. In addition to this the most modern Technological Platform was gotten up, that aligns all the units of businesses to offer a service based on the use of better practices and standards of the business.

</doc>
<doc id="9850718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850718" title="Cherry (band)">
Cherry (band)

Cherry was an all-Australian girl pop music group. It was one of the first girl bands to emerge since the loss of the successful early 90's girl-group Girlfriend (who later became gf4). Cherry consisted of Zoe, Hayley, Camielle, Gerri and Amy, and was formed in 1998.
The debut single 'SOS' was produced by well known industry producer/song writer Michael Szumowski (Toni Pearen, Bardot, Marcia Hines, Guy Sebastian, Shannon Noll), and released on Columbia and Sony Music Entertainment. The single did not chart, so the label reworked the band's image, deciding on a more edgy approach. This resulted in the group covering the Transvision Vamp hit 'I Want Your Love'. The B-side single featured the track 'The way you do' penned by Szumowski and local artist Toni Pearen. Once again, it did not meet with success, and the label went back to the drawing board, spending more time on promotion in local teen magazines and local appearances. The group also embarked on a club tour around Australia, mostly at gay venues.
The group then went onto release their third single written by well-known song writer Diane Warren, a ballad titled 'Saddest Song' Originally by American r&b/soul girl group For Real with the title being "The Saddest Song I Ever Heard". The single also featured a dance remix and rnb versions of the song. The track reached No. 46 on the ARIA charts on 25 July 1999, their first (and only) charting hit. At this time, two of the groups singers, Zoe and Amy, left the group, only leaving three remaining members of the group. Camielle, Gerri and Hayley decided to continue as a three piece outfit and after lengthy discussions with their record label it was decided that they would re-record all the tracks that had been finished for their as yet released debut album "Sacred Kiss" that had been recorded with Amy and Zoe's vocals, and also re-release third single "Saddest Song" as a three piece. A new video was made for the song and even released to music television stations, but the single and album were cancelled last minute by the record label.
With no further official releases, the group disbanded by the end of the year. Their album "Sacred Kiss", featuring a title track also penned by Diane Warren, was not released. Camielle had a short solo career in 2002, releasing the single 'Yada Yada Yada'.

</doc>
<doc id="9850759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850759" title="Look Look Look">
Look Look Look

Look Look Look is the tenth studio album release by M.C. Hammer on July 4, 2006 by his own label, Full Blast Digital Music Group. It serves as Hammer's ninth official album and eleventh record overall.
The album contains singles such as "Look 3x", produced by Scott Storch and "Get 2 No U," featuring J.D. Greer and Pleasure Ellis. 
"Look Look Look" has been released digitally via various music services. It has sold over 300,000 copies worldwide. The album is categorized as crunk, a style of hip hop
"What Happened to Our Hood?" originally appeared on "Active Duty".

</doc>
<doc id="9850761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850761" title="Wet-bulb potential temperature">
Wet-bulb potential temperature

Wet-bulb potential temperature, sometimes referred to as pseudo wet-bulb potential temperature, is the temperature attained by mass of air brought adiabatically to saturation and then carried along moist-adiabat to 1000 mb (hPa). 
This temperature is conservative with respect to reversible adiabatic changes. 

</doc>
<doc id="9850770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850770" title="Zach Galifianakis Live at the Purple Onion">
Zach Galifianakis Live at the Purple Onion

Live at the Purple Onion is a DVD by American stand-up comedian Zach Galifianakis directed by Michael Blieden. The show was recorded at the San Francisco club The Purple Onion in June 2005. In addition to Zach's routine, which features Zach's trademark dry humor, a large portion of which is accompanied by a light piano piece played by Zach as bed music. It ends with Zach tearing off pages of a large pad of paper which contain prewritten, largely self-deprecating jokes, while the Pacific Boychoir sings "The Greatest Love of All." The DVD contains two separate sections which are cut to throughout the routine, often at times where the content of the routine may have to do with the content of the other portions. One of the sections is an unscripted roadtrip to The Purple Onion in a Volkswagen bus with Zach and his friend Joe Wagner. The banter and happenings that occur seem to provide insights to where Zach gets some of his comedy. The bus ends up breaking down just short of their goal so they finish the trip in a GoCar, a small rental vehicle meant for tourists. The second section is a loosely scripted interview of Zach's brother "Seth Galifianakis" (played by Zach) by Brian Unger. The DVD was released March 6, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9850780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850780" title="Louis Macloon">
Louis Macloon

Louis Owen Macloon (20 May 1893 – 13 August 1979, age 86) was a prominent theatrical producer of the 1920s and 1930s.
Family.
Macloon was the son of Chicago Tribune reporter Charles Macloon and his wife, Josephine, née Owen.
Louis Macloon married three times:
He had one child, a daughter, Ruth, by his first wife.
Theatrical producer career.
Macloon is credited with having given Clark Gable his first professional acting role, carrying a spear as a soldier. Later, Gable served as understudy to the role of Sergeant Quirk in "What Price Glory" by Laurence Stallings and Maxwell Anderson, another Macloon production. Macloon told Gable, "You'll do, my boy." 
Macloon's career with producing partner and wife Lillian Albertson was prolific, marking over a decade of successful plays and musicals from New York to Chicago and Los Angeles, including "It Pays to Sin", which they translated from Hungarian.
Entrepreneur.
Macloon was also an entrepreneur, and was a major investor in Almac Yacht Corporation, of Mystic, Connecticut, which built fifty foot Seven Seas Cruisers with interiors designed by Joseph Urban, the noted architect of the Ziegfeld Theatre.
Death.
Macloon died 13 August 1979 at age 86 in Baker City, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="9850794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850794" title="JC3IEDM">
JC3IEDM

JC3IEDM, or Joint Consultation, Command and Control Information Exchange Data Model is a model that, when implemented, aims to enable the interoperability of systems and projects required to share Command and Control (C2) information. JC3IEDM is an evolution of the C2IEDM standard that includes joint operational concepts, just as the Land Command and Control Information Exchange Data Model (LC2IEDM) was extended to become C2IEDM. The program is managed by the Multilateral Interoperability Programme (MIP).
The Joint C3 Information Exchange Data Model.
JC3IEDM is produced by the MIP-NATO Management Board (MNMB) and ratified under NATO STANAG 5525. JC3IEDM a fully documented standard for an information exchange data model for the sharing of C2 information.
The overall aim of JC3IEDM is to enable "international interoperability of C2 information systems at all levels from corps to battalion (or lowest appropriate level) in order to support multinational (including NATO), combined and joint operations and the advancement of digitisation in the international arena."
According to JC3IEDM's documentation, this aim is attempted to be achieved by "specifying the minimum set of data that needs to be
exchanged in coalition or multinational operations. Each nation, agency or community of
interest is free to expand its own data dictionary to accommodate its additional
information exchange requirements with the understanding that the added specifications
will be valid only for the participating nation, agency or community of interest. Any
addition that is deemed to be of general interest may be submitted as a change proposal
within the configuration control process to be considered for inclusion in the next version
of the specification."
"JC3IEDM is intended to represent the core of the data identified for exchange across multiple functional areas and multiple views of the requirements. Toward that end, it lays down a common approach to describing the information to be exchanged in a command and control (C2) environment.
JC3IEDM development history and current maturity.
JC3IEDM has been developed from the initial Generic Hub (GH) Data Model, which changed its name to Land C2 Information Exchange Data Model (LC2IEDM) in 1999. Development of the model continued in a Joint context and in November 2003 the C2 Information Exchange Data Model (C2IEDM) Edition 6.1 was released. Additional development to this model, incorporating the NATO Corporate Reference model, resulted in the model changing its name again to JC3IEDM with JC3IEDM Ed 0.5 being issued in December 2004.
Subsequent releases have seen areas of the model developed in greater depth than others and there is variation in the number of sub-types and attributes for each type in the current version. An example is HARBOUR within the FACILITY type which has 43 attributes compared to a VESSEL-TYPE with 12 attributes or a WEAPON-TYPE with 4 attributes. The associated attributes of a certain type also lack support for exploiting with those of other types. For example VESSEL-TYPE does not support the length or width of a vessel in its attributes but HARBOUR has both maximum vessel length and width attributes.
National policies related to JC3IEDM.
The UK Ministry of Defence has mandated JC3IEDM as the C2 Information Exchange Model, in Joint Service Publication (JSP) 602:1007, for use on all systems and/or projects exchanging C2 information within and interoperating with the Land Environment at a Strategic and Operational Level. It is strongly recommended for other environments and mandated for all environments at the Tactical level. JSP 602:1005 for Collaborative Services has also mandated JC3IEDM in the tactical domain for all systems/projects providing data sharing collaborative services.
References.
Note: Link for Ref 3 is broken. Link for Ref 5 is wrong.

</doc>
<doc id="9850805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850805" title="Devil's Disciples">
Devil's Disciples

"Devil's Disciples" is a Hong Kong television series released overseas in February 2007 and broadcast locally on TVB Jade in July 2007.
Synopsis.
There are two groups of people, the good and evil. Everyone sees the Saint Sword Sect, led by Pak Tong-Ngo (Eddy Ko), as the good, and the Blood Shadow Sect, led by an unknown couple Sze Ma Shing-Wan (Michael Miu) and Mo Yung Koo-Yuet (Anne Heung), as the bad. The Saint Sword Sect tried to get rid of the Blood Shadow Sect and the Blood Shadow Sect broke apart as a result. Before they fought, Sze Ma Shing-Want and Mo Yung Koo-Yuet had twins, which they used eagles to send them separately elsewhere for safety. After that, Pak Tong-Ngo ruled the Eight Sects. 
Twenty years later, Shing Fung (Bosco Wong) and Shing Kung (Johnson Lee) are unrelated brothers. They perform on the street with their mother (Law Koon Lan) as a living. Because of a rich man's celebration for his daughter's wedding, Shing Fung joins the competition to get the lucky peach from the top of a tall scaffold. From then, he met his master (Wayne Lai) and met Pak Tong Chi-Lung (Bernice Liu). As the Saint Sword Sect is looking for new disciples, Shing Fung managed to pass all the trials and got in. He got to know Ging Lui (Kevin Cheng) and both of them became good friends. While in the Saint Sword Sect, Ging Lui looks for his mother.
The Blood Shadow Sect is revived once again, led by Mok Man (Sharon Chan) this time. Pak-Tong Ngo wants one of his disciples to learn and participate in the Big Dipper Array, which is one of the strongest and long lost martial arts in the pugilistic world. With Mok Man’s help, Ging Lui finds his mother. After he found out the truth of his mother's death, Kin Lui left the Saint Sword Sect and fell in love with Mok Man. The Sword Saint Pak-Tong Ngo found out that Shing Fung and Mok Man were siblings, so he used Shing Fung to lure Mok Man to a trap, where he would poison her. Mok Man fell into Pak-Tong Ngo's trap, but Shing Fung arrived to help her. Sword Saint Pak-Tong Ngo was outraged and made up excuses, trying to justify Mok Man's death. Ging Lui then came and taking hostage of Chi-Lung, they managed to escape, running away to meditate and heal Mok Man.
However, no matter how Szeto Shui-Ling (Shirley Yeung) tried, she could not cure Mok Man, unless they sought help from the Unity Clan, where Shui-Ling was born. Shui-Ling's father, the leader of the Unity Clan refused to cure Mok Man because there was a law which prohibited the Unity Clan from treating outsiders, as they did not want to have anything to do with the pugilistic world. So, Shui-Ling decided to marry Shing Fung. First, for the fate of her sister, Mok Man. And, secondly, for her love to Sheng Fung. Shui-Ling didn't want to separate Chi-Lung. So, that night, Shui-Ling tricked Shing Fung thinking it was for power, and not wine. He drank the wine and was very drunk. Shui Ling opens her clothes and kisses Sheng Fung. And, unwraps Sheng Fung's clothing. Shui-Ling's parents found out in the morning and found out they had slept a night. Meanwhile, Pak-Tong Ngo has further evil plans.
Reception.
Viewers complained about the excessive heavy use of CGI graphics on the visuals to exaggerate an already exaggerated fantasy martial arts series. People felt the story had the potential to develop more as many characters were introduced, but they were never properly utilized. 
They also felt the story was disorganized and the ending was anticlimactic, as the villain was never defeated, but self detonated as a result of being too powerful. Fans of Dragon Ball Z was surprised when Ging Lui (Kevin Cheng) used Goku's famous Kamehameha wave upon Pak Tong-Ngo. The epilogue of the story was followed by a small comical musical skit that was met with mixed reaction.
Awards and nominations.
40th TVB Anniversary Awards (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="9850806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850806" title="Mariveleño dialect">
Mariveleño dialect

The Mariveleño dialect may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9850859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850859" title="Lillian Albertson">
Lillian Albertson

Lillian Albertson (August 6, 1881 – August 24, 1962) was an American stage and screen actress, and a noted theatrical producer. She and her husband, Louis O. Macloon, were credited with discovering future film star Clark Gable.
She died, aged 81, in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9850864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850864" title="PoliticalDerby">
PoliticalDerby

PoliticalDerby is a Washington DC-based conservative political website founded in 2005 by Jason F. Wright. The site creates Power Rankings, which rank announced and rumored candidates for the US presidency by political party. The rankings reflect the likelihood of any given candidate being nominated and then elected President of the United States. The rankings are compiled by the Editor using "wire reports, polls, campaign staffer scuttlebutt and confidential tips."
The site promotes political commentary with an edge, with posters and readers alike encouraged to blend humor with their insights.
The site's political commentary has been featured in many large media outlets, including The Washington Times, Fox News Channel, Lars Larson Show, and The Gill Report. Jason Wright began making regular appearances on FNC's Fox & Friends to offer Power Rankings updates beginning in late 2006.
PoliticalDerby's other contributors are Stephen Fountain, David Kaiser, Ethan Boivie, Phillip McCracken, and Barry Phillips.

</doc>
<doc id="9850865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850865" title="Graffiti the World">
Graffiti the World

Graffiti the World is a studio album by Atlanta-based rock/rap band Rehab. It is their fourth commercially released album. In 2008, it was re-released on Universal Republic Records. 
"Graffiti the World" was Rehab's first album to feature the new line-up, following the departure of Jason "Brooks" Buford.
Re-issue.
In 2008, the album was re-released. This version contains their US hit "Bartender Song (Sittin' at a Bar)", "1980", and changes in the track listing.
Personnel.
Danny "Boone" Alexander- Vocals
Demun Jones- Vocals
Mike Hartnett- Guitars
Foz- Guitars
Hano Leathers- Bass
Chris Hood- Drums
Denny Campbell (Steaknife)-Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="9850876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850876" title="Winnie the Pooh Discovers the Seasons">
Winnie the Pooh Discovers the Seasons

Winnie the Pooh Discovers the Seasons is a short film made by Walt Disney Productions' educational media division, released on September 6, 1981.
Plot.
Christopher Robin presents Pooh with an interesting new gift—a calendar. Pooh has never seen one before, and Christopher Robin explains that it's a way of keeping track of the days, weeks, months and seasons. The calendar stops at each season, as we watch Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore, Rabbit and Owl in the Hundred Acre Wood exploring the world around them and noticing the changes. Among them: the water in the pond becomes hard and slick when it gets cold.

</doc>
<doc id="9850887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850887" title="Mariveleño">
Mariveleño

Mariveleño may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9850888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850888" title="Bismuth subcarbonate">
Bismuth subcarbonate

Bismuth subcarbonate Bi2O2(CO3), sometimes written (BiO)2CO3 is a chemical compound of bismuth containing both oxide and carbonate anions. Bismuth is in the +3 oxidation state. Bismuth subcarbonate occurs naturally as the mineral bismutite. Its structure consists of Bi-O layers and CO3 layers and is related to kettnerite, CaBi(CO3)OF. It is light sensitive.
Uses.
It is highly radiopaque and for example is used as a filler in radiopaque catheters which can be seen by x-ray. In modern medicine, bismuth subcarbonate has been made into nanotube arrays that exhibit antibacterial properties. It is also used in fireworks  to make Dragon's eggs. It is a constituent of milk of bismuth which was a popular digestive tract panacea in the 1930s
Safety.
Bismuth subcarbonate may be harmful if swallowed. It may irritate the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract.

</doc>
<doc id="9850890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850890" title="William Langhorne">
William Langhorne

William Langhorne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9850901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850901" title="Wilhelm Uhthoff">
Wilhelm Uhthoff

Wilhelm Uhthoff (31 July 1853 – 21 March 1927) was a German ophthalmologist born in Klein-Warin. 
In 1877 earned his doctorate at the University of Berlin, and later became a professor of ophthalmology at the Universities of Marburg (1890) and Breslau (1896), where he succeeded Carl Friedrich Richard Förster (1825–1902).
Uhthoff specialized in the study of ophthalmological disorders that were related to the central nervous system. In 1890 he described a condition of temporary vision loss linked to physical exercise, and associated with optic neuritis. This condition was to become known as Uhthoff's phenomenon, and was later found to be caused by a rise in body temperature.
In 1915 he published a treatise titled "Augensymptome bei Grosshirntumoren" in which gave an early description of a neuro-ophthalmic disorder that was to become known as Foster Kennedy syndrome. However, the disease was to be named after Robert Foster Kennedy (1884–1952), who provided a more comprehensive (and earlier) account of the disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="9850925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850925" title="Hemaris thysbe">
Hemaris thysbe

Hemaris thysbe, commonly known as the Hummingbird Clearwing, is a moth of the Sphingidae (hawkmoth) family. Coloration varies between individuals, but typically the moth is olive green and burgundy on its back, and white or yellow and burgundy on the underside. Its wings are transparent with a reddish brown border. It has light colored legs, which combined with the lack of striping on the underside is diagnostic. Beating its wings rapidly, "H. thysbe" hovers to collect nectar from a variety of flowers. The combination of its appearance and its behavior commonly leads to it being confused with a hummingbird or bumblebee.
"Hemaris thysbe" is found in a large portion of the United States, with a range extending from Alaska to Oregon in the west and from Maine to Florida in the east. It is a migratory species and is most common in the eastern United States. "H. thysbe" was two broods a year in the southern portion of its range, but only one in the north. As a caterpillar, it feeds on honeysuckle and several types of fruit trees.
Due to the variable appearance of "H. thysbe", it has often been mistakenly described as multiple distinct species. It was first identified by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1775. The moth is not endangered and has minimal economic impact upon humans.
Description.
The body of an adult "Hemaris thysbe" moth is spindle shaped, and is largely covered by a thick coat of fur. There is significant variation in coloration between individuals. Typically, the back side of moth is olive to golden-olive on the thorax and burgundy to black with light olive to dark golden patches on the abdomen. The underside of the moth is white to yellow on the thorax and burgundy to black on the abdomen. When it first hatches, the wings of "H. thysbe" are dark red to black. As it begins to fly, scales fall off leaving a mostly clear wing with reddish brown borders and veins. The width and shape of the border as well as the patterning of the veins vary between individuals. The moth beats its wings quite rapidly and has a wingspan of . "H. thysbe" has light colored, often yellow legs. In general, southern broods and individuals hatched later in the season are darker in color. Southern and eastern populations generally exhibit jagged wing borders, while northern and western ones are usually smooth.
The antennae of "H. thysbe" are thicker at their base and are curved at the ends. Unlike most moths, the species lacks hearing organs. It has compound eyes and well-developed reproductive organs. "Hemaris thysbe" can be distinguished from "Hemaris gracilis" and "Hemaris diffinis" by the lack of stripes on the underside of its thorax and by its pale legs. (Legs are reddish in "H. gracilis" and black in "H. diffinis".) The "H. thysbe" caterpillar is yellowish green with bands of dark green and reddish brown to dark brown. It has a granulose body with small, white spots and a white horn projecting from the its posterior.
As a caterpillar, "H. thysbe" feeds on cherry trees, European cranberry bush, hawthorns, honeysuckle, and snowberry. It burrows into the soil to overwinter as a brown, hard-shelled pupae. In the late spring, it emerges as an adult moth. "H. thysbe" lays green eggs on the underside of plants leaves which hatch in about a week. Development takes four weeks after which the caterpillar spins a cocoon at ground level. Two to four weeks later a moth emerges for a second breeding cycle before summer's end in southern climates. In northern climates, "H. thysbe" has a single mating cycle per year.
The mating and other behavioral habits of "H. thysbe" have not been well studied. Adults are most active during the hottest parts of the day, but remain active until sunset. "H. thysbe" collects nectar from a wide variety of flowers using a long () proboscis while hovering above the bloom. It shows a preference for pink and purple flowers, moving rapidly from one flower to the next. The moth is considered to be a hummingbird mimic and is frequently mistaken for the bird or for a bumblebee.
Habitat and range.
"Hemaris thysbe" lives in second-growth forest, in meadows, and is commonly found in cultivated gardens of suburbia. "H. thysbe" is a migratory species, capable of traveling long distances. In single brood regions, adults are found throughout the summer. In the south, adults are present from March to June and from August to October.
"H. thysbe" is most abundant in the eastern United States, with a range from Florida to Maine. Its range extends westward to Texas, the Great Plains, and into Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta. On the west coast of North America, its range extends from Oregon to British Columbia, and into Alaska. It has minimal economic impact to humans acting neither as a crop pollinator nor as a pest. The moth does, however, pollinate several cultivated flowers, and is the primary pollinator for some species of orchid. "H. thysbe" is not endangered or threatened.
Taxonomic history.
"Hemaris thysbe" was first described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1775 as "Sesia thysbe" in his "Systema Entomologiae". The specific name is likely a reference to Thisbe, half of a pair of ill-fated lovers in Ovid's "Metamorphoses". The name thus associates the blood-stained scarf of Thisbe to the reddish brown coloration of the moth.
Due to the variable coloration and wing patterning of "H. thysbe", it, along with other members of "Hermaris", were described as many different species during the 1800s. In 1971, entomologist Ronald Hodges examined the various forms in detail. He dissected a number of specimens representing the range of "H. thysbe"'s coloration and geographic scope and found no differences in their reproductive organs. He thus concluded that the many variations represent a single species. Species collapsed into "H. thysbe" include:

</doc>
<doc id="9850960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850960" title="KWFP">
KWFP

KWFP is a commercial radio station located in Sparks, Nevada, broadcasting to the Reno, Nevada area on 92.1 FM. KWFP airs a country music format and branded as "92.1 The Wolf". The station rebroadcasts on a translator at 102.5 FM to cover the Carson City area.
History.
The station signed on the air in 1993 as KSRN with an easy listening format. In 2000, KSRN moved to a stronger signal at 107.7 FM to cover the Carson City and Lake Tahoe areas. As a result, the 92.1 frequency became home to KJZS with its smooth jazz format. On September 13, 2010, KJZS changed its format to country, branded as "The Wolf", leaving the Reno radio market without a smooth jazz outlet. On November 9, 2010 KJZS changed their call letters to KWFP, to go with the "Wolf" branding.

</doc>
<doc id="9850963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850963" title="Motorola 68851">
Motorola 68851

The Motorola 68851 is an external Memory Management Unit (MMU) which is designed to provide paged memory support for the 68020 using that processor's coprocessor interface. In theory it can be used with other processors such as the 68010 by simulating the coprocessor interface in software.
Later 68K family processors such as the 68030, 68040, and 68060 have an internal MMU, and will not operate with the 68851, except possibly by simulation of the coprocessor interface.
The 68851 was available as an option for the Apple Macintosh II, and was necessary to run Apple's A/UX operating system.
Very few cards for the Amiga make use of the 68851 primarily because it can only be used with a small range of processors and most Amigas and accelerator cards use a processor which either has its own MMU or cannot support an MMU. One of the few cards which does use this is the Commodore A2620.

</doc>
<doc id="9851023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851023" title="Aarne Juutilainen">
Aarne Juutilainen

Aarne Edward Juutilainen (18 October 1904 – 28 October 1976), nicknamed "The Terror of Morocco", was a Finnish army captain who served in the French Foreign Legion in Morocco between 1930 and 1935. After returning to Finland, he served in the Finnish army and became a national hero in the Battle of Kollaa during the Winter War with Russia. He was wounded three times during World War II.
Juutilainen was born in Sortavala, and died in Helsinki. His brother was flying ace Ilmari Juutilainen.
French Foreign Legion.
On 20 June 1930, Juutilainen travelled to France and joined the French Foreign Legion. He was transferred to Fort St. Nicolas in Southern France, near Marseille, and from there to Oran in Algeria. He spent time in a Foreign Legion training camp in the town of Sidi Bel Abbès. From there he was transferred to Fez and fought in several battles against the Arab rebels in the Atlas Mountains. Because of his service in Morocco, he was called the "The Terror of Morocco" by Finnish troops.
The war in the Atlas Mountains was long, and in 1931 the Arab offensive surrendered. Juutilainen returned to Finland on 20 June 1935, by which time the whole of Morocco was under French control.
The Winter War.
In November 1939, the Soviet Union attacked Finland, starting the Winter War. Juutilainen served in the Finnish army during this war, notably during the Battle of Kollaa.
Major General Woldemar Hägglund's question "Will Kollaa hold?" ("") was famously answered by Lieutenant Juutilainen: "Kollaa will hold, unless the orders are to run."
During his command at Kollaa in December 1939, Juutilainen negotiated with Hägglund about the strategy for the Kollaa Front. The Battle of Kollaa was strategically important. "Unless we are told to run" meant exactly that; a week earlier, he had received a regimental order to withdraw, which he disregarded.
Afterwards, lieutenant-colonel and regiment commander Wilhelm Teittinen, who commanded the JR/34 at the Kollaa Front, honored Juutilainen: "He created the Kollaa Spirit".
By 1940, Juutilainen was a captain commanding the "Moroccan company", a unit of "good shots and good skiers" who had all been decorated for bravery. A contemporary news report described the unit as having achieved "startling victories in this sector" during the war. Juutilainen's men called him "papa". He used the guerilla warfare skills he learned with the French Foreign Legion to train his men. By this time, Juutilainen had lost one finger of his right hand as a result of Russian shrapnel.

</doc>
<doc id="9851026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851026" title="Voltigeur">
Voltigeur

The Voltigeurs were French military skirmish units created in 1804 by Emperor Napoleon I.
Etymology.
Voltigeurs (lit. Vaulters) hold their name from their originally conceived role of cavalry-transported skirmishers: the voltigeurs were intended to jump onto the croup of cavalry horses in order to advance more quickly on the battlefield. This proved unworkable and they were trained to be elite skirmishers while retaining their original name. They formed an integral part of la Grande Armée's basic building blocks, the Line and Light infantry battalions.
Line and Light Infantry Voltigeurs.
In 1804, each French Line (Ligne) and Light (Légère) infantry battalion was ordered to create one company of ninety of the best shots who would serve as elite skirmishers.
This company would frequently be detached from the battalion to perform specialised light infantry tasks - operating in loose formation, forming the skirmish line and screening the battalion from the enemy. The voltigeurs were skilled at sharpshooting and received specific training in marksmanship, using cover and taking the initiative. 
Although the original concept of skirmishers using cavalry to transport them during battle quickly proved unworkable in any large scale, voltigeurs did on occasion ride with French dragoons to battle, as recalled by a British officer on the harrowing retreat of John Moore's army prior to the Battle of Corunna.
"The French had much the advantage of us in these petty warfares, for I have frequently seen their light troops mounted behind their dragoons, so that when they came to a favourable place to make an attack, these fellows dismounted quite fresh, and our light troops who had been always marching, had to oppose them; still we managed to beat them off."
With the reorganization of 1807 the voltigeur company was enlarged to 120 men. When the battalion was formed up in line formation, the voltigeurs took their place on the left of the line, the second most prestigious position. The top position, the right, was occupied by the battalion's grenadier company.
After the huge losses incurred during the 1812 Russian Campaign the quality of the French voltigeurs declined as the new units lacked the experience and training to set them apart from their 'non elite' compatriots in the regular light infantry chasseur companies. The hastily reformed regiments of 1813, numbering up to 19, were not up to the same standard as the elite units of the Voltigeurs before the Russian campaign. Despite this, the Voltigeurs of the Guard performed admirably in the 1813-14 campaigns. 
Uniform.
The uniform was made of a blue coat with yellow collar and cuffs piped red, red and green epaulettes with a yellow crescent, and yellow bugle horns on the turnbacks. From 1804, they wore shakos, but some had bicorne hats with green pompoms and a yellow brush. By 1807, all Voltigeurs had a shako which could be plain black, and have a yellow top or bottom band, or have yellow chevrons, green cords, and an all-green plume or a green plume with a yellow tip. Line voltigeurs had white trousers and lapels, while light voltigeurs had blue trousers and lapels.
Voltigeurs of the Guard.
In 1809, the French Imperial Guard's corps of Chasseurs formed the Tirailleurs-Chasseurs and Conscrit-Chasseurs regiments, part of the Young Guard. In 1811, these units were renamed Voltigeurs, forming the 1-4th regiments. The Voltigeurs of the Guard, along with their sister regiments the Tirailleurs (formerly the "Tirailleurs-Grenadiers" and "Conscrit-Grenadiers" Regiments), provided the skirmish screen for the Chasseurs and Grenadiers of Napoleon's Old Guard. 
During the Battle of Waterloo the Voltigeurs, along with the Tirailleurs, conducted a tenacious defense of the town of Plancenoit against a major Prussian flanking attack. Despite being heavily outnumbered, the Young Guard, reinforced by some battalions of Old Guard Grenadiers, held the town until the defeat of the Middle Guard attack on the allied centre caused the army to collapse.
After the abdication of Napoleon and the Second Restoration of the Bourbon kings, the surviving regiments of Voltigeurs, along with the remnants of the entire Imperial Guard, were disbanded.
Voltigeurs in French-allied states.
Several Napoleonic French allies based their battalion formation on that of the French. These allies also had voltigeur companies in their battalions. The allies using the French battalion system included: 
In addition, the US organized a "Regiment of Voltigeurs and Foot Riflemen" (1847-1848) for service in the Mexican-American War. 

</doc>
<doc id="9851041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851041" title="Natalya Panteleyeva">
Natalya Panteleyeva

Natalya Panteleyeva (; born 10 September 1983) is a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 and 1500 metres.
On 11 February 2007 she helped establish a world indoor record in the rarely contested 4 x 800 metres relay (8:18.54 minutes with teammates Anna Balakshina, Anna Emashova and Olesya Chumakova).
She won the silver medal in 1500 m at the 2007 European Indoor Athletics Championships.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9851057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851057" title="Chukie Nwokorie">
Chukie Nwokorie

Chijioke "Chukie" Obinna Nwokorie (born July 10, 1975 ) is a former American football offensive lineman and defensive lineman.
Early years.
Chukie Nwokorie was adopted as a teenager by John and Patricia Stephenson of Lafayette, Indiana after his birth father departed for Nigeria and his birth mother proved unable to care for him. Brought into the Stephenson family (three sons and a daughter), he finally found the family he had never had. He played high school football at Jefferson High School in Lafayette, Indiana where he received honorable mention and All State Selection in 1994. He notched 88 career tackles with 8.5 sacks, four forced fumbles and three fumble recoveries.
College career.
He played college football at Purdue University where he was a four-year letter winner and a one-year starter.
NFL career.
Nwokorie entered the National Football League for the Indianapolis Colts (1999–2002) signing as a free agent. He also played for the Green Bay Packers (2003–2004).
AFL career.
Nwokorie played two seasons in the Arena Football League with the Las Vegas Gladiators (2006) and the Grand Rapids Rampage (2007).
Personal.
He served as an intern in the enforcement department of the NCAA in 2001. He currently lives in Indianapolis, Indiana with his wife, Jamila. He also had a stint in 2004–2005 as an intern at a local radio station in Indianapolis, WNOU with the "Morning Mess". He is currently the vice president of Fronton Operations.
On August 27, 2008, Nwokorie was arrested by Indianapolis police and charged with two felonies, criminal deviate conduct and sexual battery.
On November 1, 2009 Chijoke Nwokorie was arrested on preliminary battery charges by the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
Former Colts Player Pleads To Confinement, Assault
Chijioke Nwokorie Sentenced To 2 Years Probation

</doc>
<doc id="9851062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851062" title="Pleasure Reconciled to Virtue">
Pleasure Reconciled to Virtue

Pleasure Reconciled to Virtue is a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones. It was first performed on Twelfth Night, 6 January 1618, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall Palace. The work's failure on its initial performance, and its subsequent revision, marked a significant development in Jonson's evolving masque technique.
Prince Charles.
The masque marked the début of the young Prince Charles, the future King Charles I, in the public life of the Stuart Court. Upon the death of his older brother Prince Henry in 1612, Charles had become the heir to the throne of his father, James I; but his youth and relatively poor health (he'd suffered from rickets as a child) kept Charles from assuming the kind of public prominence that Henry had earlier enjoyed. Dancing a role in "Pleasure Reconciled to Virtue" marked a sort of "coming out" for Charles, just as Henry's appearance in the Jonson/Jones masque "Oberon, the Faery Prince" (1611) had been significant in his career. Orazio Busino, the chaplain to the Venetian ambassador to London and a member of the audience, described Charles as "an agile youth, handsome and very graceful."
The show.
Jonson's text for the masque was dominated by the usual figures of classical mythology — in this case, Hercules faces a conflict between the competing demands of duty and pleasure; under the guidance of Mercury, a mean between the two is found in the person of Daedalus. The appearance of Comus, the Bacchus-like god of festivity and mockery, at the start of the masque may have later inspired John Milton to make the figure a central focus of his own masque "Comus" in 1634. Jones's set for the masque featured a large mountain meant to represent Mount Atlas; the mountain's peak was shaped like a human head that moved its eyes and changed expression. The anti-masque featured a dozen followers of Comus, men dressed in barrels, and a dozen boys costumed as frogs. A second anti-masque featured a dance of pygmies.
Busino's eyewitness account of the masque's initial performance helps to explain its failure. Busino wrote that toward the end of the masque the performers' energies flagged:
The Marquis of Buckingham mentioned by Busino was George Villiers, who was the successor of John Ramsay and Robert Carr as the King's "favorite minion." In one interpretation, the masque may have failed with James because it was too obviously critical of the King's personal vices — "his excessive fondness for Buckingham, upon whom he lavished titles, wealth and sexual favours; his frequent inebriation; and his squandering of court revenues on over-lavish banqueting and drink."
Revision.
The difficulties of the masque's creators were compounded by the fact that James's queen and Charles's mother, Anne of Denmark, who had missed the first performance due to illness, commanded a second, which occurred on Shrove Tuesday, 17 February. Jonson did a major rewrite on his text, adding a new anti-masque as its start called "For the Honor of Wales," full of broad dialect humour. This revision was apparently not enough to please the naysayers among the courtly audience. Busino, for his part, disapproved of the bare-breasted costumes of some of the female masquers. But the anti-masque, which Jonson had invented in "The Masque of Queens" in 1609, became more prominent in Jonson's subsequent works in the genre, often opening the masque as in "For the Honor of Wales." Other writers of masques were influenced in the same direction, as in "The Triumph of Beauty" by James Shirley (published 1646).
Aftermath.
The career of neither Jonson nor Jones was severely impacted by the failure of "Pleasure Reconciled." Jonson continued as the Court's primary author of masques for more than a decade, and Jones designed the masques for an even longer period. When the Whitehall Banqueting House burned down in January 1619, Jones replaced it with a building that is widely considered his masterpiece in architecture (see: Banqueting House, Whitehall).
Jonson's text for the masque was first published in the second folio of his collected works in 1641. That text ends with the claim that the masque "pleased the King so well, as he would see it again" — one of the more outrageous fabrications in English literature. (Jonson had died in 1637, and can't be blamed for it.) The text also exists in a transcript by the professional scribe Ralph Crane, which was prepared for Sir Dudley Carleton.

</doc>
<doc id="9851081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851081" title="Robert J. Havighurst">
Robert J. Havighurst

Robert James Havighurst (June 5, 1900 in De Pere, Wisconsin – January 31, 1991 in Richmond, Indiana) was a professor, physicist, educator, and aging expert. Both his father, Freeman Alfred Havighurst, and mother, Winifred Weter Havighurst, had been educators at Lawrence University. Havighurst worked and published well into his 80s. According to his family, Havighurst died of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 90.
Education.
He attended public schools in Wisconsin and Illinois. He obtained many degrees and education achievements: 1918-21 B.A. from Ohio Wesleyan University, 1922 M.A. Ohio State University, 1924 Ph.D., Chemistry Ohio State University, 1953-54 Fulbright Scholar, University of Canterbury, New Zealand, 1961 Fulbright Scholar University of Buenos Aires, 1962 Honorary Degree Sc. Adelphi University, 1963 Hon. L.L.D. Ohio Wesleyan University.
2006
Career.
He published a number of papers in journal of physics and chemistry about the structure of the atom in 1924. He went to Harvard University as a postdoctoral fellow, studying atomic structure and publishing papers in journals of physics and chemistry.
He decided to change careers in 1928, so he went into the field of experimental education. He became an assistant professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. In 1940, he became an education professor at the University of Chicago in the University's Committee on Human Development. He worked in the field of aging. Again, in the same year he was interested in international and comparative aspects of education. He wrote several books and published many papers. His most famous book called "Human Development and Education".
He was inducted in the International Adult and Continuing Education Hall of Fame.
Intellectual contributions.
Havighurst's educational research did much to advance education in the United States. Educational theory before Havighurst was underdeveloped. Children learned by rote and little concern was given to how children developed. From 1948 to 1953 he developed his highly influential theory of human development and education. The crown jewel of his research was on developmental task. Havighurst tried to define the developmental stages on many levels.
Havighurst identified six major stages in human life covering birth to old age:
From there, Havighurst recognized that each human has three sources for developmental tasks. They are:
The developmental tasks model that Havighurst developed was age dependent and all served pragmatic functions depending on their age.
Educational work and civil rights.
From 1967 through 1971, Havighurst directed the National Study of Indian Education, which was funded by the U.S. Office of Education. He involved Native Americans in planning the study as well as helping in field work and data analysis. The conclusions indicated that education for Native American youth across the United States varied widely according to numerous factors such as funding, location, curriculum, faculty, degree of isolation, and cultural differences. Recommendations included finding ways for Native Americans to have an increased voice in their education and the establishment of a National Commission on Indian Education.
In the late 1960s and 1970s, Havighurst focused his attention on the problems of urban education. He conducted a study of public high schools in the forty-five largest cities in the United States. The study examined: educational goals, school structure and organization, staff characteristics, curriculum, student activities, student activism, and school-community relations. Havighurst concluded that there was more and deeper segregation and separation of high school students of different socioeconomic and ethnic groups in 1969 to 1970 than there was ten or twenty years before. In 1977, at age seventy-seven, he coedited a book in which he developed a series of policies and practices for the improvement of big city schools based on his research.
Quotes.
"Family life is the source of the greatest human happiness. This happiness is the simplest and least costly kind, and it cannot be purchased with money. But it can be increased if we do two things: if we recognize and uphold the essential values of family life and if we get and keep control of the process of social change so as to make it give us what is needed to make family life perform its essential functions."
"The modern world needs people with a complex identity who are intellectually autonomous and prepared to cope with uncertainty; who are able to tolerate ambiguity and not be driven by fear into a rigid, single-solution approach to problems, who are rational, foresightful and who look for facts; who can draw inferences and can control their behavior in the light of foreseen consequences, who are altruistic and enjoy doing for others, and who understand social forces and trends."
"A successful mother sets her children free and becomes free herself in the process."
"The two basic principle processes of education are knowing and valuing."
"The art of friendship has been little cultivated in our society."
"A developmental task is a task which is learned at a specific point and which makes achievement of succeeding tasks possible. When the timing is right, the ability to learn a particular task will be possible. This is referred to as a 'teachable moment.' It is important to keep in mind that unless the time is right, learning will not occur. Hence, it is important to repeat important points whenever possible so that when a student's teachable moment occurs, s/he can benefit from the knowledge."

</doc>
<doc id="9851083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851083" title="Olesya Chumakova">
Olesya Chumakova

Olesya Chumakova (born 23 July 1981) is a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 and 1500 metres.
On 11 February 2007 she helped establish a world indoor record in the rarely contested 4 x 800 metres relay (8:18.54 minutes with teammates Anna Balakshina, Natalya Panteleyeva and Anna Emashova).
She won the bronze medal in 1500 m at the 2007 European Indoor Athletics Championships.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9851108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851108" title="Historic Ohio Canals">
Historic Ohio Canals

Following is a list of historic canals that were once used for transportation in Ohio.
See also.
External links

</doc>
<doc id="9851119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851119" title="Hellrazor">
Hellrazor

Hellrazor is a fictional assassin character in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
First Hellrazor.
Publication history.
Hellrazor first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" #87 (November 1979), and was created by Steven Grant and Gene Colan.
The character subsequently appears in "Captain America" #319 (July 1986), in which he was killed by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Fictional character biography.
Hellrazor was a costumed criminal outfitted by Roxxon Oil Corporation, hired to defame and kill the Black Panther. He was defeated by the combined forces of T’Challa and Spider-Man.
Hellrazor was caught without his weapons at the "Bar With No Name," and shot dead by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Powers and abilities.
Hellrazor can draw upon any energy source to replenish his strength and stamina.
Hellrazor’s primary weapons were a pair of wrist blades – bracelets which had sharpened edges, and could also fire a stream of sharp razors from his wrists.
Second Hellrazor.
Civil War.
Another character named Hellrazor has appeared as a Superhuman Registration Act violator. He was running a protection racket in Billings, Montana, and was being held as a prisoner of the Thunderbolts. Two days after his arrest, he encountered Penance. Hellrazor began to taunt Penance about his role in the Stamford incident, until Penance attacked him and beat him severely.
It is unknown at this time what connection, if any, he has to the Caprice, Mindwave, Mirage, and Bluestreak, who were also held as prisoners of the Thunderbolts shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="9851149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851149" title="Ynares Center">
Ynares Center

The Ynares Center is an indoor sporting arena located in Antipolo, Rizal, Philippines.
The arena was built at a cost of P350 million. The coliseum was constructed in a 5-hectare lot located at the heart of Antipolo City. This is the current landmark in the province where PBA games and big concerts are held regularly. This is also the site of the 100th Foundation Anniversary Celebration of the province. It has also hosted international events, such as the FIBA Asia Champions Cup. It was the home court of the Pasig-Rizal Pirates of the Metropolitan Basketball Association in 2000.
In June 2000, as part of the Jubille Year celebration of the Catholic Church, the Diocese of Antipolo held a big mass at the center with the attendance of Jaime Sin, Cardinal Archbishop of Manila, and Archbishop Antonio Franco, Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines, who was then making a pastoral visit to the diocese. Another mass and congress was held at the center in 2005 to celebrate the National Eucharistic and Marian Year. Former President Corazon Aquino and Bishop Teodoro Bacani were the main speakers. In 2007, the diocese of Antipolo held a well-attended concert of its priests in the center. On December 5, 2008, the Center was again the venue of a special Mass and program celebrating the 25th anniversary of the canonical erection of the Diocese of Antipolo.
In late 2000, Manny Pacquiao won in 10 rounds against Nedal Hussein in an international title bout prior to his first match in the United States a few months later.
Ynares Center is also the home of the school pageant and school celebrations. Every year, Our Lady of Fatima University held its founding anniversary there. 
The stadium is named after the Ynares family of Rizal, whose members had served as governors since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9851160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851160" title="Sun (R&amp;B band)">
Sun (R&amp;B band)

Sun is an R&B, soul, disco, and funk band that was formed in the mid-1970s and recorded prolifically for Capitol Records from 1976 to 1984. The band was founded by Byron Byrd in Dayton, Ohio, in 1976. Additional members included Kym Yancey, Chris Jones, John Wagner, Hollis Melson, and Shawn Sandridge.
After being signed to Capitol by Larkin Arnold, Sun was faced with an immediate problem: an incomplete band. The black hole was in the rhythm section, so Byron Byrd recruited Roger Troutman and Lester Troutman (now with Zapp) and paid them to do some studio sessions so he could get the album finished. Lester laid drum tracks with Roger on bass, then Roger overdubbed guitar for four songs on the album, including "Live On, Dream On." But it was on "Wanna Make Love (Come Flick My BIC)". Roger Troutman died April 25, 1999.
As the first single from the debut LP, "Live On, Dream On" (1976), "Wanna Make Love" became Sun's first hit, peaking at #31 on "Billboard"’s R&B chart.
With the release of their second album, "Sun Power" (pressed on orange vinyl in 1977), Sun sprang into a ten-piece configuration of multi-instrumentalists and vocalists that consisted of Byron Byrd, John Hampton Wagner, Christopher D. Jones, Hollis Melson, Dean Hummons, Kym Yancey, Shawn Sandridge, Bruce Hastell, Gary King and Ernie Knisley. The album also contained “Conscience,” the song "Time Is Passing” (used and sampled many Rap Artists including Dr. Dre) plus the instrumental “We’re So Hot,” which has been used in sports telecasts.
Sun had people from NASA do the cover animation for their fifth album, "Sun Over The Universe" (1980)
Past performers and session musicians.
Byron Byrd: Sax, Bass, Keyboards Vocals | Christopher Jones: Trumpet, Xylophone, Vocals | John Wagner: Trumpet, Trombone, Vocals | Hollis Melson: Bass, Vocals | Dean Hummons: Keyboards, Sax | Shawn Sandridge: Guitar,Vocals | Kym Yancey: Drums, Vocals | Curtis Hooks: Bass | Sonnie Talbert: Keyboards | Dean Francis: Keyboards, Drums, Vocals | Keith Cheatham: Guitar, Vocals | Don Taylor: Bass, Vocals | Anthony Thompson: Guitar, Vocals | Sheldon Reynolds: Guitar, Vocals | ‘Drac’ (Slave): Guitar | Roger Troutman: Guitar, Bass, Talkbox | Lester Troutman: Drums, Percussion | Tony Allen: Bass | Roger Parker: Drums | Breck Bombeck: Guitar | Thomas Black: Guitar | Bruce Hastell: Guitar | Larry Houston: Keyboards | Ernie Knisley: Percussion, Background Vocals | Gary King: Trombone, Background Vocals | Nigel Bolton: Trumpet | Robert Arnold: Trumpet, Background Vocals | Robert "Mitch" Kinney: Drums | Joey Lobo: Drums | Pete Lemarr: Keyboards, Bass, Vocals | Donovan Blackwood: Percussion, Vocals | Alfie Harrison: Guitar, Vocals | Alfred Holbrook: Keyboards, Trumpet, Vocals |
Discography.
SUN ALBUMS
Influences.
SUN's songs have been covered and sampled by numerous artists, include:
MC Eiht 'Streiht Up Menace' ('Menace to Society' Title Movie Soundtrack) covered 'My Woman’, 
UGK 'Protect and Serve' used 'My Woman', 
O.C. 'Stronjay' used 'My Woman', 
STS 'The Interview' used 'My Woman', 
WC and the Maad Circle 'A Soldiers Story' used 'My Woman', 
Dr. Dre feat. Charis Henry and Mel-Man 'The Car Bomb' used 'Time is Passing', 
Pete Rock 'Just a Word or Two' used 'Time is Passing', 
Hard Knocks 'Ghetto Love' used 'Time is Passing', 
DJ JS-One and Dub L feat. Pryme and Common 'While I'm Dancing' used 'Time is Passing', 
Jet Life 'Lop-Sided' used 'Time is Passing', 
NEXT ’That’s my Word’ used Time is Passing’ 
DJ Quik 'Get At Me' used 'Conscience', 
Poison Clan 'Shine Me Up' used 'Sun Is Here', 
Sylk-E. Fyne feat. The Chill 'Romeo and Juliet' used 'Sun Is Here', 
O.S.T.R. 'Przemysi to Sobie' used 'Stay By My Side', 
Alliance Ethnik 'Respect' used 'On My Radio', 
Sunz of Man 'Intro' used 'Introduction: You Are My Sunshine',
Large Professor 'Love wit U' used 'Give Your Love To Me', 
Booyah T.R.I.B.E., Payaso, Outtahand, NB Ridaz.
Television.
United Negro College Fund "Cavalcade of Stars" Telethon, James Brown's Future Shock (TV series), Soul Train – SUN 'The Show Is Over', Soul Train - SUN, 'Wanna Make Love (Come Flick My Bic)', Soul Train - SUN, 'Sun Is Here', Soul Train - SUN, 'Pure Fire', WHIO-TV, ABC Celebrity Superstars.

</doc>
<doc id="9851164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851164" title="Dick Kleiner">
Dick Kleiner

Richard Arthur "Dick" Kleiner (March 9, 1921 – February 13, 2002) was an American columnist whose breezy question-and-answer column, "Ask Dick Kleiner," about Hollywood celebrities appeared in hundreds of newspapers across the country. He was also an author of books, a songwriter, and a voice actor.
Kleiner wrote about Broadway for fifteen years, then switched to covering Hollywood in 1964. He was syndicated by Newspaper Enterprise Association. Over the next twenty-five years, he interviewed thousands of stars and would-be stars. His books included "Please Don't Shoot My Dog: The Autobiography of Jackie Cooper" and "The Two of Us", with Tony Martin and Cyd Charisse.
He wrote the lyrics for "Say Hey -- The Willie Mays Song" and Pearl Bailey's "It'll Get Worse." He also provided the voice of one of the rats in "The Secret of NIMH".
He began writing his thrice-weekly "Ask Dick Kleiner" column in 1975, responding to questions about celebrities, movies, and television from readers across the country. Although he retired from his other duties in 1989, he continued the column until December 2001.
Kleiner was married to Hortensia "Chicki" Kleiner and they had three children: Peter, Cindy, and Katherine.

</doc>
<doc id="9851193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851193" title="G&amp;G">
G&amp;G

G&G may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9851216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851216" title="Hindu Senior Secondary School, Triplicane">
Hindu Senior Secondary School, Triplicane

The Hindu Senior Secondary School is a school in Indira Nagar, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
History.
The school started by Hindu Educational Organisation in 1971 with a strength of 171. It has risen to be a senior secondary school and junior college with a strength of more than 2,500 students with classes from lower kindergarten to +2.
The Managing Committee of the Hindu High School started the Hindu Higher Secondary School for Boys (the Present Hindu Senior Secondary School and Junior College) in 1971 with Classes VI and VII.
The institution provides for the learning of four languages - Tamil (the regional language), Hindi (the national language), English (the international language) and Sanskrit (Indian classical language).
The Primary Section with Classes IV and V was opened in 1973. In 1974 classes I to III were opened and the school was converted into a co-educational institution. In June 1975, the Primary Department was a full fledged institution with the addition of LKG and UKG and the Classes VI to XI (the then Higher Secondary) was affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education.
The school, which was accommodated in the HEO Hostel building at the beginning, has been shifted to the new building from June 1974 at 83 Big Street.
The 10+2+3 pattern of education was introduced in 1976-77 with the first batch for X Std, and the last year for XI std. (Higher Secondary).
The present Principal of the school is Shri. J. Srinivasa Ragavan
Features of school.
All the three languages (English, Hindi, Tamil/Sanskrit) are taught at the same level, thus giving an opportunity for students to have equal proficiency in these languages. They can also learn music and dance.
School facilities include internet, computers and LCD projector. Students can join NCC(National Cadet Corps), JRC(Junior Red Cross), Scouts and Guides, Cubs and Bulbuls, and Karuna Club.
Yoga from Classes VI to XII and simple physical exercise for the lower classes is compulsory.
Students are given various opportunities to participate in competitions conducted by reputed organisations. The school has a highly educated faculty. Teachers handling the classes IX-XII have completed the Master degree in the particular field

</doc>
<doc id="9851235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851235" title="Dissenters' March">
Dissenters' March

The Dissenters' March () was a series of Russian opposition protests that took place on December 16, 2006 in Moscow, on March 3, 2007 in Saint Petersburg, on March 24 in Nizhny Novgorod, on April 14 for the second time in Moscow, on April 15 again in Saint Petersburg, on May 18 in Samara, and on May 19 in Chelyabinsk. Some of them were featured in various media outlets.
It was preceded by opposition rallies in Russian cities in December 2005 which involved fewer people.
Most of the protests were unsanctioned. Usually the authorities of the cities where the march was expected to take place have proposed protesters to meet at some more peripheral place and forbade processions. However, according to Russian legislation, organizers of a march should merely inform the authorities of the upcoming event and do not need a sanction, while the authorities have no right to prohibit a march in the specific places where it has been planned by the opposition, and demonstrators have usually defied the ban (apart from the rally in Saint Petersburg on April 15, 2007).
Since 2009, instead of dissenters marches, Russian opposition has held Strategy-31 rallies, though some of them have been accompanied by attempts of processions.
Marches.
Moscow, December 16, 2006.
The first march of the series took place in Moscow on December 16, 2006.
Saint Petersburg, March 3, 2007.
The first march in Saint Petersburg took place on Saturday, March 3, 2007.
Political context and organization.
Taking place a year before the presidential election scheduled on March 2, 2008, the St. Petersburg protest also came ahead of the local elections to the Saint Petersburg Legislative Assembly to be held on March 11, 2007. While leaders of Communist party and democratic Union of Right Forces which were going to contest for votes didn't take part in the march (as well as other major parties), the action was joined by St. Petersburg department of social-liberal party Yabloko which had been eliminated from the upcoming local legislative election for technical reasons earlier in February.Election Commission To Review Yabloko Case by Galina Stolyarova, The St. Petersburg Times, 9 February 2007.</ref>
The unsanctioned protest rally was organized by The Other Russia, a broad umbrella group that includes both left and right-wing opposition leaders, including National Bolshevik Party with its leader Eduard Limonov, far-left Vanguard of Red Youth, and far-left Workers' Party of Viktor Anpilov, as well as right-wing liberal people such as former world chess champion and United Civil Front leader Garry Kasparov and former Prime Minister of Russia and People Democratic Union leader Mikhail Kasyanov. Sergey Gulyayev, Mikhail Amosov and Natalya Yevdokimova, Democratic faction deputies in the Saint Petersburg Legislative Assembly who represented Yabloko, and Maxim Reznik, leader of the party in Saint Petersburg, took part in the protest, as well as other Saint Petersburg citizens of different ages and political persuasions. Gulyayev was elected chairman of the organizing committee.
Preventive countermeasures.
Governor Valentina Matviyenko, appearing on Channel 5 news bulletins on Friday evening (March 2), warned people not to join those she called extremists. Warnings were broadcast on public address systems in the underground advising people to stay away from the rally.
The police raided apartments of Saint Petersburg opposition activists early on Saturday morning and quite a few were pulled out of trains heading for St. Petersburg from Petrozavodsk and Murmansk.
Number of demonstrators.
The rally became one of the biggest demonstrations of the opposition in recent years.
Police stated that 800 participated in the march. According to correspondent of Vedomosti newspaper, there were more than 2,000 participants. Interfax news agency estimated the number of participant between 2,000 and 3,000. Saint Petersburg internet newspaper Fontanka.ru wrote that from 2,000 to 5,000 took part in the march. Newsru reported that the rally collected about 4,000 to 6,000 demonstrators. According to claims by Garry Kasparov the total number was around 6,000 protestors. On the article written at "Daily Journal" (ej.ru), Garry Kasparov stated that he believes around 7,000 individuals were taking part in the March, and on Nevsky Prospect, the main avenue of St. Petersburg, around 4,500 marched. Liberal opposition news website Grani.ru alleged that around 8,000–10,000 were participating in the march. The largest number was claimed by the leader of NDSM, Yulia Malysheva, who claimed there were 15,000 participants.
Russian police dispersed the protesters, detaining 113 people. According to police, all of the detainees were released shortly except for two bodyguards of Eduard Limonov, who got 15 days of arrest for "organization of mass disorders". Most of the detainees were convicted and given money penalties.
Course of events.
Despite the fact that the organizers had been denied permission for the rally by the city authorities, several thousand people defied the ban, facing about 3,000 police officers and OMON summoned up from St. Petersburg, the Republic of Karelia, Pskov, and Vladimir. They broke through several OMON cordons and marched from the Oktyabrsky Concert Hall down the city's main avenue, Nevsky Prospekt, as far as Gostiny Dvor and the building of the pre-1917 Saint Petersburg City Duma. Dozens of people were beaten by OMON with truncheons. Initially the protesters were going to march from Vosstaniya Square to Smolny, where the Saint Petersburg City Administration resides, but changed their plans on the fly, in direct violation of the law. Automobile traffic was blocked by the police cordons and protesters.
In a speech addressed to the marchers, Kasparov told the crowd, "This is our first real victory. I congratulate you on overcoming your fear. We will have victory when we get our Russia back. We have 364 days before the election in 2008."
After his speech, Kasparov declared the march to be over and stated that everyone should leave. At the same time, Michail Kasyanov left the march on a blue minibus.
People shouted "Russia without Putin!", "Shame!", "Give the elections back!", "This is our city!" and "Out with the corrupt authorities!" as well as slogans against the Gazprom City skyscraper construction project. They called for the dismissal of Governor Matviyenko, a close Putin ally, accusing her of corruption and interference with small businesses in favor of large state-owned corporations.
Tatyana Voltskaya, a journalist working for "Radio Free Europe" who witnessed the protest, said, "When I came I saw a very tight police cordon. The police had left only two very narrow corridors for people. I would say that to be inside it was very unsafe because of a possible stampede. Police officers were speaking through megaphones. They urged people to leave the square and not to disturb the public order. It was not possible to hear what they were saying because the crowd was shouting ‘Disgrace, disgrace!'"
Resolutions adopted by the March included: demands on federal policy (to allow opposition to participate in elections, reforms of judiciary, trials against corruptioners, restoration of direct gubernatorial elections abolished on Vladimir Putin's initiative in 2005); protests against actions of St. Petersburg Governor (mayor) Valentina Matviyenko and demands to dismiss her; and a block of social claims (such as usage of the stabilization fund to pay for people's lost Soviet deposits and--> to enhance pensions, or demonopolizing the market of public transportation).
Sergey Gulyayev, a member of the Saint Petersburg Legislative Assembly, said, "The government is afraid of the slightest disturbance. The government is fragile and scared, and will collapse with one push." Interior Ministry police moved through the protesters, taking Gulyayev's bullhorn, throwing it against a nearby building, and putting Gulyayev into a squad car in a headlock. As they did so protesters chanted, "Shame! Shame!"
Official reaction and media coverage.
Valentina Matviyenko called the protesters "guest stars from Moscow" and "youths of extremist persuasion", accusing them of stirring turmoil ahead of the legislative elections, venting their discontent with the city's perceived dynamic development, and receiving financial support from dubious sources, such as imprisoned Mikhail Khodorkovsky and emigrated Boris Berezovsky.
Since February 27, 2007 the official website of Dissenters' March has been DDoS-attacked several times.
According to Garry Kasparov, the major informational resource of the March was the radio station "Echo of St. Petersburg", which informed people in a timely manner on the progress of the march.
The march was covered on BBC, CNN and EuroNews. On Russian television the event was most fully described on national channel Ren-TV. The pictures showed violent clashes of OMON with protesters.
Gazprom Media-owned NTV gave only a brief account of the event (Photo), and in a special report about strategies of contention of the major parties prior to elections mentioned the March as a minor political event (Video).
Channel One described the rally as "a clash with police, provoked by hooligans".
State-owned Russia channel reported on the March: "Authorities of St. Petersburg called an attempt to carry out unsanctioned action of protest in centre of the city a provocation. Radicals of all kinds — from fascists to leftists, calling themselves "uncompromising opposition", carried out the 'March of the Discontented' at Nevsky. The Governor of the "Northern Capital" Valentina Matviyenko has issued assurances that it was backed by the people who are against the political stability in the city before elections." "Valentina Matviyenko was outraged that organizers of the March called on the people to bring children and old men with them; many did so. Ranks of marching people completely blocked traffic at Ligovsky Prospect. Despite precautions and appeals to break up, the mass of extremist persuasion moved to Nevsky, provoking militia to use force."
Nizhny Novgorod, March 24, 2007.
The protest in Nizhny Novgorod scheduled for March 24 was banned by the city authorities and effectively prevented by police, as many of its leaders and expected participants had been arrested in advance and cordons had sealed off the expected meeting place, Gorky Square. Many OMON (riot police) troops arrived there from other regions of Russia. Although a group of protesters defying the ban managed to get through the barriers, they all have been detained. In all, 102 people were detained during the protest at the square or on their way there according to the official figures, 11 of them from Moscow, 6 from St. Petersburg and one from Latvia.
Moscow, April 14, 2007, and Saint Petersburg, April 15, 2007.
Moscow.
On Saturday, April 14, 2007, dissenters marched in central Moscow.
Roughly 9,000 police and OMON (riot police) forces were deployed in Moscow on Saturday according to the official figures, outnumbering the demonstrators by far. The troops arrived from Ryazan Oblast, Kaluga Oblast, Voronezh Oblast, Rostov Oblast, Lipetsk Oblast, Tver Oblast, North Ossetia, Udmurtia, Mordovia, Bashkortostan, and Mariy-El.Russia: Opposition Rallies Met With Massive Police Force, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 16 April 2007.</ref>
Former Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov, libertarian economist and former economic policy adviser to President Vladimir Putin Andrey Illarionov, National Bolshevik Party leader Eduard Limonov, former world chess champion and United Civil Front leader Garry Kasparov, screenwriter Viktor Shenderovich, opposition State Duma deputy Vladimir Ryzhkov, Union of Right Forces leader Nikita Belykh, as well as Georgy Satarov, Irina Hakamada, and many others took part in the rally.
Demonstrators were going to start the march at Pushkin Square, a prominent public space, but were denied permission by the authorities as Molodaya Gvardiya, youth wing of United Russia, had been given a permission to meet there for the same time. The authorities suggested the march organizers to hold their rally at Turgenev Square, a more peripheral spot. The pro-Kremlin youth group, which had obtained the permit in order to deny the central square to the protesters, did not hold a rally there, but the square was cordoned off by police on the night before the protest.Dissenters Crushed by Ekaterina Savina and Andrei Kozenko, Kommersant, 16 April 2007."Марш несогласных" застрял в очереди by Ekaterina Savina and Yulia Sukhonina, Kommersant, 3 April 2007."Марш несогласных" остался несогласованным by Andrey Kozenko, Kommersant, 10 April 2007.</ref>
Defying the ban, participants of the anti-government protest, however, attempted to march about 2 km along the Boulevard Ring from Pushkin Square to Turgenev Square. Police dispersed about a half of them on their way there and detained some people, including Garry Kasparov, Yabloko youth wing leader Ilya Yashin, Yes! Youth Movement leader Maria Gaidar, Vanguard of Red Youth leader Sergei Udaltsov, People Democratic Youth Union leader Yuliya Malysheva, and National Bolshevik Party leader Eduard Limonov. Kasparov yelled out of a police van to a Canadian television crew "Tell your leaders this is a police state!" Police attempted, but failed to detain Mikhail Kasyanov, surrounded with bodyguards. Protesters chanted: "We need another Russia!", "Russia without Putin!", "No to the police state!", "Beasts! Fascists! Shame!", "This is our city!" From about 1,000 to 2,500 demonstrators managed to get through several OMON cordons and reach Turgenev Square, where Mikhail Kasyanov gave a speech. Kasyanov claimed that the protesters will seek free and fair elections.Former Chess Champion Is Arrested at Protest March in Moscow by Andrew E. Kramer and Michael Schwirtz, The New York Times, 15 April 2007.Police Detain Kasparov at Moscow March by Mike Eckel, The Guardian, 14 April 2007.Political activists, police spar in Moscow by David Holley, The Los Angeles Times, 15 April 2007.Dissenters Crushed by Ekaterina Savina and Andrei Kozenko, Kommersant, 16 April 2007.</ref>
As the demonstration ended, the remaining participants headed for the nearby metro station, but riot police formed a gauntlet on their way. Scores of demonstrators was beaten by police with truncheons and detained, as well as Russian and foreign journalists covering the event and passersby.Russia: Opposition Rallies Met With Massive Police Force, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 16 April 2007.A Reporter’s Story: I Was Locked Up by David Nowak, The St. Petersburg Times, 17 April 2007.Political activists, police spar in Moscow by David Holley, The Los Angeles Times, 15 April 2007.</ref> According to police, about 170 or 250 protesters were detained during the event.
Kasparov was fined 1,000 rubles (about $40) by a court late in the evening and released.
Andrey Illarionov, former economic policy adviser to President Vladimir Putin and now a participant of the rally, claimed later on Saturday in an interview to the Echo of Moscow radio station that the authorities' treatment of the march had to be considered a criminal offense under Article 31 of the Russian Constitution.Политическое значение "Марша несогласных". Россия при Путине: мнения Бориса Березовского и Андрея Илларионова by Mikhail Sokolov, Svobodanews.ru, 16 April 2007.</ref>
The Moscow authorities called the protest attempt at provocation, successfully contained by the police.
Saint Petersburg.
The Sunday, April 15, 2007, rally in Saint Petersburg was organized for the second time in the city by the local subdivision of the Other Russia organization, led by Sergey Gulyayev, and supported by the local branch of Yabloko and its leader Maxim Reznik. This time the city authorities sanctioned the rally to be held between the noon and 2 p. m., but nevertheless refused to permit protesters to march to City Hall. President Vladimir Putin visited the city on the night before the event together with former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and American film actor of Belgian origin Jean-Claude Van Damme to watch a martial arts contest, but did not comment on the protest. Berlusconi noted that the number of anti-Putin protesters had been exaggerated by the media.
Reaction.
On Sunday evening, Russia TV Channel broadcast a shortened and recut version of a French documentary alleging that the recent revolutions in Eastern Europe (Serbia, Georgia and Ukraine) had been masterminded by the U.S. government, which had been heavily advertised and has been perceived by many as an effort to counter effects of the Saturday and Sunday protests. The protests themselves enjoyed little attention from the state-owned television channels.
In an interview on Russia Today TV aired on April 17, President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov called Dissenters Marches of the weekend extremely insignificant.
On April 16, European Commission spokeswoman Christiane Hohmann expressed concern over the police response and said that EU foreign ministers would raise the issue at talks with Russia in Luxembourg next week. U.S. White House spokeswoman Dana Perino also voiced concern over "an emerging pattern of use of excessive force" by the authorities with special reference to police's treatment of journalists.
However, opinions varied. On April 21, pro-Kremlin political analyst Gleb Pavlovsky claimed in his weekly program Real Politics aired on NTV that the OMON troops that had dispersed the protesters last week were to be considered heroes.
May 29, 2007: Voronezh.
A smaller march was held in Voronezh on May 29, 2007.
According to Garry Kasparov the authorities took maximum efforts to break the march and fulfilled their goals. The destination of the March was planned to be on Lenina Square in city center, but at the last hours city authorities transferred the meeting to Admiralteiskaya Square. Around 40 participants started movement from the city center. By 6:30 pm OMON had displaced the participants from the square and cleaned it.
November, 2007: Saint Petersburg and Moscow.
Other marches took place on November 24 in Moscow (5th), on November 25 in Saint Petersburg (4th), and in several smaller cities.
Police broke up anti-Putin demonstrations in Moscow, detaining former world chess champion Garry Kasparov, who had become an outspoken critic of the government. Kasparov was sentenced on Saturday to five days imprisonment for organising an unsanctioned rally and refusing to obey police orders. He told reporters the charges were "unfounded" and accused the Russian leader of having recourse to scare tactics. In Saint-Petersburg
Russian authorities geared for fresh protests on Sunday.
Human rights activist Lev Ponomarev, who was also arrested, accused the authorities of a "completely exaggerated reaction".
The Moscow march of November 24 was accompanied by actions in Ryazan, Kaluga, Rostov-on-Don and Nizhniy Novgorod.
On November 25 marches took part in Saint-Petersburg, where hundreds gathered as police moved in to make arrests, and also in Yaroslavl and Vladimir.

</doc>
<doc id="9851240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851240" title="Radio (Naked City album)">
Radio (Naked City album)

Radio is the fourth studio album by the band Naked City, and their first to be composed entirely by bandleader John Zorn. The album was also released as part of "" on Tzadik Records in 2005.
"Radio" marked a return to the eclectic, "jump cut" style of the band's 1989 debut album. The liner notes cite a wide range of musical influences including Charles Mingus, Little Feat, Ruins, Booker T. and the M.G.'s, Colin Wilson, Albert King, Chuck Brown, Orchestra Baobab, the Accüsed, the Meters, Tony Williams' Lifetime, Anton Webern, Sammy Cahn, Frank Sinatra, Morton Feldman, Igor Stravinsky, the Melvins, Beatmasters, Septic Death, Abe Schwartz, Ivo Papasov, Naftule Brandwein, Repulsion, Led Zeppelin, Bernard Herrmann, Santana, Extreme Noise Terror, Conway Twitty, Siege, Ornette Coleman, Corrosion of Conformity, Massacre, Quincy Jones, Sam Fuller, Funkadelic, Carcass, Liberace, Jan Hammer, Eddie Blackwell, Charlie Haden, Mick Harris, Carole King, Red Garland, Boredoms, Jerry Reed, SPK and Roger Williams in addition to Zorn's previously identified touchstones.
Reception.
In his 4 star review for the Allmusic website, Maurice Rickard states "Several genres and bands are skillfully evoked... and helpfully listed in the liner notes in order of occurrence. Jazz, surf, R&B, death metal, funk, acid rock, and serialism are grafted together in this collection, often into the same song, and the band shifts genres, tempos, and arrangements on a dime. Supposedly, Radio was conceived as a set for a college radio program, making it a kind of "Young Person's Guide to Naked City," beginning with accessible tunes, gradually building up listener tolerance to dissonance, and finally sandbagging the listener with evil blasts of dissonant metallic noise and convincing perpetrator-and-victim screaming". 
Liner Notes.
Inspiration/Refer (note: this list corresponds to the above track listing)

</doc>
<doc id="9851246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851246" title="KURK">
KURK

KURK is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada, broadcasting on 92.9 FM. KURK airs a classic rock music format branded as "The Bandit" under the ownership of Wilks Broadcasting, who announced on May 9, 2014, that its selling the station to Educational Media Foundation, where it will be converted to non-commercial status and become a satellite affiliate of EMF's Air1 Christian Rock network. The Classic Rock format of 92.9 will then move to soon -former sister station KMXW. The station also broadcasts on 93.1 FM in "the Carson Valley".
Translators.
KURK also broadcasts on the following translator:

</doc>
<doc id="9851256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851256" title="Diego Peretti">
Diego Peretti

Diego Peretti (born February 25, 1963) is an Argentine actor, screenwriter and former psychiatrist.
Peretti was born in Buenos Aires, and practiced as a psychiatrist for fourteen years. He took part in several movies and TV series, including the 2004 romantic comedy "No sos vos, soy yo", and "Los Simuladores" a popular TV series aired on Telefé. He starred opposite Carolina Peleritti in "¿Quién dice que es fácil?", and, drawing on his background in psychiatry for a number of roles, has starred in a number of crime dramas, including "El fondo del mar" ("The Bottom of the Ocean", 2004), "Tiempo de valientes" ("A Time for Valor", 2005), and "La Señal" ("The Signal", 2007).
In 2012, he is starring "En terapia", the local adaptation of In Treatment aired on TV Pública, the public channel managed by the National Government.
Filmography.
Cinema
TV series

</doc>
<doc id="9851286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851286" title="Proserpinus clarkiae">
Proserpinus clarkiae

Clark's Sphinx ("Proserpinus clarkiae") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from British Columbia and Washington south through California to Baja California, east to Idaho, Wyoming and Utah. The habitat consists of oak woodland and pine-oak woodland in foothills.
The wingspan is 30–38 mm. The forewing underside basal orange colour is vestigial or absent. The hindwing upperside is pale-orange or yellowish and the marginal band of the hindwing is black.
Adults are on wing from mid March to June in one generation per year. They feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Salvia columbariae", "Asclepias cordifolia", "Ribes aureum", "Dichelostemma capitatum", "Clarkia", "Vicia", "Cirsium" and "Stachys" species.
The larvae feed on "Clarkia unguiculata".

</doc>
<doc id="9851295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851295" title="Frontenac Axis">
Frontenac Axis

The Frontenac Axis is an exposed strip of Precambrian rock in Canada and the United States that links the Canadian Shield with the Adirondack mountain range in New York, an extension of the Laurentian mountains of Québec. The axis separates the St. Lawrence Lowlands and the Great Lakes Lowlands. It has many distinctive plant and animal species. It is one of four ecoregions of the Mixedwood Plains. For the main entry on this topic see Thousand Islands-Frontenac Arch.

</doc>
<doc id="9851315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851315" title="Tristine Skyler">
Tristine Skyler

Tristine Skyler is an American playwright, screenwriter, and producer. She was born and raised in New York City, and graduated Cum Laude from Princeton University. She began her career as an actor and has performed on television, in the movies as well as in the theater. She is the sister of Edward Skyler, former Deputy Mayor of Operations for Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who is now Executive Vice President of Global Affairs for Citigroup.
In 2005, the actress Julia Stiles hired her to adapt Sylvia Plath's iconic novel "The Bell Jar" for the screen. She has since written screenplays for Killer Films, Paramount Pictures, and Miramax. She is executive producing a film adaptation of Robert Kanigel's acclaimed biography "The Man Who Knew Infinity- A Life of the Genius Ramanujan" about the self-taught Indian math genius Srinivasa Ramanujan with Dev Patel set to star. 
In November 2011 it was announced that she will co-write with Scarlett Johansson, who will also direct, an adaptation of Truman Capote's lost novella "Summer Crossing" which was rediscovered and published in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9851324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851324" title="Pecan Bowl">
Pecan Bowl

Pecan Bowl, a postseason college football bowl game, was first played at Shotwell Stadium located in Abilene, Texas. The first game took place in December 1964, and was played there each year until 1968, when the location was moved to Arlington, Texas. One of four regional playoff bowls of the NCAA College Division football plan, it was not classified as a major bowl. Since 1981, the NCAA Division I FCS Playoff Midwest Regional Championship (National Quarterfinal) is commonly referred to as the Pecan Bowl in honor of its College Division heritage. The game is played at the highest remaining seed in the Midwest Region with the winner advancing to the NCAA Division I FCS Playoff Final Four (National Semifinal). 
College Division Results.
Year - Winner - Score - Runner-Up - Site - Attendance

</doc>
<doc id="9851328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851328" title="Call Me (Petula Clark song)">
Call Me (Petula Clark song)

"Call Me" is a song composed by Tony Hatch for Petula Clark which became an easy listening standard via a hit version by Chris Montez.
"Call Me" first appeared as the title cut on a Petula Clark EP released in 1965 by Pye in the UK. "Call Me" and the three other tracks on the EP: "Heart", "Everything in the Garden" and "Strangers and Lovers" were also released on Clark's album "I Know a Place" (aka "The New Petula Clark Album").
Also in 1965 Chris Montez, who had scored the hit "Let's Dance" in 1962 and subsequently dropped out of the music business, was invited to resume recording by A&M Records' founder Herb Alpert. Alpert was unhappy when Montez began recording for A&M in his previous Chicano rock style and personally suggested Montez shift to easy listening choosing "Call Me" as the song to be Montez's debut single on A&M. Released in November 1965, "Call Me" entered the Easy Listening Top 40 in "Billboard" that December entering the "Billboard" Hot 100 in January 1966; that March "Call Me" peaked on the Easy Listening chart at #2 and on the Hot 100 at #22.
Montez's version of "Call Me" was released as a single in the UK on the Pye label in January 1966 but failed to chart: "Call Me" was also a non-charting UK single release in 1966 for Lulu.
Georgia Gibbs recorded "Call Me" as the title cut for her final album released in 1966. Other versions of "Call Me" have been recorded by Shirley Bassey, Vikki Carr, Eliane Elias, Astrud Gilberto, Peggy Lee, Trini Lopez, Mimì Bertè Martini, the New Classic Singers, Frank Sinatra, Nancy Sinatra, Joanie Sommers and Nancy Wilson and the rock group Los Tijuana Five (Mexico). In October 2007, as part of his album "Romancing the '60s", Frankie Valli also covered this song.
Instrumental recordings of "Call Me" are often used as background music in radio and television. In 1973 Bell Telephone utilized the song "Call Me" as the company's advertising jingle.

</doc>
<doc id="9851331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851331" title="John Liddell">
John Liddell

John Liddell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9851353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851353" title="Jérôme Clavier">
Jérôme Clavier

Jérôme Clavier (born 3 May 1983 in Chambray-lès-Tours) is a French pole vaulter.
Biography.
He finished sixth at the 2002 World Junior Championships, seventh at the 2003 Summer Universiade and sixth at the 2007 European Indoor Championships. He competed at the World Indoor Championships in 2004 and 2006 without reaching the finals.
His personal best is 5.75 metres, achieved in 9 July 2008 in Karlsruhe. He has a better indoor result with 5.85 m,21 January 2011 Villeurbanne.

</doc>
<doc id="9851381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851381" title="Moreh, India">
Moreh, India

Moreh is an ethnic Kuki & Meitei inhabited town with a sizeable population of Tamil, Nepali, Muslims in Chandel district in the Indian state of Manipur. It is a rapidly developing and an important trade point in India on the border with Myanmar, with the town of Tamu being close to the border. Already being a huge commercial hub, economists suggests that Moreh town could transform into another bustling city in the next couple of decades. Moreh today is known as the commercial capital of the state. Also called India's Gateway to South-East Asia.
In 2007, according to The Economist, Moreh is to gain a branch railway via Imphal.
The Indo-Myanmar Friendship Bridge in Moreh connects India to Kalewa in Myanmar's Sagaing Division. The highway on the Myanmar side is intended to run up to Mandalay but it is in bad shape. Indian planners hope the rail link to Moreh will eventually be connected to the Myanmar railway system allowing onward connectivity to Thailand and China.
Economy.
Moreh play key role in the development of economy of the state. There are 40 (forty) tradable items under Barter Trade mechanism through Moreh (India-Myanmar Border). Major exportable items include cement, engineering goods, transport equipment, motor cycles, iron and steels, medicine, chemicals and allied products, cotton yarn, etc. The major items now imported from Myanmar through barter mechanism are betel nuts, turmeric, red kidney beans (Rajma), kuth roots, gram, resin, dry ginger, etc. The volume of trade at Moreh-Tamu Border Point in 2001-02 was ` 95.48 million and in 2009-10 ` 298.19 million - an average increase of 39% p.a. Further, Ministry of Finance, Govt. of India has also cleared the operational of "Normal Trade" through Land Customs Station, Moreh.
India’s “Look East” Policy and several new measures taken by both the Central and State Governments to promote and enhanced trade link with SE Asia, provide Manipur with a competitive advantage. In recognition of the potential of Moreh, the Government of India has notified an ICP at Moreh.
Integrated Check Post (ICP) Moreh.
The proposed ICP will facilitate speedy movement of export-import consignments and redress the inconveniences suffered by general public in the emerging scenario of India’s Look East Policy. State Govt. has identified 45.50 acres of land near Gate No.1 within Customs notified area. RITES, a Central Public Sector undertaking have prepared a DPR for Moreh ICP costing ` 136 crores and is under the process of implementation.
The proposed centre shall have (i) Immigration Department, (ii) local Police including Women Constables for immediate security, (iii) Land Customs Department, (iv) Customs Preventive Department, (v) Forests, (vi) Narcotics & Drug Control Department, (vii) Postal Department, (viii) Bank Counter, (ix) Telecom, (x) Animal Quarantine, (xi) Plant Quarantine, (xii) Quality Certification Inspection Agencies/Export Promotion Councils, (xiii) Trade Facilitation Counter and Trade related Public Bodies, (xiv) Food Testing Lab, (xv) Truck Parking facility, (xvi) Staff Quarters, basic amenities such as Canteen, Truck Drivers’ Rest House, etc.
Remarks.
Moreh is border town with Myanmar. The border town is a transit point for trafficking the drugs onwards to the international market via Manipur.
Road to Thailand.
India’s foreign minister met with Myanmar’s construction minister in Delhi on the 22nd Feb 2012, and spoke about opening a highway between Moreh, in India, and the Myanmar-Thai border near Mae Sot.
Indian Prime minister Manmohan Singh and U Thein Sein have set a deadline of 2016 to provide trilateral road connectivity, that would make it possible to drive from India to Thailand via Myanmar.
Trans-Asian Railway.
Currently (2012), all freight traffic originating from Asia destined for Europe goes by sea. The Trans-Asian Railway will enable containers from Singapore, China, Vietnam, Cambodia, India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand and Korea to travel over land by train to Europe. The Southern Corridor of the Trans-Asian Railway is of prime interest to India. It connects Yunnan in China and Thailand with Europe via Turkey and passes through India.
There is a general understanding between India and Myanmar that their railways will be interconnected via a 346-km line section that will extend from Kalay in Myanmar to Jiribam in India via the border point at Tamu/Moreh, India.
The proposed route will enter India through Tamu and Moreh, then enter Bangladesh through Mahisasan and Shahbajpur and again enter India from Bangladesh at Gede. On the western side, the line will enter Pakistan at Attari. There is a missing link on this route in the India-Myanmar sector; of this, , in India, is between Jiribam in Manipur and Tamu, Burma in Myanmar. The rail link between Jiribam and Tapul/Imphal has been sanctioned by Indian Railways, but that is unlikely to be completed before 2016. In 2011, construction work is in progress in a stretch between Jiribam and Tupul/Imphal. India's Ministry Railway has also approved the Tapul/Imphal to Moreh, India/Tamu, Burma link.

</doc>
<doc id="9851394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851394" title="High Steaks">
High Steaks

High Steaks is a 1961 cartoon directed by Gene Deitch and produced by William L. Snyder, released in early 1962. The cartoon was the fourth of thirteen cartoons made in Czechoslovakia after original creators William Hanna and Joseph Barbera had left MGM to work for television. The title is a pun on the phrase "High stakes".
Plot.
Tom and his owner are grilling steaks but troubles arises when Jerry wants a steak 
Summary.
Tom's owner, Clint Clopper (resembling Mr. Krupp from "Captain Underpants"), is grilling steaks in his backyard. The steak's scent reaches Jerry, who is aroused by it and is led to the steak. He tries to eat it but is captured by Tom, who uses his grill fork to catapult him back into the house. Jerry then returns with his own grill fork to retrieve the steak, and uses the fork to poke Tom. Tom and Jerry then start to duel with the grill forks. When Tom tries to charge, Jerry moves out of they way and Tom ends up poking Clint's rear and in anger he squeezes the cat's head with a grill basket, until he becomes flat.
Jerry next hides in a badminton shuttlecock and tries to sneak onto the table, but Tom hits him with a racket. The shuttlecock gets caught in the net and rebounds into Clopper's mouth. Angry and red-faced, he breaks the racket in over Tom's head and he returns to grill again. The racket flips over for a few seconds to hit him again. Tom then tries to stop Jerry from opening a freshly shaken bottle of Kooky Kola (a parody of Coca-Cola), but he is too late; the soda ruins one of Clopper's steaks, so Tom gets punished by gulping down a second shaken bottle. Once Tom recovers, he chases Jerry across the yard only to be distracted by the another steak. As Tom continues to look for Jerry while grilling the steak, Jerry then traps Tom's tail in the grill.
As Tom tries to get his tail unstuck, he screams in pain and starts running as his tail is still hooked on the grill, Tom first knocks over the table which causes Clopper to get angry and after a few seconds, Tom knocks Clopper off his chair. As Tom continues running, he dives into the swimming pool to cool off, but when he tries to get out he fall back in the water due to his tail still being stuck to the grill. Clopper, already fed up with Tom, rescues him and after an off screen trashing, ties him to a lounge chair so that Tom will stay out of trouble. Jerry hooks the chair to the rear bumper of a passing car at a stop light just before the car drives away, in moving away the chair with Tom, a happy Jerry has already said goodbye, goes back to the food table. Finally, Clopper goes back to his grilling in peace, and Jerry reaches the table and finally starts eating one of the steaks.

</doc>
<doc id="9851401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851401" title="Wilmington High School">
Wilmington High School

Wilmington High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9851403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851403" title="DEFA Film Library">
DEFA Film Library

The DEFA Film Library at the University of Massachusetts Amherst is the only archive and research center outside of Germany devoted to a broad spectrum of filmmaking from and related to former East Germany and the GDR. The nonprofit organization houses an extensive collection of 35- and 16mm prints, DVDs, books, periodicals and articles. Students are involved in all aspects of the archive’s research, outreach and teaching activities and also gain valuable non-academic experience in subtitling and library, conference and arts management. In order to fulfill its dual mission—to make DEFA (Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft) films available and better known, and to broaden understanding of filmmaking in the GDR by interdisciplinary critical scholarship—the DEFA Film Library undertakes a range of scholarly and support activities.
About the DEFA Film Library.
History.
The DEFA Film Library at UMass Amherst was founded by Barton Byg, professor of film and German Studies at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, in the late 1980s. The signing of an UMass memorandum on September 23, 1993 marks the DEFA Film Library’s official founding. Byg’s idea was to make films from the East German DEFA Studios more available and widely known in North America and to broaden popular and scholarly understanding of filmmaking in the GDR by critically exploring its aesthetic, political and ideological bases.
DEFA stands for Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft. Founded a year after the end of World War II, it ultimately comprised a group of coordinated, state-run film studios, including, for example, the DEFA Feature and Documentary Film Studios, the Studio for Animation Films, etc. After the fall of the Berlin Wall on November 9, 1989, and the Unification of Germany the following year, it was not clear what would happen to the over 7,500 DEFA films that had been made between 1946 and 1992, as the film rights had belonged to the now-defunct former GDR.
As the post-unification fate of East Germany’s film heritage was being decided across the Atlantic, the DEFA Film Library’s collection grew bit by bit. In 1997, an agreement with two German partners—Progress Film-Verleih and the precursor to the DEFA Foundation—brought a collection of East German film journals and the largest collection of 16mm and 35mm prints of DEFA films outside of Germany to the UMass Amherst campus. Also housed in the DEFA Film Library archive are 16mm prints that were donated by the US-GDR Friendship Committee and the former East German Embassy in addition to theatrical films, this part of the collection includes films that were made specifically to report on and represent the GDR overseas. In 1998, ICESTORM International Inc., which owned the international video rights for DEFA films, brought East German titles on video to North America. ICESTORM and the DEFA Film Library collaborated on the selection of 61 titles for the first U.S. release of subtitled DEFA films on video in 1999. On October 1, 2001, the DEFA Film Library took over the distribution of these titles for ICESTORM International. Since 2003, the DEFA Film Library has also been involved in subtitling and producing DEFA films for the North American market, in collaboration with ICESTORM and other licensors.
Circulating Print Archive.
The DEFA Film Library’s collection of theatrical film prints has now grown to almost 500 prints and have been screened at venues throughout North America, including: The Museum of Modern Art and the New York Jewish Film Festival in New York; the Harvard Film Archive and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; the American Film Institute and the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles; the Toronto International Film Festival; the Wexner Center for the Arts in Columbus, Ohio; Real Art Ways in Hartford, Connecticut; and Darkside Cinema in Eugene, Oregon.
Most visible have been large-scale touring film series that are co-curated by the DEFA Film Library and various partners and premiere at prestigious cultural institutions. In 2005, The Museum of Modern Art and the Goethe-Institut New York presented the most comprehensive retrospective of East German films ever screened in North America, "Rebels with a Cause: The Cinema of East Germany". In 2009, a series commemorating the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Wall, "WENDE FLICKS: Last Films from East Germany", premiered at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Hammer Museum, the Wende Museum, UCLA and the Goethe-Institut Los Angeles. 
The DEFA Film Library has also curated and hosted the annual film festival at the German Studies Association conference since 2004. (For the list of curated film series, please see below.)
DVD Releases with English Subtitles.
The DEFA Film Library’s current DVD distribution catalog includes 87 (East) German titles, with 6-8 additional titles released every year. Its DVD line strives to complement films with high-quality bonus features and materials for educators. Highlight releases include: 
Research at the DEFA Film Library.
The on-site research collection also includes over 1,000 DVDs and over 400 articles, books and periodicals ("Filmspiegel, Kino DDR, Film und Fernsehen, epd Film, Deutsche Filmkunst"). In addition, the Special Collections department at UMass Amherst’s W.E.B. Du Bois Library owns the collection “Social Change and Movements for Social Change,” which includes a Cold War Culture Collection with an emphasis on East Germany.
Programming for Scholars.
The DEFA Film Library supports an international network of scholars with a range of regular programming that has helped shape national and international research agendas on (East) German cinema. 
Visiting Artists and Scholars.
The DEFA Film Library Filmmaker’s Tours bring German filmmakers to colleges, universities and cultural institutions throughout North America. Featured directors have included Frank Beyer, Jürgen Böttcher, Andreas Dresen, Jörg Foth, Iris Gusner, Helke Misselwitz and Rainer Simon.
Other visiting artists and scholars have included:<br>
Directors: Egon Günther, Thomas Heise, Dietmar Hochmuth, Günter Jordan, Peter Kahane, Bernd Sahling, Evelyn Schmidt, Andreas Voigt, Lothar Warneke. <br>
Film historians and scholars: Monika Albrecht, Seán Allan, Christine Becker, Lothar Bisky, Benita Blessing, Oksana Bulgakova, Burghard Ciesla, Thomas Elsaesser, Thomas Fox, Sabine Hake, Dina Iordanova, Konrad Jarausch, Lars Karl, Heinz Kersten, Mario Kessler, Sylvia Klötzer, Thomas Lindenberger, Claus Löser, Hanno Löwy, Tom Maulucci, Larson Powell, Eric Rentschler, Ralf Schenk, Elke Schieber, Ursula Schröter, Lu Seegers, David Shneer, Frank Stern, Katie Trumpener, Annette Weinke, Johanna Frances Yunker and others.<br>
Scriptwriters: Wolfgang Kohlhaase, Stefan Kolditz, Helga Schubert, and<br>
Composer: Stefan Carow.
Summer Film Institutes.
" Facilitated by Sky Arndt-Briggs, Sara Lennox, Barton Byg and Victoria Rizo Lenshyn (all 
UMass Amherst)"
" Facilitated by Sky Arndt-Briggs, Barton Byg and Evan Torner (all UMass Amherst)"
 "Facilitated by Sabine Hake (UT Austin) and Larson Powell (UMKC)"
 "Facilitated by Barton Byg and Sky Arndt-Briggs (both UMass Amherst)"
"Facilitated by Barton Byg (UMass Amherst) and Katie Trumpener (Yale Univ.)"
" Facilitated by Barton Byg (UMass Amherst), Eric Rentschler (Harvard Univ.) and Katie
Trumpener (Yale Univ.)"
 "Faciliated by Barton Byg (UMass Amherst)"
Curated Film Series.
Awarded! East German Films from Behind the Wall <br>
premiere Gene Siskel Film Center, Chicago <br>
Eight major award-winning films from the GDR in one series, including all the East German titles ever submitted for an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film.
REEL WOMEN in East Germany <br>
premiere at the German Studies Association conference<br>
Recommendations for programmers and teachers interested in the lives and work—including as filmmakers—of women in the GDR. Suggested thematic groupings for film series, classes and research on a range of topics.
FILM+ART+JAZZ = Jürgen Böttcher STRAWALDE <br>
premiere at UMass Amherst <br>
Filmmaker and painter, Böttcher/Strawalde has turned eclectic events and materials into painterly films that are known for their striking visual style. Ten films on art, jazz, and Berlin.
Made in East|West Germany <br>
premiere at Goethe-Institut Boston<br>
A joint effort pairing West German films (Goethe-Institut Boston) and East German films (DEFA Film Library) to explore similarities and differences in treatments of a shared past.
WENDE FLICKS: Last Films from East Germany <br>
premiere at Los Angeles County Museum of Art & Hammer Museum, Los Angeles <br>
9 feature and 4 documentary films made by the last generation of GDR filmmakers in the years surrounding the fall of the Wall and German unification. Organized in collaboration with The Wende Museum, L.A.
REBELS WITH A CAUSE: The Cinema of East Germany <br> 
premiere at the Museum of Modern Art, New York <br>
The most comprehensive retrospective of East German cinema ever screened in the US, co-curated in collaboration with the MoMA and Goethe-Institut New York. 21 films reflect on the politic of filmmaking in the GDR.
Shadows and Sojourners: Images of Jews and Antifascism in East German Film <br> 
premiere University of Massachusetts Amherst <br>
The first retrospective representing the intertwined themes of German/Jewish relations, antifascism, anti-Semitism, and the Holocaust in GDR cinema.
Berlin, Divided Heaven: From the Ice Age to the Thaw <br>
premiere at the Northampton International Film Festival <br>
The city of Berlin has had a history unlike any other that is told by 16 films produced in both parts of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9851405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851405" title="Eleven Sons">
Eleven Sons

"Eleven Sons" (German: "Elf Söhne") is a short story by Franz Kafka.
The story begins with a father's declaration: "I have eleven sons." He then goes on to describe each one of them in detail. Kafka told Max Brod: "The eleven sons are quite simply eleven stories I am working on this very moment." The story was written between 1914 and 1917. In 1919 it appeared in "Ein Landarzt. Kleine Erzählungen" ("A Country Doctor"), a collection of Kafka's short stories published by Kurt Wolff (Munich and Leipzig)

</doc>
<doc id="9851410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851410" title="Michael Nakasone">
Michael Nakasone

Michael Nakasone is a Hawaii-born band director, particularly noted for leading the Pearl City High School (Hawaii) Band and currently, the Royal Hawaiian Band.
Early life.
Nakasone was raised in Hilo and enrolled in several public schools in the vicinity, until graduating from Hilo High School. He was a keyboard player for a local rock band during the 1960s. At the University of Hawaii at Manoa, he earned his bachelor's and master's degrees in music education.
Career.
In 1968, Nakasone started his career as a band director at the Wahiawa Intermediate School. He then moved to Mililani High School in 1973, and then taught at the Pearl City High School in 1977. In 1992, he was named director of the PCHS Performing Arts Learning Center. He contributed much to the construction of the Pearl City Cultural Arts Center.
Under Nakasone's direction, the Pearl City Marching Band has performed in the Aloha Festivals Parade (Hawaii), Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade New York, the Tournament of Roses Parade (Pasadena), and the Ginza Parade (Tokyo).
In 2004, Nakasone retired his position as the band director of the Pearl City Marching Band and 37 years with the Hawaii DOE to become the band director of the Royal Hawaiian Band.
As of June 2012, Nakasone has become a band director at Punahou School.
He served as a conductor with the Hawaii Youth Symphony Orchestra until 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9851414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851414" title="Pin insulator">
Pin insulator

A pin insulator consists of a nonconducting material such as porcelain, glass, plastic, polymer, or wood that is formed into a shape that will isolate a wire from a physical support (or "pin") on a telegraph, utility pole or other structure, provide a means to hold the insulator to the pin, and provide a means to secure the conductor to the insulator. By contrast to a strain insulator, the pin insulator is directly connected to the supporting pole. The earliest pin insulators predate the strain insulator and were deployed before about 1830. Pin insulators continue in production with manufacturers worldwide.
The pin insulator is designed to secure the conductor to itself. The most common way to do this is to use a wire to tie the conductor to the insulator. Another method is to design the insulator with self-typing features such as complex slots and grooves formed into the insulator. Finally, for heavy conductors, gravity can be used to hold the conductor in place. 
Pin insulators are almost always deployed in the open air, so isolation when wet is a major consideration. To combat this problem, pin insulators feature extra skirts or wide shells to increase the surface distance between the conductor and the pin.
The "pin" is typically a wooden or metal dowel of about 3 cm diameter with screw threads. The pin insulator has threads so that it can be screwed onto the pin. A typical pin insulator is more than 10 cm in diameter and weighs one kg or more. Size depends on the voltage to be isolated and the weight of span of wire to be supported.
Categorization.
All glass pintype insulators have been assigned a "Consolidated Design" number - or CD number. The CD numbers are hobby-specific for collectors, and is not recognised by insulator manufacturers.
Company embossing.
Some people collect insulators made only by a certain company that (along with bottles and other glass items) made insulators. Some collectors try to obtain one of each of the variety of interesting shapes (these shapes have been categorized into a system attributing a"Consolidated Design" CD number to each style).
Eye-catching impurities.
Insulators, at the time they were being produced, were viewed simply as another tool and were not meant for spectator analysis. Therefore the production of insulators was not usually the prime concern of a glass company making them. These glass items were commonly "sideline" products. Quality control was not always an important concern.
Companies melted glass and poured it into metal molds to make insulators. The temperature of melted/liquid glass is so high that many foreign objects introduced into the molten glass melt down and diffuse through the "batch." Upon cooling, the impurities cause a discoloration in the finished item. Today, many collectors thrill to this lack of quality control since impurities (adding unique character) make a prized possession from what would normally be a common, low valued insulator. UFO's (Unidentified Floating Objects), amber swirls; "milk" swirls; graphite inclusions; two/three-tone insulators; and (rarely) identifiable objects such as nails, pennies, screws, etc. are known to be imprisoned within the glass of an insulator.
Companies.
Possibly the company which produced the most glass insulators during the 19th century and early 20th century in the USA was the Brookfield company. Brookfield must have had poor quality control (or simply did not care!) as Brookfield insulators seem most prone to be found with swirls, etc. . 
The Hemingray Glass company probably made the most variety of colors. A small sampling of colors this company's produced are yellow, golden yellow, butterscotch, glowing orange, amber, whiskey amber, "root beer" amber, orange-amber, red-amber, oxblood, green, lime green, sage green, depression green, emerald green, olive green, Yellow-olive green, aqua, cornflower blue, electric blue, cobalt blue, sapphire blue, glowing peacock blue, and many, many others. These were not produced for their beautiful colors. Rather, the company made these colors so two (or more) companies with their lines strung along the same set of poles would be able to quickly identify which line was theirs by the color of insulator used on those lines. One company may have a string of amber insulators, while another, on the same poles, might have theirs in cobalt blue. They probably had no idea that, close to a hundred years later, these colors would be a main reason why people would collect/display these bright colored pieces of glass.
Other major companies from the USA which can be found embossed on insulators. A few company names found embossed on insulators (and by no means a comprehensive listing) are A T & T, American Insulator, Armstrong, Brookfield, California, Good, Hawley, King City Glass Works (K.C.G.W.), Kerr, Lynchburg, McLaughlin, N.E.G.M Co., Ohio Valley Glass Company (O.V.G.C.), Pyrex, Sterling, Twiggs, Western Flint Glass, Whitall Tatum, and many other names from companies in the States. Canadian companies included Diamond, Dominion, Hamilton Glass Works, G.N.W.TEL. Co.and others. Other manufacturers include Telgraficos Nacionales (Mexico), Zicme (South America), Miva (Italy), Isorex (France), Agee (Australia), and many more.
Although the majority of collectors collect mainly glass insulators, there are a number of people who collect porcelain ones as well. These also come in a vast variety of shapes, sizes and colors.

</doc>
<doc id="9851460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851460" title="Feelix Growing">
Feelix Growing

Feelix Growing is a research project, started on December 1, 2006, that is working to design robots that can detect and respond to human emotional cues. The project involves six countries and 25 roboticists, developmental psychologists and neuroscientists.
The aim of the project was to build robots that "learn from humans and respond in a socially and emotionally appropriate manner". The robots are designed to respond to emotional cues from humans and use them to adapt their own behavior. The project designers wanted to facilitate integration of robots into human society so that they could more easily provide services. The project aims to create robots that can "recognize" a given emotion, such as anger or fear, in a human, and adapt its behavior to the most appropriate response after repeated interactions. Thus the project emphasizes development over time.
Robots are expected to be able to read emotions by picking up on physical cues like movement of body and facial muscles, posture, speed of movement, eyebrow position, and distance between the human and the robot. Project participants want to design the robots to detect those emotional cues that are universal to people, rather than those specific to individuals and cultures.
The robots are made not only to detect emotions in people but also to have their own. According to Dr. Lola Cañamero, who is running the project, "Emotions foster adaptation to environment, so robots would be better at learning things. For example, anything that damages the body would be painful, so a robot would learn not to do it again." Cañamero says that the robots will be given the equivalent of a system of pleasure and pain.
The robots will have artificial neural networks. Rather than building complex hardware, the project coordinators plan to focus on designing software and to use mostly "off the shelf" hardware that is already available. The only part they plan to build themselves are heads with artificial faces capable of forming facial expressions.
The scheme for 2.5 million euros is financed by the European Commission (the executive body of the European Union) and is set to last for three years. Project participants hope to have a model of robot that can be used in homes and hospitals by the scheduled end date of the project.
The name Feelix is derived from the words feel, interact, and express.

</doc>
<doc id="9851534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851534" title="Avil">
Avil

Avil (, also Romanized as Avīl) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="9851540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851540" title="C. P. Singh">
C. P. Singh

Chandra Pal Singh was a Fiji Indian politician, who served in the Legislative Council as a nominated member from 1963 to 1966.
C.P. Singh was opposed to the policies of the newly formed Federation Party and after the 1966 election faded into political oblivion.
C.P. Singh was also a soccer administrator, credited with the formation of the Navua Soccer Accociation

</doc>
<doc id="9851542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851542" title="Aleksandr Petrenko">
Aleksandr Petrenko

Aleksandr Petrenko (; born 8 February 1983) is a Russian triple jumper. His personal best jump is 17.09 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="9851588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851588" title="Hemayet Bahini">
Hemayet Bahini

Hemayet Bahini (হেমায়েত বাহিনী; The Hemayet Force) was a guerrilla militia force of Bangladesh in the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971. This small force was known by the name of its leader and organizer Mohammad Hemayet Uddin Bir Bikrom.
The area of operation of Hemayet Bahini was the Faridpur zone. Although Hemayet Uddin was a Havildar of the East Bengal Regiment of Pakistan army, his force was composed mostly of local youth. This guerrilla force used the riverine terrain to its advantage and disrupted the movement of Pakistan armed forces in the region.
Hemayet Bahini was very popular among the Bengalis and stories about their work reached mythic proportions. Hemayet Uddin, the leader, was affectionately addressed by the Mukti bahini headquarters as "Himu". After the war, he was decorated by the gallantry award Bir Bikrom and was awarded the military rank of Subedar.

</doc>
<doc id="9851612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851612" title="His Mouse Friday">
His Mouse Friday

His Mouse Friday is a 1951 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 59th "Tom and Jerry" cartoon directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby for Metro Goldwyn Mayer. It was animated by Kenneth Muse, Irven Spence, Ray Patterson and Ed Barge and released in theatres on July 7, 1951. The title is a pun combining references to the film "His Girl Friday" and the character of Friday from the novel "Robinson Crusoe".
Plot.
Tom is seen being ship-wrecked and lost at sea in a parody of "Robinson Crusoe". He only has his old shoes to eat in order to survive. Tom though soon spots a distant tropical island and is catapulted there by a wave. After Tom finds it tough to eat a coconut and a tortoise he finds Jerry and decides to eat the mouse instead. Tom has Jerry on a frying pan but the rodent escapes and Tom chases him into a native village. Jerry creeps Tom out by playing tom toms and Tom gets scared.
Using soot from a cooking pot Jerry disguises himself as a black native complete with a deep voice and talks gibberish to Tom. He presumably tells Tom he has to be cooked to death and orders him to "hop the pot" and gives him vegetables to cut but to "hold the onions". Tom scared and accepting his fate cooperates. He soon feels the heat after Jerry lights a fire. Tom though notices Jerry's loincloth has come loose exposing his brown fur. Discovering he has been played for a sap the cat taunts Jerry. Jerry using a bone tied to his head flies away and Tom gives chase. However the cat stops at the feet of a group of real natives with one of them (who looks like Butch) licking his lips and saying "barbequed cat". The natives then go after Tom. Jerry at first seems to have won but is then caught by a younger (and thicker-lipped) native who says "barbequed mouse" and goes after the mouse as the cartoon iris out.
Censorship, bans and availability.
"His Mouse Friday" has rarely been broadcast in recent years due to African-American stereotyping. However, it has been released on video in two different censored forms- one by MGM/UA and another by Warner Home Video:

</doc>
<doc id="9851619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851619" title="Billy Gazonas">
Billy Gazonas

Billy Gazonas is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who won the 1977 Hermann Trophy as the top collegiate soccer player of the year. He four seasons in the North American Soccer League and several in Major Indoor Soccer League.
Player.
Youth.
Gazonas played soccer on the boy's team at St. Anthony High School in Trenton, New Jersey, and graduated from the school in 1973. In 1999, he was named by "The Star-Ledger" as one of the top ten New Jersey high school soccer players of the 1970s
He entered Hartwick College that fall where he played on the school’s men's soccer team. Hartwick had a dominant team during Gazonas four years at the school. His freshman year, Hartwick lost to Howard in the NCAA post-season tournament semifinals. In 1976, Hartwick made it to the semifinals before losing to Indiana. However, his senior year, Hartwick made it to the championship game where it defeated the University of San Francisco 2-1 to take the NCAA title. Gazones was team captain. That year, Gazonas was named as a first team All American and won the Hermann Trophy winner as the best collegiate player of the year. This gave Hartwick its second consecutive Hermann Trophy winner as Glenn Myernick had won it the year prior. Hartwick University inducted Gazonas into its Athletic Hall of Fame in 1995.
Professional.
The Tulsa Roughnecks of the North American Soccer League selected Gazonas with the first pick in the 1977 NASL college draft. He played three seasons as a creative midfielder for the Roughnecks. After the 1980 season, Gazonas moved to the Calgary Boomers for its one season in the NASL. By the end of the 1981 season, the NASL was beginning to contract and Gazonas, who had played in the NASL indoor seasons, jumped to the New York Arrows of Major Indoor Soccer League. That year the Arrows won the MISL championship. Later played with the Kansas City Comets.
Coach.
In December 1985, Gazonas became an assistant coach with the Kansas City Comets of 

</doc>
<doc id="9851644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851644" title="My Frogger Toy Trials">
My Frogger Toy Trials

My Frogger Toy Trials is an action video game published and developed by Konami for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It was first released in North America on November 13, 2006, in Europe on February 23, 2007, and in Australia on February 2007.
Gameplay.
My Frogger Toy Trials has three types of gameplay. The first is the hub, where the player moves Kyle around various areas to participate in levels and mini-games. The next is the main game, where the player controls Frogger instead. In it, Frogger is put on a level covered in a grid, which Frogger must get through. The final gameplay type are all of the various mini-games. Some mini-games can be played in the hub area, while all of them are playable in the Mini-game and Multiplayer modes.
Plot.
"My Frogger Toy Trials" begins with a young boy named Kyle, who is watching an advertisement for Toy Pets (a toy meant to be used in a tournament consisting of several worlds with several levels each) anticipating the arrival of his. Eventually, he meets a cloaked man named Shadow, who delivers his Toy Pet egg to him.
One month later, on the day of the tournament, Kyle is disappointed that after all that time, his egg still hasn't hatched yet. He meets up with his friend Lucy, who is also participating in the tournament. After talking with his mother and Lucy, Kyle and Lucy leave for the tournament. On their way, Kyle discusses with Lucy that he hopes that his Toy Pet turns out to be a dragon. Soon after arriving, Kyle's egg begins to hatch. However, instead of the dragon he asked for, frogger hatched. Kyle seems to hate him at the start, because of his lack of abilities, to the point of Kyle insulting frogger.
Audio.
"My Frogger Toy Trials"' soundtrack was composed by Stephen Geering, with the exception of the Frogger Theme Music, which was composed by Mutato Muzika.

</doc>
<doc id="9851655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851655" title="2004 PDL season">
2004 PDL season

The 2004 USL Premier Development League season was the 10th PDL season. The season began in April 2004 and ended in August 2004.
Central Florida Kraze finished the season as national champions, beating Boulder Rapids Reserve 1-0 in the PDL Championship game. Chicago Fire Reserves finished with the best regular season record in the league, winning 17 out of their 18 games, suffering no losses, and finishing with a +66 goal difference. 
El Paso Patriots striker Julio Frias was the league's top scorer, with 25 goals, while DFW Tornados midfielder Mark Rowland led the league with 11 assists. Chicago Fire Reserves keeper Brad Guzan enjoyed the best goalkeeping statistics, with a goals-against average of 0.39 per game in his 13 games.

</doc>
<doc id="9851661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851661" title="Iranian local elections, 2003">
Iranian local elections, 2003

Iranian City and Village Councils elections, 2003 took place in February, 2003, the second time local elections had taken place since being introduced in 1999 as part of President Khatami's concept of a civil society at the grassroots level. 905 city councils and 34,205 village councils were up for election. In Tehran and some of the major cities, all of the seats were taken back by conservatives over reformists. This swing was caused by widespread abstention from the local elections. In Tehran only 12% of the electorate voted, following appeals by reformist groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9851703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851703" title="George Burnett Barton">
George Burnett Barton

George Burnett Barton (9 December 1836 – 12 September 1901) was an Australian lawyer, journalist and historian.
Early life and education.
Barton was born in Sydney, the second son of William Barton and Mary Louise Barton, and elder brother of Sir Edmund Barton. He was educated at William Timothy Cape's school and at the University of Sydney.
After a dispute with Professor John Woolley, he left for England, where he was admitted to the Middle Temple on 20 April 1857 and called to the Bar in 1860.
Career.
Barton returned to Australia and became a journalist and was the first editor of the Sydney "Punch". From 1865 to 1868 he was reader in English literature at the University of Sydney; his introductory lecture, "The Study of English Literature", was published in 1866. Also in the same year appeared his "Literature in New South Wales" and "Poets and Prose Writers of New South Wales", the first volumes of a bibliographical and critical character to be published in Australia.
Barton went to New Zealand in 1868, and for about two years was editor of the "Otago Daily Times".
Legal career.
He practised for some time as a barrister and solicitor at Dunedin, and in 1875 published "A Digest of the Law and Practice of Resident Magistrates and District Courts".
Journalism career.
He returned to Australia in the 1880s and did much writing for the "Sydney Evening News" and the "Sydney Morning Herald". He was then commissioned by the government to write the "History of New South Wales From the Records", of which he completed only the first volume, published in 1889. His "The True Story of Margaret Catchpole" was published posthumously in 1924. He later moved to Goulburn, where he was the editor of the short-lived protectionist newspaper "The Werriwa Times and Goulburn District News" in 1901. He died in Goulburn Hospital on 12 September 1901 of influenza.

</doc>
<doc id="9851708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851708" title="Janice Cole">
Janice Cole

Janice McKenzie Cole is an attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina (1994–2001) under President Bill Clinton.
During her tenure as U.S. Attorney, she helped introduce five communities to the United States Department of Justice's Weed and Seed crime-prevention program. Cole has been honored as Woman of the Year by the East Carolina University Branch of the American Association of University Women and Tarheel of the Week by The News and Observer.
Education and career.
She received her bachelor of science degree with highest honors from John Jay College of Criminal Justice, part of the City University of New York. She also has a master's degree in public administration from John Jay. She received her law degree from Fordham University in 1979.
Cole, a native New Yorker, is a former New York City police officer, and was in one of the first groups of female police officers assigned to patrol the streets in high crime areas. Upon her completion of law school, Cole served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Eastern District of New York.
In 1983 she moved to Hertford, North Carolina, a rural community in North Carolina and started a private practice. Seven years later she was elected to serve as a state District Court Judge. She was the first black and first woman to serve as a judge in that district. She held that position until she was sworn in as the United States Attorney in February, 1994.
Cole unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives in 2002.
In 2008, she was selected by the North Carolina Democratic Party to be a member of the United States Electoral College, voting for Barack Obama and Joe Biden on behalf of the state's voters. When the state's electoral college met, Cole and elector Kara Hollingsworth, both African-Americans, formally nominated Obama.
Cole was one of the initial members of an advisory committee appointed by U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan to help her recommend nominees for U.S. attorneys and federal judgeships in North Carolina.
Personal life.
Cole is married to J. Carlton Cole, who was a District Court Judge for the 1st Judicial District of North Carolina until his appointment to the North Carolina Superior Courts in 2009 by Governor Perdue. They reside in Hertford, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9851711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851711" title="Thee City ov Tokyo/Thee City ov New York">
Thee City ov Tokyo/Thee City ov New York

Thee City ov Tokyo/Thee City ov New York is a live album by Psychic TV which combines two concerts on a single disc. The New York concert was originally released on "N.Y. Scum" and the Tokyo concert was originally released on "Live In Tokyo".
Track listing.
New York concert.
1. "Roman P."<br>
2. "New York Sin"<br>
3. "Twisted"<br>
4. "News"<br>
5. "Breakthrough"<br>
6. "In Thee Nursery"<br>
7. "Oi You Skinhead!"
Tokyo concert.
8. "Supermale"<br>
9. "I Like You"<br>
10. "Japan Boy"<br>
11. "Riot In Thee Eye"<br>
12. "Just Relax"<br>
13. "E L-OV-E U"

</doc>
<doc id="9851748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851748" title="Saint-Cannat">
Saint-Cannat

Saint-Cannat is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.
History.
The village was named after Canus Natus in the fifth century, who was a Roman clergyman born with white hair, a quirk synonymous with great wisdom at the time. He was buried in Saint-Cannat, although there was no such place at the time, but soon enough several houses were built into a hamlet.
In the twelfth century, Archbishop Pierre mentioned, 'Castrum Santi - Cannati' in a paper.
In the thirteenth century, villagers turned on their archbishop and pledged allegiance to the Lord of the Baux-de-Provence, and then to the Kings of Sicily (namely, Frederic III of Aragon, or perhaps Louis XIII). This, however, only lasted three years. In the same century, the Knights Templar established a settlement there.
On 11 June 1909 there was a terrible earthquake that destroyed nearly everything, yet things were re-built in the same style. Both in 1984 and 1994 huge floods ravaged most houses.
It has retained several fountains dating back to the 17th and 18th century, the remains of the medieval ramparts and the chateau, which today houses the town hall and museum. The Route nationale 7 bisects the village. There is a polo club, "Polo Club de Saint Cannat", opened in the 1970s. There is also an entertainment park called "Village des automates". It is also home to the winery Château de Beaupré, started by Baron Emile Double (1869-1938) in 1890.
The creek Budéou runs through the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9851767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851767" title="Phil Clarkson">
Phil Clarkson

Philip Ian Clarkson (born 13 November 1968 in Hambleton, Lancashire) is an English former professional footballer.
He is currently a coach at Blackpool's Centre of Excellence.
Playing career.
After a short trial with Norwich City in February 1990, Clarkson began his career in non-league football with Northern Premier League club Fleetwood Town, with whom he spent one year. He began his professional career with Dario Gradi's Crewe Alexandra in the Third Division who he signed for on 15 October 1991 for a transfer fee of £22,500. He remained at Gresty Road for five years, clocking up almost a century of league appearances, and helped the club win promotion in the 1993–94 season.
On 13 February 1996 he joined Scunthorpe United, where he had spent a short time on loan the previous season. He was the club's top scorer in the 1996–97 season.
On 4 February 1997, he was signed by Nigel Worthington for a fee of £80,000, at Blackpool. He scored his first goal for the club in the sixteenth minute of the West Lancashire derby against Preston North End at Bloomfield Road on 15 March 1997, before going on to score the winner in the 2–1 victory just after the hour mark.
He was the club's top scorer the following season. He remained at Bloomfield Road for five years, winning promotion with "the Tangerines" under Steve McMahon in the 2000–01 Division Three play-offs. In 2002 he spent a short time on loan at Bury before being released by Blackpool at the end of the 2001–02 season having scored 35 goals in 171 league games for "the Seasiders".
Clarkson joined Halifax Town in August 2002. He then joined Lancaster City in the summer of 2003 while working as a postman in Poulton-le-Fylde and finished his career with them, retiring on 10 March 2004.
Blackpool F.C. Hall of Fame.
Clarkson was inducted into the Hall of Fame at Bloomfield Road, when it was officially opened by former Blackpool player Jimmy Armfield in April 2006. Organised by the Blackpool Supporters Association, Blackpool fans around the world voted on their all-time heroes. Five players from each decade are inducted; Clarkson is in the 1990s.
Coaching career.
Clarkson studied for his UEFA B coaching licence. He is currently the coach of the Under-16 team at his hometown club Blackpool's Centre of Excellence.
Masters Football.
It has been announced that Clarkson will represent Blackpool in the 2010 Masters Football competition.
Honours.
Blackpool

</doc>
<doc id="9851775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851775" title="Brian French">
Brian French

Brian French is the President of Tempo Entertainment, a company the specializes in Live Music Production, Video Production, Film and Choreography [http://www.temporocks.com] where he has produced and directed numerous commercials, films, music videos and documentaries. Brian is also the Production Manager for Smokey Robinson and co-produced Robinson's albums "Timeless Love", "Time Flies When You're Having Fun" and "Now And Then". He was the Senior Manager of Production for the House of Blues Corporation from 2000 to 2002. French started as a drum tech for tours of various bands and artists and soon moved into Stage Production and Tour Management. He currently resides in Los Angeles CA with his wife Linda Cevallos-French.

</doc>
<doc id="9851778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851778" title="Wren's War">
Wren's War

"Wren's War" is the final book in Sherwood Smith's initially published trilogy of Wren books. It is currently the final printed volume in the Wren Series, with the sequel, "Wren Journeymage", available exclusively in electronic form. As with the prior two volumes, it is set in the east-of-the-Great-Desert region of that world.
Plot summary.
Andreus finally begins the military maneuvers against Meldrith which had been feared in Wren to the Rescue. Lirwani agents launch a covert strike to abduct Tess and assassinate the King and Queen. These events take place while Wren is on vacation in Alat Los. As part of the plot, Tess is drugged via a drink presented to her by one of the agents posing as a stable worker, but the effect does not take full hold until she is in a hidden staircase in the palace, and is rescued by her most loyal servant after reviving in time to witness her parents' murder. After being evacuated to a building in the hills, Tess raises the alarm to Wren, Tyron, and Conor using the summons rings which they began using after the events of "Wren's Quest".
Capitalizing on the disarray inflicted by the toppling of royal order, Andreus moves the full force of his army into Meldrith, over 1 million troops in all. Tess organizes all support she can in order to mount raids against the Lirwani occupation forces, which were not yet evenly spread throughout Meldrith's lands. Wren and Tyron, having been successfully recalled earlier, are sent to seek the aid of Hawk Rhiscarlan, who is known to have now set himself up in some form of power at the ruins of his ancestral home, directly south of Senna Lirwan.
Publication.
It becomes noticeable that events cause Wren to transform into a different animal in each of the three books. (A dog in "Wren to the Rescue", a merfolk in "Wren's Quest", and a bird in "Wren's War".) The only cover art which has not represented this is that of all editions of "Wren to the Rescue".
2004 Firebirds.
If, as it appears, the art for all three books' Firebird edition was done by the same person, then the cover art for "Wren's War" is by Victor Lee. The dimensions of the Firebird paperback are 6.9 × 4.2 × 0.7 inches.

</doc>
<doc id="9851779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851779" title="Nastola railway station">
Nastola railway station

The Nastola railway station (Finnish: "Nastolan rautatieasema", Swedish language: "Nastola järnvägsstation") is located in the municipality of Nastola in the Päijänne Tavastia region, in Finland. The distance from the Lahti railway station is 15.7 kilometres and that from the Kausala railway station is 23.6 kilometres. All local trains between Lahti and Kouvola, and between Lahti and Kotka Harbour stop at Nastola.

</doc>
<doc id="9851784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851784" title="Wren's Quest">
Wren's Quest

Wren’s Quest is the sequel to "Wren to the Rescue", and provides further background and character-development leading into "Wren's War".
Plot summary.
Hawk Rhiscarlan attempts to gain favor with Andreus of Senna Lirwan by succeeding where Andreus was foiled in "Wren to the Rescue". Tyron is deployed in the guise of a dog in order to gain reconnaissance among the nobles of Cantirmoor which might reveal who is behind the trouble, but is captured by Hawk. During this time, unaware of the new plot afoot, Wren ventures to the records center for the Siradi border guards who found her in a brigand-devastated trade caravan as a very young child. Wren is accompanied by Connor Shaltar for protection in case of any trouble, though that idea was hatched by Leila and Queen Astren of Meldrith to allow Connor to avoid confinement by his uncle Fortian Rhismordith to a particular vacation house as punishment for his tendency to socialize with stage performers.
Excursion into such remote territory fails to spare the pair form the interesting times, however, as they are forthwith pursued incessantly yet intermittently by mysterious and vaguely menacing couriers clothed in blue, culminating in an entire forest fire being levied as an attack against the protagonists, which Connor manages to dispel though an exertion of his own manner of magic, which leaves him prostrate and asleep for two full days.
Upon regaining consciousness, Connor discovers his location to have changed to that of a stone fortification of considerable vintage, whereupon Wren briefs him regarding the elapsed time and the fact that this is indeed the Siradi border-guard records center, as well as one of their command posts.

</doc>
<doc id="9851787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851787" title="Philippe Jordan">
Philippe Jordan

Philippe Jordan (born 18 October 1974, Zürich) is a Swiss conductor, music director of the Opéra national de Paris, and the son of conductor Armin Jordan. He began to study piano at age 6. At age 8, he joined the Zürich Sängerknaben. His violin studies began at age 11.
At 16, he entered the Zürich Conservatory where he obtained his diploma in piano instruction, with honors. He studied theory and composition with the Swiss composer Hans Ulrich Lehmann and continued his piano studies with Karl Engel. At the same time, he worked as an assistant to Jeffrey Tate on Richard Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen" at the Châtelet in Paris.
In the 1994/95 season, Jordan was appointed First Kapellmeister of the Ulm Stadttheater. The following year, he made his debut at the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels. He has since conducted at the Grand Théâtre in Geneva, the Vienna Staatsoper, the Châtelet in Paris, the Semperoper in Dresden and the Aix-en-Provence International Festival.
From September 1998 to June 2001, Jordan was Kapellmeister and assistant to Daniel Barenboim at the Berlin State Opera (Staatsoper Unter den Linden). He now holds the title of Principal Guest Conductor at the Staatsoper unter den Linden. Jordan held the position of Chief Conductor of the Graz Opera and Graz Philharmonic Orchestra from September 2001 to June 2004.
In the 2001/02 season, Philippe Jordan made his US operatic debut conducting "Samson et Dalila" at the Houston Grand Opera and his UK operatic debut conducting Carmen at the Glyndebourne Festival Opera. In the 2002/03 season, he made his debuts at the Metropolitan Opera and the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. He made his first conducting appearance at the Bayerische Staatsoper in Munich in April 2004, and at the Bastille Opera in Paris in October 2004. His first appearances at the Salzburg Festival took place in the summer of 2004. Jordan conducted pieces by Dvorak, Smetana and Beethoven in his December 2007 debut with the New York Philharmonic.
In October 2007, Jordan was named the Music Director of the Opéra National de Paris, starting with the 2009-2010 season. In October 2011, Jordan's contract with the Opéra National de Paris was extended through July 2018. Also in October 2011, Jordan was named the next chief conductor of the Wiener Symphoniker (Vienna Symphony Orchestra), effective with the 2014-2015 season, with an initial contract of 5 years.
In addition to conducting, Jordan also performs as a pianist in recital and chamber music, such as at the Schubertiade Schwarzenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="9851800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851800" title="Robert G. Whitehead">
Robert G. Whitehead

Robert George Whitehead (October 31, 1916 – February 22, 2007) was a Texas businessman who created Quaker House Products, Inc., which produced and marketed the first-aid treatment known as "Blue Star Ointment"; some 50 million jars are sold annually in the United States. Whitehead was a marketing maverick who used an innovative memorable 10-second television commercial to sell Blue Star Ointment. These shorter ads cost less than a traditional 30-second commercial to both produce and air. Whitehead packed all the information into a shorter time frame to attract customers through the old marketing format of an auctioneer.
Biography.
Whitehead was born in Fort Morgan in northeastern Colorado. His mother's family traces their roots to the pre-Revolutionary War period. Robert Whitehead's daughters are still both affiliated with the Daughters of the American Revolution. Whitehead's father, Dan, was a third-generation cattle broker and an auctioneer. Whitehead said that much of his early business success came from his father's direction. In 1882, Dan Whitehead's family established the town of Oakland in Pottawattamie County, Iowa.
Whitehead began his sales career with the Gail Borden Company in New York City; he moved to Corpus Christi, Texas, to accepted a sales director position with Amalie Oil. Later, he founded Quaker Products from his home in Houston and obtained the rights to distribute Blue Star Ointment, which became his firm’s primary product; Quaker Products also offered a cleaner for steam irons.
Whitehead often remarked that Blue Star Ointment successfully treated his painful psoriasis; which he suffered with since his teenage years. The product also offers relief from various types of itching from eczema to insect bites, ringworm, jock itch, and athlete's foot.
Blue Star's original formula was created in the 1920s by the apothecary and pharmacist Adolf Gottlieb, a German immigrant. Gottlieb sold his Blue Star formula in the 1930s to traveling salesman Jim Bourland of Fort Worth, Texas. When Bourland died, Robert Whitehead acquired the rights thereafter, and sales began to skyrocket. Whitehead's older son, Henry Whitehead, and daughter Gail Whitehead, assisted him in the family-owned and operated business.
Whitehead was largely self-educated; he developed a great interest and talent for literature and art. From 1955 to 1967, he was associated with the Great Book Council of Houston and led Great Books discussion clubs associated with Rice University. His art work has been displayed in galleries and museums in Houston and throughout Texas. He worked in watercolor, acrylic, and oil and developed a unique abstract style.
Whitehead spent his later years in Laredo in Webb County in south Texas. He was survived by his wife, Persis Whitehead, and six of his seven children, Danielle Snider of Charlottesville, Virginia, Patricia Leigh of Houston, June Whitehead of Houston, Gail Whitehead of San Antonio and Laredo, Henry Henry Whitehead of Laredo, and Kathryn Whitehead of New York City. Another son, Daniel Whitehead, predeceased his father.

</doc>
<doc id="9851802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851802" title="V-League">
V-League

V-League

</doc>
<doc id="9851817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851817" title="Bianca Kappler">
Bianca Kappler

Bianca Kappler (born 8 August 1977 in Hamburg) is a German long jumper.
Biography.
She finished ninth at the 2004 Olympic Games. She competed at the World Championships in 2003 and 2005 without reaching the finals.
At the 2005 European Indoor Championships her last jump was measured to 6.96 metres, which would have secured her the gold medal by a comfortable margin. However, Kappler admitted to the referees that she could not possibly have jumped 6.96 m, which would be 30 cm further than her personal best at the time. 
Video analysis confirmed the mismeasurement and the jump was ruled invalid. The silver medal was won in 6.64 m, while Kappler remained with 6.53 m. She was later awarded a bronze medal for fair play.
At the 2007 European Indoor Championships she finished fourth, equalling her indoor personal best of 6.63 metres. Her personal best jump is 6.90 metres, achieved in July 2007 in Bad Langensalza. Her partner is the Austrian decathlete Klaus Ambrosch.

</doc>
<doc id="9851832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851832" title="Momijidani Park (Miyajima)">
Momijidani Park (Miyajima)

The park is located at the foot of Mt. Misen, along Momijidani River, behind Itsukushima Shrine in Miyajima, Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima.
There are more than 200 maples, including 110 acer palmatum thunberg, 60 palmatum var. matsumurae, 10 acer rufinerve, acer buergerianum, acer sieboldianum miquel and acer amoenum carriere var. amoenum.

</doc>
<doc id="9851844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851844" title="88 Antop Hill">
88 Antop Hill

88 Antop Hill is a 2003 mystery thriller Hindi film. The story, screenplay and direction are by Kushan Nandy; dialogues by Ashish Deo. The film is a murder mystery and is loosely based on James Hadley Chase's novel "Tiger By The Tail".
Plot overview.
The film opens with the brutal murder of Neeraj Shah (Sachin Dubey). His body is dumped in the trunk of a car. This crime isn't committed on impulse: Whoever did it had good reason.
We then enter the life of a bank executive Pratyush Shelar (Atul Kulkarni). He gets home late on his anniversary because he had to console an old college classmate about her marital woes. His own marital woes are worsened when his wife Antara (Suchitra Pillai) kicks up a big fight and leaves their home with their daughter Saanjh.
Pratyush is upset about this. His colleague Aslam Durrani (Harsh Khurana) picks up on this and suggests an exotic dancer Teesta (Shweta Menon). Pratyush is too upset to be interested. But Aslam is determined; later that night he calls Pratyush and pretends as though some thugs are about to kill him. He asks Pratyush to come immediately to a certain location.
That location is 88 Antop Hill.
Pratyush arrives. 88 Antop Hill is a halfway house mainly occupied by exotic dancers and escorts. Pratyush walks into the flat Aslam had mentioned; it is Teesta's lair. She attempts to seduce him but he refuses her advances. Upon her request, he takes her to the Moksha club and buys her a drink. (He doesn't drink.) She remarks that the bartender Sol (Rahul Panday) knows all her secrets. While leaving the bar, their car is attacked by an apparently drunk man, who seems to know Teesta. Teesta urges Pratyush to leave fast. When he brings her back home, he realizes that his car keys are missing. He waits as she looks for them.
When Teesta gets into her bedroom, she is mysteriously murdered. She stumbles into Pratyush's arms, fatally stabbed, and collapses. Scared and confused, Pratyush leaves immediately. One of the neighbors, a weird and on-and-off senile old fellow called Murli Mansukhani (Shauket Baig) sees him leave.
When the cops begin to investigate, they find that Teesta had a roommate Sonali (Jasmine) and that Sonali is engaged to a prominent businessman, K.K. Menon (Sanjay Singh). The investigating officer, and the hero of this movie, Inspector Arvind Khanvilkar (Rahul Dev), starts his work. The prime suspect is an unwitting Pratyush because he was the last person to see Teesta alive.
A somewhat convoluted plot evolves. Sonali has several dark secrets and a good-for-nothing brother Prashant (Subrotto Dutta). Teesta was somehow connected to Sonali's dark past. Menon knows this and wanted to wipe out everything, including Prashant. He has Prashant kidnapped, and later he tells Sol to bump off Prashant. There is a three-way fight among them. Pratyush arrives upon the scene and witnesses two more murders. A dying Prashant advises Pratyush to go to Sonali at the earliest. In the meantime, the weird old man of 88 Antop Hill, Murli, recalls that he had seen Pratyush and follows him to blackmail him. When Pratyush asks him to get lost, he goes to Sonali's house and tries to blackmail her. Aslam Durrani visits Pratyush and, seeing him, thinks he has probably committed the crime, saying that Pratyush would better leave the city and that he wouldn't want anything to do with the latter anymore.
Pratyush contacts the cops but a dumbwitted cop sternly asks him to surrender, as the police have found the murder weapon and a blood stained shirt, with Pratyush's diary stating 88 Antop Hill on the fateful date at his house. Pratyush panics and goes to Sonali to convey Prashant's message to her. She does not listen to what he says. Here Menon and the good inspector show up as well. 
At this point the crux arises — the inspector says that he has found out that Sonali is actually "Sonali Shah", and she was married already to the deceased Neeraj Shah; it was Sonali who killed him because he wouldn't give her a divorce to marry Menon. He also says that Neeraj's house was ransacked by Sonali to find the marriage certificate.
At this point, Arvind goes to the fridge and finds Murli Mansukhani lying stabbed in it! The truth is then out. It is known that Sonali murdered Neeraj and hid his corpse in the fridge and murdered Murli because he opened the fridge out of curiosity and found Neeraj's corpse. Arvind also reveals that Sonali killed Teesta. Sonali says it was because Teesta knew about her marriage with Neeraj, and used to blackmail her, saying she will make it known to Menon. It was Sonali who had followed Pratyush and Teesata on the fateful night back to 88 Antop Hill, secretly climbed into Teesta's bedroom and slit her throat. She further followed Pratyush and leaves the knife in his house to implicate him. It is then revealed that Menon has murdered Prashant, at which Sonali is shocked.
At this point, Menon makes a last effort to save himself and Sonali. He tries to bribe Arvind with 10 million, saying that he must arrest poor Pratyush on charges of all the murders. To this, Arvind agrees and shoots Pratyush in the shoulder. But the wounded Pratyush releases gas from the cylinder nearby and threatens to light his cigarette lighter. While he grabs Arvind's phone and tries to call police, Menon attacks him and stabs him on the sofa, and Arvind quickly turns out the gas. But the wounded Pratyush pulls out Menon's revolver, kicks him off and shoots him through a cushion.
At this point, a dumbfounded Sonali picks up a pistol and threatens to kill Pratyush. Arvind tells her not to, but she pulls the trigger — only to find that the gun is empty.
Arvind then apologizes to Pratyush, saying he had to wound the latter or else Menon would've killed Pratyush. Sonali is then arrested on charges of multiple homicide and attempt to kill Pratyush.
The film ends with the inspector relieving Pratyush of all charges in the case and requesting him to take care of a pet dog. Pratyush's wife and child return.

</doc>
<doc id="9851858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851858" title="Ship Simulator">
Ship Simulator

Ship Simulator is a vehicle simulation computer game which simulates maneuvering various ships in different environments, although without the effects of wind and current. It was developed by Dutch company VSTEP and released by the former company Lighthouse Interactive, which closed down in 2009.
Ship Simulator 2006.
The first version of "Ship Simulator" was released in 2006 and was titled "Ship Simulator 2006". The user can steer various ships, amongst others a Rotterdam water taxi, a container ship and even the "Titanic", in various weather conditions and in 3 real life harbours, which are Rotterdam, Hamburg and Phi Phi Islands in Thailand, plus a fourth harbour, New York was later released as a free download. A game element is added to the simulation by means of 40 "missions" which have to be completed as fast or as accurately as possible.
Playable ship types.
The game has a built-in scenario editor to create new missions.
Ship Simulator 2006 Add-On.
"The Official Ship Simulator 2006 Add-On" was released in February 2007. This is an expansion pack with 6 additional ships and extra features such as ship walk-throughs:
Ship Simulator 2008.
"Ship Simulator 2008" released in July 2007 in Germany and the UK. It contains 7 ports and 8 open sea environments. This version also features waves, weather, day/night time transitions, damage to vessels, and new boats and ships. There are six new ships; a supertanker, a Solent ferry, large ocean ferry, a new patrol boat and two new tugs. There is also a Ship Simulator Professional V2.0
The "Titanic" has also undergone some minor changes for example the Second Class stairwell and the stern section are visitable, as well and the original ships have been updated. Free add-ons will be reportedly be available, including a hovercraft, jetski, barge, improved physics and possibly another environment.
Ships.
List of ships in Ship Simulator 2008:
Downloadable Ships - Shipyard
Ship Simulator 2008 New Horizons.
An official expansion for "Ship Simulator 2008" titled "Ship Simulator 2008 New Horizons" was released in April, 2008. The add-on features 8 new ships, the addition of multiplayer functionality, a new sailing area (Padstow, Cornwall), 20 new missions, in game downloading of new missions, option to connect and disconnect barges to the pushboat in-game, and new walkthrough options.
Ships Added
Ship Simulator Extremes.
"Ship Simulator Extremes" is the name of the latest installment in the Ship Simulator series. It was released on August 27, 2010. 
Additions to the game include new locations around the world from cold Antarctica to warm Bora Bora as well as new ships (including official licensed Greenpeace vessels) and new dynamic and more realistic weather and water systems. Most vessels from Ship Simulator 2008 are also part of the choice of ships. The cruise ship "Ocean Star" from Ship Simulator 2006/2008 is also included, except outside colors have changed and the name changed to "Orient Star". Vessels have more usable controls and more realistic ones, unlike Ship Simulator 2008 in which only the whistle, binoculars, thrust, rudder and thrusters (if applicable on the vessel) are usable, although you can listen to the ship's radio but not send out calls. Sinking dynamics and physics have also improved in Ship Simulator Extremes. Also unlike Ship Simulator 2008, you can launch lifeboats/motorboats off a vessel with them equipped. Following a campaign by members of their growing fanbase, VSTEP agreed to include the ports of Dover and Calais (in one environment).
The game has been criticized for not being able to run on very powerful computers for no reason, requiring high graphical performance and like its predecessors not being able to use your own ships.
Peripherals.
A "ship control unit", designed specifically for "Ship Simulator" and enabling more realistic steering, was released in 2006 by Wilco Publishing. P.I. Engineering have announced "ShipDriver", a marine simulation controller based on their RailDriver train controller for Auran's "Trainz" and Microsoft's "Train Simulator". ShipDriver released in winter 2010.
Critical reception.
Ship Simulator has been criticised for limitations in the replication of realistic controls and the lack of open architecture preventing users from creating their own vehicles and voyages. "Slow and mundane gameplay" and bugs have also been cited. Reviewers did comment that the game is challenging and that it has educational value.
In addition, reviewers also praised the attention to detail for the scenery and boats.

</doc>
<doc id="9851868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851868" title="Pello railway station">
Pello railway station

Pello railway station is located in the municipality of Pello in the Lapland Province of Finland. The station is extremely basic, with one solitary unpaved platform. The sole amenity for passenger comfort is a small wooden shelter. There is a building for railway staff. The station is accessed from Pello by an unmetalled road. The station is mainly used for the loading of logs onto freight waggons, although there are daily passenger services to Kolari railway station and Helsinki Central railway station.
The station is located about 121 kilometres north from the Tornio railway station, and about 62 kilometres south from the Kolari railway station. Most trains at Pello are hauled by VR Class Dr16 diesel locomotives.
The track from Kaulinranta railway station to Pello was built in 1964, and in the next year, the track was extended from Pello to Sieppijärvi railway station.
Pello railway station serves both passenger and freight traffic. The station is the only point on the track between Tornio and Kolari to allow trains to pass each other. The traffic control is handled remotely from the Oulu railway station.
The station is not to be confused with the Pello halt, a former halt located on the track between Helsinki and Turku.

</doc>
<doc id="9851885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851885" title="KNEV">
KNEV

KNEV is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada, broadcasting on 95.5 FM. KNEV airs a Lite Rock music format branded as "Magic 95.5". The station rebroadcasts on translators at 92.1 FM in Winnemucca, Nevada, 99.3 FM in Battle Mountain, Nevada, and at 103.5 FM in Eureka, Nevada.
History.
KNEV is the longest continuously operating FM station in the state of Nevada, having signed on Christmas Day 1953. Since its original air date in 1953, KNEV has maintained its original call sign and frequency. KNEV was originally an easy listening station during the daytime and classical after 6 PM and all day on Sundays and remained that way for many years. In 1992, the station was relaunched as "Magic 95", with a soft adult contemporary format, and would compete with crosstown station KRNO (Sunny 106.9).
In 1995, the station shifted towards a hot AC format, while retaining the "Magic" branding. The 70s songs were dropped from the playlist as the station focused on hits from the 1980s and 90s.
In 2001, Magic rebranded as "Mix 95.5" and became an adult top 40 station.
In November 2004, the station flipped to an all-Christmas format and brought back the "Magic" branding. On December 26, the station adopted a mainstream adult contemporary format.
Magic 95.5 currently airs a Lite Rock format, which is composed of newer artists such as Coldplay, Rob Thomas, Taylor Swift, Nickelback, P!nk, Katy Perry, Kelly Clarkson, and Michael Bublé along with artists from the 80s and 90s to include the Goo Goo Dolls, U2, Madonna, Dave Matthews Band, Alanis Morissette, and Jewel.

</doc>
<doc id="9851893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851893" title="Yasuo Maekawa">
Yasuo Maekawa

Maekawa Yasuo (前川康男, 1921–2003) was a Japanese children's book author. He was born in Tokyo Prefecture, and attended Waseda University.

</doc>
<doc id="9851910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851910" title="Sydney E. Ahlstrom">
Sydney E. Ahlstrom

Sydney Eckman Ahlstrom (16 December 1919 – July 3, 1984) was an American historian. He was a Yale University professor and a specialist in the religious history of the United States.
Ahlstrom was born in Cokato, Minnesota, the son of Joseph T. and Selma Eckman Ahlstrom, who were Swedish Lutherans. He graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota with a B.A. degree in 1941, and served in the U.S. Army during World War II. He earned a master's degree at the University of Minnesota in 1946 and a Ph.D. at Harvard University in 1952. He was a Fulbright fellow at the University of Strasbourg, France, and an instructor at Harvard before joining Yale in 1954.
In 1973 he received the National Book Award in category Philosophy and Religion for "A Religious History of the American People" (1972).
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1978. In 1979 he was awarded The Christian Century Award for the Decade's Most Outstanding Book on Religion.
At the time of his retirement from Yale in 1984 he held the position of Samuel Knight Professor of American History and Modern Religious History.

</doc>
<doc id="9851917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851917" title="Alina Militaru">
Alina Militaru

Alina Ramona Militaru (born 10 April 1982) is a Romanian long jumper. Her personal best jump is 6.73 metres, achieved in August 2004 in Bucharest.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9851927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851927" title="Oração">
Oração

"Oração" ("Prayer") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Portuguese by António Calvário. This was Portugal's debut entry in the contest, and consequently the first time the Portuguese language had been used.
The song is in the "chanson" style, popular in the early years of the Contest, and takes the form of a prayer. Calvário addresses God and confesses to hurting his lover. He goes on to beg for forgiveness, even suggesting that love itself may be a punishment.
The song was performed eleventh on the night, following Monaco's Romuald with "Où sont-elles passées" and preceding Italy's Gigliola Cinquetti with "Non ho l'età". At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded "nul points", placing 13th (equal last with the Germany, Switzerland and Yugoslavia) in a field of 16.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1965 contest by Simone de Oliveira with "Sol de inverno".

</doc>
<doc id="9851953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851953" title="Turn Your Love Around">
Turn Your Love Around

"Turn Your Love Around" is an R&B single by George Benson. The song was written to help fill out Benson's 1981 greatest hits album, "The George Benson Collection". It reached number one on the soul singles charts and number five on the Billboard Hot 100 singles charts in early 1982, as well as the top ten on the jazz chart. The song won a "Best R & B Song Grammy Award" at the 25th Grammy Awards in 1983 for Bill Champlin, Jay Graydon, and Steve Lukather (of Toto) as its composers.
The original inspiration for the song came to co-songwriter Jay Graydon in the bathroom. He explained to Songfacts: "'Turn Your Love Around' was a gift, and it's the gift that keeps giving. I was in the bathroom when I came up with the melody, and I was sitting down, if you get my drift. Well, I got off the can as fast as I could and got to a cassette machine so I wouldn't forget it. George Benson was coming in town Tuesday, so I had four days to come up with a song for "The George Benson Collection". And I was gettin' nothing. And then bang! I just came up with this melody for the chorus when I was in the bathroom."
The song was one of the first pop hits to feature a Linn LM-1 drum machine, programmed by session drummer Jeff Porcaro.
This song was sampled on the album version of Lil' Kim's "Not Tonight" and on the Japanese 1 million hit song "Da.Yo.Ne." by East End X Yuri in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9851980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9851980" title="2007 Mexico City 400k">
2007 Mexico City 400k

The 2007 Mexico City 400k was a Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series race held on March 3, 2007. The race was won by Alex Gurney and Jon Fogarty, driving the No. 99 GAINSCO Auto Insurance Pontiac Riley, campaigned by GAINSCO/Bob Stallings Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="9852021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852021" title="Bring on the Lucie (Freeda Peeple)">
Bring on the Lucie (Freeda Peeple)

"Bring on the Lucie (Freeda Peeple)" is a protest song written and performed by John Lennon from his 1973 album "Mind Games". The song dates from late 1971, starting out as little more than a chorus, after Lennon acquired a National guitar. After working on the lyrics, the song went from a simple political slogan to a full-blown statement that hints at his earlier work, such as "Imagine" and "Power to the People".

</doc>
<doc id="9852028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852028" title="Caroline Lee-Johnson">
Caroline Lee-Johnson

Caroline Lee-Johnson is a British actress. She is most famous for her starring roles in Chef! as Janice Blackstock and The Knock as Diane Ralston. Her work has been primarily in television, but she has also had roles in films including The Defender.

</doc>
<doc id="9852029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852029" title="Hassan Saleh">
Hassan Saleh

Hassan Saleh (born 22 October 1979 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a Lebanese-Australian former professional rugby league player for the Wests Tigers, St George Illawarra Dragons and the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League competition. He also represented the Lebanon national rugby league team on several occasions, including the 2000 World Cup. Saleh's position of choice was usually on the wing but he also played at fullback.

</doc>
<doc id="9852079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852079" title="Ragsdale conjecture">
Ragsdale conjecture

The Ragsdale conjecture is a mathematical conjecture that concerns the possible arrangements of real algebraic curves embedded in the projective plane. It was proposed by Virginia Ragsdale several years after 1900 and was disproved in 1979.
Background.
Her dissertation dealt with Hilbert's sixteenth problem, which was proposed in the year 1900, along with 22 other unsolved problems of the 19th century. Ragsdale conjectured a particular upper bound on the number of topological circles of a certain type, along with the basis of evidence. The conjecture was held of high importance in the field of real algebraic geometry for nearly a century. Later Oleg Viro and Ilya Itenberg produced counterexamples to the Ragsdale conjecture, although the problem of finding a sharp upper bound remains unsolved.
Conjecture.
Ragsdale's main conjecture is as follows.
Assume that an algebraic curve of degree 2"k" contains "p" even and "n" odd ovals. Ragsdale conjectured that
She also posed the inequality
and showed that the inequality could not be further improved. This inequality was later proved by Petrovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="9852138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852138" title="Sol de inverno">
Sol de inverno

"Sol de inverno" ("Winter sun") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in Portuguese by Simone de Oliveira.
The song is in the "chanson" style, popular in the early years of the Contest. de Oliveira takes the role of a woman whose lover is ending their relationship, and tells him how she feels. She compares her situation to that of the winter sun, singing that she has "no warmth".
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following France's Guy Mardel with "N'avoue jamais" and preceding Italy's Bobby Solo with "Se piangi, se ridi". At the close of voting, it had received 1 point - Portugal's first in Contest history - placing 13th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1966 contest by Madalena Iglésias with "Ele e ela".

</doc>
<doc id="9852146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852146" title="A Little Woman">
A Little Woman

"A Little Woman" (German: "Eine kleine Frau") is a short story by Franz Kafka written between December 1923 and the end of January 1924. It was first published in the Easter supplement of "Prager Tagblatt" on 20 April 1924. During his final illness Kafka corrected the proofs of the story for the inclusion into collection "A Hunger Artist" ("Ein Hungerkünstler") published by Verlag Die Schmiede after his death.
Plot summary.
The story begins with a detailed description of an anxious young woman. The woman is frustrated with the narrator for some reason which he cannot understand as they are strangers. The narrator contemplates the situation and wonders what will help the little woman with her obsessive frustration with him. He considers that even committing suicide would not affect her anger at him. The reliability of the narrator is not a given, and sometimes there seems the suggestion that he is not the actual source of the woman's irritation, but merely considers himself to be so.
Process of writing.
At the end of September 1923 Kafka moved to Berlin-Steglitz with Dora Dymant where he wrote "A Little Woman," based on their landlady.

</doc>
<doc id="9852147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852147" title="Live in Tokyo (Psychic TV album)">
Live in Tokyo (Psychic TV album)

Live In Tokyo is a live album by Psychic TV. Although the album was only released as a 12" vinyl LP, it was later coupled with a New York performance and released on CD as "Thee City Ov Tokyo/Thee City Ov New York".
Liner notes.
History 4
"This record is a document of Psychic TV live. Edited and shaped to capture a moment in time and those feelings and impressions connected with that moment. Time is that which ends, thus we preserve fragments as a library service. It is no longer the event itself but it remains history.
"Psychic TV played 4 disconcerts in Tokyo on the 15th, 16th, 17th and 18th of January 1986. Approximately 2000+ people attended each night. All the music on this record is taken from the last night. It is not necessarily the most perfect moments musically. Rather we have chosen parts that reflect our mood, the element of chance, and otherwise not released material.
"This record is the first in a series designed to beat the bootleggers and documents a body of work. The process is the product. There will be 23 live albums. One released every month for 23 months on the 23rd of each month. The First Will And Testament of Psychic TV. The December issue will be "Live in Paris". Some issues will be more limited than others."

</doc>
<doc id="9852199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852199" title="Jeff Elbel">
Jeff Elbel

Jeff Elbel is an American musician, songwriter, and producer currently based near Chicago, Illinois. He is also a frequent journalist for publications including the "Chicago Sun-Times". He runs a recording studio and is included in many bands, one of these being "Jeff Elbel+Ping". He is also included in Tom Sharpe's band.
Discography.
Jeff Elbel + Ping: Gallery (Marathon Records) (2012) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: Peanut Gallery EP (Marathon Records) (2011) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: The Eleventh Hour Storybook (Marathon Records [http://www.marathonrecords.com]) (2005) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: The Eleventh Hour Songbook (Marathon Records) (2004) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: Engine of Destruction (Bootleg Live Records) (2004) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: Loyal to You (Marathon Records) (2003) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "Suffer the Children", Compilation memorial with Theo Obrastoff 2003<br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "You Still Believe in Me"/"Making God Smile" (Silent Planet) (2002) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: No Outlet (Marathon Records) (2001) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: Live at the Crooked Bar (2000) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "We the Living"/We the Living, Vol. III (True Tunes) (2000) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "Hell Oh"/When Worlds Collide (Stunt Records) (2000) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "Miracle Rain"/RIM v.beta (Bigwig Enterprises) (1999) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "Hell Oh"/"" (1999) <br>
Jeff Elbel + Ping: "Miracle Rain" (instrumental)/Looper's Delight, Volume II (Bigwig Enterprises) (1999) <br>
Ping/Aunt Bettys: "Popsicle Stick"/Ford Supersonic (Marathon/Ear Pistol Records) (1998) <br>
<br>
Tom Sharpe: Lifting the World (Sharpe World Music) (2012) <br>
Mumble: "Happy Living" (Marathon Records) (2010) <br>
North: Drowning In Sky (North Records) (2008) <br>
King Never: Orphans, Misfits, & Fragments (Marathon Records) (2006) <br>
Andrewesley: Strength (Marathon Records) (2004) <br>
Andrewesley: All I Wanted to Say EP (Kastra Records) (2004) <br>
Aaron Sprinkle: The Boy Who Stopped the World (Silent Planet) (2003) <br>
Hopescope: Bring in the Sun (Marathon Records) (2003) <br>
D.A.S.: Saving Grace (Galaxy21) (2003) <br>
Phil Madeira: "It'll Do For Now"/Live from the Acoustic Stage (Silent Planet) (2002) <br>
D.A.S.: Jesus Wants You to Buy this Record (independent) (2002) <br>
D.A.S.: "Christmas"/A Live Tribute Recording for Gene Eugene (Floodgate Records) (2000) <br>
EDL: Moment of Clarity (KMG Records) (1999) <br>
LSU: Dogfish Jones (Platinum Entertainment) (1998) <br>
Blackball: "Message in a Bottle"/The Mother of all Tribute Albums (HM Records) (1998) <br>
Farewell to Juliet: "Chase the Kangaroo"/To Cover You (Addeybug Records) (unreleased) <br>
Farewell to Juliet: Grace and Dire Circumstances (Marathon Records) (1998) <br>
Sunny Day Roses: "Pop"/Courting Courtney (film soundtrack) (1998) <br>
Jeff Elbel: "Miracle Rain (instrumental)"/Looper's Delight, Vol. II (Marathon Records) (1998) <br>
Sunny Day Roses: "You Know What to Do"/RIM: v.beta (Bigwig Entertainment) (1997) <br>
Jeff Elbel: "Miracle Rain"/RIM: v.beta (Bigwig Entertainment) (1997) <br>
Blackball: Hope (Metro One Records) (1997) <br>
Sunny Day Roses: Bloomshine! (Marathon Records) (1996) <br>
Farewell to Juliet: "Sorrow and Pride"/Tastes Like Chicken (Mootown Records) (1994) <br>
Farewell to Juliet: Echoes of Laughter (Marathon Records) (1993) <br>

</doc>
<doc id="9852217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852217" title="Ted Luckenbill">
Ted Luckenbill

Theodore "Ted" Luckenbill (July 27, 1939 – June 24, 2012) was an American professional basketball player. He spent two seasons (1961–1963) in the NBA.
A 6'6" forward who attended Elkhart High School and the University of Houston, Luckenbill was selected by the Philadelphia Warriors in the 1961 NBA Draft. Luckenbill died in Dallas, Texas on June 24, 2012 at age 72 from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9852220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852220" title="WKAR-FM">
WKAR-FM

WKAR-FM is a public radio station in East Lansing, Michigan; broadcasting on the FM dial at 90.5 MHz. It is owned by Michigan State University, and is sister station to the AM radio and television stations with the same call letters.
The station airs classical music, plus several of National Public Radio's more popular programs, such as Morning Edition, Weekend Edition, All Things Considered, A Prairie Home Companion and Car Talk. The former three are simulcast with WKAR-AM.
WKAR-FM is licensed for HD Radio operations. Its second subcarrier is a simulcast of an all-classical music stream from the station's web site. Its third subcarrier is a simulcast of the AM station's NPR news and talk format, continuing operation after the AM's signoff to provide 24/7 NPR service to Lansing. WKAR-AM was formerly heard on WKAR-FM HD2 until December 2012, when WKAR-HD2 became a simulcast of the WKAR Classical stream.
In January 2013, WKAR launched the daily news/arts radio magazine "Current State", an hour-long program of interviews and produced reports devoted Mid-Michigan and statewide politics, government, business, education, environment, science, technology, health, medicine and the arts. The program is broadcast Monday through Friday at 9am and 6pm on 90.5FM and weekdays at noon on AM870. "Current State Weekend" airs Saturdays and Sundays on both 90.5FM and AM870.
The station is also the primary Emergency Alert System (EAS) station for the state of Michigan, relaying emergency messages from the Michigan State Police to all media outlets in Michigan; WKAR-FM hosts statewide tests twice a year. WKAR-FM is also the secondary EAS station for Lansing and the South Central Michigan region (WFMK is the primary station for the region).
The station signed on for the first time on October 4, 1948 as the Lansing area's first FM station. Like most FM stations of the time, it simulcast its AM sister for several years during the AM station's sunrise to sunset broadcast hours. When WKAR-AM concluded its broadcast hours for the day, WKAR-FM would then carry its own signature programming which included classical music and other arts-related programs. The two stations split their broadcasting schedules on March 1, 1965, with the FM station airing fine arts programming.
The station's 85,000-watt signal can be heard as far east as Flint and the Detroit suburbs, and as far west as Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo.

</doc>
<doc id="9852244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852244" title="Dan Minogue">
Dan Minogue

Daniel 'Dan' Minogue (4 September 1891 – 27 July 1961) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.
Minogue was considered a courageous, or perhaps reckless, centre half-back as epitomised when he sustained a broken collarbone playing for Collingwood Football Club in the first minute of the 1911 Grand Final and then playing out the entire match.
Unhappy at the treatment of Jim Sadler, one of his former teammates at Collingwood, his request to transfer to Richmond upon his return from AIF service during World War I created ill feeling and he had to stand out of competition for twelve months in order to secure the transfer.
In addition to playing at three VFL clubs he coached at five clubs – a record that has never been equalled.
In 1996 Minogue was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9852280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852280" title="List of go games">
List of go games

Blood-vomiting Game.
The blood-vomiting game () was played during the Edo period of Japan, on June 27, 1835 between Honinbo Jowa (white) and Intetsu Akaboshi (black). It is noted for the three "ghost moves" that were allegedly given to Jowa during the game by ghosts, and for the premature death of the Go prodigy Intetsu Akaboshi who died after coughing up blood onto the board after the game.
Ear-reddening Game.
The ear-reddening game () was played during the Edo period of Japan, in 1846 between Honinbo Shusaku (black) and Inoue Genan Inseki (white). The game contains the "ear reddening move", so named when a doctor who had been watching the game took note to Genan as his ears flushed red when Shusaku played the move, indicating he had become upset.
"The Game of the Century".
The game of the century refers to a famous game of go between Honinbo Shusai (white) and Go Seigen (black) that was played to celebrate the 60th birthday of Honinbo Shusai. The game began on October 16, 1933 and finished on January 29, 1934. Each player was given twenty-four hours of thinking time. Shusai was the doyen of the Go world, as he was the head of the famous Honinbo Go school, the most prestigious of the schools originally founded at the behest of Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu at the start of the 17th century. Go Seigen was famed as a prodigy, first among a generation of young new brilliant players, and would go on to become one of the most celebrated players of the 20th century. This led newspapers to dub the match the "game of the century".
The tradition at the time dictated whoever played White had the right to adjourn the game at anytime, and there was no sealing of moves. This meant that Shusai, being the nominally stronger player and thus holding White, could adjourn the game whenever it was his turn to play and continue deliberating at his leisure during the adjournment. Shusai called adjournments some 13 times, all at the start of his turn to move, thus prolonging the match to a period of three months (16 October 1933 – 19 January 1934). For instance, on the eighth day of the match, Shusai played first and Go Seigen replied within two minutes. Shusai then thought for three and a half hours but only to adjourn the game. During these adjournments, Shusai would retreat home to study the game with his students.
He trailed throughout the game until, on the 13th day of the match, he made a brilliant move at W160, now celebrated. It was rumored that it was not Shusai but one of his students, Maeda Nobuaki, who was the author of this ingenious move. Segoe Kensaku told a reporter this, in what he thought was an off-the-record interview. Maeda himself even hinted as much. When presented with the opportunities to debunk these rumors, Maeda neither denied nor confirmed them.
Atomic Bomb Go Game.
The atomic bomb go game is a celebrated game of Go that was in progress when the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, Japan on August 6, 1945. The venue of the game was in the suburbs of Hiroshima, about from ground zero.
The game was about to enter its third and final day of play when the bomb dropped at 8:15 am. The players — Hashimoto Utaro, who was the Honinbo title holder, and Iwamoto Kaoru, who was the challenger — had replayed the game to the adjourned position but had not yet started to play on. The explosion caused disruption to the game, damage to the building, and some injuries to those attending the match. Play was resumed after the lunch break, and the game was played to a conclusion that evening. Hashimoto, holding White, won by five points.
Game 1 of the match had been played from July 23 to 25 in the center of Hiroshima. The move to further out of the city area was recommended by the police, after a drop of propaganda leaflets.
The match was continued after the war, ending in a 3-3 draw. A three-game playoff was held in 1946, won by Iwamoto in two straight games to claim the Honinbo title (becoming "Honinbo Kunwa"). Utaro went on to reclaim the title in 1950.
The Honinbo title, originally the name of one of the Four Go houses or state-funded academies of Go that had been set up in the 17th century, had become the first of the annual titles for which professional players compete on the death of Honinbo Shusai. Wartime conditions had made the holding of annual matches problematic, since large preliminary qualifying tournaments were required to find a challenger. In 1945 the Honinbo Tournament was being run for the third time.
Atomic Bomb Go Game at play 106, when the bomb exploded on Hiroshima.
Lee's Broken Ladder Game.
This was a match between Lee Sedol and Hong Chang-sik during the 2003 KAT cup. This game is notable for Lee's use of a broken ladder formation.
Normally playing out a broken ladder is a bad mistake, a pitfall associated with bad beginner play; the chasing stones are left appallingly weak. Between experts it should be decisive, leading to a lost game. Here in this case Lee, playing black, defied the conventional wisdom, pushing development of the ladder to capture a large group of Hong's stones in the lower-right side of the board. Although black could not capture the stones in the ladder, white ultimately resigned.

</doc>
<doc id="9852289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852289" title="Ele e ela">
Ele e ela

"Ele e ela" ("He and she") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Portuguese by Madalena Iglésias.
The song is in the "chanson" style, popular in the early years of the Contest. Iglésias describes the happiness of two people in love - "he" being slightly shy, "she" being beautiful.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Finland's Ann Christine with "Playboy" and preceding Austria's Udo Jürgens with "Merci Chérie". At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 13th (the third time in succession that Portugal had placed 13th) in a field of 18.
The song became a huge evergreen in Portugal and it is arguably one of the most well known and loved Portuguese entries in Portugal.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1967 contest by Eduardo Nascimento with "O vento mudou".

</doc>
<doc id="9852301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852301" title="Temple Records (1984 UK label)">
Temple Records (1984 UK label)

Temple Records was originally an independent record label run by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV from 1984 through 1994 for releases by Psychic TV and related projects. Releases from this era have a TOPY catalog number. TOPYUS was the sublabel for releases inside the United States of America.
In 2003, the label was resurrected as a part of the Voiceprint label group. It is concentrating mainly on reissuing older Psychic TV releases on CD, some of them for the first time. Releases from this era have a TEMPVP catalog number.

</doc>
<doc id="9852313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852313" title="Claude-François Ménestrier">
Claude-François Ménestrier

Claude-François Ménestrier (9 March 1631 – 21 January 1705) was a French heraldist, a member of the Society of Jesus , and attendant of the royal court.
Ménestrier was born in Lyon. He put together numerous books on heraldry, and was one of the greatest heraldic authorities of his age. Ménestrier was the professor of the colleges in Chambéry, Vienne, Grenoble, and Lyon. During 1669-70 he traveled to Germany and Italy, but reached Paris and lived there to his death. He was the most widely known heraldist of his time, and was from 1622 in close correspondence with Philipp Jakob Spener, the founder of the German scientific heraldry who refused the merely symbolic interpretation of arms. Ménestrier maintained that we can know the essence of heraldry only from the sources from the age of living heraldry, but he was also influenced by the heraldic view of his age. Thus, his researches were abortive.

</doc>
<doc id="9852352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852352" title="Murder of Airi Kinoshita">
Murder of Airi Kinoshita

In 2005, , who was a seven-year-old first grade student from the Japanese city of Hiroshima, she was sexually assaulted and murdered by Jose Manuel Torres Yake (born February 1972). He assumed the false name "Juan Carlos Pizarro Yagi". Yake was wanted for a child sexual abuse charge at that time in Peru.
Murder.
An autopsy revealed that she had been murdered within 90 minutes of leaving school around lunchtime on Tuesday, November 22, 2005. She died of suffocation caused by pressure to the neck. A local resident spotted the tape-bound cardboard box in which her body was found in a vacant lot in Hiroshima's Aki Ward. The box had been used as packaging for an oven sold in Higashi. Police said they suspected her killer lured Airi away as she was walking home and strangled her soon afterwards. Her schoolbag was found alongside a road about 300 meters away. She had been carrying a so-called "crime prevention buzzer" but it was missing when her body was found.
300 people attended her funeral in Yatsushiro, Kumamoto Prefecture, her father Kenichi's hometown. The mourners included Ground Self-Defense Force members who served with her father, a soldier. "I was deeply shocked when I was told by police that she was probably murdered," her father said in an address during the funeral. "I feel animosity toward the person who committed the crime. I hope the culprit is caught soon."
Arrest and trial.
Japanese police arrested Torres on November 30, 2005. He insisted that he was a Peruvian of Japanese descent. Before the arrest, the Japanese mass media suspected that the criminal was an "otaku" (nerd), but this proved to be false.
At first Airi's real name was reported in the Japanese mass media. However when it was revealed that she had been sexually assaulted, the Japanese media stopped using her real name. Despite this, Airi's relatives wanted her real name to be reported. On June 26, 2006, her father Kenichi said: After this speech, Japanese mass media resumed reporting Airi's real name. The speech made the name Airi Kinoshita famous in Japan. 
On July 4, 2006, the Hiroshima District Court sentenced Torres to life imprisonment for sexually assaulting and killing the girl, citing his haphazardness. He had dumped the girl's body close to his apartment. Prosecutors appealed against the leniency of the sentence, demanding the death penalty. On December 9, 2008, the Hiroshima High Court reversed and remanded the original verdict. However, the Supreme Court of Japan demanded them to continue his trial. The Hiroshima High Court upheld the life sentence, resulting in the end of his trial because they had not submitted an additional appeal by August 12, 2010.
Reaction.
Kinoshita's death caused parents to panic in Japan, which had been thought to be a "safe society".
Yake faced a child sexual charge in Peru, and so the incident also gave influence on Latin America. A journalist, Kent Paterson, indicated him into debates of femicides in Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="9852390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852390" title="Chalmette High School">
Chalmette High School

Chalmette High School is a high school in the Chalmette area of unincorporated St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a part of St. Bernard Parish Public Schools. Chalmette High School opened in 1954 at the current site of Chalmette Elementary School, previously known as Chalmette Middle School. In 1961, the school moved to the current location on the corner of Palmisano Avenue and Judge Perez Drive. On August 29, 2005, Hurricane Katrina flooded the school, which was being used as an emergency shelter, along with the rest of the Greater New Orleans area. Chalmette High hosted the St. Bernard Unified School, before reopening as Chalmette High School for the 2006-2007 school year. In 2009, "U.S. News" magazine released their rankings of the best high schools in America, based on test scores and other factors. Chalmette earned a bronze medal as one of 39 schools in Louisiana to make the list.
History.
The history of Chalmette High School began in 1928 with the addition of a freshman class to Meraux Elementary School. It is believed that an additional grade level was added each of three subsequent years until a four-year institution could be established. Prior to 1928, any student wanting a high school diploma had to transfer to an Orleans Parish Public School. Orleans Parish agreed to educate any secondary student from St. Bernard for a nominal annual fee, which was paid by St. Bernard Parish School Board.
The first high school in St. Bernard Parish was named Joseph Maumas High School, and was located on Friscoville Street in Old Arabi. Sometime during the 1930s, the name was changed to Arabi High School. The school acquired its present nickname from an owl figurine that hung above the school entrance. The figurine was lost, but the nickname lives on.
In 1954, Arabi High School changed its name to Chalmette Senior High School as it moved to the site of the current Chalmette Elementary School. A new facility was constructed further "down the road" at the corner of (then Goodchildren) Judge Perez and Palmisano, and Chalmette Senior High moved there in 1962.
St. Bernard High was opened in the early 1960s and served the lower end of St. Bernard Parish.
In the fall of 1966, Chalmette High School became an all-boys high school. This helped meet the demand of more classrooms to house the ever growing school population. The solution to the problem of having four co-ed high schools was to segregate by sex. This would cut costs drastically since the parish would only have to build and maintain two stadiums instead of four. Andrew Jackson High School and PGT Beauregard High School served girls for the next 22 years, and they became the "sister" schools to Chalmette and St. Bernard respectively.
During the 1968-1969 term, the school's name was officially changed to Chalmette High School, but the sign outside the front door still has "Senior" on it.
In 1970, the Owls joined the New Orleans Catholic League, in the LHSAA's new class 4A. Though the Owls never won it in football, they were more than a match for their district foes, and this time period is remembered by many as the heyday of the school. In 1975, a Chalmette student let loose a canister of teargas under the football stadium during the rivalry game with Holy Cross. In 1978, they played eventual state champion St. Augustine for a share of the Catholic League championship, and lost 20-19 in front of a still school-record crowd of 14,000 on their campus. Back then, there were no "wild cards" in the LHSAA state football playoffs, so the Owls missed the state playoffs with what could have been one of the top teams in the state.
The year 1971 brought construction to Chalmette High. As the school population grew, more space was needed. An addition was built that is still referred to as "the new building." The school grew to a high of 1,600 boys in the 1970s, but shrank with the opening of Meraux Catholic school Archbishop Hannan High School in 1985. That and the decision to go back to co-ed status in 1989 brought about a mild decline in the school. More students were choosing to attend Andrew Jackson, a magnet school that served the entire parish, rather than just the upper end. Chalmette left the Catholic League football district after the 1988 season.
Chalmette High stayed between 700-900 students for the next 15 years, as their academic ratings stayed stable and their sports teams saw moderate success in class 4A, now no longer the highest classification. Their classification briefly dipped to 3A in the early 2000s, which made them look out of place compared to other 3A schools in Louisiana. In this brief period, them and St. Bernard were in the same LHSAA district.
In 2005, Hurricane Katrina changed everything. The parish was completely devastated, and St. Bernard Parish leaders saw an opportunity to rebuild bigger and better. The St. Bernard Parish school board opened a school in trailers set up in the stadium parking lot in November 2005, and welcomed 334 students from kindergarten to 12th grade on its first day. Chalmette High School played temporarily under the St. Bernard Unified School banner in its sports. By the springtime, the main building on Judge Perez had been repaired.
As the parish struggled with difficult decisions in the aftermath of Katrina, they decided Chalmette High School would be the only one to rebuild after the storm. Archbishop Hannan was relocated to the north shore of Lake Pontchartrain by the Archdiocese. Andrew Jackson and St. Bernard were eventually converted into middle schools. Even rival Holy Cross relocated from their lower 9th ward campus to a new site on Paris Avenue, in Gentilly.
As St. Bernard Parish started to repopulate, Chalmette High School joined LHSAA class 5A for the first time in its history for the 2007 football season, and rejoined the Catholic League. The school is undergoing a transformation, with the freshman academy across Judge Perez at the former Lacoste Elementary, the Cultural Arts Center and St. Bernard Public Library next door, field houses for both the football and baseball teams, the stadiums renovated with artificial turf added, and a skywalk over Judge Perez Drive connecting the two campuses done. Still to come are a new band room, new school library, a new cafeteria, and administrative offices. Chalmette High hit an important milestone in 2012, as they received an "A" rating from the state of Louisiana for their school performance score.
Chalmette High School has seen only six principals in its 84 years. Wayne Warner has been the leader of this school for the past 39 years. From its inception in 1928 until now, as the school population increased and changed with the times, so did Chalmette High to accommodate growth throughout St. Bernard Parish. The school has evolved to meet the increasing demands of an everchanging society.
Athletics.
Chalmette takes great pride in their athletics program. The athletic programs continue to strive towards achieving the goal of an LHSAA state championship, which has never been won in the school's history. The Owls have bounced between districts in their 59 year history, with their longest stay in one district being from 1970–1988, in the famed New Orleans Catholic League. Due to the closure of St. Bernard and Andrew Jackson High Schools and the re-locations of Archbishop Hannan and Holy Cross, Chalmette became the only High School in St. Bernard Parish, thus moving the school to class 5A, the highest classification of the LHSAA, for the first time in 2007.
The Owls retain a rivalry against Holy Cross from their Catholic League days and have played 43 times in football since 1967, HC leading 29-11-3. Notable meetings include the Owls' first state playoff game in 1967, three straight ties between 1973 and 1975, and a 41-6 defeat of the Tigers in 2003 which set the stage for an undefeated regular season. In 2013, the Owls will join district 8-5A consisting of Jefferson Parish Public Schools Bonnabel, Grace King, John Ehret, L.W. Higgins, West Jefferson, and Helen Cox.
Alumni.
There are quite a number of successful people who reign from Chalmette. Norris Weese, a former quarterback of the Fighting Owl Football Team, led Chalmette to the 1968 state semi-finals and later played for the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XII, held in the Louisiana Superdome. Weese's Owls lost in the 1968 semifinals to Shreveport Woodlawn, led by future Arkansas and Buffalo Bills quarterback Joe Ferguson.
Ronnie Lamarque is a locally famous automobile dealer. Walter Boasso is a successful businessman, former state senator, and a 2007 candidate for governor of Louisiana. Mike Romano is Chalmette's most recent major league athlete, having pitched three games for the 1999 Toronto Blue Jays. Jane Boisseau (1963) graduated from NYU law school, was a partner at a worldwide law firm based in New York City, and was selected one of the USA's Best Lawyers. Charles Perniciaro, M.D. (1974) is an internationally recognized dermatologist and dermatopathologist who has published over 50 medical articles and book chapters.
Cultural Arts Center.
A modernist, pillared cultural arts building opened at Chalmette High School in 2011. Clad in brick, stainless steel panels and cement plaster, and complete with a glass atrium lobby, the $28.7 million building on East Judge Perez Drive features a 420-seat theater as its centerpiece. It was paid for through FEMA and Community Development Block Grant funds and private donations.
Designed by Waggonner & Ball Architects of New Orleans and constructed by Mapp Construction of Baton Rouge, work began in March 2009 and was substantially completed by December. It includes a public library on the first floor, fronting Judge Perez Drive.
In addition to the larger theater, there is a 120-seat technology center that has a large cinema screen. Students can plug in laptops at their seats while listening to lectures. Upstairs, there is a choral room, two practice rooms and an instrumental music ensemble room, each soundproof and equipped with recording equipment. There are two dance studios, one that has the same dimensions as the large theater's stage, thereby providing students with a separate practice space. The large theater is designed with acoustics in the forefront, according to its architect, David Waggonner. It sports a classic proscenium arch, an orchestra pit and a fly loft that will allow students to hoist scenery and lights. A student-run coffee shop will provide concessions during shows.
Ninth Grade Academy.
In 2009, construction was completed on a new building across Judge Perez Drive. The complex, across from the main campus, includes a 3-story classroom building, a new gymnasium, a 25 yard indoor swimming pool, a wrestling arena, and a fitness center. The Academy is home to approximately 380 freshmen. The facility was built around research-based practices that recommend 9th-grade academies as a way to stem the drop-out tide that seems to hit 9th-graders across the nation. The program divides students into 3 cohorts of about 126 students which are served by the same 6-8 teachers. The school provides tutoring to students during lunch and after school. In addition, students who choose not to complete assignments or who may choose to complete them without a best effort are required to attend tutoring sessions until work is completed. The Chalmette High School Lacoste Campus complex will also house the school's Cultural Arts facility. That building, scheduled for completion in November 2010, will feature a dance studio, music and choral studios, a performance theater, and a 9th-grade library emphasizing cultural arts. The facility will also house a branch of the public library.
Bobby Nuss Stadium.
Bobby Nuss Stadium is Chalmette's football, soccer, and track and field stadium.
The stadium became officially named on November 1, 1991, in a pre-game ceremony. The stadium was named after Bobby Nuss, a longtime Chalmette football coach who died of a heart attack the year prior to the ceremony.
The stadium's former name was Noel Suarez Stadium, which is now the name of the Owls' baseball field, next door to Nuss Stadium.
Many memorable moments in Chalmette's athletic history have occurred in the stadium. In 2001, the New Orleans' area single game rushing record was broken twice in a three-week span, both times at Nuss Stadium. In addition to this accomplishment, the Owls Football Team completed a 10-0 regular season, their first ever and only one to date, in 2003.
Chalmette football has won district championships in 1961, 1968, 1992, 1999, 2002, 2003, and 2004, but has won multiple playoff games once, in 1968, when they made it to the state semifinals.
The stadium was flooded as a result of Hurricane Katrina, but was repaired in time for the 2006 football season. Its reopening was compared to the New Orleans Saints reopening of the Louisiana Superdome. For the 2007 football season, artificial turf and a new scoreboard with a messaging board were added. The stadium seats 3,750 on the visitor's side and 4,050 on the home side, with concession stands on both sides.
In 2012, Chalmette High unveiled the finest football fieldhouse in the state of Louisiana, with other schools' coaches being envious when they traveled to Chalmette for games and toured it. The first floor features a locker room, coaches' offices, art classrooms, gym, and a storage area. The second floor has meeting rooms, the weight room, a media room, a running track above the gym, and overlooks the field, giving a great view of the action.
Chalmette High School original gym.
Voted one of the top ten gyms in the state of Louisiana, Chalmette's gym seats approximately 1100 in wooden chairback seats and was a location for the filming of "Hurricane Season" and "Glory Road", as well as commercials featuring Michael Jordan and Chris Paul. Chalmette basketball made two Top 28 appearances in 1984 and 1985, and the girls' basketball team was state runner-up in 1991.
Noel Suarez Stadium.
Noel Suarez Stadium is the baseball stadium at Chalmette High School. A new scoreboard was added in 2008, along with the new football scoreboard. The stadium seats approximately 500. For the 2011 season, artificial turf was added, and an indoor batting cage and clubhouse was constructed next to the stadium. A new press box and concession stand was constructed, making a concourse on the last row of the stadium. New individual plastic seats were added, replacing the old wooden benches. Chalmette baseball was state runner-up in 1969 and 1977, and made it to the state semifinals in 1978 and 2005. For the 2013 season, artificial turf was added to the girls' softball field next door, and a bank of tennis courts is being constructed behind left field.

</doc>
<doc id="9852402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852402" title="Korea International School">
Korea International School

Korea International School is a co-educational international preparatory school located in Bundang-Pangyo city (elementary, middle, and high school), Gaepo Seoul (kindergarten),and Jeju-do (elementary and middle school, high school under construction), Korea.
Facilities.
KIS is located in Bundang, a suburb south of Seoul consisting of 4 wings: the elementary, middle, high, and G building. The elementary school wing houses the 25-meter swimming pool, Main Gym, squash courts, and elementary school classrooms. The elementary library is also located on the first floor of the elementary school building. Adjoining the elementary wing is the outdoor soccer field. The school cafeteria connects the elementary school building to the middle school building. The middle school wing contains the music department, the middle school classrooms and the admissions office, located at the first floor. Between the middle and high school building is the Performing Arts Center, which hosts school drama productions, music performances, and ceremonies. The high school wing houses the computer labs, upper gymnasium, weight room, and high school classrooms. The secondary library connects the middle school to the high school building. 
In 2009, the G building was opened on the Pangyo campus. This includes all the foreign language and some of the science classrooms, the "Phoenix Gym", and additional parking. Sky bridges from the high school wing to the middle school wing and from the middle school wing to the G building, were also constructed.
Academics.
KIS has an American-based curriculum for grades K–12. To graduate, high school students must take courses in history, mathematics, literature, science, electives, and arts. In addition to this curriculum, KIS implements a 1 to 1 Macbook program, in which all middle and high schools students have a Macbook to work on collaborative projects such as Ning and Wikispaces. Students are also expected to know how to interact on such networks for discussions. English classes at the high school level develop blogging skills. In a broad range of subjects, students learn how to produce iMovies for media projects.
Sports.
KIS (High School) is a member of KAIAC (Korean-American Interscholastic Activities Conference) Division I. The sports included are:
Fall: Cross-Country, Volleyball, Tennis.
Winter: Basketball, Cheerleading.
Spring: Soccer, Swimming
Prior to the year of 2007-2008, KIS was a Division II KAIAC school. But starting with the 2007-2008 year, KIS was promoted into a Division I KAIAC school. 
Sports Championships (High School):
Division I (Current) 
Fall 2008: Girls Tennis (D.I).
Fall 2009
Division II

</doc>
<doc id="9852413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852413" title="Tamiya TT-01">
Tamiya TT-01

The TT-01 is a 1/10 scale shaft-driven R/C chassis made by Tamiya. Since its release in 2003, the TT-01 has become a very popular entry-level chassis, especially for drifting and rallying applications. The bathtub chassis frame combined with the central driveshaft makes it a durable car for everyday surfaces, and its relatively light weight plastic chassis and cut-out mounting positions for the battery and motor gives it a low center of gravity. Both in Europe and the US the TT-01 is the de facto choice for 24 hour endurance races. These events see teams of competitors, hobbyists, and friends build their TT-01 kit at the track the morning of the race then compete for 24 hours with teams of 5-8 people just like the races at Lemans and Daytona. Tamiya's recent addition of LED lights in most of their TT-01 kits sees these races take on an even more realistic look as the cars sport head and tail lights at night.
Expert built.
Tamiya also sells the TT-01, TT-01D and TT-01E in Ready-to-Run (RTR) versions, designated "XB" or "Expert built". These come with pre-painted body shells, transmitters and receivers, and only needs batteries and a charger to get the model going. 
Depending on your country XB System RTR kits are also available. These ship with a simple wall plug charger and a standard size 7.2V 1800mah NiMH battery. 
Hop-Up.
A TT-01 has many hop-up options. 
Owners can change their gears, ball bearings, motors, shaft, ESC, radio gear,dogbones, tires, chassis,rims, and much more. In the aftermarket, various conversion kits are also available for full upgrade, i.e. Owners can upgrade to Yeah Racing conversion kit, 3Racing option parts and enhance drivability and performance of the car. Some owners also transform these cars into show cars replicating the original and full-size race cars.
Bearings.
Ball bearings are the most essential part of tuning up your R/C car. Full ball bearings enable heightened top speeds and longer component life. Because a TT-01D and the TT-01R chassis comes with full ball bearings, owners will not have to change them.
Heatsinks.
Heatsinks are very important in maintaining your R/C's performance. Heat is the main killer of electronics as heat means resistance. Motor heatsinks are usually aluminum blue in color, but the color black is the best at dissipating heat. Heatsinks have multiple fins to create a larger surface area and thus can dissipate the heat more quickly and effectively. Battery heatsinks are also helpful in reducing your battery's heat.
Rims.
Rim style and color is all up to the buyer. There are many different styles of rims which come in many different colours. Most people will buy rims according to how they match with the color of their bodies, but it is all up to the buyer. Dish style rims can be used, they are more aerodynamic than other styles of rims and have a very clean tidy look. Do not buy rims that are not of a 12 mm hex or they will not be a size that matches the TT-01.
However you should be aware that not all rims with 12 mm hex's will fit the tt-01, as there are various 2.2" and 2.8" wheels with 12 mm hex's that are used on 1/10 stadium trucks.
Tires.
Using the correct type of tire will play a vital role in the performance of your car. Tires used for parking lot drifting uses a hard rubber compound where the tires have medium to less grip. This tire usually comes as kit supplied tires. Some enthusiast uses a 2 inch black PVC pipe as their drift tire. This pipe fits snugly into a standard 2 inch wheel, just apply some CA glue on the outer lip of the wheels. There are also high grip tires which is used for on-road, asphalt or paved race tracks.
Bodies.
Bodies are also all up to the buyer. Bodies are made out of polycarbonate (Lexan®) and are 1/10 scale replicas of a full-sized cars. There is a choice between prepainted or clear bodies. Prepainted bodies tend to be included with the RTR version of it. Clear bodies require masking, painting, cutting off excess material and detailing. Spray painting or airbrushing are the two most common ways of painting R/C bodies, but note that the bodies are typically painted on the inside. There is a very large range of different styles of bodies, they usually come with decals. Because a TT-01 is electric, 190mm width bodies are recommended as the chassis is narrower than that of a nitro R/C car. If 200mm bodies are purchased, offset rims to widen the tire stance may be necessary.
Motors.
The electric motor is one of the most important components of the car. Type 540 motors are usually supplied with the TT-01 chassis. There are numerous other replacement/upgrade motors. It is important to take into consideration that in order to see immediate differences in the speed of your TT-01, changing the motor might not solve the problem. There are different types of motors, either brushed or brushless. Because of their initially higher cost (~$150–200USD and the costs are coming down as of 2011), greater efficiency, and virtually no maintenance, brushless motors were first used by professional racers. Brushed motors are cheaper to buy, have a limited life at racing speeds, and require continuous maintenance of brushes and commutator if they are raced regularly. Brushless motors are capable of practically any RPM range, with many of the more popular winds and turn ratings approaching 3.5T, leaving rpm approaching 70,000 rpm. Special brushed motors are capable of such high rpm, but require even more maintenance as a result.
24 Hours of Andernach (Germany).
The 24 Hours of Andernach (24h Rennen Andernach in German) is an endurance RC race that takes place once a year at the Andernach Autodrom in Germany. Uwe Rheinard, co-creator of the Euro Touring Series, started his annual 24-hour endurance-race event originally using Tamiya FWD kits. Since its introduction, the TT01 kit has been utilized. RC Racers around the world see this race as the biggest RC endurance race and many races in other countries are modeled after it. All teams utilize a Porsche 911 body. Since the event is held outdoors, the teams must be prepared for rain just like the real thing, because they do not stop the race for weather. In 2012, Conrad Electronic supported the event with 4000 mAh LiPo batteries. Rules allow a maximum of five battery packs.
With 3482 laps, or 630 km, team ‘Wilde 13′ won for the fourth time in row with their Falken-Porsche using only two sets of tires and without a single parts failure.
24 Hours of Jackson (USA).
Inspired by Andernach, RC racers in the US caught onto the fun of endurance racing with the TT-01, most notably with the creation of the 24 Hours of Jackson held in Jackson, New Jersey. The race is promoted courtesy of the Jackson RC club, who are also known for hosting the 2011 ROAR National RC Championships. They held their 1st annual event in 2010 with great success seeing almost all teams finish the race. The facility is also an outdoor, curbed, euro-style track which is ideal for endurance racing as it cuts down on marshal needs which adds up over 24 hours. Many teams will find a motor change needed at some point in the race which again makes the TT-01 an ideal platform with its shaft drive making the change quick and painless. The race allows teams of 5-8 people and, unlike Andernach, the ability to choose their body of choice from 6-8 available selections that are in stock from Tamiya. Jackson also came to the decision in keeping the track layout the same for this particular race so subsequent years could attempt to break the distance record. This was to be the case with the winning team in 2010 covering 3963 laps only to be broken by the 2011 winner who managed 4118 laps total.

</doc>
<doc id="9852416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852416" title="Jacopo Gianninoto">
Jacopo Gianninoto

Jacopo Gianninoto is an Italian lutenist, guitarist and composer.
He has published a series of books of transcriptions of ancient music for Lute, Baroque guitar and Theorbo, adapted for classical guitar, contributing to the rediscovery of ancient Italian repertoire. His publishing work include a revision for guitar of the Antonio Vivaldi’s “Concerto per due Violini Leuto e Basso RV93”, a transcription for guitar of the J.S. Bach’s sonatas originally written for solo violin, works on Vincenzo Galilei (father of the scientist Galileo Galilei), Johannes Hieronymus Kapsberger, Francesco Corbetta, Johannes Matelart, Alessandro Piccinini, Francesco Spinacino, Vincenzo Capirola and S.L. Weiss.
Gianninoto has performed concerts in Italy, Europe and South-East Asia, and has published some CD, as a performer and as a composer.
He is currently a Full-Time Lute and Guitar lecturer and Special Advisor for the Department of Music Performance at the Assumption University of Bangkok, Thailand and collaborates with several international music institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="9852451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852451" title="O vento mudou">
O vento mudou

"O vento mudou" ("The wind changed") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Portuguese by Eduardo Nascimento. Eduardo Nacimento released an English version of this song entitled "Listening".
The song is in the "chanson" style, popular in the early years of the contest. Nascimento sings about a former lover, who told him that she was going to see the world, promising to return if the wind changed. He explains that the wind "did" change, but that it did not bring her expected return. He asks the wind to bring her back to him, however he also asks the clouds to cover his pain as he feels that he will die without her.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following France's Noëlle Cordier with "Il doit faire beau là-bas" and preceding Switzerland's Géraldine with "Quel coeur vas-tu briser". At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 12th in a field of 17. Nascimento was the first black male performer at Eurovision, the year after Milly Scott from the Netherlands became the first black female to sing.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1968 contest by Carlos Mendes with "Verão".

</doc>
<doc id="9852458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852458" title="National Museum of Colombo">
National Museum of Colombo

National Museum of Colombo, also known as the Sri Lanka National Museum is one of two museums in Colombo. It is the largest museum in Sri Lanka. Its is maintained by the Department of National Museum of the central government. The museum holds contains a collections of much importance to Sri Lanka such as the regalia of the country, including the throne and crown of the Kandyan monarchs as well as many other exhibits telling the story of ancient Sri Lanka.
History.
The Colombo museum as it was called at the beginning was established on 1 January 1877. It founder was Sir William Henry Gregory the British Governor of Ceylon (Sri Lanka) at the time. The Royal Asiatic Society (CB) was instrumental in bringing to the notice of Gregory on his appointment as Governor in 1872 the need for a public Museum with much difficulty the approval of the legislative council was obtained within a year. The Architect of the Public Works Department, J. G. Smither was able to prepare the plans for new structure on Italian Architectural style. The construction was completed in 1876 and the Museum commenced it functions in the following year.
The construction of the Museum was carried out by Arasi Marikar Wapchie Marikar (born 1829, died 1925, aka Wapchi Marikar Bass, who was descended from the Sheiq Fareed family who arrived in Ceylon in 1060 AD), paternal grandfather of Sir Razik Fareed, Kt., JPUM, OBE, MP (born, 29 December 1893, died 23 August 1984). Wapchi Marikar Bass was the builder of the General Post Office in Colombo, Colombo Customs, Old Town Hall in Pettah, Galle Face Hotel, Victoria Arcade, Finlay Moir building, the Clock Tower, Batternburg Battery and many other buildings that are still standing today (2011). The Old Town Hall in Pettah, which is now a busy market, was built on a contract for the sum of 689 Streling Pounds.
In January 1877, the completed building of the Colombo Museum was declared open by Governor Gregory, in the presence of a large crowd, amongst which there were many Muslims present. At the end of the ceremony, the governor asked Arasi Marikar Wapchi Marikar what honour he wished to have for his dedication. He asked the same question of the carpenter who assisted Wapchi Marikar with the woodwork of the Museum, who requested and was awarded a local rank. Wapchi Marikar requested that the museum be closed on Fridays, the Muslim sabbath; this request was granted and maintained, although the Museum later much opened on all days except public holidays
When the throne of the last Kandyan King was to be exhibited at the Museum, the then Prime Minister, Mr. D.S.Senanayake, obtained the consent of Sir Razik Fareed, Wapchi Marikar’s grandson, to keep the Museum open on the intervening Fridays only.
During the period between 1877 and 1999, the authorities of the museum took various steps to display the cultural and natural heritage of the country for this purpose. Several other wings were added from time to time under the direction of Dr. Arthur Willey and Dr. Joseph Pearson new structures were built during the period of Dr. P. E. P. Deraniyagala, Dr. P. H. D. H. de Silva and Sirinimal Lakdusinghe. One of the natural history museum, and yet another consists of the auditorium. These buildings would facilitate the extension of the library ethnological and Anthropological studies, etc.
Developments after 1940.
The museum was given the status of a national museum during the period of P. E. P. Deraniyagala. He opened branch museums in Jaffna, Kandy, and Rathnapura and a fullly-fledged department of national museum was established in 1942 under the act No. 31. Nine branch museumss were ultimately opened, and a school science programme and a mobile museum service are also in operation.
The museum has a copy of the Statue of Tara, a three-quarter life size statue of Tara currently held in the British Museum. The crown jewels and the throne of the last King of Kandy, which were returned to Sri Lanka by the British Government, were added to the museum collection. Ground floor galleries are arranged in historical sequence, and upper galleries thematically. 
A library was also established on 1 January 1877. The government Oriental library (1870) was incorporated into Colombo National Museum library, and served as the nucleus of the library collection by collecting the local publications of the past 129 years; the library has been functioning as an unofficial national library in Sri Lanka, and became the first legal deposit library in the island. From its inception, special attention was given to building up of a collection related to Sri Lanka, Orientation and Natural Science.
Library holdings.
Those collections indeed portray the development of the library holdings and in 1885 the law requires that a copy of every document printed in the country has to be deposited in the museum library. At present the library accommodates over 12 million titles including a large number of rare books, periodicals and palm leaf manuscripts.
The collection reflects the subject areas of interests and ongoing activities of the museum. The scope of the museum library is as follows;
Services of the library.
Library services include:
External links.
Museum robbed

</doc>
<doc id="9852479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852479" title="Jebsen Group">
Jebsen Group

Jebsen & Co () is a marketing and distribution company based and headquartered in Hong Kong. It is the agent for a range of businesses throughout East Asia, including luxury products, beverages, electronic consumer goods, and industrial equipment. It serves as the main distributor of Porsche, Casio and Raymond Weil in the People's Republic of China and Hong Kong.
Currently Hans Michael Jebsen is the Chairman of the Group, with Helmuth Hennig as the Group Managing Director.
History.
Originally founded in 1895 as a shipping agency, by Heinrich Jessen and Jacob Jebsen, Jebsen & Co later embraced the import-export trade business in the early years of British colonial rule. In 1953, Jebsen imported the first Volkswagen Beetle into Hong Kong. In 1963, the company was required to temporarily close its offices in China, afterwards opening them again in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9852501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852501" title="Llenlleney'ten">
Llenlleney'ten

The 'Llenlleney'ten are a First Nations people in the Chilcotin District-Fraser Canyon region of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are a subgroup of the Secwepemc people and reside on a remote stretch of the Fraser River about 50 kilometres north of Lillooet at a location known as High Bar, and also at adjacent Low Bar. Together with the Esketemc of the Alkali Lake Indian Band they are sometimes called the Canyon Shuswap, and historically have close ties to their Tsilhqot'in neighbours. The Llenlleney'ten are mostly Secwepemc ethnically, but have close family ties and shared cultural traditions with the Tsilhqot'in.
Their band government is called the High Bar First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="9852502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852502" title="Beart">
Beart

The surname Beart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9852513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852513" title="Blood-vomiting game">
Blood-vomiting game

The blood-vomiting game (, "doketsu no ikkyoku") is a famous game of Go of the Edo period of Japan, played on June 27, 1835 between Honinbo Jowa (white) and Intetsu Akaboshi (black). It is noted for the three "ghost moves" that were allegedly given to Jowa during the game by ghosts, and for the premature death of the go prodigy Intetsu Akaboshi who died soon after coughing up blood onto the board after the game. Selected moves of the game are shown in diagrams.
After continually struggling to gain the post of Meijin, Honinbo Jowa had won the title over rival Inoue Genan Inseki. The rivalry between Jowa and Inseki began when a game scheduled between the two was cancelled. The game, scheduled for February 18, 1828, was to be played due to Inseki's recent promotion to 8 dan. The game was cancelled by Jowa's side, who claimed that Inseki did not deserve his promotion but had gained it through intrigue. This led Inseki to attempt to remove Jowa from his post. Failing to keep to an agreement, Jowa refused to give up his post to Inseki after 6 years (1834). Inseki then sent his pupil, Intetsu Akaboshi, expected to become Meijin after Jowa, to play Jowa in a match. The match lasted for four days without any adjournments. Jowa won the match, and while kneeling over the board Akaboshi coughed or vomited up blood. He died within a few months. As Akaboshi was only 25 years old at the time, it is often suggested that pre-existing gastrointestinal bleeding or pulmonary disease had weakened his health, and it is possible that Akaboshi was sick for months with these diseases already.
The game.
The secret Inoue house move.
The secret move used by Akaboshi in the match was developed by Genan Inseki and others in the Inoue house as a taisha variation. The move, shown in the diagram, gave Akaboshi a lead by attacking the white stones in the center and being able to capture two stones later on in the game.
The ghost moves.
The three "ghost moves" were believed to have been brought to Jowa by ghosts, allowing him to come back in a game he was losing. These moves eventually led to Jowa winning by resignation. 
The first two ghost moves, white 2 and 4 in the diagram below, allowed white to ignore black's move at 1 in order to play another move at 6 due to the aji of "a".
The third ghost move was an example of bad shape but good move. Although forming an empty triangle shape is normally avoided because it is inefficient, the move allowed Jowa to launch a splitting attack that would lead to his victory.

</doc>
<doc id="9852555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852555" title="Verão">
Verão

"Verão" ("Summer") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Portuguese by Carlos Mendes.
The song in the "chanson" style, popular in the early years of the Contest. Mendes sings about his feelings at the end of a summer, which he describes as "a dream that ended" but seems unwilling to discuss further. He adds, however, that summer will always return, a thought which seems to cheer him.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding the Netherlands' Ronnie Tober with "Morgen". At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 11th in a field of 17.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1969 Contest by Simone de Oliveira with "Desfolhada portuguesa".

</doc>
<doc id="9852574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852574" title="Nest (band)">
Nest (band)

Nest is a Finnish neofolk / ambient band. The band's inspiration comes from the old folk and animal tales, as well as from the works of J.R.R. Tolkien and the Grimm Brothers. Kantele, a traditional Finnish musical instrument, is very prominent in the band's music. They contributed a cover of the song "The Gallant Crow" to the Skepticism tribute album "Entering the Levitation".

</doc>
<doc id="9852609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852609" title="Aitutaki Airport">
Aitutaki Airport

Aitutaki Airport is an airport on Aitutaki in the Cook Islands . The airport was originally constructed by the United States and New Zealand militaries during World War II. The runway recently underwent a $3.8 million upgrade.[http://www.cook-islands.gov.ck/view_release.php?release_id=312]
The "terminal" building at Aitutaki Airport is basically a roof with no or few windows. There is a small convenience stall where you can purchase snacks and drinks. Resort meet and greet stalls are also inside the terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="9852653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852653" title="Temple Records">
Temple Records

Temple Records may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9852662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852662" title="Camp Ashby (Virginia)">
Camp Ashby (Virginia)

Camp Ashby in the Thalia community of Princess Anne County, Virginia was the largest Prisoner of War camp in South Hampton Roads during World War II. It housed 6,000 German troops, many of Adolf Hitler's Afrika Corps who had been captured in North Africa during the closing years of World War II.
Camp Ashby was erected quickly in 1942 on land leased from the state. At the time, the property's dominant feature was the Tidewater Victory Memorial Hospital, a tuberculosis sanitarium at Virginia Beach Boulevard and Thalia Road. That building became the camp's headquarters. The camp's low-slung barracks were scattered across of woods and field north of the present main branch of the Virginia Beach Central Library and Loehman's Plaza shopping center.
In modern times, the original hospital building is part of the Willis Wayside Furniture complex. Although several barracks buildings were converted and are extant as private residences, little else remains of the original camp.

</doc>
<doc id="9852667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852667" title="Chris Spencer (American football)">
Chris Spencer (American football)

Christopher Clark "Chris" Spencer (born March 28, 1982) is an American football offensive lineman for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League. He was selected with the 26th overall pick in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft out of the University of Mississippi by the Seattle Seahawks. He has also played for the Chicago Bears.
Early years.
Spencer was born in Madison, Mississippi. He was part of the nationally ranked and undefeated Madison Central High School in the Madison football team in 2000, which contained 5 current NFL players. After his prep career, he was one of the most highly touted offensive line recruits in the Southeast. His home ties led him to choose the University of Mississippi, where he played alongside Madison Central teammates Doug Buckles and Mike Espy (of the Washington Redskins). During the 2003 season, the Ole Miss Rebels had an impressive campaign, winning 10 games concluded with a Cotton Bowl Classic victory over Oklahoma State.
Professional career.
2005 NFL Draft.
Spencer was considered one of the best centers available in the 2005 NFL Draft, along with Jason Brown. He was projected a late second round pick, and was eventually selected 26th overall in the first round.
Seattle Seahawks.
In his first season with the Seattle Seahawks, he played 7 games. In the 2006 season, he played in all 16 games for Seattle, starting 13 of them, most at the guard position, next to longtime Seattle center Robbie Tobeck. Spencer succeeded Tobeck as starting center for the 2007 season, as Tobeck had retired at the end of 2006.
Chicago Bears.
On July 31, 2011, he was signed by the Chicago Bears to replace the outgoing Olin Kreutz. During the 2011 season, Spencer alternated between center and guard with Roberto Garza. In Week 4 against the Carolina Panthers, Spencer subbed for Lance Louis, but would himself go out of the game with a hand injury.
On November 22, 2012, Spencer was named as the Bears starting guard after Chilo Rachal was placed on the reserve/non-football injury list.
Tennessee Titans.
On April 1, 2013, Spencer signed with the Tennessee Titans. On April 2, 2014, Spencer re-signed with the Titans on a new one year deal.
Personal.
In 2006 he married Coastal Carolina Elite volleyball player Katherine Jensen.

</doc>
<doc id="9852674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852674" title="The Personality Kid">
The Personality Kid

The Personality Kid is a 1934 film starring Pat O'Brien as a flamboyant boxer, Glenda Farrell as his bride, and Claire Dodd as the other woman. The movie was directed by Alan Crosland.

</doc>
<doc id="9852677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852677" title="Mary MacKillop Interpretive Centre">
Mary MacKillop Interpretive Centre

The Mary MacKillop Interpretive Centre is located in Penola, South Australia. It is close to the two State Heritage sites of Petticoat Lane and the original stone schoolhouse developed by Mary MacKillop in conjunction with Father Julian Tenison Woods in the 19th century.
The Mary Mackillop Interpretive Centre was constructed at Penola in order to centralise many management, interpretive and commercial functions and to accommodate an ever increasing number of visitors. The Mary MacKillop Interpretive Centre opened in 1998 and is housed in an architecturally designed facility. It is one of many museums and displays created worldwide to convey the life and achievements of Mary MacKillop. A committee of 15 local volunteers donate their time to open this display to the public.
Within the centre are two main sections, one focussing on the life of Mary MacKillop and the other on Father Julian Tenison Woods, a priest that was also a major figure in Penola’s development. The display explores the beginnings of the Catholic education system and the foundation of a new religious institute formed by Woods and MacKillop in the late 19th century, called the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart.

</doc>
<doc id="9852690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852690" title="Smokey Fontaine">
Smokey Fontaine

Named after the Motown legend, Smokey D. Fontaine is the Chief Content & Creative Officer of InteractiveOne overseeing the programming and development of the largest online network in the world dedicated to serving African-American, Latino and other diverse audiences. His charge includes iOne’s unique national sites: HelloBeautiful.com TheUrbanDaily.com ZonaDeSabor.com, NewsOne.com Elev8.com & GIANTlife.com and strategic partners: GlobalGrind and TheGrio. His mandate—to engage and empower the full and diverse range of “new urban” communities—is an editorial, technological, and brand-building achievement that has cross-platform (online, radio, TV, print) executions and unparalleled scale (82% of the US African-American population).
Interactive One, the standalone digital division of Radio One & TV One reaches > 22MM online users each month and has grown its audience >250% the past two years.
Life.
Fontaine's parents are African-American Jewish actress Pat Hartley (who appeared in several Andy Warhol films as well as "Rainbow Bridge" and "Absolute Beginners") and British documentary filmmaker Dick Fontaine (maker of the 1984 BBC documentary "", in which the young Fontaine can briefly be seen sitting next to DJ Kool Herc). Growing up on Manhattan's Upper West Side around the corner from Rock Steady Park, home of the breakdancing pioneers Rock Steady Crew, Fontaine did some DJ'ing himself while attending Bronx High School of Science.
At Wesleyan University (Middletown, Connecticut), Fontaine double-majored in English and African-American studies; while in college he met Stephanie Addison, his future wife.
After two years teaching in Baltimore, Maryland, as part of the Teach for America program, he returned to New York City, interned for "VIBE", and began writing on the side for British hip hop magazine "True", soon renamed as "Trace", where he eventually became an editor and hired away his own previous editor at "VIBE", Scott Poulson-Bryant.
While at "True"/"Trace" he befriended Sean "Puffy" Combs. His editor-in-chief thought the relationship was too close, and that Combs was using him. "We were certainly being hustled," said Fontaine later, "but in all hustles, there has to be a counter-hustle." Fontaine thought that their "little magazine with no money and no marketing" stood to "ride [Combs'] coattails"; the editor-in-chief disagreed; Fontaine soon left to become features editor for "The Source".
An assignment to write a cover story on rapper DMX resulted in his spending two years as part of DMX's posse, getting 350 hours of "interviews" with him, which he shaped into "E.A.R.L.: The Autobiography of DMX".
In 2001, Fontaine hooked up with Damon Dash (rapper Jay-Z's manager); Dash financed the magazine "America", with Fontaine running the show. The magazine first appeared in spring 2004. Fontaine left in 2006 after a falling out with Dash; he left to become editor-in-chief of "GIANT", starting with the August 2006 issue.
Works.
Formerly, Fontaine was the CEO and Editor-in-Chief of "GIANT", the magazine of celebrity, style, and culture. Since taking the helm of the newly re-launched publication in August of 2006, Fontaine cemented his status as one of the hottest editors in the magazine world with back-to-back covers of Beyonce, Sean “Diddy” Combs, Janet Jackson, Jennifer Lopez, Chris Brown, Rihanna, Alicia Keys and Prince.
Prior to that, Fontaine was most notably the Senior Producer of Entertainment for Volume.com, the $35 million Internet portal sponsored by HBO; the US Editor of "Trace" magazine, where he secured the fashion and music magazine’s US distribution and advertising deals and wrote nine cover stories; and the Music Editor of "The Source", where he oversaw the growth of the world’s largest music magazine on the newsstand and was nominated for a National Magazine Award for General Excellence in 2000.
"america", an “urban luxury” publication he dreamed up while visiting his childhood home in London, England, enabled Fontaine to run his own company and continue his high-end cross-platform work with clients that included Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, Target and Lexus. His "42-page portfolio" with Sean “Diddy” Combs and Penelope Cruz by photographer Peter Lindbergh for Estee Lauder is considered an advertorial benchmark.
In 2002, Fontaine released his first two books. The first, What’s Your HI-FI Q? (Simon & Schuster/Fireside) with partner Scott Poulson-Bryant, is an entertaining trivia book wrapped around three decades of black popular music; the second, EARL: The Autobiography of DMX (Harper Collins Entertainment), is a 350+ page life history of hip-hop’s most tortured superstar hailed by Publisher’s Weekly as an “unsparing, painfully honest account…to Manchild In The Promised Land.”
Fontaine’s first published piece was a retrospective essay about his relationship with James Baldwin for the "Diary of the Civil Rights Movement" in 1989 and he has since twice received the prestigious “Spotlight Article of the Month” award from the London Guardian newspaper. In 2010, Fast Company named Fontaine one of Teach For America’s “Most Influential Alumni” and in 2012 he was honored with a “Most Inspiring” Telly Award for “Most Inspiring” for his writing / hosting of AT&T’s "Rethink Possible" video series. 
Fontaine is also a featured music correspondent for the BBC and Channel 4 networks in England, and is a repeat guest on CNN, The Today Show, FOX News, VH-1, MSNBC, Roland Martin's Washington Watch, and the Rev. Al Sharpton’s “Keeping It Real” syndicated radio broadcast.  His latest show, Interludes Live! has featured Alicia Keys, John Legend, Trey Songz, Jennifer Hudson and others, and premiered on TV One.

</doc>
<doc id="9852695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852695" title="The Ultimate Adventure">
The Ultimate Adventure

The Ultimate Adventure is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 2006.
Like his 2004 album "To the Stars", "The Ultimate Adventure" is a musical tribute to the work of science fiction author and Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. The album draws heavily upon the rhythmic and melodic traditions of African, Spanish and Arabian musics.
"The Ultimate Adventure" peaked number 7 in the "Billboard" Top Jazz albums and also won two Grammy awards in 2007 for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance (Individual or Group) and Best Instrumental Arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="9852702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852702" title="Caspar Wintermans">
Caspar Wintermans

Caspar Wintermans (born 1966, The Netherlands) is an author and scholar. He studied art history and archaeology at Leiden University. Much of his work has centered on Lord Alfred Douglas, poet and intimate friend of Oscar Wilde. His published works include "Halcyon Days: Contributions to The Spirit Lamp", "Dear Sir: Letters of Mr. and Mrs. Couperus to Oscar Wilde", "I Desire The Moon: The Diary of Lady Alfred Douglas (Olive Custance)", and "Oscar Wilde: A Plea and a Reminiscence". He is currently working on an edition of the collected correspondence of Alfred Douglas.
His latest book about Douglas is "Alfred Douglas: A Poet's Life and his Finest Work", a biography of Lord Alfred 'Bosie' Douglas which sets out to defend Oscar Wilde's beloved Bosie from over a century of false accusations, lies, and misinformation. Wintermans presents the case that Alfred Douglas was, contrary to popular belief, a supportive and kind lover who worshipped the playwright - and whose subsequent life was destroyed. The biographical portion of the book is also accompanied by an anthology of Douglas' poetry. The biography is an expanded English translation of Wintermans' earlier publication, "Alfred Douglas. De boezemvriend van Oscar Wilde", which has also been translated into German and published as "Lord Alfred Douglas, ein Leben im Schatten von Oscar Wilde".
In addition to his work on Alfred Douglas, Wintermans is a scholar of Gothic literature. His most recent publication in this area is an unabridged version of Augustus Jacob Crandolph's "The Mysterious Hand; Or Subterranean Horrours!", which features an introduction and accompanying notes by Wintermans. This was published by Valancourt Books, who are due to publish a study by Wintermans on the French novelist and poet Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen, entitled "Un scandale belle époque: L'affaire d'Adelsward à travers la presse parisienne"

</doc>
<doc id="9852714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852714" title="Enua Airport">
Enua Airport

Enua Airport is an airport in Atiu in the Cook Islands. It is the second airport built on the island, and was constructed in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="9852727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852727" title="Colder Than Hell">
Colder Than Hell

Colder than Hell: A Marine Rifle Company at Chosin Reservoir (1996) is a nonfiction book about the Korean War written by Joseph R. Owen
In particular, the book details the author's experience as a lieutenant of Baker Company, 1st Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment. It includes the actions for which Archie Van Winkle and Ray Davis received the Medal of Honor

</doc>
<doc id="9852754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852754" title="Esketemc">
Esketemc

The 'Esketemc are a First Nations people in the Cariboo Regional District of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are a subgroup of the Secwepemc people and reside around the community of Alkali Lake , an unincorporated settlement and Indian Reserve community on the Cariboo Plateau south of the city of Williams Lake.
Their band government is called the Alkali Lake Indian Band.

</doc>
<doc id="9852757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852757" title="Anne &amp; Gilbert">
Anne &amp; Gilbert

Anne & Gilbert is a musical based on the "Anne of Green Gables" series of books by Lucy Maud Montgomery. The show was based on the books "Anne of Avonlea" and "Anne of the Island", and adapted by Jeff Hochhauser, Nancy White, and Bob Johnston.
Plot.
The show closely follows that of the books on which it was based, with just a handful of alterations and a number of cuts for length. The first act is entirely based on "Anne of Avonlea", while the second act is based on "Anne of the Island".
During the course of the first act, Gilbert Blythe gives up the position of Avonlea Schoolmaster for Anne Shirley, allowing her to stay close to home to care for her adoptive mother, Marilla Cuthbert. It is revealed that almost all of Avonlea knows that Gilbert is deeply in love with Anne, and she with him, although Anne will not admit it. In return for the kindness he has done her, Anne agrees to a wager with Gil; he will propose to her at some day of his choosing, and if she says no he will never ask again. After some time, Anne's best friend Diana Barry becomes engaged to her beau, Fred Wright and at the end of the first act, marries him. Gilbert takes advantage of his wager with Anne and proposes to her following the wedding, but she rejects him. He vows never to propose again. Through a series of fortuitous events, Anne is finally able to follow her dreams and go to Redmond University.
The second act opens with "Anne of the Island", introducing several new friends for Anne. Meanwhile Anne falls in love with a millionaire named Royal Gardner much to the dismay of Marilla and Diana back home in Avonlea. Although she toys with the idea of marrying Roy, she finally decides that she does not truly love him and rejects his proposal. Roy storms off and is not seen again. Gilbert, who is paying his way through University with odd jobs, happens to be working as a waiter at the restaurant where Anne and Roy are. He gives Anne an early birthday gift in the form of three letters her parents left behind before they died. As she reads the letters she begins to realize that she truly can love somebody, and finally finds the love she's had for Gilbert all along.
The show ends with Anne proposing to Gilbert back home in Avonlea for the summer, as the entire town and several friends from Redmond look on.
Performances.
"Anne and Gilbert" played at Medicine Hat High School in Medicine Hat, Alberta from December 13-19, 2013. Directed by Richard F. Grafton, Assistant Director Hannah Rud, and Musical Director Lisa Clemens. Karen Cunningham Performing Arts Centre.
In 2013, the original production moved to The Guild Theatre downtown Charlottetown. Starring Ellen Denny as Anne Shirley and Patrick Cook as Gilbert Blythe. The show was positively received for his re-imagined staging and acoustic musical reorchestrations. The intimacy of the space and close proximity of the audience to the actors created an unforgettable "Anne Experience". The show returns with for its second season at the new location, returning with its two title stars.

</doc>
<doc id="9852759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852759" title="Mangaia Airport">
Mangaia Airport

Mangaia Airport is an airport on Mangaia in the Cook Islands. In 2007, the airport received $5 million for development.[http://www.ciherald.co.ck/articles/h340c.htm]
Airlines and destinations.
The Air Rarotonga Rarotonga connection is operated four days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="9852765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852765" title="2007 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
2007 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 2007 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina in the 2007 college football season. The Tar Heels played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina competed in the Atlantic Coast Conference, and was led by first year coach Butch Davis.
Previous season.
The 2006 North Carolina football team began with the Tar Heels unranked in the AP and coaches' preseason polls. Despite the fact that they were receiving little national attention, there was much optimism in the state of North Carolina.
The team got off to a shaky start losing six out of their first seven games. Just days after playing their seventh game of the season, a 23-0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville, the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season." After the announcement of Bunting's firing the team arguably became much more competitive and won their last two games of the season, 23–9 against North Carolina State and 45-44 against Duke.
Preseason.
Immediately after Bunting's firing on October 22, 2006 there was much speculation over who UNC would name their new football coach. Rumors immediately started to circulate that former head coach of the Cleveland Browns and Miami Butch Davis was highly interested in the job vacancy." Athletic director Dick Baddour put the rumors to rest when he announced on November 13, 2006 that Butch Davis had agreed to become the new head football coach."
Soon after his hiring, Butch Davis began to assemble his coaching staff. He was able to lure Offensive Coordinator John Shoop and Defensive Coordinator Chuck Pagano from the Oakland Raiders of the NFL, and Defensive Line Coach John Blake from Nebraska. Blake is regarded by many to be one of the best recruiters in all of college football."
As of March 2007 many publications began releasing preseason rankings for the upcomingfootball season. Although UNC still ranked in the lower tier of the Atlantic Coast Conference, many publications were impressed with the Tar Heels' hiring of Butch Davis and their top ranked recruiting class."
Recruiting.
The Tar Heels received 20 letters of intent on National Signing Day, February 7, 2007. Three student athletes had already enrolled before National Signing Day making this class relatively large with 23 commitments.
Schedule.
Did not play: Boston College, Clemson, and Florida State.

</doc>
<doc id="9852773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852773" title="Old and New Light">
Old and New Light

The terms Old Lights and New Lights (among others) are used in Christian circles to distinguish between two groups who were initially the same, but have come to a disagreement. These terms have been applied in a wide variety of ways, and the meaning must be determined from context. Typically, if a denomination is changing, and some refuse to change, and the denomination splits, those who did not change are referred to as the "Old Lights", and the ones who changed are referred to as the "New Lights".
History.
The terms were first used during the First Great Awakening, which spread through the British North American colonies in the middle of the 18th century.. In "A Faithful Narrative of the Surprising Work of God" (1737), Jonathan Edwards, a leader in the Awakening, describes his congregants vivid experiences with grace as causing a "new light" in their perspective on sin and atonement. Old Lights and New Lights generally referred to Congregationalists and Baptists in New England who took different positions on the Awakening than the traditional branches of their denominations. New Lights embraced the revivals that spread through the colonies, while Old Lights were suspicious of the revivals (and their seeming threat to authority). Historian Richard Bushman credits the division between Old Lights and New Lights for the creation of political factionalism in Connecticut in the mid-eighteenth century. Often many "new light" Congregationalists who had been converted under the preaching of George Whitefield left that connection to become "new light" Baptists when they found no evidence of infant baptism in the apostolic church. When told of this development, Whitefield famously quipped that he was glad to hear about the fervent faith of his followers but regretted that "so many of his chickens had become ducks." The Presbyterian Church in Pennsylvania would experience a division during the Great Awakening, with those elements of the denomination embracing the revivals called "New Side" and those opposed to the revivals called "Old Side."
In the Church of Scotland in the 1790s the "Auld Lichts" followed the principles of the Covenanters, while the "New Lichts" were more focused on personal salvation and considered the strictures of the Covenants as less binding.
The terms were also used during the Second Great Awakening in America, in the early 19th century. New Lights were distinctive from the Old Lights in that they were more evangelical and, as historian Patricia Bonomi describes, carried "ferocity peculiar to zealots...with extravagant doctrinal and moral enormities."
The terms were also used in 1833, when a debate over swearing allegiance to the U.S. Constitution split the Reformed Presbyterians. The "Old Light" Reformed Presbyterians, in keeping with their Covenanter heritage, refused to swear allegiance to the constitution and thus become citizens because the constitution made no mention of the Lordship of Christ, whereas the "New Light" Reformed Presbyterians allowed for it. Following the split, the Old Lights eventually formed the Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America and the New Lights formed the Reformed Presbyterian Church, General Synod.

</doc>
<doc id="9852784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852784" title="Manihiki Island Airport">
Manihiki Island Airport

Manihiki Island Airport is an airport on Manihiki in the Cook Islands . 
Airlines and destinations.
The Air Rarotonga Rarotonga flight is available weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="9852789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852789" title="Fort Yamhill">
Fort Yamhill

Fort Yamhill was an American military fortification in what became the state of Oregon. Built in 1856 in the Oregon Territory, it remained an active post until 1866. The Army outpost was used to provide a presence next to the Grand Ronde Agency Coastal Reservation. Several officers stationed at the United States Army post prior to the American Civil War would later serve as generals in that war.
Construction.
Built in Polk County, Oregon, the outpost consisted of a wooden blockhouse, sentry box, barracks, officers’ quarters, carpenter's shop, hospital, cook houses, blacksmith shop, tables, barn, sutler’s store, and laundress quarters. The wood blockhouse was built to provide a refuge to settlers of the area in case of attack by the Native Americans. After the fort was abandoned the block house was moved from the hill it was positioned on and served as a jail in the Valley Junction area, and later moved about east to Dayton.
Total cost to build the fort was $36,053. The post’s first troops were under the command of William Babcock Hazen. This garrison consisted of 76 men under three officers, but was reduced in 1858 to two officers and 33 enlisted men.
Notable people.
Company D of the Fourth California Infantry took over at the fort on November 11, 1861 under the command of Lyman S. Scott. They replaced the Ninth Infantry that was commanded by 1st Lieutenant Philip A. Owen. For a time between September 1863 and October 1864 the post was under the command of 2nd Lieutenant James Davison.
The fort today.
The blockhouse of the fort was moved to a park in downtown Dayton in 1911 to honor city founder Joel Palmer. The actual site of the fort grounds, which is in the Willamina vicinity, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1971. The address of the site is withheld, however the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department runs the undeveloped Fort Yamhill State Heritage Area in partnership with Polk County and the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde. As there are no remaining buildings at the fort grounds, the parks department plans to reconstruct some of the fort buildings, including a new blockhouse.
In 2005 and 2013, Fort Yamhill served as the site for the Oregon State University historical archaeology field school. Students work to uncover the foundations of Fort-era buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="9852812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852812" title="Acting Shakespeare">
Acting Shakespeare

Acting Shakespeare is a one-man show of Shakespearean monologues interspersed with theatrical anecdotes devised and performed by Ian McKellen. McKellen first performed the recital in Scandinavia in 1980 and later performed it throughout the world. It was broadcast by PBS in 1982. For the 1984 Broadway engagement, McKellen received the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding One-Person Show and a Tony Award nomination. He received internationally rave reviews with some calling him "The new Olivier" and "The greatest classical actor of our generation". The most recent performance was in Jersey Opera House in 1990.
In 1993 McKellen developed another one-man show, 'A Knight Out' (using the play on word as a result of him being knighted in 1991) but this time focusing, as well as stage roles, his now ever increasing film roles. As with Acting Shakespeare he toured around England, Europe and America to great acclaim. 
A predecessor of this show's format was Sir John Gielgud's Ages of Man (play) which consisted of Gielgud in front of an audience with a mixture of both speeches and anecdotes. 

</doc>
<doc id="9852831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852831" title="Theodor Axenfeld">
Theodor Axenfeld

Karl Theodor Paul Polykarpus Axenfeld (24 June 1867 – 29 July 1930) was a German ophthalmologist born in Smyrna (İzmir) in the Ottoman Empire to a German minister. As a child his family moved back to Germany, settling in the town of Godesberg.
He received his medical doctorate in 1890 from the University of Marburg. In 1896 he became an assistant to Wilhelm Uhthoff (1853-1927) in Breslau, and during the following year, was appointed director of the university eye clinic in Rostock. In 1901 he attained the chair of ophthalmology in Freiburg, where he remained until his death in 1930. In 1925 he was chosen as president of the German Ophthalmological Society ("Deutsche ophthalmologische Gesellschaft").
Publications and research.
Axenfeld was involved in all aspects of ophthalmology and is associated with almost 200 written works involving the eye, including an important textbook of ophthalmology titled "Lehrbuch und Atlas der Augenheilkunde" (1909). The seventh edition of the textbook was translated into several languages, including English. He published numerous articles on glaucoma, retinal disorders, trachoma and other eye maladies. Axenfeld was particularly interested in bacterial infections of the eye.
In 1909 he was awarded the Graefe Medal by the German Ophthalmological Society for his research of sympathetic ophthalmia. With Otto von Schjerning (1853-1921), he collaborated on the "Handbuch der ärztlichen Erfahrungen im Weltkriege". He also made significant contributions to Kolle and Wassermann's "Handbuch der pathogenen Mikroorganismen".
Eponyms.
Axenfeld has several eponymous ophthalmic terms named after him, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9852882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852882" title="Floating floor">
Floating floor

A floating floor is a floor that does not need to be nailed or glued to the subfloor. The term floating floor refers to the installation method, but is often used synonymously with laminate flooring but is applied now to other coverings such as floating tile systems and vinyl flooring in a domestic context.
A sprung floor is a special type of floating floor designed to enhance sports or dance performance. In general though the term refers to a floor used to reduce noise or vibration.
A domestic floating floor might be constructed over a subfloor or even over an existing floor. It can consist of a glass fibre, felt or cork layer for sound insulation with neoprene pads holding up a laminate floor. There is a gap between the floating floor and the walls to decouple them and allow for expansion; this gap is covered with skirting boards or mouldings.
Floating floors as used in sound studios can be either just larger versions of the domestic variety, or much larger constructions with slabs of concrete to keep the resonance frequency down. The manufacture of integrated circuits uses massive floating floors with hundreds of tons in weight of concrete to avoid vibration affecting mask alignment.
Floating floors are one of the requirements for the THX high-fidelity sound reproduction standard for movie theaters, screening rooms, home theaters, computer speakers, gaming consoles, and car audio systems.
While floating floors add to the appeal of a home, they are not recommended for areas that may get wet, i.e. bathrooms and near exterior doors.

</doc>
<doc id="9852912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852912" title="Honor killing of Fadime Şahindal">
Honor killing of Fadime Şahindal

Fadime Şahindal (2 April 1975, Elbistan – 21 January 2002) was a Kurdish immigrant who moved to Sweden from Turkey at the age of seven. She was murdered by her father, Rahmi, in January 2002 in an honor killing. Her father was ultimately convicted of murder by a Swedish court and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Life.
Fadime Şahindal was opposed to her family's insistence on an arranged marriage, and instead selected her own boyfriend. At first she kept the relationship secret, but her father found out about it. Fadime then left her family and moved to Sundsvall, where her brother found her and threatened her. She went to the police who advised her at first to talk to her family. She then turned to the media with her story, after which she turned again to the police and was offered a secret identity. By turning to the media Fadime managed to receive support from the Swedish authorities, but she had also made the "shame" of her family public. She filed a lawsuit against her father and brother, accusing them of unlawful threats, and won.
Fadime was scheduled to move in with her boyfriend, Patrick, the following month, in June 1998, when he died in a car accident. He was buried in Uppsala.
Her father forbade her to visit Uppsala, since he did not want her to visit her deceased boyfriend's grave. Nalin Pekgul, a Kurdish-Swedish parliamentarian negotiated a compromise in which Şahindal agreed to stay away from Uppsala and her father promised not to stalk her.
On 20 November 2001 the Violence Against Women network arranged a seminar on the topic "Integration on whose terms?". During the seminar Fadime spoke in front of the Riksdag about her personal story.
On 21 January 2002, Fadime secretly visited her mother and sisters in Uppsala. During the visit, her father arrived and shot her in the head in front of her mother and two sisters. Confronted by police, he confessed and said to his defense that he was ill. Despite the confession, one of her cousins later tried to convince the police that he had killed her.
Her murder sparked a debate in Sweden about immigrant integration and raised questions regarding Patrick's death.
Fadime was buried in Uppsala.
In April 2014, Fadimes brother was shot dead by Swedish police after he refused arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="9852920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852920" title="South Arm Highway">
South Arm Highway

The South Arm Highway (part of the B33 road route) is a highway serving the southern suburbs of Hobart, on the eastern shore of the River Derwent in Tasmania, Australia. The highway is a major trunk road that carries heavy commuter traffic south from the Eastern Outlet to Howrah and Rokeby.
As one of the Tasman Highway's principle Feeders and one of the eastern shore's major transport corridors, The South Arm Highway facilitates the movement of traffic between the suburbs and satellite communities to the south with the city centre and ultimately, other major cross city highways. With annual average daily traffic (AADT) of 17,000, the highway is considered a major traffic corridor within Hobart. The designation "South Arm Highway" arises from its journey south (via Rokeby Road) to South Arm.
Route description.
South Arm Highway's northern end is at a grade-separated interchange with the Tasman Highway, at the boundary of Warrane and Mornington. The road continues north from the interchange as Flagstaff Gully Link to Flagstaff Gully, while immediately to the south is a roundabout with Cambridge Road, which carries the C329 road route towards Mornington. Only south of the roundabout is a T junction with Mornington Road, for access to the Mornington Business Estate. The highway continues south past the industrial area, and then curves to the south-east around the Waverley Flora Park. After entering the residential suburb of Howrah, South Arm Highway continues south-east to intersect Shoreline Drive at a large roundabout. Beyond this intersection, the highway passes through a reverse curve to reach its southern terminus at Oceana Drive. Rockeby Road continues on from the highway, as single-carriageway road, towards South Arm.
The highway is assigned the road route B33, and in 2007, the annual average daily traffic volume was 17,000.
History.
In 1965, a major Transportation Study was commissioned for the Hobart metropolitan area proposing the construction of several freeways to service the city, including a major south bound freeway servicing the eastern shore of the Derwent River. The Southeastern Freeway was intended to run south from the Tasman Highway, to the head of Kangaroo Bay, across the second beach and along through wirksworth, and to Rokeby. Some land was acquired but construction of the road never began. The Freeway was deemed to be unrealistic in that it was too expensive and would have come in close proximity to Schools and other vital services. 
Bellerive Bypass.
The concept of providing a major arterial road to Howrah was revisited with the release of the "Hobart Transport Revision" several years later. This new proposal entailed construction of a major road in an undeveloped corridor, bypassing Bellerive. Featuring a dual carriageway alignment, The first stage was opened in 1989. The Highway intersects the Tasman Highway at Mornington and then proceeds south through the Meehan Range before passing a large roundabout at Howrah. While the earthworks were completed in the first stage, the final proceeded as single carriageway to the old South Arm Highway alignment. Completion of the bypass replaced Clarence Street as the major trunk road connecting South Arm and Hobart which passed through Bellerive and Rosny. The final section of the bypass was completed in 2009, with the duplication of the South Arm Highway to Oceana Drive. Originally planned to be fully grade-separated, the highway is currently limited-access with at-grade intersections.
Exits.
The entire highway is in the City of Clarence local government area.

</doc>
<doc id="9852952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852952" title="Asylum shopping">
Asylum shopping

Asylum shopping is a practice by asylum seekers of applying for asylum in several states or seeking to apply in a particular state after transiting other states. The phrase is used mostly in the context of the European Union and the Schengen area, but has been used by the Federal Court of Canada. 
One of the objectives of Police and Judicial Co-operation in Criminal Matters is to prevent asylum shopping. The Dublin Convention stipulates that an asylum seeker is returned to the country where he or she first entered the Schengen area. Another objective of this policy is to prevent "asylum seeker in orbit", where an asylum seeker is transferred between states, none of which is willing to accept the application.
To avoid abuses, European law requires that asylum seekers register as refugees in the first country where they arrive, yet in some cases the fingerprinting and registration is violently resisted, as asylum seekers often wish to apply for asylum in countries with more generous benefits. 

</doc>
<doc id="9852982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852982" title="Syndie">
Syndie

Syndie is an open source cross-platform computer application to syndicate (re-publish) data (mainly forums) over a variety of anonymous and non-anonymous computer networks.
Syndie is capable of reaching archives situated in those anonymous networks : I2P, Tor, Freenet.
History.
Syndie has been in development since 2003 and ties in closely with the I2P network project, which is considered a parent project.<br>
Following the departure of lead developer Jrandom in 2007, work on syndie was paused, however as of 2013 active development has once again resumed.
Concept.
Syndie operates in a manner similar to blogs, newsgroups, forums, and other content tools; it allows one or more authors to privately or publicly post messages. Messages are pushed and pulled to and from archives servers (other peers that choosed to be), which are in hosted a variety of anonymous and non-anonymous locations.
Most archives servers are HTTP archives hosted inside the I2P network, but there are syndie archives in Freenet and the normal internet too. Each archive does not control the content stored on it; by default all messages are pushed and pulled by all participants. In this way, every message is backed up by every user, so should one archive go down, the content can be pushed to a different archive then pulled by other users of that archive. This means that even if all of the users and archives delete a message, as long as one person has it and there is one pushable archive, the message will be redistributed to every user.
Users have the option to delete locally stored messages after a set time, after the local storage consumes a certain amount of disk space, or by blacklists of users.
Each user can create multiple identities. Each identity is known as a forum, and users can post into their own or different forums. Each user can control their forum; for example, they may wish to run a blog by not permitting other people to start threads, but allowing them to post comments.
Technical requirements.
Syndie is a Java application and as such can run on any platform on which Java is supported; although a standard widget toolkit is required for the graphical user interface versions.
Syndie is primarily a graphical application, based on the Standard Widget Toolkit for Java, but it can be run in a CLI (headless) mode.

</doc>
<doc id="9852986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852986" title="Diamond Crown (cigar)">
Diamond Crown (cigar)

Diamond Crown is a super premium brand of handmade cigar handmade by Tabacalera A. Fuente in the Dominican Republic for the J.C. Newman Cigar Company.
J.C. Newman originally made this cigar with Cuban tobacco in Cleveland, Ohio and then Tampa, Florida in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.
In 1995, the super premium Diamond Crown brand was re-launched by the Newman family to commemorate their family company's 100th anniversary and century of cigar making.
Ratings.
Cigar Aficionado Magazine has awarded Diamond Crown cigars with ratings of 92, 91, 90, 90, 90.
Top25Cigars.com lists Diamond Crown cigars as two of the top twenty cigars in the world.
Size Chart.
Source: Official Website
Tobacco.
Source: Cigar Cyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="9852994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852994" title="Mechanics of Dysfunction">
Mechanics of Dysfunction

Mechanics of Dysfunction is the first full-length album by Canadian deathcore band Beneath the Massacre. It was released on February 20, 2007 through Prosthetic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9852997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9852997" title="Boreal ecosystem">
Boreal ecosystem

The term boreal is applied to ecosystems with a subarctic climate in the Northern Hemisphere, roughly between latitude 45° to 65°N. Boreal forests are also known as the taiga, particularly in Europe and Asia. 
The Boreal Ecosystem-Atmosphere Study (BOREAS) was a major international research program in the Canadian boreal forest. NASA sponsored the program, and most research took place between 1994 and 1996. Its primary goals were to determine how the boreal forest interacts with the atmosphere, how climate change will affect the forest, and how changes in the forest affect weather and climate.
The ecosystems that lie immediately to the south (in the Northern Hemisphere) of boreal zones are often called hemiboreal.
The Köppen symbols of boreal ecosystems are Dfc, Dwc, Dfd, and Dwd.

</doc>
<doc id="9853026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853026" title="September 2007">
September 2007

September 2007 is the ninth month of that year. It began on a Saturday and 30 days later, ended on a Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="9853045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853045" title="October 2007">
October 2007

October 2007 was the tenth month of that year. It began on a Monday and 31 days later ended on a Wednesday.

</doc>
<doc id="9853055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853055" title="November 2007">
November 2007

November 2007 was the eleventh month of that year. It began on a Thursday and 30 days later, ended on a Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="9853062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853062" title="Gotō Chūgai">
Gotō Chūgai

Biography.
Born in the rural Senboku District of Akita prefecture, Gotō graduated from the "Tokyo Semmon Gakko" (present-day Waseda University). From 1900, he served as editor of the literary magazine "Shishosetsu" ("New Fiction"). Some of the writers who contributed to the magazine during his tenure were Hirotsu Ryurō, Kyōka Izumi, Shimazaki Toson, Natsume Sōseki and Nagai Kafū. He was strongly critical of the naturalism movement, which began to become popular around that time. His works include a novel, "Funikudan" (1899), and a collection of essays, "Hi shizen shugi" (1908).

</doc>
<doc id="9853064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853064" title="December 2007">
December 2007

December 2007 was the twelfth month of that year. It began on a Saturday and, after 31 days, ended on a Monday.

</doc>
<doc id="9853071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853071" title="Mallala">
Mallala

Mallala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9853091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853091" title="Salamina, Magdalena">
Salamina, Magdalena

Salamina is a town and municipality in the Department of Magdalena, northern Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="9853108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853108" title="Heresy in Orthodox Judaism">
Heresy in Orthodox Judaism

Heresy in Orthodox Judaism ( "kefira") is principally defined as departure from the traditional Jewish principles of faith. Mainstream Orthodox Judaism holds that rejection of the simple meaning of Maimonides' 13 principles of Jewish faith involves heresy, although the status of creed in Medieval Jewish philosophy involved less canonical centrality than in non-Jewish notions of heresy. In contemporary society, Orthodox Judaism widely holds that Jews distanced from religious identification and practice are considered to be in the Talmudic status of Tinok shenishba, brought up without sufficient knowledge of Judaism to be expected to follow it, and instead should be welcomed to discover Jewish thought and observance as much as possible.
Background.
The Greek term ἁίρεσις originally denoted "division," "sect," "religious" or "philosophical party," and is applied by Josephus to the three Jewish sects: Sadducees, Pharisees, and Essenes. The specific rabbinical term for heresies, or religious divisions due to an illegitimate spirit, is מינים ("minim") (lit. "kinds belief"; the singular מין ("min") (literally, "a kind") for heretic or Gnostic is coined idiomatically, like "goy" and "`Am ha-aretz"). An alternative term, אפיקורוס (Apiqoros/Apikoros), which may have a different status, and is often used for apostates who turned towards agnosticism or atheism, is derived from Epicurus and the philosophy of Epicureanism.
Hitsonim.
Besides the term "min" for "heretic," the Talmud uses the words "Hitsonim" (outsiders), "apikoros", and "kofer ba-Torah" (R. H. 17a), or "kofeir ba-'ikar" (he who denies the fundamentals of faith; Pes. xxiv. 168b). Similar statuses may apply to some of those branded "poresh mi-darke tsibbur" (he who deviates from the customs of the community; Tosef., Sanh. xiii. 5; R. H. 17a). Some authorities opine that all of these are consigned to Gehinnom for all eternity (Tosef., Sanh. l.c.; comp. ib. xii. 9, apparently belonging to xiii. 5: "He who casts off the yoke the Law, and he who severs the Abrahamic covenant; he who interprets the Torah against the halakic tradition, and he who pronounces in full the Ineffable Name—all these have no share in the world to come,") or possibly have no afterlife at all.
The law "You shall not cut yourselves" (Deuteronomy 14:1) is interpreted by the Rabbis: "You shall not form divisions, but shall form one bond." (Source: Talmud Yevamot 13a, Midrash Sifre on Deuteronomy 96)
Views of Maimonides.
In summarizing the Talmudic statements concerning heretics in Sanh. 90-103, Maimonides ("Yad," Teshubah, iii. 6-8) says:
"The following have no share in the world to come, but are cut off, and perish, and receive their punishment for all time for their great sin: the minim, the apiḳoresim, they that deny the belief in the Torah, they that deny the belief in resurrection of the dead and in the coming of the Redeemer, the apostates, they that lead many to sin, they that turn away from the ways of the community... Five are called 'minim': (1) he who says there is no God and the world has no guide; (2) he who says the world has more than one guide; (3) he who ascribes to the Lord of the Universe a body and a figure; (4) he who says that God was not alone and Creator of all things at the world's beginning; (5) he who worships some star or constellation as an intermediating power between himself and the Lord of the World.
"The following three classes are called 'apiḳoresim': (1) he who says there was no prophecy nor was there any wisdom that came from God and which was attained by the heart of man; (2) he who denies the prophetic power of Moses our master; (3) he who says that God has no knowledge concerning the doings of men.
"The following three are called 'koferim ba-Torah': (1) he who says the Torah is not from God: he is a kofer even if he says a single verse or letter thereof was said by Moses of his own accord; (2) he who denies the traditional interpretation of the Torah and opposes those authorities who declare it to be tradition, as did Zadok and Boethus; and (3) he who says, as do the Nazarenes and the Mohammedans, that the Lord has given a new dispensation instead of the old, and that he has abolished the Law, though it was originally divine."
It is noteworthy, however, that Abraham ben David, in his critical notes, objects to Maimonides characterizing as heretics all those who attribute corporeality to God; and he insinuates that the Kabbalists are not heretics. Similarly, Biblical critics who doubt or deny the Mosaic origin of every portion of the Pentateuch, would protest against this Maimonidean (or Talmudic; see Sanh. 99a) conception of heresy (some ascribe a similar view to Ibn Ezra based on his commentary to Deut. i. 2).
Legal status.
The status of heretics in Jewish law defined in several places, as it has been summarized above. While there are certain regulations scattered throughout the Talmud concerning the minim, the nearest approach to the English term "heretic," some claim the governing bodies of the synagogue exercised their power of excommunication against heretics arbitrarily, from motives of self-defence. The heretic was excluded from a portion in the world to come (Maimonides, "Yad," Teshubah, iii. 6-14); he was consigned to Gehenna for punishment (R. H. 17a; comp. Ex. R. xix. 5; see Apikoros, and compare D. Hoffmann, "Der Schulchan Aruch und die Rabbinen über das Verhältnis der Juden zu Andersgläubigen," 2d ed., Berlin, 1894); but the Jewish courts of justice never attended to cases of heresy; they were left to the judgement of the community.
There are, however, in the rabbinic codes, laws and regulations concerning the relation of the Jew to the heretic. The sentiment against the heretic was much stronger than that against the pagan. While the pagan brought his offerings to the Temple in Jerusalem and the priests accepted them, the sacrifices of the heretic were not accepted (Ḥul. 13b, et al.). The relatives of the heretic did not observe the laws of mourning after his death, but donned festive garments, and ate and drank and rejoiced (Sem. ii. 10; "Yad," Ebel, i. 5, 6; Yoreh De'ah, 345, 5). Scrolls of the Law, tefillin, and mezuzot written by a heretic were burned (Git. 45b; Shulḥan 'Aruk, Oraḥ Ḥayyim, 39, 1; Yoreh De'ah, 281, 1); and an animal slaughtered by a heretic was forbidden food (Ḥul. 13a; Yoreh De'ah, 2, 5). Books written by heretics did not render the hands impure ("Yad," She'ar Abot ha-Tum'ot, ix. 10; comp. Yad. iv. 6; see Purity); they might not be saved from fire on Shabbat (Shab. 116a; Oraḥ Ḥayyim, 334, 21). A heretic's testimony was not admitted in evidence in Jewish courts (Ḥoshen Mishpat, 34, 22; see "Be'er ha-Golah" ad loc.); and if an Israelite found an object belonging to a heretic, he was forbidden to return it to him (Ḥoshen Mishpat 266, 2).
Non-Orthodox Judaism.
Orthodox Judaism considers Reform, Reconstructionist Judaism, and Conservative Judaism to be heretical movements. The more liberal wing of Modern Orthodoxy is more tolerant of Conservative Judaism, as there is some theological and practical overlap between these groups. However, centrist Orthodox Judaism and Haredi Judaism - considers Conservative Judaism to be just as heretical as other forms of non-Orthodox Judaism.
Classes of heretics.
The "mumar le-hak'is" (one who transgresses the Law, not for personal advantage, but out of defiance and spite) was placed by some of the Rabbis in the same category as the minim ('Ab. Zarah 26a; Hor. 11a). Even if he habitually transgressed one law only (for example, if he defiantly violated one of the dietary laws), he was not allowed to perform any religious function (Yoreh De'ah, 2, 5; SHaK and "Pitḥe Teshubah," ad loc.), nor could he testify in a Jewish court (Sanh. 27a; "Yad," 'Edut, x. 3; Ḥoshen Mishpat, 34, 2). One who violated Shabbat publicly or worshiped idols could not participate in the "'erub ḥaẓerot" ('Er. 69a; "Yad," 'Erubin, ii. 16; Orach Ḥayyim, 385, 3; see 'Erub), nor could he write a bill of divorce (Shulḥan 'Aruk, Eben ha-'Ezer, 123, 2). 
One who would not permit himself to be circumcised could not perform the ceremony on another (Yoreh De'ah, 264, 1, Isserles' gloss). While the court could not compel the mumar to divorce his wife, even though she demanded it, it compelled him to support her and her children and to pay her an allowance until he agreed to a divorce (Eben ha-'Ezer, 154, 1, and "Pitḥe Teshubah," ad loc.). At his death those who are present need not tear their garments (Yoreh De'ah, 340, 5, and "Pitche Teshubah," ad loc.). The mumar who repented and desired readmittance into the community was obliged to take a ritual bath, the same as the proselyte (Yoreh De'ah, 268, 12, Isserles' gloss, and "Pitche Teshubah," ad loc.; comp. "Sefer Hasidim," ed. Wistinetzki, §§ 200-209). If he claimed to be a good Jew, although he was alleged to have worshiped idols in another town, he was believed when no benefit could have accrued to him from such a course.
The Mishnah says the following have no share in the world to come: "He who denies that the Torah is divinely revealed, and the apiḳoros." R. Akiba says, "also he who reads heretical books". This is explained in the Talmud (Sanh. 100b) to mean "sifre Ẓeduḳim" (Sadducean writings); but this is an alteration by the censor of "sifre ha-Minim" (books of the Gnostics or Heretics). The Biblical version, "That ye seek not after your own heart" (Num. xv. 39), is explained (Sifre, Num. 115; Ber. 12b) as "Ye shall not turn to heretic views ["minut"] which lead your heart away from God" (see Maimonides, "Yad," 'Akkum, ii. 3).
The "Tinok Shenishba" in contemporary society.
"Tinok shenishba" (Hebrew: תינוק שנשבה, literally, "captured infant" among gentiles) is a Talmudical term that refers to a Jewish individual who sins inadvertently as a result of having been raised without an appreciation for the thought and observances of Judaism. As with most instances of Talmudic terminology, derived from a specific scenario but applied to wider metaphorical analogies, an individual doesn't literally have to have been "captured" as an infant to fall within the definition of a tinok shenishba. Because they were not raised with sufficient appreciation of Judaism, they are not accountable for their distance from Jewish observance, and effort should be made to draw them closer. This legal category is widely held across Orthodox Judaism to apply to the many unaffiliated and unobservant Jews in contemporary society, and underpins the various organisations of Orthodox Jewish outreach.

</doc>
<doc id="9853119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853119" title="Ready to drink">
Ready to drink

Ready to drink (often known as RTD) packaged beverages are those sold in a prepared form, ready for consumption. This contrasts with packaged beverages that are sold in forms that require preparation, for example iced tea (which can also be prepared using tea leaves and fruit juice) and alcopops (which can be prepared by mixing alcoholic beverages with fruit juices or soft drinks).
Types of RTD.
There are different types of RTD beverages, each serves a different purpose, the most notable ones are:
Alcopop.
Alcopops are mainly ready made alcoholic cocktails that are carbonated and bottled under various brand names.
Alcopops are the most commonly consumed type of RTD in the world after iced tea.
It is also important to note that Alcopops are banned in some countries due to religious and cultural reasons, which do not permit the consumption of alcohol. 
The industry term for this range of products is flavored malt beverage or progressive adult beverage. The majority sold in the US, are essentially flavored beer.
Alcopops can be based on different types of spirits and liquors. Ex: vodka based or rum based.
Alcopop brands.
Alcopop brands are numerous and their alcoholic base vary greatly.
notable brands include:
Non-Alcoholic Beverages.
Non-alcoholic RTDs can be further separated into dairy and non-dairy drinks. Iced Tea and coffee are sold in many countries in both dairy-added and non-dairy versions. 
Other non-alcoholic non-dairy drinks include herbal energy drinks.
Other non-alcoholic dairy-based drinks include protein supplements and yogurt-based drinks.

</doc>
<doc id="9853123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853123" title="S&amp;T Daewoo K11">
S&amp;T Daewoo K11

The S&T Daewoo K11 DAW (Dual-barrel Air-burst Weapon) is an assault rifle chambered to fire 5.56x45mm NATO rounds, as well as 20x30mm air-burst smart grenade from its overbarrel launcher. Two conventional 20 mm shells either detonate immediately on impact or on a timed fuse after impact. A third type of shell is controlled by the weapon's integrated electronics to explode a few meters from the target, yielding an air burst effect capable of killing targets within a 6 m area and seriously wounding those within an 8 m area. Users enter a range at which the shell is to detonate, allowing targets in ditches, in buildings, or behind walls to be destroyed without requiring the shell to strike the target.
In May 2010, the United Arab Emirates purchased a quantity of 40 K11s for evaluation purposes for a total cost of US$560,000, giving an indicative unit cost of US$14,000.
History.
The K11 was officially unveiled to the public at the DSEI military expo, though information pertaining to its development was available since 2006.
The weapon was adopted by the Republic of Korea Armed Forces in 2008 and was distributed within the Republic of Korea Army during 2010, making it the world's first army to use an airburst rifle as standard issue in the military. Each squad is reported to be issued two K11s, though it will not replace grenadiers who currently use K2 rifles with the underslung K201 grenade launcher.
In March 2011 it was announced that 15 out of 39 K11s issued since June 2010 (including 7 out of 20 rifles used by Korean forces in Afghanistan) had shown serious defects and the decision had been made to halt production and modify the design. The defects included: barrel movements during firing, defects in the striking mechanism, condensation forming inside the laser reception lens, and defects in switching from single to automatic fire. South Korea's state procurement agency, The Defense Acquisition Program Administration(DAPA) said it has fixed the defects by modifying the designs and improving the shooting control system and will resume its production.
A total of 4,000 K11s will be produced with all to be fielded by 2014.
Design.
Equipped with a laser range-finder as well as a ballistics computer, the K11 allows the operator to quickly find the distance to a target and launch an air burst shell. The shell will then detonate a few meters away from the target.
An electronic scope is integrated on the K11; it can be linked to a goggle system with a digital display. The display can be used during nighttime with thermal imaging, and shows the range information from the laser range-finder.
The weapon is compatible with standard 20- or 30-round 5.56 mm NATO magazines, and can hold 6-round magazines of 20 mm shells at one time.
The fire selector position and layout is similar to the M16/M4 rifles' selector, though some controls are different. It has four positions, three of which are: 9 o'clock for safe; 6 o'clock for three-round burst for the rifle; and 3 o'clock for semiautomatic fire for the rifle. Spent shells are ejected from the right of the weapon from the 2 o’clock position of the shooter for left-handed operation. The fourth selector position is at 12 o'clock and controls the grenade launcher, allowing bullets and grenades to be fired using the same trigger. Because of this they both cannot be available at the same time, although other rifle/grenade launcher combination weapons rarely need that capability.
There are two types of 20 mm grenade rounds for the K11, which are training and high-explosive. The K168 training rounds are for practice and have no explosives. K167 explosive ammunition weighs and has an internal fuze with three selectable settings: point detonation, point detonation-delay, and airburst. The integrated weapon sight programs the airburst warheads after the laser rangefinder sights a target when the launcher is selected (the sight automatically provides aiming points for either bullets or grenades when their firing modes are selected). Point detonation explodes the shell on impact with a target and point detonation-delay lets the warhead penetrate a target before exploding; penetration ability is unknown. The airburst setting detonates the grenade round in front of, over, or behind a target to hit troops in cover. If a round is not fired within two minutes of targeting information being programmed, it will disarm itself. If a grenade does not explode, a backup self-destruct safety mechanism automatically detonates it after being at rest two seconds after impact to leave no unexploded ordnance. One of the problems with the previous American Objective Individual Combat Weapon, which influenced the combination rifle/airburst launcher concept, was that its 20 mm grenade rounds were not very lethal. The fragments were often too small and light to be effective, there was not enough explosive material to create a large kill radius, and many fragments were dispersed vertically and away from the target. This was one of the reasons the OICW effort was cancelled, and it is not known if these deficiencies were addressed with the K11's airburst grenades of the same size.

</doc>
<doc id="9853127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853127" title="History of the Jews in Calatayud">
History of the Jews in Calatayud

Calatayud in Spain had a large Jewish community as early as the reign of Abd al-Rahman III. In 1882, while workmen were digging the foundation of a house, they discovered a marble tombstone bearing a Hebrew inscription in memory of a certain Samuel b. Solomon, who died Marheshwan 11, 4680 (October 9, 919 CE). By the kings of Aragon, the Jews of Calatayud were granted certain privileges, among which was one with regard to the oath; and these privileges were from time to time renewed.
The Jewish quarter of Calatayud was situated in the vicinity of the river Las Pozas, and extended from St Maria de la Peña to the Torre Mocha. On the opposite side of the river lay the Jewish cemetery. The community, which, during its prosperous times, annually paid 6,000 maravedis in taxes, possessed two large synagogues, one of which, situated at the end of the Jewish street, was very beautiful. This synagogue was built by Aaron b. Yahya, and renovated by his relative, Joseph b. Yahya. There were also several large schools, two of which were founded respectively by Joseph Parhi and Jacob b. Calna.
In addition to these there was a school for the association of weavers, and another attached to the Hebrah Kaddishah. As the members of the congregation occasionally absented themselves from the synagogues and held prayers in private houses, the "aljama" (community) ordained that services were to be held only in the regularly constituted synagogues and schools; and that an infringement of this mandate was to be punished by a fine, one-half of which was to be donated to the crown. There were, however, two persons exempt from this law: one, the physician Don Bahiel al-Constantini, who lived some distance from the synagogue; the other, Moses b. Shaprut, whose gout prevented his attendance at the service.
In 1326, the Jews of Calatayud had indiscreetly admitted two Christians to Judaism; in consequence the former were condemned to severe punishment by the inquisitor, but later pardoned by King Jaime. In the war between Castile and Aragon in 1367, the Jews of Calatayud and Daroca, of whom the former had bravely defended their city, were subjected to great suffering at the hands of the Castilian soldiery, having their shops plundered and their children ruthlessly massacred. As a result of this war the walls of the city of Calatayud, which had been heavily damaged and partly destroyed, had to be restored; and since the Jews were willing to repair only the walls of their immediate quarter, a joint conference was held on January 11, 1390, between the city council and the representatives of the aljama (among whom were the physicians Samuel Sadoch, Jacob Azarias, and Don Samuel b. Shaprut), at which it was agreed that the Jews were to rebuild all the walls of the city, but that they were to receive reimbursement from the Christian inhabitants for all the additional money expended.
In consequence of the persecutions and the sermons of the proselytizing Vicente Ferrer, a large number of the wealthiest Jews of Calatayud in 1391, and more particularly in 1413, accepted baptism. Among the converts were the following distinguished families: the Clementes, whose progenitor was Moses Hamorro; the Santangels, descended from Azarias Ginillo; the Villanuebas, from Moses Patagon; and the children of the wealthy Samuel Vibon. Several of these persons rose to high eminence in Church and state, but many fell victims to the Inquisition.
The community, once wealthy and powerful, gradually declined, until (about fifty years before the expulsion of the Jews from Spain) it was able to pay only a modicum in taxes. Calatayud was always celebrated as a great seat of Jewish learning, and among its eminent scholars were: the grammarian Solomon ibn Parḥon, who was born at Calatayud and was a friend of Judah ha-Levi; the rabbi Solomon Reuben, who was related to Hasdai Crescas, and had many enemies (he was finally compelled to give place to the preacher En Bima); R. David ibn Shoeib, who enjoyed the esteem of both Jewish and Christian circles, and who, like Moses Alkabiz and Don Solomon b. David, carried on a correspondence with Isaac b. Sheshet. The Nasi D. Samuel ha-Levi and R. Moses b. Susa (the latter probably identical with the correspondent of Isaac b. Sheshet at Ucles) were the representatives of the Calatayud community at the disputation at Tortosa. The last preacher of the congregation of Calatayud was the celebrated Isaac Arama. According to Steinschneider, the Jewish family name "Kalai" is derived from this city.

</doc>
<doc id="9853141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853141" title="Harrison County School District">
Harrison County School District

The Harrison County School District is a public school district based in Gulfport, Mississippi (USA).
In addition to serving portions of Gulfport, the district also serves the city of D'Iberville, the communities of Lizana, Lyman and Saucier, and portions of Biloxi as well as most of rural Harrison County.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 12,745 students enrolled in the Harrison County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 26.10% African American, 68.65% White, 2.08% Hispanic, 2.88% Asian, and 0.29% Native American. 45.9% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9853160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853160" title="Christopher Bentivegna">
Christopher Bentivegna

Christopher Matthew Bentivegna is an acclaimed singer/actor born in Pennsylvania. He has performed in many theatrical productions in New Jersey and New York. He now lives in New Orleans, Louisiana where he continues his professional acting and singing career.
Background.
Christopher Matthew Bentivegna was born in Darby, Pennsylvania (a suburb of Philadelphia) on April 28, 1972. He was raised in New Jersey. He attended Pinelands Regional High School and graduated in 1990 after having won the New Jersey State Governor's Award for excellence in classical music.
In 1994, he received a degree in vocal performance from the Peabody Conservatory of Music, part of Johns Hopkins University. He moved to northern New Jersey where he divided his time between working in the social services field and being an actor.
Some of his acclaimed performances in New Jersey include roles in "Mame", "The Secret Garden", "Forever Plaid", "Chess", "Tommy", "Into the Woods", "Falsettos", and "Evita". In workshop performances, Bentivegna originated the role of 'The Creature' in what would later become the off-Broadway production of "Frankenstein - A New Musical", which is a musicalization of the Mary Shelley novel.1
Bentivegna's diversity as an actor served him well during his stint with New York's Mac Haydn theater playing featured roles in "Camelot", "Kiss Me, Kate", "Victor/Victoria", "Li'l Abner", and "Evita" as Magaldi. His highly acclaimed role of Judas in Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Jesus Christ Superstar" showcased his tenor range by allowing him to "sing the heck" out of the role.2
Moving to New Orleans.
Following his stint at Mac Haydn Bentivegna moved to New Orleans, Louisiana where he became one of the lead singers of the showband Cookin' With Gas.3 His acting/singing career continued with lead roles at the Southern Rep theater in "The All Night Strut", the New Orleans premier of "", and in the New Orleans premier of the off-Broadway hit "The Musical of Musicals, The Musical" which starred original off-Broadway cast member Craig Fols.4
Bentivegna's performances have been hailed by critics for their energy and for his strong tenor voice.5 The Times-Picayune noted that Bentivegna was one of the best voices in New Orleans, and one of the most promising New Orleans theater newcomers in 2006.6
Bentivegna played the role of Collins at Le Petit Theatre (New Orleans) in one of the first post-Broadway productions of Rent, starring opposite Bianca Del Rio who played the role of Angel. 

</doc>
<doc id="9853165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853165" title="Plato, Magdalena">
Plato, Magdalena

Plato is a town and municipality in Magdalena Department in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="9853179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853179" title="Belukurichi">
Belukurichi

Belukurichi is a small village located in Namakkal district in the southern state of Tamil Nadu, India. The village is right below Kolli Hills. The name Belukurichi has its root from 'Velavan Kurunji', meaning the land and hills that belong to Velavan [ Murugan ] known as Palaniyappar.
Palaniyappar Temple.
This place has a beautiful temple known as Palaniyappar Temple.
This is the place where Lord Muruga disguised himself as a handsome hunter youth to lure and marry Valli.
This temple has got a historical significance, where several kings have visited.
It is also said that the Tamil saint poetess, Avvaiyar whenever visited her friend, Valvil Ori, the then chieftain of the Kolli hills, never left the region without offering her prayers to this Lord Muruga.
The idol is found with his hair knotted atop his head and looks like a hunter. This idol has got a unique feature wherein Lord Muruga holds a rooster (Cheval) in his left hand though resting on his hip. 
In his right hand he holds the vajra vel or the sacred spear.
He has also got a pichuva katthi (a hunter's dagger) in his waist band.
This kind of a Muruga statue or idol holding a rooster is nowhere to be found in the world except this temple. However, similar Muruga idols can be seen in temples like Sikkal etc. which are not the 'moolavar' or at the Sanctum Sanctorum.
Belukurichi --- Famous for.
Belukurichi is also famous for Indian spices like mustard,pulses,turmeric,garlic etc. People from all over South India throng this village every year (from February to May - All Saturdays) to buy such spices afresh and cheap market items.

</doc>
<doc id="9853191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853191" title="Beijing Anomaly">
Beijing Anomaly

The Beijing Anomaly is an observed seismic feature in the Earth's mantle at a depth of around 700–1400 km below Northeastern China where a high degree of seismic attenuation was discovered to exist. According to its discoverers, Jesse Lawrence (from Scripps Institute of Oceanography) and Michael Wysession (from Washington University), the Beijing Anomaly is evidence for large amounts of water contained within the mantle.
Effects of Water on Seismic Wave Attenuation
The effects of water on the attenuation of seismic waves are largely unknown, although theoretical expectations seem to indicate that a seismic Q·¹ factor change from 300 to 100 can be explained by an approximate tenfold increase in water content. This leads to the hypothesis that only small amounts of water, present at depth within the mantle (on the order of 0.1 wt%), will lead to significant seismic attenuation and could potentially explain the anomalously low Q·¹ values which extend over a broad region in the mantle below Northeast Asia.
Recognizing the Beijing Anomaly
The zone of low Q·¹ existing in the mantle below Northeastern China was found via seismic attenuation tomography and begins approximately 700 km below the surface and displays stark decreases in Q·¹ values, down to a minimum of Q·¹= 95 at around 1000 km in depth. The extent of the anomaly below a large portion of Northeast Asia would require the existence of contributing factors which would facilitate the distribution of water within the mantle itself. Factors which could facilitate the dispersion of water to such a degree include mantle-rock advection and water transport along grain boundaries.
It has therefore been suggested that the downgoing oceanic lithosphere can carry with it large amounts of water into deeper regions of the mantle, directly below the continental margins (to depths reaching far beyond 1400 km). The water contained within these subducting slabs is thought to remain unaffected by the surrounding high-temperature and pressure conditions, since it is contained within the centre of the cold lithospheric slab. The seismic attenuation anomalies in Northeast China are potentially explained by water having been extracted from the cold, deep-seated oceanic lithosphere and “flooding” the overlying lower mantle wedge at depth, giving rise to zones of high elasticity (and potentially fluid-rich) which would cause levels of seismic attenuation that were observed tomographically.
More Seismic Evidence for Water in the Mantle
Recent research has been able to better constrain the degree to which subducting oceanic mantle is hydrated using measurements of P-wave attenuation from localized earthquakes near the Wadati-Benioff Zone. Estimates suggest an approximately 40 km thick layer of moderately serpentinized mantle would be sufficient to explain the observed seismic P-wave attenuations associated to events occurring at depths of around 5–35 km below the Wadati-Benioff Zone. This would imply that the topmost zones of the oceanic lithosphere provide a significant source of water to deeper areas of the mantle during subduction, with an estimated flux of 170-318 Tg/ma of water per meter of down-going slab.
References.
Mantle (geology)

</doc>
<doc id="9853209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853209" title="Making Miracles">
Making Miracles

Making Miracles (Chinese: 奇迹) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which is telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp TV Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 March 2007. The show consists of a total of 20 episodes. 
The whole theme of this drama is about the lives that doctors and nurses face currently.
This drama serial is said to be a drama with high expectations, as it the cast includes one of Singapore's prettiest actress Fann Wong having a disfigured face in this show, and Hong Kong veteran actor John Chiang would also be acting in this show. Other than the cast, the show shows audience many scenes of modernized medical equipment in hospitals. However, the viewership figures proved to be disappointing when the drama was aired.
Synopsis.
Shuyan (Fann Wong) is an optimistic and passionate pediatrician who met with a traffic accident and is disfigured in the process. The accident is caused by plastic surgeon Jieren's (Terence Cao) jealous ex-girlfriend Zhilin (Lynn Poh), he then puts his heart and soul in treating Shuyan but was unsuccessful. 
Dejected, Shuyan contemplates giving up but was consoled patiently by Jieren, who persuaded her to continue with the treatment. At the same time, Shuyan's boyfriend Zhengbang (Darren Lim), who works in the same hospital was injured in a struggle and lost his memory of Shuyan and his love for her. She now faces the adversity of her own disfigured self and a seemingly nonchalant Zhengbang, at the same time struggles with her feelings for the affectionate Jieren. 
A compelling modern drama set in a hospital with several heartwarming subplots to tug the heartstrings.

</doc>
<doc id="9853230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853230" title="Case government">
Case government

In linguistics, case government is government of the grammatical case of verb arguments, when a verb or preposition is said to 'govern' the grammatical case on its noun phrase complement, e.g. "zu" governs the dative case in German: "zu mir" 'to me-dative'. The German term for the notion is "Rektion." Case government may modify the meaning of the verb substantially, even to meanings that are unrelated. Analogously in programming, constructing two different functions of identical name but different parameters is called overloading a function.
Case government is a more important notion in languages with many case distinctions, such as Russian and Finnish. It plays less of a role in English, because English doesn't rely on grammatical cases, except for distinguishing subject pronouns (I, he, she, we, they) from other pronouns (me, him, her, us, them). In English, true case government is absent, but if the aforementioned subject pronouns are understood as regular pronouns in the accusative case, it occurs sentences such as "He found me" (not for example *"Him found I").
For example, in Finnish, a verb or sometimes even a particular meaning of a verb is associated with a case the referent noun must be in. "To go for a walk" is expressed as "mennä kävelylle", where "mennä" means "to go", "kävely" is "a walk" and "-lle" is a postfix that denotes the allative case. This case "must" be always used in this context; one cannot say *"mennä kävelyyn" "to go inside a walk", for example.
Many verbs can have unrelated meanings that differ only by the case used on the noun. This is similar to the programming concept of overloading. For example, the verb "naida" in conjunction with an object in accusative ("naida joku") means "to marry someone", but with an object in partitive ("naida jotakuta") it is obscene in the meaning "to fuck someone".

</doc>
<doc id="9853237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853237" title="Gordon Strong Automobile Objective">
Gordon Strong Automobile Objective

The Gordon Strong Automobile Objective was a proposed planetarium, restaurant, and scenic overlook designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright for the top of Sugarloaf Mountain in Maryland. Wright developed the design in 1925 on commission from Chicago businessman Gordon Strong. A spiraling ramp featured centrally in Wright's plan; this was his first use of a feature which would later gain fame as part of his Guggenheim Museum in New York.
History and design.
Strong became familiar with Sugarloaf Mountain while living in Washington, D.C. prior to around the start of the 20th century. The mountain is a monadnock which due to the lack of competing peaks in the area possesses considerable views of its surroundings. Strong began to buy land on Sugarloaf Mountain as early as 1902, and between then and his retirement in 1935 he developed various plans for developing the mountain as a resort or recreation center. The "automobile objective" idea was one such plan, which Strong proposed to Wright in 1924. The "automobile objective" was primarily a day-trip destination; people would drive out to the mountain, perhaps picnic while enjoying the scenic views, and then return home.
Wright's design went through various iterations, but the main feature was a ziggurat-like circular structure at the pinnacle of the mountain. The structure was wrapped in a spiraling ramp which cars would use to ascend and descend. The ramp was the main exterior feature of the structure, aside from a tall spire sticking up from the center, which was likely intended as a mooring post for dirigibles. Parking for hundreds of cars was placed inside the building.
In developing the concept, Wright decided to include an auditorium inside the spiraling ramps, and move the tower to the side. Another notable element of this design was the specification of glass, or glass blocks in concrete armature, as the material for the ramp, which would let more natural light into the interior space. This was possibly impractical but certainly daring.
Wright's final and most complete plan for the site replaced the interior theatre with a larger domed open space that would be used as a planetarium. This was the plan that he presented to Strong in 1925. The size of the interior dome necessitated moving all parking outside, onto the ramp itself, and limited the space available for eateries and overnight bedrooms. Strong regarded the plan as unsuitable and rejected it, believing that it allocated space poorly and violated the integrity of the mountaintop. Wright reacted sharply to the rejection: "I have given you a noble 'archaic' sculptured summit for your mountain. I should have diddled it away with platforms and seats and spittoons for…expectorating businessmen and the flappers that beset them."
Critical commentary and legacy.
Mark Reinberger asserts that the design is evidence of Wright's desire to find a new form of architectural expression, a utopian scheme reliant on modern technology—in the case of this project, the automobile. Wright's vision culminated in his plan for Broadacre City. In Broadacre City, automobile objectives would be built at locations of natural beauty to serve as a meeting places and social centers. Sugarloaf Mountain was an early expression of Wright's attachment to the automobile as an important social artifact. He criticized people driving to a destination and leaving their car parked underground: "leaving the automobiles in which they both now really live and have their beings, still 'parked' aside,—betrayed and abandoned as usual."
The Gordon Strong plan was Wright's first spiral-based building, but he returned to the element at least six times, building first the V. C. Morris Gift Shop in San Francisco and finally delivering the well-known Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. Other instances include the unbuilt plans for the Point Park Civic Center (1947) and the Baghdad Cultural Center (1957).

</doc>
<doc id="9853241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853241" title="Ocean Springs School District">
Ocean Springs School District

The Ocean Springs School District is a public school district based in Ocean Springs, Mississippi (USA).
In addition to Ocean Springs, the district also serves the Gulf Park Estates community.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 5,065 students enrolled in the Ocean Springs School District during the 2006-2007 school year. In an anonymous survey, 39% of the student body claimed to smoke 
recreational marijuana. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. 9% of teachers are convicted sexual predators. The racial makeup of the district was 10.13% African American, 82.63% White, 3.26% Hispanic, 3.63% Asian, and 0.63% Native American. 21.9% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9853271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853271" title="Murung">
Murung

Murung is the Festival of Prosperity, celebrated by the Apatanis of Lower Subansiri district in Arunachal Pradesh, India. Though an individual festival, whole villages and indeed the whole of the Apatani people get involved in the festival. It is celebrated in the Month of January or "Murung piilo". Besides it the Apatanis also celebrate Myoko in the month of march and the Dree Festival from 4 to 7 July every year.
Preparation.
Pahin Konin (egg-examination) by a priest is the first step to performing of Muruing. It is followed by preparation of a special dish, known as Kaji, which is offered to the patient and relatives. If the patient recovers after it, Murung is performed; otherwise it is ignored.
By the onset of winter relatives and neighbours collect firewood. materials including leaves and canes and bamboo are Collected a few days before beginning of main event. Mithuns and cows are tethered at house yard.
The next step is selection of sacrificial animals after examination of chicken liver by the priest one day before the festival. It is followed by preparation of Subu-sa (cane rope) on the eve of the festival. Firewood stocked and dried in fields is shifted to the house. Soon after, rice beer prepared by clan-members is brought to Lapang is served to guests. During the day relatives and neighbours visit the family on the day. The priest chants narratives and prays for success of the festival. He also performs omen to decide persons to sacrifice animals in the festival.
Main events of Murung.
1) Talinii/Subu Hinii, 2) Embin Siiding Harnii, 3) Siikha Ranii/Yugyang Tanii, 4)Mida Inii, 5) Supung Nii, 6) Pachu Kohnii, 7) Subu-Sii Paniing, 8) Pukung Nii, 9) Embin Yakhang Binii, 10) Yorda Ayu Nii, 11) IIro O’
Khiinii, 12) Lemba Ronii (Rugu Nii), 13) Pukun Apin Honii, 14) Alyi Pachu Konii, 15) Dokho Ranii, 16) Dulu Panii, 17) Pingko Yo Khenii, 18) Penii Inii (Pelin Nii or Liling Nii), 19) Koter Chinii, 20) Dulu IIsan Lyoka siinii, 21) Dulu Koda Giinii, 22) Penii Inii Aping og Dulu Aping, 23) Nembu Anii (Hiirii Khanii), 24) Siibo Pahinii, 25) Tamu Lanii, 26) Ereh Pukung Nii, 27) Ude Tinii, 28) Nyibu Punii, 29) Konchi Aji Eya Nii, 30) More Bije Eya, 31) Allo Aji Eya Nii, 32) Empi Konii
Early in the morning all animals are brought to Lapang where the priest chants prayer before sacrifice. Relatives attend the sacrificial ritual conducted at Lapang. Men decorate the animals with bamboo shaving materials and rice paste and rice beer. Assisted by a few helpers, chickens numbering same of mithuns are also sacrificed with chanting of narratives.
On the second day relatives and neighbours contribute rice, cash, meat, millet among other items while the hosts entertain them with meat and drinks.

</doc>
<doc id="9853292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853292" title="Burial (disambiguation)">
Burial (disambiguation)

Burial is the act of placing a person or object into the ground.
Burial may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9853307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853307" title="List of Weapon X members">
List of Weapon X members

Weapon X is a covert operations program, as published by Marvel Comics.
The roster consists of two parts. The first part lists the characters in nominal positions of control of the program. The second part lists the characters the program has used either as agents, or as experimental subjects.
The codenames listed under Character are those used during the time frame that the character was a part of the program. Characters with more than one codename for that period have them listed chronologically and separated by a slash (/). Bolded names are the current program members and agents.
First Appearance is the place where the character first appeared as a member of the program. It is not necessarily the first appearance of the character in print, nor the story depicting how the character joined the program.
All information is listed in publication order first, then alphabetical.

</doc>
<doc id="9853321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853321" title="Interstitial defect">
Interstitial defect

Interstitials are a variety of crystallographic defects, i.e. atoms which occupy a site in the crystal structure at which there is usually not an atom, or two or more atoms sharing one or more lattice sites such that the number of atoms is larger than the number of lattice sites. 
They are generally high energy configurations. 
Small atoms in some crystals can occupy interstitial sites in an energetically favourable configuration, such as hydrogen in palladium.
Interstitials can be produced for instance by particle irradiation above the
threshold displacement energy, but may also exist in small
concentrations in thermodynamic equilibrium.
Self-interstitials.
Self-interstitial defects are interstitial defects which contain only atoms which are the same as 
those already present in the lattice. 
The structure of interstitial defects has been experimentally 
determined in some metals and semiconductors. 
Contrary to what one might
intuitively expect, most self-interstitials in metals with a known structure 
have a 'split' structure, in which two atoms share the same lattice site.
Typically the center of mass of the two atoms is at the lattice site,
and they are displaced symmetrically from it along one of the
principal lattice directions. For instance,
in several common FCC metals such as copper, nickel and platinum, the
ground state structure of the self-interstitial is
the split interstitial structure, where two atoms are
displaced in a positive and negative direction from
the lattice site. In BCC iron the ground state
interstitial structure is similarly a split
interstitial.
These split interstitials are often
called dumbbell interstitials, because plotting the two
atoms forming the interstitial with two large spheres
and a thick line joining them makes the structure resemble
a dumbbell weight-lifting device.
In other BCC metals than iron, the ground state structure is believed
based on recent Density-functional theory calculations to be the crowdion interstitial, which can be
understood as a long chain (typically some 10-20) 
of atoms along the lattice direction, compressed 
compared to the perfect lattice such that the chain contains one extra atom.
In semiconductors the situation is more complex, since defects may be charged and different charge states may have different structures. For instance, in silicon, the interstitial may either have a split structure or a tetrahedral truly interstitial one.
Impurity interstitials.
Small impurity interstitial atoms are usually on true
off-lattice sites between the lattice atoms.
Such sites can be characterized by the symmetry of the
interstitial atom position with respect to its
nearest lattice atoms. For instance, an impurity atom
I with 4 nearest lattice atom A neighbours (at equal distances)
in a FCC lattice is in
a tetrahedral symmetry position, and thus can be called a
tetrahedral interstitial.
Large impurity interstitials can also be in
split interstitial configurations together with a
lattice atom, similar to those of the self-interstitial atom.
Effects of interstitials.
Interstitials modify the physical and chemical properties of materials.

</doc>
<doc id="9853328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853328" title="Dick Fontaine">
Dick Fontaine

Dick Fontaine is an English documentary filmmaker, currently () head of documentary direction at the National Film and Television School (UK).
Fontaine was one of the founders of Granada Television's "World in Action" series. He has made numerous films on African-American music and other closely related topics, including ' (1984) and "Bombin (1988). In all, he has made over 40 documentaries. 
By his wife, the African-American actress Pat Hartley (who appeared in several Andy Warhol films, as well as "Rainbow Bridge" and "Absolute Beginners"), he is the father of writer, music critic and editor Smokey Fontaine.

</doc>
<doc id="9853335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853335" title="National Formosa University">
National Formosa University

National Formosa University (NFU; ) is a technical university located in Huwei District, Yunlin County, Taiwan. It is the only university in Taiwan to include the historical name of Formosa in its title. NFU was established in Huwei Township in 1980 as the Central Party Affairs School.
National Formosa University is organized into four colleges: the College of Engineering, the College of Electronics and Information, the College of Management, and the College of Applied Arts and Sciences. These four colleges provide 19 undergraduate, 18 postgraduate, and 2 doctorate level study programs. 
The Research and Services Headquarters was formed in August 2007 to manage four research centers and two multi-purpose laboratories. The aim of these bodies is to organize academic resources and provide a platform for industry-academia cooperation. The research centers focus on technical services. They are the Energy Science and Technology Center, the Micro-Electronic Mechanical System Design and Application Center, the Opto-electronic and Display Technology Center, and the Precision Mechanical Device Development Center. The two research laboratories are the Micro/Nano Science and Common Technology Laboratory and the Ultra High Precision Machining Laboratory. 
History.
1980 - National Formosa University was founded in 1980 as “Provincial Yunlin Institute of Technology” by the Taiwan provincial government. Dr. Tien-Chin Chang was appointed as its first president. Five departments were established: Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering, Mechanical and Materials Engineering, Mechanical Design, Power Mechanical Engineering, and Electrical Engineering.
1981 - The school changed its name to “National Yunlin Institute of Technology” (NYIT).
1988 - The Department of Electro-Optical Engineering and the Department of Automation Engineering were added to NYIT.
1989 - Dr. Cheng-Kuan Yu was appointed as the second president by the Ministry of Education.
1991 - The English name of NYIT was renamed to National Yunlin Polytechnic Institute (NYPI).
The Department of Industrial Engineering and Management was established.
1993 - The Department of Vehicle Engineering was established.
1994 - The Department of Aeronautical Engineering was established.
1997 - With the approbation from the Ministry of Education, NYPI was renamed to National Huwei Institute of Technology (NHIT), whose five-year junior college system was to be replaced gradually by two-year and four-year college systems.
1999 - Due to the retirement of President Cheng-Kuang Yu, Dr. Feng-Tsun Chen, Dean of Academic Affairs, served as the acting president. Dr. Chien-Chang Lin became the first elected president.
2000 - The Department of Information Management was established.
2001 - The Department of Applied Foreign Languages was established.
2002 - The Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, the Department of Finance, the Graduate Institute of Electro-Optical and Materials Science, and the Graduate Institute of Power Mechanical Engineering were established.
2003 - The Department of Business Administration and the Department of Biotechnology were established.
2004 - NHIT was renamed National Huwei University of Science and Technology (NHUST). and meantime four colleges were established: Applied Arts & Science, Engineering, Electrical & Computer Engineering, and Management. 
The Department of Multimedia Design, the Department of Leisure Management, the Graduate Institute of Industrial Engineering and Management, and the Graduate Institute of Mechanical and Electro-Mechanical Engineering were established. A master’s degree program was added to the Department of Information Management.
2005 - The English name of NHUST was renamed to National Formosa University (NFU). 
President Chien-Chang Lin retired; Dr. Yeong-Ley Tsay, Dean of Academic Affairs, served as the acting president. 
The Department of Electronic Engineering was established. The master’s degree and doctoral degree programs were initiated at the Department of Electrical Engineering and the Graduate Institute of Electro-Optical and Materials Science, respectively.
2006 - Dr. Jenn-Der Lin assumed the presidency of NFU. 
The Graduate Institute of Materials Science and Green Energy Engineering and the Graduate Institute of Business and Management were established. The Department of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering was renamed the Department of Mechanical and Computer-Aided Engineering. The Department of General Education and the Center of Teacher Education were merged and became the Center for General Education.
2007 - The Graduate Institute of Aeronautical and Electronic Engineering and the Graduate Institute of Innovation Engineering and Precision Technology were established. The Department of Leisure Management was renamed the Department of Leisure and Recreation.
2008 - The Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, the Department of Automation Engineering, and the Department of Biotechnology established their master’s degree programs.
2009 - The Department of Mechanical Design Engineering and the Department of Leisure and Recreation established master’s degree programs.
2010 - The Department of Electronic Engineering and the Department of Vehicle Engineering established master’s degree programs.
2011 - The Department of Finance established a master’s degree program.
2011 - The Executive Yuan consented to NFU’s procurement of a new campus land. The preparatory center for the new campus was established.
2012 - The Executive Yuan allocated a land of 17.18 hectares in Yunlin HSR station area for NFU new campus.
2013 - NFU received funding from the Subsidy Directions for Developing Technological University Paradigms, the Ministry of Education. 
2013 - Dr. Wen-Yu Jywe was elected as the president.

</doc>
<doc id="9853337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853337" title="American High">
American High

American High School may refer to the following:
American High may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9853353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853353" title="Bill Curbishley">
Bill Curbishley

Bill Curbishley (born 13 March 1942, London) is a music and film producer and band manager, best known for his work with English rock groups The Who and Judas Priest, as well as artists Jimmy Page and Robert Plant.
Life.
William George Curbishley was one of six children born to a London docker and his wife. He is the older brother of ex-West Ham United and Charlton Athletic manager Alan Curbishley, and grew up near West Ham Station in London. He married Jackie Curbishley, but the couple later divorced. He then remarried again, and had two children.
During the 1960s, Curbishley served a 15 year prison term for armed robbery of a bank van, though he denied involvement in the crime.[http://www.theguardian.com/media/2001/mar/22/bbc.broadcasting] In 2000 he acted as one of the pall-bearers at Reggie Kray's funeral.
Curbishley owns a London home and a villa in Spain.
Career.
Curbishley started his career in the music business in the early 1970s at Track Records, managing tours for The Who and other artists such as Marc Bolan, Thunderclap Newman, Golden Earring and The Crazy World of Arthur Brown. Curbishley produced The Who's film "Tommy", the prison movie "McVicar" and also the film "Buddy's Song", all starring The Who's Roger Daltrey. With Daltrey, he also established the Goldhawke production company to issue the singer's solo albums. Curbishley left Track in the mid-seventies after financial issues led to the decline of the company. With his wife Jackie, he established Trinifold, Ltd., a music management company.
After a royalty dispute, Curbishley's company acquired management of The Who in 1976 and soon expanded to manage other well-known artists such as Judas Priest and Robert Plant. It was at the suggestion of Curbishley that Plant disbanded his "Shaken 'n' Stirred" touring ensemble in the mid-1980s, starting afresh with a completely new band and writing with different musicians. As a direct result of this, Plant re-emerged as a hugely successful recording and touring artist.
In 1994 Curbishley assumed management of guitarist Jimmy Page. He was integral in the reuniting of Page and Plant, both former members of Led Zeppelin, in 1995. Despite failed attempts by others to reunite the pair, Curbishely was able to persuade the previously reluctant Plant to work with Page again, resulting in the highly successful "" album, video and world tour.
Trinifold Music has published songs recorded by many other artists including Chicago, Kenny Rogers, Atlantic Starr, Karyn White, Faith Hill and Kenny Chesney. In 2004 UB40 and Rachel Fuller were added to Trinifold's roster. In 2001 Curbishley served as the executive producer of a BBC1 documentary on the life of Reggie Kray.
In 2002 Trinifold was acquired by The Sanctuary Group, but Curbishley continued to manage the company. He later embarked on more film production projects, including films such as "The Railway Man". He is currently co-producing a film about the life of Keith Moon with Roger Daltrey.
Producer filmography.
Selected films include:

</doc>
<doc id="9853359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853359" title="MouseText">
MouseText

MouseText designed by Bruce Tognazzini is a set of 32 graphical characters first implemented in the Apple IIc. They were then retrofitted to the Apple IIe forming part of the Enhanced IIe upgrade. A slightly revised version was then released with the Apple IIgs.
MouseText made it possible to display simple text user interfaces resembling the Macintosh graphical user interface. Since the Apples lacked the ability to display user-defined characters in text mode, all GUI-like displays beyond crude ASCII art approximations had to use the slower and more memory-hungry graphical mode before MouseText was available. MouseText resulted in an eightfold increase in display speed for mouse applications, bringing such text-based applications as word processors up to the same speed as the original Macintosh. Word processors running on the two computers would not be confused with one another, however, as the mouse under MouseText would move in discrete jumps from character cell to character cell, rather than the smooth movement of the Macintosh, and text was still monospaced.
The MouseText characters replaced a redundant set of inverse uppercase characters (@,A..Z,[,\,],^,_) in the Alternate character set.
How to access MouseText characters.
In order to display MouseText characters a program must first select the Alternate character set, turn on Inverse video mode and then output an ASCII 27 character. To turn off MouseText the program should output an ASCII 24 character and then if required return the display to Normal video mode. For example, in Applesoft the following code fragment will display the MouseText representation of a folder:
codice_1

</doc>
<doc id="9853364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853364" title="Erev Shel Shoshanim">
Erev Shel Shoshanim

Erev Shel Shoshanim ( or "Evening of Roses") (The Hebrew word "shoshana" has been identified with both flowers), is a poetic Hebrew love song. Its melody is often used as wedding music in Jewish weddings, as a replacement for Here Comes the Bride. It is well known not only within Israeli and Jewish music circles, but known throughout the Middle East, and it is often used as a song belly dancers dance to. The song has also been translated into Armenian, in which language its title is "Yarus (O, Rose!)".
The music is by Yosef Hadar and the lyrics are by Moshe Dor. The song was first recorded in 1957 by singer Yafa Yarkoni, and a year later by the duo HaDuda'im. Their version became a smash hit in Israel. The Dudaim toured the world extensively in the '60s, and "Erev shel Shoshanim" became one of their international signature songs. During the '60s and '70s the song was recorded by various international singers, including Harry Belafonte, Olivera Katarina, Nana Mouskouri, Daliah Lavi and Miriam Makeba. In 1974, Yugoslav progressive rock band Dah recorded their hit song "Šošana", which featured melody based on "Erev Shel Shoshanim". In 1975, after moving to Belgium and changing the name to Land, the band recorded an English-language version of "Šošana" (enitled "Shoshana"), which became an international hit.
In 1966, the Israeli folk dancing choreographer Tzvi Hillman created the first folk dance based on the song.
Juhani Forsberg used the melody, which he thought to be an Israeli folksong, in his song Tiellä ken vaeltaa, which has since ended up in the hymnbook of Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
Lyrics.
English translation.
Evening of Roses
Let us go out to the grove
Myrrh, Spices, and Frankincense
Is the carpet under your feet
Night falls slowly
And a wind of rose blows
Let me whisper a song for you slowly
A song of love
Dawn and the dove coos
Your hair is full of dewdrops
Your lips are as roses unto the morning
I will pick them for myself
English transcription.
Erev shel shoshanim
Netzeh na el habustan
Mor besamim ulevona
Leraglech miftan
Layla yored le'at
Veru'ach shoshan noshvah
Havah elchash lach shir balat
Zemer shel ahava
Shachar homa yonah
Roshech maleh telalim
Pich el haboker shoshana
Ektefenu li
Original Hebrew.
נצא נא אל הבוסתן 
.לרגלך מפתן
ורוח שושן נושבה 
.זמר של אהבה
ראשך מלא טללים 
.אקטפנו לי

</doc>
<doc id="9853374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853374" title="Rick Anderson (baseball, born 1953)">
Rick Anderson (baseball, born 1953)

Richard Lee Anderson (December 25, 1953 – June 23, 1989) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He attended high school in Gardena, California.
Anderson was drafted by the New York Yankees in the first round of the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft. In , Anderson was named the International League Pitcher of the Year with the Columbus Clippers. He made his major league debut with the Yankees on September 18, . This was the only game in which he pitched for the Yankees, as he was traded to the Seattle Mariners over the offseason. After developing arm problems during the season, Anderson was released, effectively ending his career.
Anderson died from atherosclerosis brought on by obesity on June 23, 1989. When his body was discovered in his Wilmington, California home, he weighed over and was holding a letter from a fan. During his playing days, he was listed at tall and .

</doc>
<doc id="9853412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853412" title="Callisthenes (Syrian)">
Callisthenes (Syrian)

Callisthenes - a Syrian who was believed to have been concerned in the burning of the gates of the Temple during the persecution to which the Jews were subjected in the reign of Antiochus Epiphanes. When the Jews were celebrating their subsequent victory over Nicanor (135 B.C.), they captured Callisthenes, who had taken refuge in a little house, and burned him to death. "And so he received a reward meet for his wickedness" (II Macc. viii. 33)

</doc>
<doc id="9853413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853413" title="John Spiker">
John Spiker

John Spiker is an American musician primarily known for being the bassist for Tenacious D since 1999, and for the Industrial Rock band Filter from 2008 to 2010. He currently plays guitars and keys with Ronnie Vannucci's band Big Talk.
Biography.
Spiker was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio and graduated from Upper Arlington High School in 1999. He got his start in music playing the piano and drums at a very young age. He has played guitar since age 12.
In 2011, Spiker joined Ronnie Vannucci's new band Big Talk. He plays keys, guitar, and sings backup vocals with Big Talk.
Spiker spent the beginning of 2011 touring with Disney Channel's Shane Harper. He played guitar and sang backup with Shane.
He has spent a good part of 2011 recording on the new Tenacious D album. Spiker is engineering the new album, along with playing bass.
Spiker also Produced the new album for Brooks Wackerman's band, Kidneys, for which Spiker plays bass.
In 2010 Spiker toured with a few new bands, as well as doing session work as a guitarist, bassist, producer, and engineer. He recently played "Bonnaroo" with "Tenacious D" and "Wango Tango" with "Justin Gaston" as well as touring with "Trainwreck". Other bands he's playing with are "Abandoned Pools", "Zac Poor", Brooks Wackerman's "Kidneys" and various up and coming acts.
John spent most of 2009 in the studio playing as a session bassist and guitarist on: the upcoming Filter album, Jonas Brothers tracks, Steve Earle's Townes, and Soundtracks for "The Runaways", "2012 (film)", "Stepfather" and others.
In the spring of 2008, John Spiker joined the band Filter. After touring the majority of '08, they returned to Los Angeles to shoot a Live Concert DVD. Spiker played bass on Steve Earle's "Washington Square Serenade" in 2007, which won a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. He also plays with Tenacious D, and has toured with them in North America, Europe and Australia. He recently played the UK's Reading and Leeds festivals with the D in the Fall of 2008. He plays bass and sings in Kyle Gass's side project "Trainwreck".

</doc>
<doc id="9853424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853424" title="Barnabé Brisson">
Barnabé Brisson

Barnabé Brisson (Latinised: Barnabas Brissonius) (1531 – 15 November 1591) was a French jurist and politician.
Biography.
Born as the son of the king's lieutenant in Fontenay-le-Comte, Vendée, Brisson studied law in Orléans, Bourges and finally Poitiers, where he stayed on as an advocate. Between 1553 and 1556, he moved on to Paris, where he swiftly gained repute for his learning and rhetorical skills.
Charles IX named him Advocate General of the Parlement in 1573. His successor Henry III, put particular trust in Brisson, who was made first Fiscal in 1573, promoted to Président à mortier in 1580, appointed Sixth President of the Parlement in 1588 and entrusted with several diplomatical missions.
As the French Wars of Religion flamed up again, Brisson remained in Paris as the King fled the city on 16 January 1589. Next day, the "Seize" ("sixteen"), a group of League notables that now ruled Paris, installed Brisson as First President of the Parlement in replacement of Achille de Harlay. As a "politique", Brisson sought to mediate between the warring factions. The Seize, however, soon began to mistrust him, because they considered him to remain loyal to Henry. Consequently, they had him sentenced to death by a special court and executed by hanging in 1591.
Scholarly work.
Brisson never held academic office. Despite this, he is – with Contius, Balduinus, Cujacius, Hotmannus and Donellus – among the group of 16th century French jurists that brought Humanist jurisprudence to its peak.
His principal work is "De Verborum Quae ad Jus Civile Pertinent Significatione" (1559), a two-folio dictionary of Justinian legal terminology that saw 17 reeditions (often much amended) up until 1805. "De Verborum" was the standard legal dictionary of the time, and for centuries remained an authoritative source for lexicographers.
Among his other works, the following warrant particular mention. The "Code Henri III" was an influential 1587 compilation of the laws of France. It saw numerous reeditions, as did Brisson's works on pre-Justinian Roman law. These include "De formulis et solennibus populi Romani verbis", a comprehensive compilation of Roman legal terminology.

</doc>
<doc id="9853438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853438" title="Manish Arora">
Manish Arora

Manish Arora (Hindi:मनीष अरोरा) () is an Indian fashion designer based in New Delhi. In early 2011, he was appointed creative director of the womenswear collection of the French fashion house Paco Rabanne, although he left the company in May 2012.
Early life and education.
Born and brought up in Mumbai, Manish was studying to graduate in Commerce, when he decided to change his career path and applied for the National Institute of Fashion Technology in New Delhi. He graduated in 1994 after winning the Best Student Award.
Career.
In 1997 Manish Arora launched his own label ""Manish Arora"" and started retailing in India. Three years later, Manish participated in the first-ever India Fashion Week held in New Delhi and represented India at the Hong Kong Fashion Week. 
Arora launched his second label, ""Fish Fry"", in 2001. This colorful, sportswear-styled line was created in association with the athletic apparel manufacturer Reebok. During 2002 Manish opened his first flagship store, "Manish Arora Fish Fry", in New Delhi and in the following year opened a second store in Mumbai. Another successful showing at India Fashion Week (2003) led to a stocking deal with the fashion house Maria Luisa (Paris) and the beginning of a successful export business.
During 2004 he was awarded the "Best Women's Prêt Designer" at the first ever Indian Fashion Awards' 2004 held in Bombay and MC2 Diffusion Paris started representing the label for the export business. The following year Manish participated in the Miami Fashion Week in May 2005 where he was presented with the designer's choice for Best Collection Award.
He had a successful debut at the London Fashion Week in September 2005 and received an overwhelming response from the press as well as the buyers. He opened a new store at Lodhi Colony Market in New Delhi in December 2005. Arora exhibited some of his work at the Victoria & Albert Museum in London for an exhibition called ""Global Local"" in association with the British Council, India.
A fashion jury in a leading Indian publication "Outlook" designated him "Best Indian Fashion Designer" and featured him on the cover of its March 2006 issue. Manish opened his first Manish Arora franchise store in Villa Moda, Kuwait and another "Manish Arora Fish Fry" store at Crescent at The Qutub, New Delhi in 2006.
In 2007 the first "Fish Fry for Reebok" concept store opened at the Garden of Five Senses, New Delhi, and Arora teamed up with make-up and cosmetics giant MAC for designing a signature collection. He has also collaborated with Swatch for a limited edition of watches. In 2008, once again, Reebok launched the 'RBK Fish Fry Collection 2008', an exclusive lifestyle range designed by Manish Arora.
""Indian by Manish Arora"", a brand designed for the growing Indian market for women's wear, is licensed to another fashion company. Manish was invited to show his collection at the "“Fashion in Motion”" exhibition held at Victoria and Albert Museum, London in September 2007. By 2009 Manish owned four stores in India and sold his collections to more than 80 retailers worldwide. The designer has also entered into a joint venture with Biba Apparel Pvt. Ltd. to further expand the label. 
In 2012, Arora previewed his jewellery line in association with label Amrapali comprising a range of hand jewellery, neckpieces and pendants.
Style.
Manish Arora is regarded by many as "the John Galliano of India". He is known for a rich palette of psychedelic colours and kitsch motifs in garments that combine traditional Indian crafts like embroidery, appliqué and beading with Western silhouettes.

</doc>
<doc id="9853446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853446" title="Mauke Airport">
Mauke Airport

Mauke Airport is an airport on Mauke in the Cook Islands . 

</doc>
<doc id="9853457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853457" title="California Codes">
California Codes

The California Codes are 29 legal codes enacted by the California State Legislature, which together form the general statutory law of California. Unlike the United States Code or other U.S. state legal codes, they have never been consolidated into a single unified code. The official Codes are maintained by the California Legislative Counsel for the Legislature.
Codes currently in effect.
The 29 California Codes currently in effect are as follows (date of adoption by Legislature in parentheses):
Repealed codes.
The following codes have been repealed (date of original adoption in parentheses):
Influence elsewhere.
The California Codes were highly influential in a number of other U.S. jurisdictions, especially Puerto Rico. For example, on March 1, 1901, Puerto Rico enacted a Penal Code and Code of Criminal Procedure which were modeled after the California Penal Code, and on March 10, 1904, it enacted a Code of Civil Procedure modeled after the California Code of Civil Procedure. Thus, California case law interpreting those codes was treated as persuasive authority in Puerto Rico.
In 1941, the Puerto Rican Legislative Assembly joined the nationwide movement towards transferring civil procedure and evidentiary law into a system of rules promulgated by the courts, then abolished the judicial power to promulgate rules in 1946, then reinstated it in 1952 (subject to the right of the legislature to amend court rules before they went into effect). Eventually, after much of its content was superseded by the Rules of Civil Procedure and the Rules of Evidence, most of the Code of Civil Procedure of Puerto Rico was rendered obsolete and was therefore repealed. However, although the Penal Code of Puerto Rico underwent extensive recodification and renumbering in 1974, many of its sections still bear a strong resemblance to their California relatives.
The Code of Guam, implemented in 1933 by Governor George A. Alexander, was modeled after the California Codes. Thus, Guam courts look to California case law to assist them with interpretation of the Code of Guam.
History.
In 1868, the California Legislature authorized the first of many "ad hoc" Code Commissions to begin the process of codifying California law. Each Code Commission was a one-year temporary agency which either closed at the end of the year or was reauthorized and rolled over into the next year; thus, in some years there was no Code Commission. The first four codes enacted in 1872 were the Civil Code, the Code of Civil Procedure, the Penal Code, and the Political Code (which later became the Elections Code). Statutes that did not fit these categories were simply left uncodified in the California Statutes. 
The four original California Codes were not drafted from scratch, but were mostly adapted by the Code Commission from codes prepared for the state of New York by the great law reformer David Dudley Field II. As a result of the Gold Rush, many New York lawyers had migrated to California, including Field's brother, Stephen Johnson Field, who would ultimately serve as California's fifth Chief Justice before being appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court. The strong New York influence on early California law started with the California Practice Act of 1851 (drafted with the help of Stephen Field), which was directly based upon the New York Code of Civil Procedure of 1850 (the Field Code). In turn, it was the California Practice Act that served as the foundation of the California Code of Civil Procedure. New York never enacted Field's proposed civil or political codes, and belatedly enacted his proposed penal and criminal procedure codes only after California, but they were the basis of the codes enacted by California in 1872. 
As noted above, the initial four codes were not fully comprehensive. As a result, California statutory law became incredibly disorganized as uncodified statutes continued to pile up in the California Statutes. After many years of on-and-off Code Commissions, the California Code Commission was finally established as a permanent government agency in 1929. In its first report, the Commission stated: "The California statutory law is in a deplorable condition . . . law writers and publishers unite in considering it the worst statutory law in the country."
The Commission spent the next 24 years analyzing the massive body of uncodified law in the California Statutes and drafting almost all the other codes. By 1953, when the Code Commission completed its assigned task, 25 Codes were then in existence. That year, the Legislature replaced the Code Commission with the California Law Revision Commission. Since then, the CLRC has been tasked with regularly reviewing the Codes and proposing various amendments to the Legislature. Most of these are simple maintenance amendments to ensure that statutory cross-references are properly updated to add new laws or omit laws which no longer exist.
The newest code is the Family Code, which was split off from the Civil Code in 1994. Oddly, although there is a Code of Civil Procedure, there is no Code of Criminal Procedure. Instead, criminal procedure in California is codified in Part 2 of the Penal Code, while Part 1 is devoted to substantive criminal law.
Interpretation.
The Codes contain, or are supposed to only contain "general" statutory law, with the emphasis on the word "general". The Legislature also regularly enacts a variety of other things that are not laws of general application, such as annual budget bills and resolutions honoring the accomplishments of various distinguished persons; because of their limited application, all those things do not go into the Codes.
The Codes form an important part of California law. However, they must be read in combination with the federal and state constitutions, federal and state case law, and the California Code of Regulations, in order to understand how they are actually interpreted and enforced in court. The Civil Code is particularly difficult to understand since the Supreme Court of California has treated parts of it like a mere restatement of the common law. In contrast, other codes, such as the Probate Code and the Evidence Code, are considered to have fully displaced the common law, meaning that cases interpreting their provisions always try to give effect whenever possible to the Legislature's intent. 
Currently, the state government does "not" publish an official hardcopy version of the codes, though unofficial annotated copies are widely available from private publishers. West publishes "West's Annotated California Codes" and LexisNexis publishes "Deering's California Codes Annotated". The "West" annotated version is the more popular one; it is available throughout California at most large public libraries, and is also available throughout the U.S. at virtually all large law libraries. 
The state Legislative Counsel maintains an online copy of the codes (see link below), but the online copy lacks the detailed annotations which are often essential to understanding the text of the codes. 
There are also a handful of relatively minor statutes which were never codified and are not included in the Legislative Counsel's online copy, but probably "should" have been codified as they are laws of general application. The unofficial annotated codes include those statutes either as appendixes to the codes in which they probably should have been codified, or within annotations to particular code sections.

</doc>
<doc id="9853481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853481" title="Mitiaro Airport">
Mitiaro Airport

Mitiaro Airport (also known as Nukuroa Airport) is an airport on Mitiaro in the Cook Islands. It has a runway that is 25 feet above sea level and 3,000 feet long.
Airlines and destinations.
Three flights per week are available to Rarotonga.

</doc>
<doc id="9853487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853487" title="Chief Comcomly">
Chief Comcomly

Chief Comcomly (or Concomly) (1765 – 1830) was a Native American chief of the Chinookan people. Referred to as King Comcomly in contemporaneous journals, he was the principal chief of the Chinook Confederacy, which extended along the Columbia River from the Cascade Range to the Pacific Ocean.
Washington Irving described him in his book "Astoria" as "a shrewd old savage, with but one eye," and referred to his trade and diplomacy skills. Modern historian James Ronda characterizes Comcomly as a talented diplomat and shrewd businessman. He was friendly to the White explorers whom he encountered, including Robert Gray and George Vancouver, and he received peace medals from Lewis and Clark. He also assisted the Astor Expedition and offered to help the Americans fight the British during the War of 1812, but Astoria was sold to the British instead. Comcomly was friendly with the British as well. He was entertained at Fort Vancouver by John McLoughlin and he piloted Hudson's Bay Company ships up the Columbia.
Family.
Comcomly's daughter Elvamox, also known as Marianne, married Duncan McDougall of the Astor Expedition, and after he left she married Etienne Alexis Aubichon, also a fur trader. She was the mother of one son and six daughters. Another of Comcomly's daughters, Raven, also known as Princess Sunday, married Archibald McDonald. She was the mother of Ranald MacDonald.
Descendants.
Descendants of Comcomly include Chinook elder and historian Catherine Troeh and United States Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, who perished in Libya during the 2012 terrorist attack.
Death.
Comcomly died in 1830 when a fever epidemic struck his tribe. His remains were interred in a canoe, per Chinook custom, in the family burial ground. In 1835, Comcomly's skull was stolen from his grave by a Hudson's Bay Company physician and sent to England for display in the Royal Naval Hospital Haslar Museum. Although damaged in The Blitz during World War II, the skull was eventually sent to the Clatsop County Historical Society in Astoria in 1953, and then to the Smithsonian Institution in 1956. In 1972, it was finally repatriated to Chinook tribal members for reburial.
Namesakes.
There was a station of the Oregon Electric Railway in Marion County named "Concomly" for the chief.

</doc>
<doc id="9853501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853501" title="Brisson">
Brisson

Brisson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9853522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853522" title="Jackal buzzard">
Jackal buzzard

The jackal buzzard ("Buteo rufofuscus") is a 45–55 cm long African bird of prey. The taxonomy on this species is confusing, with some taxonomists considering this species, the Archer's buzzard, and the augur buzzard to be the same superspecies. Many taxonomists consider them all to be distinct, having different calls, different home ranges and variations in plumage. This is a species of mountains, and adjacent savanna and grassland. It is resident and non-migratory throughout its range.
Description.
The adult South African jackal buzzard is strikingly plumaged. It is almost black above with a rufous tail. The primary flight feathers are blackish and the secondaries off-white, both barred with black. Below the chin and around the throat is mainly chestnut, and the rest of the underparts and the underwing coverts are rich rufous. The flight feathers from below are white, tipped with black to form a dark trailing edge to the wing.
The juvenile jackal buzzard is mainly brown above and rufous brown below and on the tail.
The jackal buzzard has a "weeah ka-ka-ka" call like that of black-backed jackal, hence its name. It is also reminiscent of the call of the American red-tailed hawk.
Behaviour.
Pairs have noisy aerial displays, including outside the breeding season. The large (up to 1 m wide) stick nest is built in a tree or on a crag, and is often reused and enlarged in subsequent seasons. Two creamy or bluish white eggs are laid and incubated by the female only, although food is brought to her on the nest by the male.
The eggs hatch in about 40 days, and after a further 56–60 days they can attempt flight. At 70 days they become independent of the nest, but young birds may then be seen with the adult pair for some time.
The diet of the jackal buzzard is mainly small ground mammals, but snakes, lizards, small ground birds, insects, and road-kill are also taken. Typically, the raptor drops on its prey from a perch or hover.

</doc>
<doc id="9853524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853524" title="Tongareva Airport">
Tongareva Airport

Tongareva Airport is an airport on Penrhyn Island in the Cook Islands . 
History.
During World War II, Tongareva was of strategic importance. In 1942, 1,000 U.S. servicemen began constructing a 10,000 ft airstrip on the motu of Moananui. The airstrip was used by the American military until 1946. The island was not directly attacked, but was used for transport of men and materials.[http://www.airraro.com/clientpages/raro/penrhyn.html]
Airlines and destinations.
The Air Rarotonga connection to Rartogona is operated weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="9853526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853526" title="Archer's buzzard">
Archer's buzzard

The Archer's buzzard ("Buteo archeri") is a 50–55 cm long African bird of prey. The taxonomy on this species is confusing, with some taxonomists considering this species, the jackal buzzard, and the augur buzzard to be the same superspecies. Many taxonomists consider them all to be distinct, having different calls, different home ranges and slight variations in plumage. This is a species of mountains, and adjacent savanna and grassland. It is resident and non-migratory throughout its range. It is normally found in northern Somalia.
The adult Archer's buzzard is strikingly plumed. It is dark brown above with a dark tail. It has chestnut underparts, and rufous feathers above. It has white throat with black streaking.
Juvenile birds are pale rufous to white below with sparse streaking on the upper breast.
The diet of the Archer's Buzzard is mainly small ground mammals, but snakes, lizards, small ground birds, and insects. Typically, the raptor drops on its prey from a perch or hover.
The bird’s common name and Latin binomial commemorate the British explorer and colonial official Sir Geoffrey Francis Arthur.

</doc>
<doc id="9853528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853528" title="Bolinas-Stinson Union School District">
Bolinas-Stinson Union School District

Bolinas-Stinson Union School District is a public school district in Marin County, California, with offices in Bolinas, California, USA. As of the 2004-05 school year, the District had 122 students at its two campuses.
History.
Bolinas School has been in continuous operation since 1858. The original wooden school-house was burned down in 1978 by an arsonist, but was rebuilt as a virtually exact replica of the original building. Until the fire, it was said to be the oldest standing school building in California. 
Staff.
The District had 9.0 full-time-equivalent classroom teachers (1 kindergarten, 7 elementary, and 1 ungraded). The other 15 staff included 8 instructional aides or coordinators, 1 administrator, and 6 support staff. There were no guidance counselors or library staff.
Fiscal.
The District budget as of 2004-05 was $2,092,000, or $15,969 per student. Revenue sources were 8% federal, 81% local, and 11% state. 
Community demographics.
In 2000, the attendance area had a total population under age 18 of 477, of which 52 (8.0%) were Hispanic.
The racial composition was 
Student demographics.
The majority of the students are white. Enrollment by race or ethnicity and by gender are as follows:
Bolinas-Stinson is a Title I school with a School-Wide Program. Twenty-five of the students in the District are eligible for subsidized meals—16 for free lunch and 9 for reduced-price lunch. There are no migrant students.
Bolinas Stinson School.
Stinson Beach Campus.
Stinson Beach School is located on State Route 1, one mile north of the town of Stinson Beach, California. In 2004-05, it had an enrollment of 31 students in kindergarten through second grade. With 3.0 full-time-equivalent teachers, Stinson School had a student-teacher ratio of 10.3. (See distribution at right). 
Stinson Beach School is not a charter school or a magnet school. 
Bolinas Campus.
Bolinas School had an enrollment of 91 students in third through eighth grade in 2004-05. With 6.0 full-time-equivalent teachers, Bolinas had a student-teacher ratio of 15.1. The campus is located approximately one mile east of the town of Bolinas, California, in an area known as Gospel Flats. Bolinas is neither a charter or magnet school.

</doc>
<doc id="9853530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853530" title="Augur buzzard">
Augur buzzard

The Augur Buzzard ("Buteo augur") is a 55–60 cm long African bird of prey. The taxonomy on this species is confusing, with some taxonomists considering this species, the Jackal Buzzard, and the Archer's Buzzard to be the same superspecies. Many taxonomists consider them all to be distinct, having different calls, different home ranges and variations in plumage. This is a species of mountains (most typically at about 2000 m altitude, but up to 5000 m), and adjacent savannah and grassland. It is resident and non-migratory throughout its range. It is normally found from Ethiopia to southern Angola and central Namibia
Description.
The adult Augur Buzzard is strikingly plumaged. It is almost black above with a rufous tail. The primary flight feathers are blackish and the secondaries off-white, both barred with black. Below the chin and around the throat is mainly white, and the rest of the underparts and the underwing coverts are rich rufous. The flight feathers from below are white, tipped with black to form a dark trailing edge to the wing.
The juvenile Augur Buzzard is mainly brown above and rufous brown below and on the tail. It can be confused with wintering Steppe Buzzard, but has broader wings and an unbarred undertail.
The adult Augur Buzzard has white underparts and underwings. The female has black on the lower throat. Juveniles are brown above and buff below, the underparts later becoming white. There is a melanistic form of Augur Buzzard, all black, except for grey and black-barred flight feathers and a chestnut tail. About 10% of birds are melanistic, but the proportion rises in forested areas with high rainfall to as much as 50% in some areas.
Behaviour.
Pairs have noisy aerial displays, including outside the breeding season. The large (up to 1 m wide) stick nest is built in a tree or on a crag, and is often reused and enlarged in subsequent seasons. Two creamy or bluish white eggs are laid and incubated by the female only, although food is brought to her on the nest by the male.
The eggs hatch in about 40 days, and after a further 56–60 days they can attempt flight. At 70 days they become independent of the nest, but young birds may then be seen with the adult pair for some time.
The diet of the Augur Buzzard is mainly small ground mammals, but snakes, lizards, small ground birds, insects, and road-kill are also taken. Typically, the raptor drops on its prey from a perch or hover.

</doc>
<doc id="9853547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853547" title="Sämtisersee">
Sämtisersee

Sämtisersee is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden, Switzerland. At an elevation of 1209 m, the surface area is 0.13 km². It is located below Hoher Kasten not far from Fälensee.

</doc>
<doc id="9853551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853551" title="Accelerated idioventricular rhythm">
Accelerated idioventricular rhythm

Accelerated idioventricular rhythm is ventricular rhythm with a rate of between 40 and 120 beats per minute. Idioventricular means "“relating to or affecting the cardiac ventricle alone“ and refers to any ectopic ventricular arrythmia. Accelerated idioventricular arrhythmias are distinguished from ventricular rhythms with rates less than 40 (ventricular escape) and those faster than 120 (ventricular tachycardia). Though some other references limit to between 60 and 100 beats per minute. It is also referred to as AIVR and "slow ventricular tachycardia."
It can be present at birth. However it is more commonly associated with reperfusion after myocardial injury.
Pathophysiology.
In normal hearts the sinoatrial node in the atria is the first area to depolarize and generates the action potential that leads to depolarization of the rest of the myocardium. This suppresses the intrinsic depolarization of the other parts of the heart.
The accelerated idioventricular rhythm occurs when depolarization rate of a normally suppressed focus increases to above that of the "higher order" focuses (the sinoatrial node and the atrioventricular node). This most commonly occurs in the setting of a sinus bradycardia.
Accelerated idioventricular rhythm is also the most common reperfusion arrhythmia in humans. However, ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation remain the most important causes of sudden death following spontaneous restoration of antegrade flow. Prior to the modern practice of percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome, pharmacologic thrombolysis was more common and accelerated idioventricular rhythms were used as a sign of successful reperfusion. It is considered a benign arrythmia that does not require intervention, though through AV dyssynchrony can cause hemodynamic instability which can be treated through overdrive pacing or atropine.
Appearance.
AIVR appears similar to ventricular tachycardia with wide QRS complexes (QRS >120) and a regular rhythm. It can most easily be distinguished from VT in that the rate is less than 120 and usually less than 100 bpm. There may or may not be AV dissociation depending on whether it is due to ventricular escape or AV block.

</doc>
<doc id="9853565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853565" title="Meke">
Meke

Meke is a broad term in the Fijian language, primarily referring to all traditional style of dance. It is a cognate of the words ""maka"" (Rotuman) and ""mele"" (Hawaiian). It is typically performed during celebrations and festivals. Traditionally the dances that comprise the "meke" art form are performed by groups of men only or women only, however, foreign influences, such as the male/female Tongan ma'ulu'ulu becoming the Fijian vakamalolo, are evident throughout.
Professor Friedrich Ratzel in his 1896 publication (Macmillan of London), The History of Mankind, writes about the Fijian meke as both song and dance which only a few are given to invent and which those who do, allege that they do so in the spirit world where divine beings teach them the song and the appropriate dance. He wrote that the ideal of the Fijian poet is poetry with every verse ending with the same vowell of regular measure, which, in practice is often achieved with poetic license through the use of arbitrary abbreviations or lengthenings, and omission of articles, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9853578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853578" title="Louisiana (New Spain)">
Louisiana (New Spain)

Louisiana (, ) was the name of an administrative district of the Viceroyalty of New Spain from 1762 to 1802 that represented territory west of the Mississippi River basin, plus New Orleans. Spain acquired the territory from France, who had named it La Louisiane in honor of their king Louis XIV in 1682.
History.
Spain was largely a benign absentee landlord administering it from Havana, Cuba and contracting out governing to people from many nationalities as long as they swore allegiance to Spain. During the American War of Independence, the Spanish funneled their supplies to the American revolutionists through New Orleans and the vast Louisiana territory beyond.
Although only maintaining it for 40 years, the Spanish were largely responsible for establishing much of the character of New Orleans and Louisiana that is normally associated with the French. For instance, the buildings in the "French Quarter" of New Orleans are actually Spanish colonial era constructions. Also, Spanish control of the region continued and strengthened the Catholic influence that had begun with the French.
Upper and Lower.
The Spanish divided Louisiana into Upper Louisiana and Lower Louisiana at 36° 35' North, at about the latitude of New Madrid. This was a higher latitude than the French, for whom Lower Louisiana was the area south of about 31° North (the current boundary of the State of Louisiana) or the area south of where the Arkansas River joined the Mississippi at about 33° 46' North latitude.

</doc>
<doc id="9853602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853602" title="Louis I, Prince of Monaco">
Louis I, Prince of Monaco

Louis I, Prince of Monaco (25 July 1642, in Prince's Palace of Monaco – 3 January 1701, in Rome) was Prince of Monaco from 1662 until 1701.
"Louis Grimaldi" was the elder son of Prince Hercule of Monaco and Maria Aurelia Spinola.
Louis married 30 March 1660 in Pau Catherine Charlotte de Gramont (1639 – Paris 4 June 1678), daughter of Marshal Antoine III de Gramont.
They had six children :
In 1662 Louis succeeded his grandfather Honoré II as Prince of Monaco. In 1666 he distinguished himself at the Four Days' Battle between the English and Dutch fleets. On 5 July 1668 he took the oath to King Louis XIV of France in the Parlement on account of being Duke of Valentinois and a Peer of France. He was made a knight of the French royal orders on 31 December 1688.
In 1699 Louis XIV sent Louis to Rome as ambassador extraordinary. There on 19 December he presented the insignia of the Order of the Holy Spirit to James Louis and Alexander Benedict Sobieski, the two sons of King John III of Poland. Louis remained in Rome, where he died 3 January 1701. His remains were transported back to Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="9853606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853606" title="I Swear I Was There">
I Swear I Was There

I Swear I Was There: The Gig That Changed the World by David Nolan (IMP 2006) is a detailed book account of the Sex Pistols' gig at the Lesser Free Trade Hall, Manchester on 4 June 1976. The gig was voted by Channel 4 television as one of the three most important gigs of all time, and featured in the films "24 Hour Party People" and "Control".
Those rumoured to have been in the audience include:
The book also features the follow-up gig on 20 July 1976 and the Pistols' first TV appearance on Granada Television in September 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9853609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853609" title="Inda">
Inda

Inda is the first installment in a quartet of books which act as an historical prequel to Sherwood Smith's other books set in Sartorias-deles, the world which she has been "writing about since was eight years old,". Inda's story takes place in the southern hemisphere of this planet.
Inda's sequel, "The Fox", came out on August 7, 2007.
Overview.
Indevan-Dal "Inda" Algara-Vayir is the younger son of a Marlovan prince. He is sent to the Academy to learn the art of war, the highest art of his warrior country.
Once at the Academy, life is not as Inda expected. Through determination and unexpected friendships, Inda survives until a fateful summer when one of his classmates dies and his life is changed forever. Now exiled to the sea, serving aboard a merchant sailor Indevan-Dal's life is no more and Inda's begins
Characters.
Indevan "Inda" Algara-Vayir: The second son of the Marlovan prince and princess, Jarend Algara-Vayir and Fareas Fera-Vayir. He is Tanrid's future Shield Arm.
Tanrid Algara-Vayir: The heir to the Marlovan prince and is Inda's older brother.
Hadand Algara-Vayir: Inda and Tanrid's sister. She is betrothed to the Marlovan king's heir, Aldren Montrei-Vayir.
Evred "Sponge" Montrei-Vayir: The second son to the Marlovan king, Tlennen Montrei-Vayir and his queen, Wisthia Shagal. Went to the Academy with Inda. He is Aldren's future Shield Arm.
Aldren Montre-Vayir: Evred's brother and heir to the Marlovan throne.
Barend Montre-Vayir: Cousin to Evred and Aldren, the son of Anderle Montrei-Vayir, the king's brother and Shield Arm. He is sent to sea and presumed dead when his ships are destroyed.
Kendred "Dogpiss" Noth: He went to the Academy with Inda. His death was blamed on Inda.
Landred "Cherry-Stripe" Marlo-Vayir: He went to the Academy with Inda and is the future Shield Arm to his brother, Aldren "Buck" Marlo-Vayir
Camarend "Cama" Tya-Vayir: Went to the Academy with Inda and the future Shield Arm of Stalgrid "Horsebutt" Tya-Vayir
Joret Dei: Tanrid's betrothed
Tdor Marth-Davan - Inda's betrothed
Criticism.
Inda has been much more polarizing among the readership than past works of Sherwood Smith. Members of Amazon.com who participate in writing reviews of her books have been especially dichotomic.

</doc>
<doc id="9853620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853620" title="In-circuit test">
In-circuit test

In-circuit test (ICT) is an example of white box testing where an electrical probe tests a populated printed circuit board (PCB), checking for shorts, opens, resistance, capacitance, and other basic quantities which will show whether the assembly was correctly fabricated. It may be performed with a bed of nails type test fixture and specialist test equipment, or with a fixtureless in-circuit test setup.
Bed of nails tester.
A bed of nails tester is a traditional electronic test fixture which has numerous pins inserted into holes in an epoxy phenolic glass cloth laminated sheet (G-10) which are aligned using tooling pins to make contact with test points on a printed circuit board and are also connected to a measuring unit by wires. Named by analogy with a real-world bed of nails, these devices contain an array of small, spring-loaded pogo pins; each pogo pin makes contact with one node in the circuitry of the DUT (device under test). By pressing the DUT down against the bed of nails, reliable contact can be quickly and simultaneously made with hundreds or even thousands of individual test points within the circuitry of the DUT. The hold-down force may be provided manually or by means of a vacuum, thus pulling the DUT downwards onto the nails.
Devices that have been tested on a bed of nails tester may show evidence of this after the fact: small dimples (from the sharp tips of the Pogo pins) can often be seen on many of the soldered connections of the PCB.
Typically, four to six weeks are needed for the manufacture and programming of such a fixture. Fixtures can either be vacuum or press-down. Vacuum fixtures give better signal reading versus the press-down type. On the other hand, vacuum fixtures are expensive because of their high manufacturing complexity. The bed of nails or fixture as generally termed is used together with a in-circuit tester. Fixtures with a grid of 0.8 mm for small nails and test point diameter 0.6 mm are theoretical possible without using special constructions. But in mass production, test point diameters of 1.0 mm or higher are normally used to minimise contact faílures leading to lower remachining costs.
This technique of testing PCB's is being slowly superseded by boundary scan techniques (silicon test nails), automated optical inspection, and built-in self-test, due to shrinking product sizes and lack of space on PCB's for test pads. Nevertheless ICT is used in mass production to detect failures before doing end-of-line test and producing scrap.
Example test sequence.
While in-circuit testers are typically limited to testing the above devices, it is possible to add additional hardware to the test fixture to allow different solutions to be implemented. Such additional hardware includes:
Limitations.
While in-circuit test is a very powerful tool for testing PCBs, it has these limitations:
Related technologies.
The following are related technologies and are also used in electronic production to test for the correct operation of Electronics Printed Circuit boards
Typical vendors.
Vendors of test systems:
Vendors of fixtures:

</doc>
<doc id="9853628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853628" title="Jim Stamatis">
Jim Stamatis

Jim Stamatis (born Kiriaki, Greece) is a retired U.S.-Greek soccer forward and Vice President of The Louis Berger Group. He played professionally in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and American Soccer League.
Youth and college.
Stamatis moved to the United States with his family as a youth. He attended Liberty High School in Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania. and was selected to the All State Team in 1975. After high school, he was recruited by many top colleges but elected to play at Penn State because of Coach Bahr’s honesty that Stamatis would need to earn a place on the team.[http://www.oldsoccerguys.com/Attendees.htm Stamatis did work hard and developed into one of the top collegiate forwards. 
In 1978, Stamatis was named as a first team All American. The following year, Stamatis was selected as the 1979 winner of the Hermann Trophy, awarded annually to the most outstanding player in all of American college soccer. Penn State also made it to the NCAA championship semifinals that year before losing to eventual winners SIU-E.
National team.
His outstanding play with Penn State brought him to the attention of the national team and he was called up to the U-23 national team at the Pan American games and for preparations for the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Professional soccer.
In 1980, the San Diego Sockers selected Stamatis in the first round of the North American Soccer League draft. He only played a year in the league before moving to the Denver Avalanche of Major Indoor Soccer League and the Pennsylvania Stoners of the American Soccer League before back injuries cut short his playing career.
Post-soccer career.
He had failed to complete his degree while at Penn State, so he decided to enter the New Jersey Institute of Technology where he graduated with a Civil Engineering degree in 1985. His choice of school was influenced by the fact that his fiancée, now wife, was from New Jersey. While in New Jersey, Stamatis continued his association with soccer, now as a coach rather than as a player. He became an assistant coach with the school’s men's soccer team. Stamatis became a civil engineer for the Louis Berger Group and rose to the position of senior vice president. While he did not continue to coach soccer after graduating from NJIT, he got back into coaching when his children began playing. His achievements as a coach now include three New Jersey State Cups and two Region I Championships. He has two sons; John, who played at Harvard University from 2005-2008, and William, who currently plays for Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="9853634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853634" title="Antonio Scontrino">
Antonio Scontrino

Antonio Scontrino (17 May 1850, Trapani – 7 January 1922, Florence) was an Italian composer.
Scontrino studied at the Palermo Conservatory from 1861 and 1870 and later in Munich. He began performing as a double bassist in 1891. In 1898, he became a professor of composition at the Palermo Conservatory and also taught in Florence afterwards. (Indeed, there are references to him as a teacher of counterpoint at the Florence Conservatory somewhat earlier, in 1897.)
He composed five operas (from 1879 to 1896), several large orchestral works (including symphonies), one concerto each for double bass, bassoon, and piano, four string quartets and a prelude and fugue for quartet, incidental music, pieces for piano, choral music, and lieder.
Scontrino's String Quartets are: E minor (Prelude and Fugue) 1895?; G minor in 4 movements, 1900; C major 4 movements, 1903; A minor 4 movements, 1905?; F major 4 movements, 1918? 
The Conservatorio di Musica "Antonio Scontrino" in Trapani is named in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="9853655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853655" title="Levuka Airfield">
Levuka Airfield

Levuka Airfield is an airport on the island of Ovalau, one of the Lomaiviti Islands in Fiji. Also known as Bureta Airport, it is located from the town of Levuka. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9853662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853662" title="Vista Field">
Vista Field

Vista Field was a public use airport located in Benton County, Washington, United States. The airport was located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of the City of Kennewick and was owned by the Port of Kennewick.
It was also known as Vista Field Airport.
Several shipping carriers operated out of the airport. There has been controversy in recent years over whether or not to continue to operate the airport or to shut it down, however it was officially closed on December 31, 2013.
Facilities and aircraft.
Vista Field covered an area of at an elevation of 534 feet (163 m) above mean sea level. It had one asphalt paved runway designated 2/20 which measured 4,008 by 150 feet (1,222 x 46 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 30, 2007, the airport had 45,000 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 123 per day. At that time there were 35 aircraft based at this airport: 86% single-engine, 11% multi-engine and 3% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="9853664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853664" title="Chris Spencer (actor)">
Chris Spencer (actor)

Chris Spencer (born January 2, 1968) is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer. He was the first host of the syndicated late night talk show "Vibe", based on the magazine of the same name. He has gone on to star in several film projects such as "The Sixth Man", "Significant Others", and "Postal". Chris is also one of the most sought after writers having done projects with Wayans family, Jamie Foxx, and was significant in helping Nick Cannon create MTV's "Wild 'N Out". Chris Spencer also travels the country as a standup comedian and has performed on "The Chris Rock Show", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and HBO's "Def Comedy Jam". Chris and fellow friends, Al Madrigal and Maz Jobrani are on a weekly podcast, Minivan Men. He is a writer for the scripted comedy, The Real Husbands of Hollywood.
Personal life.
Spencer, a Jamaican American, was born in Los Angeles, California on January 2, 1968. He currently lives in Los Angeles with his wife, Vanessa Spencer, and their two children; their son Christopher, and their daughter Isabella.

</doc>
<doc id="9853670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853670" title="Hipódromo de las Américas">
Hipódromo de las Américas

Hipódromo de las Américas is a thoroughbred and quarter-horse race track in Mexico City, Mexico that had its inaugural meeting on March 6, 1943. It is located approximately four and one-half miles from the Downtown district, on Lomas de Sotelo, Mexico City. It is operated by Grupo CIE.
Facilities include the original club-house and grandstand, with seating for 20,000 persons, as well a stable area which can accommodate 1700 horses. It is the home of the Mexican Derby, and many prominent jockeys have ridden there over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="9853681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853681" title="Abdullah Muhammad Rashid al-Rashoud">
Abdullah Muhammad Rashid al-Rashoud

Abdullah Muhammad Rashid al-Rashoud () was a member of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and its so-called sharia committee, and, briefly, a member of al-Qaeda in Iraq. He was one of Saudi Arabia's most wanted fugitives when he was killed in Iraq in June 2005. His status in al-Qaeda is attested to by the fact that his death was announced (in an Internet statement on 23 June 2005) by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi personally. In the jihadist Internet subculture, al-Rashoud himself was widely known for his own videos. He got high billing at the "Tawhed" Sunni terrorist webset (which was named for Zarqawi's group under its original name "Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad") operated by the organization of Zarqawi's former mentor Maqdisi.
Zarqawi said that al-Rashoud died in American aerial bombing in Qa'im, Iraq (near Syria) around 21 June 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9853683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853683" title="Kato'aga">
Kato'aga

Kato'aga is a broad term in the Rotuman language summing up all the intricate ceremonies and gatherings of Rotuman culture. In particular, it refers to the ceremonies involved in celebrating the achievements of people of high rank, or identifying their elevation to important positions of authority within Fiji or internationally. Recent kato'aga have been held for Chief Justice Daniel Fatiaki upon elevation to being the head of Judiciary of Fiji, and to Major General George Konrote when he became Commander of UNIFIL.

</doc>
<doc id="9853694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853694" title="Childish Things">
Childish Things

Childish Things is a 2005 album by singer-songwriter James McMurtry (see 2005 in music). It was awarded the 2006 Americana Music Association Album of the Year Award. The song "We Can't Make It Here" was named the best song of the 2000s decade by music critic Robert Christgau.

</doc>
<doc id="9853706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853706" title="David Nolan (British author)">
David Nolan (British author)

David Nolan is a British television producer and author, specialising in music and popular culture biographies, covering subjects from the Sex Pistols to Simon Cowell. He is a former lecturer at Salford University. 
<br>
Based in Manchester, Nolan is known for investigating and proving/disproving myths in popular music. He tracked down the audience for the famous 1976 gig by the Sex Pistols at Manchester's Lesser Free Trade Hall, and discovered the reasons for the secrecy surrounding the family history of New Order frontman Bernard Sumner. He also incurred the wrath of Morrissey by turning him into a cartoon character for the Granada Television documentary "These Things Take Time" in 2002, after the ex singer with the Smiths refused to appear in the programme.
In 2008, he produced the Salford Music Map for Salford City Council, showing many of the city's music landmarks and artists, including Bernard Sumner, Ewan MacColl and Tim Burgess of the Charlatans.
His biography of Tony Wilson was published in 2009. In it he revealed details of the late music entrepreneur's early years, his careers in music and television, his personal relationships as well his battle with the NHS for the cancer drug Sutent. The book was written with the co-operation of Wilson's partner. 
After writing books on Ed Sheeran and Emeli Sandé, his biography of Nottingham singer Jake Bugg was published in 2014. It was reviewed by Bugg's father for the Nottingham Post, who said it contained, "Information I didn't know... Reading it was quite emotional for me at times." 

</doc>
<doc id="9853737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853737" title="Kalnica">
Kalnica

Kalnica may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="9853741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853741" title="Richland Airport (Washington)">
Richland Airport (Washington)

Richland Airport is a public airport located two miles (3 km) northwest of the central business district of Richland, a city in Benton County, Washington, United States. It is owned by the Port of Benton.
Facilities and aircraft.
Richland Airport covers an area of which contains two asphalt paved runways: 1/19 measuring 4,009 x 75 ft (1,222 x 23 m) and 8/26 measuring 3,995 x 100 ft (1,218 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending July 31, 2007, the airport had 29,000 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 79 per day. There are 202 aircraft based at this airport: 87% single-engine, 2% multi-engine, 1% helicopter, 4% glider and 6% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="9853745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853745" title="Chiya Fujino">
Chiya Fujino

Fujino is a male-to-female transsexual who reflects the difficulties of her own life journey in the characterisations of her writing. Many of her characters are social misfits in conflict with the conventions and mores of wider Japanese society.
Born in the city of Fukuoka, Fujino attended Chiba University. In the 1980s, she worked in a major Japanese publishing house before beginning her own writing career.

</doc>
<doc id="9853746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853746" title="Seealpsee">
Seealpsee

Seealpsee is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden, Switzerland. At an elevation of 1,143.2 m, the surface area is 13.6 hectares. The lake can be reached by foot from Wasserauen or from Ebenalp. A network of routes around Ebenalp connects Seealpsee with other notable sights in the Appenzell Alps, such as the Wildkirchli and Säntis. 
The Berggasthaus Forelle am Seealpsee, with a large open air terrace, dominates the western end of the lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="9853761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853761" title="Balaia (Raven)">
Balaia (Raven)

Balaia is a fictional country, featured in the Chronicles of The Raven, the Legends of The Raven and LightStealer, all by James Barclay. Balaia is also the name of the continent on which the country, Balaia, resides. Balaia (the continent) is split unevenly in two by a mountain range, with Balaia (the country) on the East and the Wesman lands on the West.
The peoples of Balaia (the continent) are:

</doc>
<doc id="9853763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853763" title="Anopheles culicifacies">
Anopheles culicifacies

Anopheles culicifacies ("sensu lato") is one of the major vectors of malaria on the Indian Subcontinent. It has been reported to be a species complex consisting of five sibling species which have been provisionally designated as species A, B, C, D, and E. It prefers to rest indoors in cattle sheds, where it feeds on cattle. The control of "A. culicifacies" has become a formidable task due to development of insecticide resistance against all commonly used insecticides, including new-generation insecticides such as synthetic pyrethroids.
It has a "Culex"-like sitting posture.
The insect must complete an ovipositing dance before releasing its eggs to the water (for development). This dance requires a volume of space. Hence, if objects are in this space, then the mosquito does not lay its eggs. This is the reason for the lack of this mosquito species in regions with plenty of wheat. The wheat stalks prevent the mosquito from completing its ovipositing dance.

</doc>
<doc id="9853769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853769" title="Pellafol">
Pellafol

Pellafol is a commune in the Isère department in south-eastern France.
Geography.
Pellafol is situated to the south of Dauphiné and Dévoluy (midway between Grenoble and Gap). On a magnificent plateau served by Lake Sautet, with limited entry to the departments of Isère and Hautes-Alpes. Pellafol is 990m in altitude.
Neighboring communes.
Corps, Cordéac, Ambel, Beaufin, Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy.
History.
Historically, Pellafol was a former fort château.

</doc>
<doc id="9853774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853774" title="George Moloney">
George Moloney

George Michael "Specka" Moloney (7 August 1909 – 5 January 1983) was a highly regarded Australian rules footballer in both the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) and the (then) Victorian Football League (VFL).
Moloney had a formidable reputation as a centre, but more often played a key forward. Playing for Claremont Football Club in the WANFL, he won the Sandover Medal in 1936 as the league's fairest and best player. In 1938, he led Claremont to its first-ever premiership, and repeated the feat in the next two seasons.
In 1996, Moloney was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame and in 2004 he was inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame where he has legend status.

</doc>
<doc id="9853796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853796" title="Enrico Mainardi">
Enrico Mainardi

Enrico Mainardi (19 May 1897, Milan – 10 April 1976, Munich) was an Italian cellist, composer, and conductor.
At the age of thirteen, in 1910, Mainardi had already begun his career as a cello virtuoso who toured the concert halls of Europe. He later taught at the Hochschule für Musik in Berlin and the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome, and also held summer classes in Salzburg and Lucerne. Pupils of his who later became distinguished included Siegfried Palm, Miklós Perényi, Michael Steinkühler, Heidi Litschauer, Erkki Rautio and Joan Dickson.
Together with the pianist Edwin Fischer and the violinist Georg Kulenkampff (whose place was later taken by Wolfgang Schneiderhan), Mainardi formed a famous piano trio. In 1967, he also founded a trio with the pianist Guido Agosti and the flutist Severino Gazzelloni.
As a composer, Mainardi wrote orchestral works, a cello concerto per due violoncelli, and chamber music. He wrote solo sonatas also the"Sonata breve" (published by Schott) in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="9853806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853806" title="Kanyakubja Brahmins">
Kanyakubja Brahmins

Kanyakubja Brahmins are a Brahmin community found in central India, including the state of Uttar Pradesh. The word Kanyakubja means Brahmins of the Kannauj region. Kannauj region was spread to border of Vidisha in ancient times. Other sub-group of Kanyakubja are the Saryupareen Brahmin, and Jujhautiya Brahmin.
In the 19th (held at Prayag) and 20th (held at Lucknow) national convention of Kanyakubja Brahmins by "Kanyakubja Mahati Sabha", in 1926 and 1927 respectively, it appealed for unity among Kanyakubja Brahmins whose different branches included Sanadhya, Pahadi, Jujhoutia, Saryupareen, Chattisgarhi, Bhumihar Brahmins and different Bengali Brahmins.
Vanshavali.
""Kanyakubj Vanshavali"" mentions five branches of Kanyakubja Brahmins as Saryupareen, Sanadhya, Bhumihar Brahmin, Jujhautiya and Prakrit Kanaujia:

</doc>
<doc id="9853830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853830" title="Beck Theatre">
Beck Theatre

The Beck Theatre is a 600-seat theatre in Hayes, in the London Borough of Hillingdon. It was built in 1977 at a cost of £2.5 million.
Type.
The Beck is very much a community theatre, offering one-night concerts, drama, comedy, dance, musicals, children's shows, films, opera, pantomime, and a renowned children's summer project.
History.
The Beck Theatre was built in 1977 by Hillingdon Borough Council, with a bequest from Councillor Alfred Beck. It was purpose-built as a community-focused theatre, and is set in a parkland aspect adjoining a botanical garden (the Norman Leddy Memorial Gardens).
The Beck was one of forty buildings considered for the Royal Institute of British Architects London region award in 1978, and in 2004 won an Access Award from Hillingdon Council for its resources for disabled and elderly people.
A fund shortage threatened the theatre's future in 1984, when it was saved by a local petition. It was taken over in 1986 by impresario Charles Vance. The management contract passed then to Hetherington Seelig, followed by Apollo Leisure in 1992 (later bought out by Clear Channel Entertainment). In 2006, the Beck reverted to Hetherington Seelig in a partnership with Qdos Entertainment called HQ Theatres, which continues to run the theatre on behalf of the local council.
In June 1991, the theatre was the scene of an attempted IRA bombing, before a performance by the Blues and Royals band.
Transport.
Buses.
The 90, 195, 427, 607, H98 and U7 buses all stop at the Beck Theatre. Alight at the traffic lights at the junction of Uxbridge Road and Grange Road.
Train.
The closest train station is Hayes and Harlington, which is approximately 2 km away. The 90, 195, and H98 buses connect Hayes and Harlington Station and the Beck Theatre.
Tube.
Uxbridge is the closest London Underground station. The 427, 607, and U7 buses connect Uxbridge Station and the Beck Theatre.
Car.
There is a free car park at the theatre. Audience members may be dropped off at the main theatre-entrance prior to parking.
Artists.
The following is a selective list of artists to have trod the boards at the Beck:

</doc>
<doc id="9853836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853836" title="Ritu Beri">
Ritu Beri

Ritu Beri () () is a New Delhi based International fashion designer. She was the first Asian designer to head the French fashion brand, Jean-Louis Scherrer.
Personal life.
Ritu Beri's father, Balbir Singh Beri was an adjutant at IMA, Dehradun. Her mother, Indu Beri, is an entrepreneur & her younger brother Navin works with her.
The designer, in 2004, married exporter Bobby Chadha.
Education.
Ritu Beri graduated from Lady Shri Ram College in Economics honours after which she joined NIFT. The designer is amongst the first batch of NIFT which then comprised only 25 students. Her final collection titled LAVANYA became one of the highlights.
The designer has also trained herself in embroidery under Francois Lesage.
Career.
Ritu Beri did her schooling from Army Public School, Dhaula Kuan in New Delhi and went on to study fashion arts at the NIFT, New Delhi.
Beri launched her label in India in 1990.
In 1998, Beri presented a show in Paris successfully launching her first luxe collection & also becoming the first Indian designer to do so.
She is the only Indian designer to be featured in promostyl's magazine Acustyl, which forecasts fashion trends worldwide. Beri was also named by Time magazine among the People to Watch in International Business. She is the author of the personal fashion book, 101 Ways to Look Good. She also serves on the board of Governors at NIFT, and is an honorary patron of the Savera Association, a popular charity involved in improving the lives of Indian woman.
She wrote the Most Expensive Indian Book, "Firefly - A Fairytale". The book is priced at Rs 1 lakh and is published by Ritu Beri herself. Famous publisher Penguin had earlier commissioned Ritu Beri to write the book but abandoned the project after hearing the price for the book she had in mind. The book deals with topics like architecture, history, women and their beauty. It also talks about Ritu Beri's experiences in Paris which were important in shaping her career. François Lesage, "the guru of embroidery", has written the foreword to the book. Firefly - A Fairytale will have limited edition. Only 100 copies will be sold in India through Ritu Beri's store in Delhi and the book is also available at the new Louis Vuitton flagship store near Champs Elysee in Paris.
Her notable international clients are former US President Bill Clinton, Prince Charles, Moulin Rouge, Nicole Kidman, Hollywood actress Andie MacDowell, Supermodel Laetitia Casta, famous Parisian Socialite Mrs. Lagerdere, Langes Swarovski & The Swarovski family, Elizabeth Jagger and Jerry Hall.
Her notable Indian clients are Madhuri Dixit, Rani Mukherji, Preity Zinta, Parmeshwar Godrej & Shobha De.
In 2012, the designer showcased her ethnic collection at Mumbai fashion week. The collection was inspired by the richness of Indian culture with artistic handwork moulded into contemporary silhouettes.
Ritu sells her creations through boutiques in France and Germany and a store in New Delhi.
Awards.
Beri received Millennium Achiever and Rashtriya Shiromani Awards in the year 2000.
In 2004, she received the Global Excellence Award for her contribution in the field of fashion.
The designer, in 2007, received the Kalpana Chawla Excellence Awards 2007 for women for excelling in her field.
In 2010,Ritu Beri was conferred the Chevalier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters), one of the highest civilian awards by the French government, for her contribution to the fashion industry 

</doc>
<doc id="9853852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853852" title="Hawaii Tokai International College">
Hawaii Tokai International College

Hawaii Tokai International College (HTIC) was established in Honolulu on May 22, 1992 as an American two-year liberal arts college. It is the most recent school in the Moili‘ili community adjacent to Waikiki. The only American campus of the Tokai University Educational System (TES) of Japan, HTIC reflects the combined educational philosophies of Tokai founder Matsumae, and former University of Hawaii Chancellor Richard Kosaki. 
Liberal Arts Program.
HTIC offers an Associate in Arts (A.A.) degree program with a major in Liberal arts. The Liberal Arts Program introduces students to various fields of knowledge, including the arts and humanities, languages, social sciences, natural sciences, and mathematics, and places a strong emphasis on learning and communication skills. The intent of the Liberal Arts Program is to foster in students a broad intellectual understanding of the individual and society, the natural environment, issues in the arts and humanities, and self-awareness. Those who have been accepted to the Liberal Arts Program are classified Liberal Arts students.
College Preparatory Program.
The goal of the College Preparatory Program is to acclimate international students to American college study for students intending to pursue a higher education in the English language.
International Programs.
Students enrolled in International Programs at HTIC engage in intensive study of English while pursuing research in fields such as anthropology, history, medicine, and marine science.
Famous alumni.
Kenji Sakaguchi, a Japanese actor and son of pro wrestler Seiji Sakaguchi, starring in various T.V. dramas, attended Hawaii Tokai International College.

</doc>
<doc id="9853860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853860" title="Stegnaster wesseli">
Stegnaster wesseli

Stegnaster wesseli is a sea star of the family Echinasteridae, found around the Bahamas and in the Caribbean, from Florida to the Yucatan including the Gulf of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9853862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853862" title="Sound of Colors">
Sound of Colors

Sound of Colors () is a Chinese and Taiwanese romance television series, based on a book of the same name by famous Taiwanese illustrator Jimmy Liao. It first broadcast on June 10, 2006 in Taiwan, followed by subsequent broadcasts in other Asian countries. A film version starring Tony Leung and Miriam Yeung was made in 2003, but the TV drama and the film have completely different storylines. While the television series is adapted from Liao's illustrations, the content of the TV version of "Sound of Colors" varies, as the plot is thicker. 
Plot summary.
A flourishing metropolis, the crowd bustling about, each one conjecturing a beautiful wish to wait for his or her fate. A beautiful story can take place anywhere, perhaps it's in the mall, perhaps it's in the cafe, or perhaps, it's in the subway...
First meet.
A beautiful blind DJ with a beautiful heart, Jingjing is taking the subway to the radio station and Yun Xiang, who is having problems at work, also happens to take this train home. The both of them have been in the same train several times, it's as if they have been played by destiny, never met each other. But on this day, the cold-blooded Yun Xiang actually witness someone snatching Jingjing's handbag, while supporting Jingjing, who had fallen, he becomes attracted by this refreshing blind girl unbound by conventions. He runs after the thief and gets Jingjing's handbag back to her, and also gives his hand-painted umbrella to Jingjing to be a temporary substitute for the blind stick, which had landed on the subway rails. Jingjing is very grateful, agreeing to meet again. Meet again, the hibernating seed watered by the spring dew, will cultivate into a bright, fresh flower. Will they meet again? It is unknown to Jingjing, it's also unknown to Yun Xiang, after all life is full of unknowns.
Past memories.
When Jingjing was little, she loss her parents and eyesight due to traffic accident. Since childhood she faces all aspects of life optimistically. But this kind girl also has to encounter injustice. In fact Jingjing had a chance to restore her sight, because Yun Xiang's mother intended to donate her corneas to Jingjing before she died. But young Yun Xiang would not let anyone to touch his mother, and threatens to bang his head on the wall if they do. Jingjing couldn't let that happen, and gave up on this matter in the end. Since Yun Xiang was younger, he was under the mistaken notion that his father Lu Mingkai had an affair with his assistant Wang You and indirectly caused his mother's death, he hated his father, gave up the good life and grew up in an orphanage.
Reunion.
The appearance of well-known DJ Tan Li Na. In order to accommodate Tan Li Na, Jingjing's program was moved to 10 o'clock at night. One cannot imagine how this decision will create difficulties to a blind person's way of life, but she accepts it. There was even more inconvenience for Jingjing when she arrived at the radio station. Her advertisement executive older sister Mingming is very worried about her, not consenting on Jingjing going to work alone. However, she is busy with work and cannot do several things at once. Jingjing's boss Cheng Gao volunteers to take Jingjing to and from the radio station. But the ever so strong Jingjing persists that she wants to take care of herself. Mingming cannot stop her, and actually saw through that Cheng Gao likes Jingjing. Mingming vigorously works at getting them together, but it's impossible for Jingjing to have any feelings for her caring and talented boss because she wants to wait for the guy who let her borrowed his umbrella.
Yun Xiang's life appears to be more chaotic. At work he clashes with his boss because of differences in opinions and in life he is at a loss on how to face his father. His friends from the orphanage Xiao Chen and Xin Hua provide him with much encouragement and love. However, Yun Xiang is a person whose innermost feelings are sealed up, so no matter how hard his friends try, they cannot open him up. Fortunately, Yun Xiang is moved by Jingjing's evening program, allowing his chaotic moods to finally calm down. After all the twists and turns, Jingjing finally gets an opportunity to personally return the umbrella to Yun Xiang. At their second meeting, the feelings between them is more intense and the seed of love is rapidly growing.
Obstacle to love.
When Yun Xiang takes Jingjing home, he meets a very familiar looking Mingming, unable to restrain himself in recalling past events. Not too long after, he discoveres that the girl who gave up the chance to see again because of him is Jingjing. Yun Xiang regrets his past stubbornness. After taking this painful experience to heart, he calls the hotline number as "Xiao Lu" and under chance circumstances tells Jingjing of his regrets, and makes a sincere apology. Jingjing is greatly touched by this one phone call of apology. Jingjing's program is on fire, because everybody is searching for "Xiao Lu." Jingjing's heart is similarly on fire, because "Xiao Lu" only wants to be by Jingjing's side. Yun Xiang bravely tells Jingjing he loves her. Jingjing is moved by it and she tacitly consented. However, just when their relationship takes off, they are put to tough tests: Mingming objects to Jingjing being with Yun Xiang; because of jealousy towards Jingjing, Tan Li Na always launching attacks, and pretends to be "Xiao Lu" to hurt Jingjing; Xiao Chen, who loves Yun Xiang, wants to break them up; Mingkai is worried about his son's happiness, doing bad things but with good intentions, but this not only increase the misunderstanding between father and son, it also puts tremendous pressure on Jingjing. All these factors sadden Jingjing and she wants to leave Yun Xiang. However, the obstinate Yun Xiang is unwilling to give up. Yun Xiang works very hard to save his relationship.
Differences with the movie.
Though both of movie and TV series based on same book, there are many difference between them

</doc>
<doc id="9853889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853889" title="Louis Scott (soldier)">
Louis Scott (soldier)

Lieutenant-Colonel Louis Scott OBE, DCM, ED (1887-1967), served in the First and Second World Wars, and led a resurgence of the Legion of Frontiersmen in Canada between the wars.
Originally from Brighton, England, Scott enlisted with Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry of the Canadian Expeditionary Force as a Private in August 1914. There, he served as a Regimental Sergeant Major from May 1915 to December 1915 before becoming an instructor for the Royal Air Force. He recruited 'C' Company, First Battalion of the Edmonton Regiment, which he commanded until 1927.
Scott was approached to assume command of the Canadian Legion of Frontiersmen (LoF), a patriotic paramilitary organization that had become inactive after the war. He accepted, and under Scott's decade-long leadership beginning in 1929, the Legion of Frontiersmen was revived in Canada and enjoyed a renaissance in Canada. In 1933, the LoF's Imperial Headquarters in London granted Divisional Status to the LoF under Scott. A constitution was drawn up, units were established across the country, and Scott arranged for the purchase of of land near Edmonton, Alberta to serve as field headquarters, subsequently christened "Fort Scott." In 1936, the Legion of Frontiersmen affiliated with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and were called upon to provide security during the 1939 cross-country visit of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. That same year the RCMP severed official ties with the Legion of Frontiersmen after a schism split the Canadian Division. Frontiersmen again mobilized their members for the Second World War, although without official recognition as an organization. Scott served with the 49th Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="9853897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853897" title="VTV (TV station)">
VTV (TV station)

VTV is an Australian television station broadcasting in regional Victoria in Australia. The network was owned by ENT Ltd., before being purchased by the WIN Corporation.
Network history.
"Vic Television" began as a network of several stations serving northern and western Victoria:
Vic Television was owned and operated by Ent Ltd., a company which already owned TVT-6 Hobart as well as GMV-6 and BTV-6. Shortly after they purchased STV-8 in 1990, the three Victorian stations took on the on-air identity of "VicTV", providing a single programming service across all three stations with separate regional news services for each area.
On 1 January 1992, aggregation of regional television took place in Victoria. Vic Television extended their transmission area to incorporate the Bendigo, Albury and Gippsland area markets. Vic Television had entered into a program supply agreement with the Nine Network but continued to maintain news services in each of the six regional markets in which it now operated. The official callsigns of GMV and BTV were consolidated into a single callsign of VTV. STV-8 kept its own callsign as it was excluded from the area affected by aggregation.
In October 1994, ENT Ltd. sold Vic Television to the WIN Corporation which already operated WIN Television stations in New South Wales, Canberra and Queensland. The stations are now part of the WIN Television network.
BTV-6 Ballarat & Western Victoria.
BTV-6 opened at 7pm on Friday 27 April 1962 with the documentary ""This is BTV Channel 6"". The station produced a wide range of local and part-networked TV programming through its history, most notably the chat show "Six Tonight", which aired from 1971 to 1983, eventually also being carried on the Six (BTV6 and GMV6 Shepparton) and Eight (now Southern Cross) Networks across much of Victoria, as well as parts of South Australia and New South Wales.
BTV placed a strong emphasis on local news, with the first news bulletin read by Arthur Scuffins on 27 April 1962. The nightly news program, "Six News", was extended to 30 minutes in 1980 in response to the ABC dropping their regional news service in the late 1970s. The bulletin was rebranded as "News Centre Six" in the mid-1980s.
On-air talent included Arthur Scuffins, Eric Gracie, Val Sarah, Craig Campbell, Peter Gamble, Gary Rice, John Garland, Glenn Ridge, Rob Gaylard, Glenn Driscoll and Fred Fargher.
GMV-6 Shepparton & Goulburn Valley.
GMV-6, one of the first regional television stations in Australia, began transmission from Shepparton on 23 December 1961 (the same launch date as BCV-8 Bendigo), broadcasting from a transmitter at Mount Major. Originally, the station was owned in conjunction with local radio station 3SR.
The callsign of GMV referred to its coverage area which included the Goulburn River and Murray River catchment areas. The 'V' refers to Victoria as is the normal protocol for commercial TV station callsigns, where the third letter indicates the state in which the service is licensed.
By the late 1960s, various low powered relay transmitters began operation in the fringes of the GMV region including GMV-3 Eildon, GMV-8 Jerilderie NSW, GMV-10 Deniliquin NSW and GMV-10 Alexandra (later changed to GMV-11).
GMV-6 converted to full scale colour TV transmission on 1 March 1975. By the mid-1980s, transmission hours had extended to commence at 7.00am weekdays, broadcasting until around midnight. Programming included regional news and children's programmes, mixed with programs selected from the three commercial networks in Melbourne; HSV-7 (Seven), GTV-9 (Nine) and ATV-10 (Ten). The evening local news bulletin was supplemented by a relay of the nightly "Seven National News" from HSV-7 until 1987, and then "National Nine News" from GTV-9
WIN News.
"WIN News" produces regional news bulletins for each of the six area markets covered by VTV. Reporters and camera crews are based within each of the six regions from newsrooms in Ballarat, Bendigo, Shepparton, Traralgon, Mildura and Albury. Studio presentation for the Bendigo, Gippsland, Shepparton, Mildura and Albury bulletins is pre-recorded from VTV's Ballarat studios with the Ballarat bulletin broadcast live.
All six "WIN News" bulletins are presented by Bruce Roberts with sports presenter Wes Cusworth and weather presenter Jane Bunn.
Reporters.
Albury
Ballarat
Bendigo
Gippsland
Mildura
Shepparton
The chief of staff for all WIN News services in Victoria is Jeff Sly.
Main Transmitters.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9853903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853903" title="Structural element">
Structural element

Structural elements are used in structural analysis to split a complex structure into simple . Within a structure, an element cannot be broken down (decomposed) into parts of different kinds (e.g., beam or column).
Structural elements can be linear, surfaces or volumes.
Linear elements:
Surface elements:
Volumes:

</doc>
<doc id="9853933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853933" title="Mark Tandy (Australian rules footballer)">
Mark Tandy (Australian rules footballer)

Mark "Napper" Tandy (3 September 1892 – 17 March 1965) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League in the early 20th century.
A supremely accomplished rover/wingman who, along with Roy Cazaly, tore the heart out of the opposition. His quiet and easy-going nature led to Cazaly nicknaming him "napper" - as though he had gone to sleep on the field. Playing as a wingman early in his career, he brought South Melbourne their second premiership in the 1918 Grand Final. With South trailing by a point, Tandy made an inspired run down the wing to deliver the ball into the forward lines where Laird kicked the winning goal.
In 1996 Tandy was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9853935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853935" title="Vadim Gutzeit">
Vadim Gutzeit

Vadim Gutzeit (also Vadym Guttsayt or Vadym Markovich Hutsayt; ; born 6 October 1971 in Kiev) is an Ukrainian Olympic sabre fencer.
Fencing career.
World championships.
Gutzeit finished 3rd in the individual sabre competition at the 1991 World Championships, and helped the Unified team finish 2nd. He finished in 11th place at the 1999 World Championships.
Olympics.
Gutzeit has participated in three Olympiads.
In 1992, he competed for the Unified Team (former Soviet Union) at the Barcelona Games and won a gold medal in the team sabre competition. 
At the 1996 Atlanta Games, Gutzeit finished 6th in the individual sabre competition for Ukraine.
Entering the 2000 Olympics, Gutzeit was the No. 15 ranked sabre fencer in the world. 
Gutzeit fenced for Ukraine at the 2000 Sydney Games. He entered the individual sabre competition as the No. 13 seed, and was eliminated from the competition after losing in the 3rd round to Domonkos Ferjancsik of Hungary, 10–15. In the team competition, Ukraine lost to France in the quarterfinals (31–45), but then defeated Italy (45–29) in the consolation semifinals before losing to Hungary (43–45) to finish 6th overall.
Maccabiah Games.
At the 2001 Maccabiah Games, Gutzeit, who is Jewish, won the silver medal in the individual sabre, losing the gold medal match to Olympian Sergey Sharikov of Russia.
He won the gold medal at the 2005 Maccabiah Games, over Sergey Sharikov of Russia, as the Ukrainian team also won the team sabre gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9853968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853968" title="HMS K2">
HMS K2

HMS "K2" was the second of the K class submarines and was built at HM Dockyard, Portsmouth, England. She was laid down on 13 November 1915 and was commissioned in May 1917 one year before the end of World War I.
"K2" had an unsuccessful start. In January 1917, she was damaged by an explosion and fire during her first diving trials.
On 11 January 1924, "K2" collided with as they departed from Portland Harbour. "K2" smashed a hole in the forward casing of "K12" and buckled her bows for about . This collision yet again showed the perils of exercising with heavy units.
On 7 November 1924, "K2" collided with during exercises.
"K2" was sold on 13 July 1926 at Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="9853970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853970" title="Henriette, Countess of Montbéliard">
Henriette, Countess of Montbéliard

Henriette (1387 – 14 February 1444) was the daughter of Henry of Orbe (died 1396), and the heiress of her grandfather, Stephen, Count of Montbéliard. Her great-grandfather was Henry I of Montbéliard. She married Eberhard IV, Count of Württemberg and governed the city of Montbéliard together with her husband.
It was because of this marriage that Montbéliard became a part of Württemberg. At his death in 1419, she took over the regency for her son Ulrich. In 1420 her daughter Anna (1408–1471, Countess of Katzenelnbogen), married Count Philipp of Katzenelnbogen in Stuttgart, one of the most magnificent medieval weddings, with a dowry of .

</doc>
<doc id="9853976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9853976" title="Neckwear">
Neckwear

Neckwear refers to various styles of clothing worn around the (human) neck. They are worn for fashion, combat, or protection against the influences of weather. Common neckwear today include bow ties, neckties (cravat), scarves, feather boas and shawls. Historically, ruffs and bands were worn.

</doc>
<doc id="9854002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854002" title="Mark-compact algorithm">
Mark-compact algorithm

In computer science, a mark-compact algorithm is a type of garbage collection algorithm used to reclaim unreachable memory. Mark-compact algorithms can be regarded as a combination of the mark-sweep algorithm and Cheney's copying algorithm. First, reachable objects are marked, then a compacting step relocates the reachable (marked) objects towards the beginning of the heap area. Compacting garbage collection is used by Microsoft's Common Language Runtime and by the Glasgow Haskell Compiler.
Algorithms.
After marking the live objects in the heap in the same fashion as the mark-sweep algorithm, the heap will often be fragmented. The goal of mark-compact algorithms is to shift the live objects in memory together so the fragmentation is eliminated. The challenge is to correctly update all pointers to the moved objects, most of which will have new memory addresses after the compaction. The issue of handling pointer updates is handled in different ways.
Table-based compaction.
A table-based algorithm was first described by Haddon and Waite in 1967. It preserves the relative placement of the live objects in the heap, and requires only a constant amount of overhead. 
Compaction proceeds from the bottom of the heap (low addresses) to the top (high addresses). As live (that is, marked) objects are encountered, they are moved to the first available low address, and a record is appended to a break table of relocation information. For each live object, a record in the break table consists of the object's original address before the compaction and the difference between the original address and the new address after compaction. The break table is stored in the heap that is being compacted, but in an area that are marked as unused. To ensure that compaction will always succeed, the minimum object size in the heap must be larger than or the same size as a break table record.
As compaction progresses, relocated objects are copied towards the bottom of the heap. Eventually an object will need to be copied to the space occupied by the break table, which now must be relocated elsewhere. These movements of the break table, (called "rolling the table" by the authors) cause the relocation records to become disordered, requiring the break table to be sorted after the compaction is complete. The cost of sorting the break table is "O"("n" log "n"), where "n" is the number of live objects that were found in the mark stage of the algorithm.
Finally, the break table relocation records are used to adjust pointer fields inside the relocated objects. The live objects are examined for pointers, which can be looked up in the sorted break table of size "n" in O(log "n") time if the break table is sorted, for a total running time of "O"("n" log "n"). Pointers are then adjusted by the amount specified in the relocation table.
LISP2 Algorithm.
In order to avoid "O"("n" log "n") complexity, the LISP2 algorithm uses 3 different passes over the heap. In addition, heap objects must have a separate forwarding pointer slot that is not used outside of garbage collection.
After standard marking, the algorithm proceeds in the following 3 passes:
This algorithm is "O"("n") on the size of the heap; it has a better complexity than the table-based approach, but the table-based approach's "n" is the size of the used space only, not the entire heap space as in the LISP2 algorithm. However, the LISP2 algorithm is simpler to implement.

</doc>
<doc id="9854009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854009" title="Boris Schapiro">
Boris Schapiro

Boris Schapiro (22 August 1909 – 1 December 2002) was a British international bridge player. He was a Grandmaster of the World Bridge Federation, and the only player to have won both the Bermuda Bowl (the world championship for national teams) and the World Senior Pairs championship. He won the European teams championship on four occasions as part of the British team.
Life.
Schapiro was born in Riga, Latvia (then part of the Russian Empire) into a prosperous family of Jewish traders. They emigrated at the time of the Russian Revolution, when he was eight years old, and soon settled in England. He was educated at Clifton College and Bradford Technical College in England and at various universities, including the Sorbonne in Paris.
After graduating, Schapiro joined the family horse trading and meat business and worked there until his forties, when he retired to capitalise on his love of gambling by becoming the banker of a baccarat syndicate at Crockford's gaming club in London. He was fluent in Russian, German and French, and used those linguistic skills in the Army Intelligence Corps during World War II.
Schapiro had an early marriage to a Russian woman. He later married a second time, to Helen, in 1970.
Bridge career.
At age ten in England, Schapiro started playing bridge for money at school. His first major tournament was in 1929, when he went to the USA to partner Oswald Jacoby in the World Auction Bridge Pairs Championship. The two players were destined to have great and lengthy careers in the coming world of contract bridge, where Schapiro's first recorded victory was in the World Pairs Championship of 1932, also with Jacoby. (This was before the foundation of the World Bridge Federation, 1957, which has sanctioned all "World" tournaments for many years.)
Schapiro's entry into serious competitive bridge in Britain was delayed until the end of the war. His partnership with Terence Reese, which started in 1944, was the basis of his most outstanding period as a player. He was also successful with other partners, the last of which was Irving "Haggis" Gordon. Schapiro's bidding in competitive situations was quite outstanding, and his commentary was featured bridge magazine bidding competitions round the world. Bidding judgement and card-play in defence were the strengths of his game, relative to other experts.
Major tournament successes.
Schapiro won many tournaments. His first major win at was Britain's Gold Cup in 1945/46, partnered by Iain Macleod. He won the Gold Cup eleven times in all, a record, and his last win came at the age of 88 in 1997/98, a remarkable 52 years after his first and 33 years after his penultimate success.
Britain won the world championship for teams in 1955 with Reese and Schapiro, Konstam and Dodds, Meredith and Pavlides, beating the USA in the final. It is the only Bermuda Bowl win for a British team.
Schapiro also won the World Mixed Teams in 1962. At the age of 89 in 1998, he won the World Senior Pairs partnered by Irving Gordon. He was second in the inaugural renditions of both quadrennial open world championship tournaments under the WBF, the World Team Olympiad of 1960 and the World Open Pairs of 1962. He also represented Britain in the 1964 Olympiad and the Bermuda Bowl of the same year, which was played early in 1965, and in ten European Bridge League national teams championships, winning in 1948, 1949, 1954 and 1963.
Although the British team had won the Bermuda Bowl in 1955, Schapiro's 1965 experience was altogether different.
Buenos Aires affair.
Schapiro was accused of cheating in the 1965 Bermuda Bowl tournament, contested in Buenos Aires. Allegedly he and Reese were signaling to each other on each the lengths of their heart suits (the numbers of cards in hearts each held among his 13 cards).
American partners Dorothy Hayden and B. Jay Becker sensed that the British pair were holding their cards with their fingers arranged in unusual ways. They conferred with Alan Truscott, the "The New York Times" bridge editor, and all three agreed they would observe Reese–Schapiro and record how many fingers were visible as each held his cards on each deal. 
Comparing their notes with the official seemed to show that the numbers of fingers indicated the numbers of cards in the heart suit. One finger visible meant one heart card. Two fingers together meant two hearts, while two fingers spread in a "V" shape meant five; three fingers similarly denoted three or six hearts and four fingers, four or seven. No signal for a heart void was apparent.
Several other eyewitnesses including British team captain Ralph Swimer became convinced of the truth of the accusations. Later comparisons with hand records seemed to confirm that the code remained consistent when Reese and Schapiro were partners, but disappeared when they played with other partners. The matter was then reported to World Bridge Federation (WBF) officials for adjudication.
In hearings held immediately, the WBF decided that Reese and Schapiro were guilty, banned them from the remainder of the Bermuda Bowl, and negotiated an agreement with Captain Swimer officially to forfeit all matches previously won during the tournament. The WBF then referred the matter to the British Bridge League (BBL) for further action, if any.
At that time Schapiro averred he would never again compete internationally, but he later played in European and world senior events.
The BBL convened its own enquiry into the matter under the direction of Sir John Foster QC and General Lord Bourne. After many months taking testimony from eyewitnesses, bridge analysts, and character witnesses, the so-called Foster Enquiry concluded that Reese and Schapiro had not been proved guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and therefore acquitted them. Several factors must have played a part in this decision, especially the fact that little or no connection could be made between the claimed signals and the results at the table. Reese and Schapiro had not played especially well in Buenos Aires; Reese commented later that no pair were likely to cheat in a way that did not help them win. A simple system to signal whether a player's cards were good or poor for his bid would be almost certain to yield rich dividends.
In "The Story of an Accusation" (1966), Reese went through every single hand presented by the 'prosecution'. He argued both that the bidding was clear by the principles of the Acol bidding system they were using and that they might have used information about the heart suit in several ways, had it been available. Truscott also wrote his account, concentrating on the eyewitness observations and reaching the opposite general conclusion. Neither side changed its opinions and a considerable rift developed in the bridge world.
After 1965.
Schapiro was bridge correspondent of "The Sunday Times" from 1968 until his death in 2002. Despite his facility with language, he was never really interested in writing; his output was two small books, and it is likely that his newspaper column was often ghosted. He made his mark as a player and a personality.
The Buenos Aires affair removed at a stroke the central activity of his life. It took years for Schapiro to be rehabilitated in world bridge, although he was always held in high esteem in Europe. He did eventually return to international bridge competition, unlike Reese, and did so with considerable success (above).
Schapiro's 90th birthday party in London was attended by Jaime Ortiz-Patino, the WBF President Emeritus and the owner of Valderrama Golf Club, who had been a witness for Reese and Schapiro in the BBL enquiry; Omar Sharif, the Egyptian film star and bridge player; Prince Khalid Abudullah of Saudi Arabia, a family friend; and many personalities from the bridge and casino worlds.
Anecdotes.
Schapiro's conversation at the bridge table was either a delight or a nuisance, depending on taste and point of view.
His standard greeting to females – "What about a spot of adultery?" (or "Fancy a spot of adultery?") – is mentioned in every biographical note and obituary, and reveals his sense of humour. When his team played an exhibition match at Leicester, the wife of the Chief Constable organised a cocktail party for them to meet the locals. The traveling players were invited to sign and comment in the "Visitors" book, and Schapiro wrote the catchphrase after his signature. Dimmie Fleming – another international player and the only woman to play on the British open team – defused the situation by signing next, drawing an upwards arrow and writing, "But will he ever be adult?"
Another story shows his partner Terence Reese picking up a collection of silver cup trophies from Schapiro's flat in Eaton Place (the "Upstairs, Downstairs" setting) and carrying them in a pillow-case. Stopped in the street by a policeman and asked to explain his unusual sack of possessions, Reese led the officer back to the flat so that Schapiro could validate his explanation. When Schapiro answered the door, he sized up the situation, and when asked "Can you identify this man?", said "Never seen him before in my life."

</doc>
<doc id="9854020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854020" title="Under a Texas Moon (film)">
Under a Texas Moon (film)

Under A Texas Moon is a 1930 musical western film photographed entirely in Technicolor. It was based on the novel "Two-Gun Man" (from 1929) which was written by Stewart Edward White. It was the second all-color all-talking feature to be filmed entirely outdoors as well as being the second western in color. The film features one theme song by the title of "Under A Texas Moon."
Synopsis.
Frank Fay, as a Mexican named Don Carlos, rides into a small Texas border settlement on the Fourth of July in the early 1880s. He is accompanied by his two inseparable companions, played by Georgie Stone and George Cooper. The day is being celebrated in the style of a Spanish fiesta. Fay challenges a rough Texan, played by Noah Beery, to a duel, only to find himself invited to undertake the dangerous task of capturing a cattle rustler who has been stealing cattle from the Lazy Y Ranch. He accepts the task on the promise of receiving seven thousand dollars in gold if he can return both the thief and the stolen cattle within ten days. During the next nine days, Fay spends his time making love to every pretty girl he meets, serenading many of theme by singing the theme song to the film while playing his guitar, while his two companions join in the harmonizing. He lies to them all, telling each girl exactly what she wishes to hear. Throughout all this time he does nothing towards earning his reward. On the tenth day, he captures the cattle rustler and turns up the cattle to everyone's surprise by using a simple method that no one had thought of. He rides back to Mexico with his latest conquest in his arms.
Preservation.
The film survives as a single nitrate Technicolor print, copied by the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
Response.
New York Latinos led by Gonzalo González protested the film, characterizing it as "anti-Mexican" mainly because Frank Fay portrayed Mexicans as being liars and womanizers. Police brutalized the picketers, killing González. The murder sparked a Pan-Latino protest, in which the Latino civil rights activist Luisa Moreno participated. She later told Bert Corona that the experience "motivated her to work on behalf of unifying the Spanish-speaking communities."

</doc>
<doc id="9854041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854041" title="Joe Morrone, Jr.">
Joe Morrone, Jr.

Joseph "Joe" Morrone, Jr. is a former U.S. soccer midfielder. He was the 1980 Hermann Trophy as the top collegiate player of the year and the 1981 North American Soccer League Rookie of the Year.
Morrone, son of legendary UConn soccer coach, Joe Morrone, Sr., attended the University of Connecticut from 1977 to 1980 where he starred on his father's team. In 1980, he capped his four years at the school with first team All American honors and the Hermann Trophy as the best college players that year. He finished his career at UConn with 158 points on 61 goals and 36 assists, career records which stand today.
In 1980, Morrone joined the U.S. Olympic team as it began qualification for the 1980 Summer Olympics. Morrone scored two major goals for the U.S. team, the winning goal in a 2-1 victory over Suriname and another winning goal in a 1-0 victory over Costa Rica. The U.S. finished tops in qualification, but did not get to play as President Carter boycotted the Soviet games after that nation invaded Afghanistan.
He was drafted by the Tulsa Roughnecks of the North American Soccer League. He garnered Rookie of the Year honors in 1981. He played the 1981 and 1982 seasons with Tulsa. In May 1982 the Roughnecks traded Morrone to the San Jose Earthquakes in exchange for Todd Saldana and two draft choices. Morrone played the 1982 NASL and the 1982-1983 Major Indoor Soccer League season with the Earthquakes. He then signed with the Pittsburgh Spirit of the MISL. He unexpectedly retired on March 5, 1984 stating he was burned out on soccer and wished to complete his business degree.
References.
Name correction - this individual is Joseph M. Morrone, not Joe Morrone, Jr (http://ctsoccerhalloffame.org/Page.asp?n=63297&snid=dKNAX5M6Z&org=ctsoccerhalloffame.org)
His father is Joseph J. Morrone, Jr (http://catalog2003.uconn.edu/fac3.pdf page 201)

</doc>
<doc id="9854054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854054" title="Barker railway station">
Barker railway station

Barker railway station was the only intermediate station on the Kew railway line in Melbourne, Australia. It was opened on 19 December 1887 and closed with the line on 13 May 1957. The station was located between Barkers Road and Hawthorn Grove and has since been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="9854076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854076" title="Allen Montgomery Lewis">
Allen Montgomery Lewis

Sir Allen Montgomery Lewis GCMG, GCVO, K.St.J (26 October 1909 – 18 February 1993) was a barrister and public servant from Saint Lucia who twice served as the country's Governor-General (1979–1980 and 1982–1987). He was one of the founders and the first president of the Saint Lucia Labour Party in 1950. Before his appointments to the viceregal post, Sir Allen sat on the legislative council (1943–1951) and was a senator in the West Indian Federal Parliament (1958–1959).
Sir Allen had a distinguished legal career alongside his political accomplishments; he was a judge on the Jamaican Court of Appeal (1962–1967) and the first Chief Justice of the West Indies Associated States Supreme Court (1967–1972). In 1975 he became Chancellor of the University of the West Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="9854090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854090" title="Fly by Night (Hardinge novel)">
Fly by Night (Hardinge novel)

Fly by Night is a children's fantasy novel by Frances Hardinge, published on 7 October 2005 by Macmillan Publishers in the UK and on April 25, 2006 by HarperCollins in the US, and aimed at teens. Fly by Night won the Branford Boase Award in 2006, and was listed in the School Library Journal's Best Books of 2006.
Factions.
Guilds- The Realm is held together by the Guilds, every tradesman from watch makers to playing card makers to millers belong to the guilds who keep the Realm running and the monarchy from reestablishing itself.
Stationers Guild-originally makers of stationery, after the Birdcatcher wars they were given power over all printed material. They control all printing presses and everything from handbills to news sheets to books must be approved by the Guild who affix their seal to it, anything without the Stationers seal is deemed illegal and destroyed.
Locksmiths Guild- once they only made locks and strongboxes but later moved into providing protection for people and even cities. 
A Locksmith will always wears gloves as the outline of a key is branded on his right palm.
The head of each cell wears chatelaine at his waist which match the brands of all the men that answer to him.
Watermens Guild- control all movement along the river
Birdcatchers- a radical religious movement that came to power after the fall of the monarchy.
They plunged the Realm into a ten-year war against those They considered heretical which cost the lives of tens of thousands.
They were believed to be killed, but actually they went into hiding, and eventually started a plot against the Realm.

</doc>
<doc id="9854109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854109" title="Ben Starr">
Ben Starr

Ben Starr is an Australian and American radio host, best known for hosting The Ballroom Glitz on America's Music of Your Life Radio Network. Radio Australasia [http://www.radioaustralasia.com
Ben grew up in Sydney, and trained as a competitive ballroom dancer from the early age of 5. At 13, he started his radio career for Community Radio Station 2RDJ-FM [http://www.radio2rdj.com] in Burwood in Sydney.
For the past 19 years Ben has worked for some of Australia's premier radio networks in the area of Announcing, Producing, Research and Promotions.
He is now heard by more than a million listeners on his Saturday nights show 5 pm – 7 pm ET .

</doc>
<doc id="9854117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854117" title="Marie, Duchess of Auvergne">
Marie, Duchess of Auvergne

Marie of Berry, "suo jure" Duchess of Auvergne, Countess of Montpensier (c. 1375 – June 1434) was the daughter of John, Duke of Berry, and Joanna of Armagnac. She was married three times. She acted as administrator for her third husband John I, Duke of Bourbon, during his imprisonment in England after he was captured following the French defeat at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415.
Life, family and inheritance.
Marie was born about the year 1375, the youngest daughter of John "the Magnificent", Duke of Berry and Joanna of Armagnac. Through her father, a great collector of antiquities, art patron and bibliophile, she was a granddaughter of King John II of France. She had three brothers, Charles, Louis, and John; and one older sister, Bonne.
The first of Marie's three marriages took place on 29 May 1386 in the Cathedral of Saint-Etienne at Bourges: aged about 11, Marie married Louis III de Châtillon as her first husband. Marie's father gave her a dowry of 70,000 francs; he gave Louis, his son-in-law, the county of Dunois. The marriage and trousseau had been arranged by the two fathers in 1384: "A Duke will dress her, in bed and out of it, and a Count will put the jewels on her", John Duke of Berry and Guy Count de Blois-Châtillon agreed. The festivities at the wedding "de ces jeunes enfants" ("of these young children") are described in Jean Froissart's "Chronicles".
There were no children of this marriage, and Louis died on 15 July 1391. On 27 January 1393 Marie contracted to marry Philip of Artois, Count of Eu and they were married next month at the Palais du Louvre in Paris: King Charles VI of France himself paid for the festivities, while her father gave a dowry of 80,000 francs. Marie was now about 18; Philip was about 35, having been born in 1358. She was to bear him two sons and two daughters. The King appointed Philip Constable in 1392. Philippe went on Crusade and fought alongside his friend Jean Le Maingre ("Boucicaut"), marshal of France at the disastrous Battle of Nicopolis on 25 September 1396. Both were captured, and Philippe died some months later in captivity at Micalizo, now called Mihalıççık, in western Turkey.
On Philippe's death "inter Sarracenos" ("among the Saracens") his body was brought back to Eu, his home town, and Marie gave an endowment of £100 annually to the Collegial Church of Notre-Dame-et-Saint-Laurent for a mass to be celebrated there on 17 June each year in his memory. Their eldest son, Philippe, died on 23 December in the same year and is buried there. Jointly with her widowed sister-in-law, Jeanne of Thouars, Marie was appointed guardian of the three surviving children of her marriage with Philippe: Charles, Bonne and Catherine. Aged about three, Charles succeeded his father as Count of Eu. His revenues were held for him until he came of age by three trustees, Marie herself, her father, and her uncle Philip the Bold, Duke of Burgundy.
Marie married her third husband John of Bourbon at the "King's Palace" (the Palais de la Cité) in Paris on 21 June 1401. The contract had been signed at Paris on 27 May 1400 after complex negotiations. She bore him three children. He was appointed Grand Chamberlain of France on 18 March 1408 and succeeded his father as Duke of Bourbon on 19 August 1410. Marie's father had persuaded King Charles VI not to fight at the battle of Agincourt on 25 October 1415, but Marie's husband fought there, was captured, and spent the rest of his life in English captivity.
Marie is believed to be depicted in one or possibly two full-page miniatures in the "Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry", a lavishly-illustrated manuscript made for him in the years after his sons' deaths. In the illustration for the month of April the young noblemen and women in the foreground are grouped around a couple agreeing to be married. According to Patricia Stirnemann, following Saint-Jean Boudin, the scene, although not painted until about 1410, depicts the engagement of Marie with John of Bourbon in 1401. Raymond Cazelles disputes this, arguing that the couple are Marie's niece Bonne of Armagnac and Charles, Duke of Orléans, who were to marry in 1411. A May Day celebration among nobles is seen in the foreground of the illustration for the month of May. Details appear to confirm that the house of Bourbon is prominent. Both Cazelles and Stirnemann consider that the woman seen in the foreground, riding on a white horse and wearing a large white headdress, is Marie on the occasion of her marriage on 21 June 1401. These authorities do not agree which of the accompanying men is to be identified with John of Bourbon. The buildings in the background have been variously identified, but G. Papertiant suggests that they are the Châtelet, Conciergerie and Tour de l'Horloge in Paris, and at the centre the Palais de la Cité where Marie's wedding took place.
A surviving manuscript was made for Marie's own use and was presented to her in 1406. This was a short collection of Christian devotional works, beginning with Bonaventure's "Stimulus amoris" in French translation. It includes a miniature of Marie and her daughter Bonne (aged about ten at this time) kneeling in prayer before the Virgin Mary. The manuscript is now in the Bibliothèque nationale de France.
All three of Marie's brothers were dead before 1400, which explains the complexity of the negotiations for her third marriage: she and her elder sister Bonne were to be heirs to John of Berry's titles, and this required Royal assent. John of Berry died on 15 June 1416 (by which time Marie's husband was already a prisoner in England). Marie was accordingly appointed Duchess of Auvergne and Countess of Montpensier on 26 April 1418; these titles were confirmed in 1425. On 17 January 1421 her husband appointed her administrator of his estates as well. He died a prisoner in London in January 1434. Marie died in Lyon on an unknown date in June of the same year. She was buried at Souvigny Priory.

</doc>
<doc id="9854122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854122" title="Haroon Ismail">
Haroon Ismail

Haroon Ismail (born February 27, 1955 in Salisbury, now Harare) is a former tennis professional from Rhodesia and Zimbabwe.
Ismail reached his highest ATP singles ranking on February 22, 1982, when he became World Number 95. He became runner-up in the 1980 Dutch Open tennis tournament.
In 1981, Ismail won two rounds at the French Open, beating Francisco Gonzalez and Eric Deblicker, before losing to 14th-seed Wojtek Fibak.
Ismail played college tennis at Southern Methodist University.

</doc>
<doc id="9854132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9854132" title="HMS K4">
HMS K4

HMS "K4" was a British K class submarine built by Vickers in Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down on 28 June 1915 and commissioned on 1 January 1917, one year before the end of World War I.
Accident 17 November 1917.
On 17 November 1917, "K4" collided with sister ship during an accident off the Danish coast. The light cruiser operating with "K1" had to make a sharp turn to avoid three units from the 4th Cruiser Squadron. And in the confusion, "K4" collided with "K1". The crew of "K1" were rescued and "K1" sunk by the "Blonde".
Loss.
"K4" was lost on 31 January 1918 during the night time fleet exercises later known as the Battle of May Island (Operation E.C.1) when she was attached to the 13th Submarine Flotilla. While attempting to avoid a collision with , she became the victim of collisions with and . She was lost with all hands. The wreck is designated as a "protected place" under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.

</doc>
