<doc id="9732438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732438" title="Internal control">
Internal control

Internal control, as defined in accounting and auditing, is a process for assuring achievement of an organization's objectives in operational effectiveness and efficiency, reliable financial reporting, and compliance with laws, regulations and policies. A broad concept, internal control involves everything that controls risks to an organization.
It is a means by which an organization's resources are directed, monitored, and measured. It plays an important role in detecting and preventing fraud and protecting the organization's resources, both physical (e.g., machinery and property) and intangible (e.g., reputation or intellectual property such as trademarks).
At the organizational level, internal control objectives relate to the reliability of financial reporting, timely feedback on the achievement of operational or strategic goals, and compliance with laws and regulations. At the specific transaction level, internal control refers to the actions taken to achieve a specific objective (e.g., how to ensure the organization's payments to third parties are for valid services rendered.) Internal control procedures reduce process variation, leading to more predictable outcomes. Internal control is a key element of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) of 1977 and the Sarbanes–Oxley Act of 2002, which required improvements in internal control in United States public corporations. Internal controls within business entities are also referred to as operational controls.
Early history of internal control.
Internal controls have existed from ancient times. In Hellenistic Egypt there was a dual administration, with one set of bureaucrats charged with collecting taxes and another with supervising them. In the Republic of China, the Control "Yuan" (監察院; pinyin: Jiānchá Yùan), one of the five branches of government, is an investigatory agency that monitors the other branches of government.
Definitions.
There are many definitions of internal control, as it affects the various constituencies (stakeholders) of an organization in various ways and at different levels of aggregation.
Under the COSO Internal Control-Integrated Framework, a widely used framework in not only the United States but around the world, internal control is broadly defined as a process, effected by an entity's board of directors, management, and other personnel, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting, and compliance..
COSO defines internal control as having five components: 
The COSO definition relates to the aggregate control system of the organization, which is composed of many individual control procedures.
Discrete control procedures, or "controls" are defined by the SEC as: "...a specific set of policies, procedures, and activities designed to meet an objective. A control may exist within a designated function or activity in a process. A control’s impact...may be entity-wide or specific to an account balance, class of transactions or application. Controls have unique characteristics – for example, they can be: automated or manual; reconciliations; segregation of duties; review and approval authorizations; safeguarding and accountability of assets; preventing or detecting error or fraud. Controls within a process may consist of financial reporting controls and operational controls (that is, those designed to achieve operational objectives)."
Context.
More generally, setting objectives, budgets, plans and other expectations establish criteria for control. Control itself exists to keep performance or a state of affairs within what is expected, allowed or accepted. Control built within a process is internal in nature. It takes place with a combination of interrelated components – such as social environment effecting behavior of employees, information necessary in control, and policies and procedures. Internal control structure is a plan determining how internal control consists of these elements.
The concepts of corporate governance also heavily rely on the necessity of internal controls. Internal controls help ensure that processes operate as designed and that risk responses (risk treatments) in risk management are carried out (COSO II). In addition, there needs to be in place circumstances ensuring that the aforementioned procedures will be performed as intended: right attitudes, integrity and competence, and monitoring by managers.
Roles and responsibilities in internal control.
According to the COSO Framework, everyone in an organization has responsibility for internal control to some extent. Virtually all employees produce information used in the internal control system or take other actions needed to affect control. Also, all personnel should be responsible for communicating upward problems in operations, noncompliance with the code of conduct, or other policy violations or illegal actions. Each major entity in corporate governance has a particular role to play:
Management.
The Chief Executive Officer (the top manager) of the organization has overall responsibility for designing and implementing effective internal control. More than any other individual, the chief executive sets the "tone at the top" that affects integrity and ethics and other factors of a positive control environment. In a large company, the chief executive fulfills this duty by providing leadership and direction to senior managers and reviewing the way they're controlling the business. Senior managers, in turn, assign responsibility for establishment of more specific internal control policies and procedures to personnel responsible for the unit's functions. In a smaller entity, the influence of the chief executive, often an owner-manager, is usually more direct. In any event, in a cascading responsibility, a manager is effectively a chief executive of his or her sphere of responsibility. Of particular significance are financial officers and their staffs, whose control activities cut across, as well as up and down, the operating and other units of an enterprise.
Board of directors.
Management is accountable to the board of directors, which provides governance, guidance and oversight. Effective board members are objective, capable and inquisitive. They also have a knowledge of the entity's activities and environment, and commit the time necessary to fulfil their board responsibilities. Management may be in a position to override controls and ignore or stifle communications from subordinates, enabling a dishonest management which intentionally misrepresents results to cover its tracks. A strong, active board, particularly when coupled with effective upward communications channels and capable financial, legal and internal audit functions, is often best able to identify and correct such a problem.
Auditors.
The internal auditors and external auditors of the organization also measure the effectiveness of internal control through their efforts. They assess whether the controls are properly designed, implemented and working effectively, and make recommendations on how to improve internal control. They may also review Information technology controls, which relate to the IT systems of the organization. There are laws and regulations on internal control related to financial reporting in a number of jurisdictions. In the U.S. these regulations are specifically established by Sections 404 and 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Guidance on auditing these controls is specified in PCAOB "Auditing Standard No. 5" and SEC guidance, further discussed in SOX 404 top-down risk assessment. To provide reasonable assurance that internal controls involved in the financial reporting process are effective, they are tested by the external auditor (the organization's public accountants), who are required to opine on the internal controls of the company and the reliability of its financial reporting.
Audit committee.
The role and the responsibilities of the audit committee, in general terms, are to: (a) Discuss with management, internal and external auditors and major stakeholders the quality and adequacy of the organization’s internal controls system and risk management process, and their effectiveness and outcomes, and meet regularly and privately with the Director of Internal Audit; (b) Review and discuss with management and the external auditors and approve the audited financial statements of the organization and make a recommendation regarding inclusion of those financial statements in any public filing. Also review with management and the independent auditor the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives as well as off-balance sheet issues in the organization’s financial statements; (c) Review and discuss with management the types of information to be disclosed and the types of presentations to be made with respect to the Company's earning press release and financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies; (d) Confirm the scope of audits to be performed by the external and internal auditors, monitor progress and review results and review fees and expenses. Review significant findings or unsatisfactory internal audit reports, or audit problems or difficulties encountered by the external independent auditor. Monitor management's response to all audit findings; (e) Manage complaints concerning accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters; (f) Receive regular reports from the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the Company's other Control Committees regarding deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls and any fraud that involves management or other employees with a significant role in internal controls; and (g) Support management in resolving conflicts of interest. Monitor the adequacy of the organization’s internal controls and ensure that all fraud cases are acted upon.
Personnel benefits committee.
The role and the responsibilities of the personnel benefits, in general terms, are to: (a) Approve and oversee administration of the Company's Executive Compensation Program; (b) Review and approve specific compensation matters for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer (if applicable), Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Senior Human Resources Officer, Treasurer, Director, Corporate Relations and Management, and Company Directors; (c) Review, as appropriate, any changes to compensation matters for the officers listed above with the Board; and (d)Review and monitor all human-resource related performance and compliance activities and reports, including the performance management system. They also ensure that benefit-related performance measures are properly used by the management of the organization.
Operating staff.
All staff members should be responsible for reporting problems of operations, monitoring and improving their performance, and monitoring non-compliance with the corporate policies and various professional codes, or violations of policies, standards, practices and procedures. Their particular responsibilities should be documented in their individual personnel files. In performance management activities they take part in all compliance and performance data collection and processing activities as they are part of various organizational units and may also be responsible for various compliance and operational-related activities of the organization.
Staff and junior managers may be involved in evaluating the controls within their own organisational unit using a control self-assessment.
Limitations.
Internal control can provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of an organization will be met. The concept of reasonable assurance implies a high degree of assurance, constrained by the costs and benefits of establishing incremental control procedures.
Effective internal control implies the organization generates reliable financial reporting and substantially complies with the laws and regulations that apply to it. However, whether an organization achieves operational and strategic objectives may depend on factors outside the enterprise, such as competition or technological innovation. These factors are outside the scope of internal control; therefore, effective internal control provides only timely information or feedback on progress towards the achievement of operational and strategic objectives, but cannot guarantee their achievement.
Describing internal controls.
Internal controls may be described in terms of: a) the pertinent objective or financial statement assertion; and b) the nature of the control activity itself.
Objective or assertions categorization.
Controls may be defined against the particular financial statement assertion to which they relate. There are five such assertions:
For example, a validity control objective might be: "Payments are made only for authorized products and services received." A typical control procedure would be: "The payable system compares the purchase order, receiving record, and vendor invoice prior to authorizing payment." Management is responsible for implementing appropriate controls that apply to all transactions in their areas of responsibility.
Activity categorization.
Control activities may also be explained by the type or nature of activity. These include (but are not limited to):
Control precision.
Control precision describes the alignment or correlation between a particular control procedure and a given control objective or risk. A control with direct impact on the achievement of an objective (or mitigation of a risk) is said to be more precise than one with indirect impact on the objective or risk. Precision is distinct from sufficiency; that is, multiple controls with varying degrees of precision may be involved in achieving a control objective or mitigating a risk.
Precision is an important factor in performing a SOX 404 top-down risk assessment. After identifying specific financial reporting material misstatement risks, management and the external auditors are required to identify and test controls that mitigate the risks. This involves making judgments regarding both precision and sufficiency of controls required to mitigate the risks.
Risks and controls may be entity-level or assertion-level under the PCAOB guidance.
Entity-level controls are identified to address entity-level risks. However, a combination of entity-level and assertion-level controls are typically identified to address assertion-level risks. The PCAOB set forth a three-level hierarchy for considering the precision of entity-level controls. Later guidance by the PCAOB regarding small public firms provided several factors to consider in assessing precision.
Fraud and internal control.
Internal control plays an important role in the prevention and detection of fraud. Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, companies are required to perform a fraud risk assessment and assess related controls. This typically involves identifying scenarios in which theft or loss could occur and determining if existing control procedures effectively manage the risk to an acceptable level. The risk that senior management might override important financial controls to manipulate financial reporting is also a key area of focus in fraud risk assessment.
The AICPA, IIA, and ACFE also sponsored a guide published during 2008 that includes a framework for helping organizations manage their fraud risk.
Internal controls and process improvement.
Controls can be evaluated and improved to make a business operation run more effectively and efficiently. For example, automating controls that are manual in nature can save costs and improve transaction processing. If the internal control system is thought of by executives as only a means of preventing fraud and complying with laws and regulations, an important opportunity may be missed. Internal controls can also be used to systematically improve businesses, particularly in regard to effectiveness and efficiency.
Continuous controls monitoring.
Advances in technology and data analysis have led to the development of numerous tools which can automatically evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Used in conjunction with continuous auditing, continuous controls monitoring provides assurance on financial information flowing through the business processes.

</doc>
<doc id="9732449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732449" title="George Hadjinikos">
George Hadjinikos

George Hadjinikos (; born May 3, 1923, in Volos, Greece) is a Greek piano soloist, conductor, teacher, and author with an international career. He is placed by many amongst the most exceptional "philosophers of Music"), having been given kudos from some of the greatest musical personalities in 20th-century music such as Dimitris Mitropoulos, Edwin Fischer, Carl Orff, Jean Françaix, Heinrich Neuhaus, Sir John Barbirolli, Hans Heinz Stuckenschmidt and many others. Among his teachers were Edwin Fischer, Johann Nepomuk David, Carl Orff, Alice Pashkus, Eduard Erdmann, George Chavchavadze, in a quite exceptional way Heinrich Neuhaus, and others. Since 1961, he is a UK resident and following that a British citizen. He shares, since 1990, his time between England and Greece.
Biography.
He began his musical education as a child at the Volos Conservatoire in Greece. After moving to Athens in 1934, he continued at the Athens Conservatoire, graduating in 1943 with a piano diploma and a degree in harmony. During this period he decided to abandon his studies at the Faculty of Law at the University of Athens (where he had passed as 5th in 1940) and devote himself exclusively to music.
After the war, he continued his studies at the Mozarteum in Salzburg from where he graduated with piano and conducting diplomas in 1948–49, while being awarded the Lilly Lehmann Medal of the Mozarteum International Foundation. While studying in Salzburg he met great musicians, such as Johann Nepomuk David who introduced him to the spirit of Johann Sebastian Bach, of polyphony and of choral music. In 1950 he attended a composition seminar given by Paul Hindemith (whose 2nd version of his work 'Marienleben', he had given the European premiere a few months earlier in Salzburg with tremendous success). He also had the opportunity to play to the composer his Piano Sonata No.3 during this period, making the composer say to him "I have heard it many times in the past by American and German pianists, but for the first time I heard the structure of the Fugue." When Hadjinikos had performed this Sonata with the cycle "Marienleben," due to the success he was accused that he had beautified the Sonata in a sort of 'Mediterranean-Ravel like' way and didn't capture the Hindemith-style. When he told this to Hindemith, the otherwise extremely severe composer smiled gently and answered "If we suppose that there is such a thing as a 'Hindemith-style', then this is exactly what I just heard."
He began giving public recitals and performing as a soloist with orchestras playing Johannes Brahms's both Concertos, Robert Schumann's, Aram Khachaturian's, Ludwig van Beethoven's 4th and 5th, Sergei Rachmaninoff's 2nd and his Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini. He was called to give 80 recitals in Germany (in co-operation with the American Information Center) due to his European premiere of Aaron Copland's Piano Sonata.
In 1951 he moved from Salzburg to Munich where he studied with Carl Orff and with whom he had a great friendship until the end of the composer's life. In 1952, he came across one of Nikos Skalkottas's works for the first time, becoming an authority on the works of this great Greek composer, of whom he has been an energetic and committed exponent since.
From 1952 till 1957 he lived in Hamburg, where he took lessons on contemporary interpretation with Eduard Erdmann at the Hochschule für Musik. In October 1953 he gave the world premiere of Skalkottas's Piano Concerto No.2 with the NWDR (today NDR) Symphony Orchestra under the baton of Hermann Scherchen. For this performance, Hadjinikos was sent a microfilm with the extremely illegible full score and had to copy the piano part with a magnifying glass in order to learn his part. This was the performance which caused the BBC to take an interest in the work, leading to its subsequent broadcast and the publication of Hans Keller's historic article in "The Listener" entitled 'Nikos Skalkottas: An Original Genius'. In December 1954, he discovered several lost Skalkottas manuscripts in a second-hand bookshop in Berlin: the works unearthed were the Octet, two String Quartets, and the Piano Concerto No.1.
He continued to give recitals and appear as a soloist with orchestras performing Béla Bartók's Piano Concerto No. 2 in Hamburg, Salzburg and Prague, Skalkottas's Piano Concerto No. 2 in Stockholm and Vienna, Arnold Schoenberg's Piano Concerto in Stockholm (Swedish premiere). The performance of Bartók's Piano Concerto No. 2 with the NWDR Symphony Orchestra under Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt on the occasion of the 10 years since Bartók's death, established him as the "ideal interpreter" of the great Hungarian composer.
In 1957 he moved to France where he stayed until 1960. There, he met and studied with Prince and Princess Chavchavadze at Châtel-Censoir being initiated to Russian and French music. In 1959, while on a tour in the Soviet Union, when he reached Moscow he received an invitation by Heinrich Neuhaus whom he met and had been given by him the first "seeds" of teaching. During the same year, Hadjinikos moved to Paris.
Circumstances led him to Switzerland, where he settled for less than a year. In 1961, after a tour in South Africa, he accepted to join the piano faculty of the Royal Manchester College of Music (today Royal Northern College of Music), thus moving to Manchester. Besides his Piano classes at the College, he branched out into Conducting, History of music, Chamber music, Harmonization of Praxis and Theory, Relation between Art and Science a.o., realizing that the problems of musical education are infinitely deeper than he first believed. This made him stay at the College 27 years instead of 3 as he had planned, retiring in 1988. During these years, he had been discovering answers which concern music in the whole and thus established a personal foundational approach to music, which he named "Logic and Foundations" (today "Essence and Origins") "of Musical Interpretation" and has presented it in various articles and essays, while also applies it to all of his musical activities.
Parallelly, he multiplied his appearances as a soloist and a conductor. With the College's Choir he premiered the there unknown "Carmina Burana" by Orff and established the "New Manchester Ensemble", premiering in North England Schoenberg's Pierrot Lunaire and Ode to Napoleon (conducting both from the piano). First performances of Arnold Schoenberg's Serenade, op.24, Wind Quintet, op. 26, and complete Piano Pieces, Anton Webern's "5 Pieces for orchestra, op.10" and "Concerto, op.24," Igor Stravinsky's Octet, "Les Noces" and "Histoire du Soldat", Nikos Skalkottas' "Andante sostenuto, Octet" and "Classic Symphony" followed, as well as works by Robert Gerhard, Tōru Takemitsu, György Ligeti, Jani Christou, Iannis Xenakis a.o. In cooperation with the UMIST (University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology) he established the "North Campus Choir" with which he presented Brahms's "A German Requiem", Bach's Mass in B Minor, Stravinsky's Mass and Elizabethan madrigals. He founded special classes in "initiating" in the deeper meaning of music (not only for musicians).
Always appearing in recitals and concerts, he performed Bartók's Piano Concerto No.1 in Germany and his Piano Concerto No.3 in England and Greece, Schoenberg's Piano Concerto in Paris with the Orchestre National de France under Dimitris Chorafas and in Geneva with the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande under Samuel Baud-Bovy, Ravel's Concerto in G major with The Hallé Orchestra under Jussi Jalas and the Concerto for left hand with the same orchestra (conducting himself from the piano), Skalkottas's Piano Concerto No.2 in Zürich, London with the BBC Symphony Orchestra under Antal Doráti and Berlin with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra under Ernest Bour).
In 1968 he gave his first recital and lecture at New Delhi in India and had the opportunity at their Music Academy to experience ancient and unprecedented dimensions of musical perception, which he worked out during his next two visits to India and built into his following musical activities. In 1969 he conducted the world premiere of Skalkottas's Piano Concerto No.3, played the world premiere of the 'Five Works for Winds and Piano' and the London premiere of the Bassoon Sonata, while also preparing and editing the orchestral parts.
The next year he attended the 'Bach Conference' in New York, and visited Tanglewood and the 'Vermont Festival' where he met great musicians, such as Rosalyn Tureck and Rudolf Serkin.
After conducting for a few years the Orchestras of Hoylake and South Manchester, he took over the Bury Symphony Orchestra, with which he presented 40 different programs of the main symphonic repertoire, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's 5 greatest operas and Beethoven's Fidelio. For years he conducted the 'Cleveland Easter Orchestral Courses' and the 'Canford Choral Weekends'.
In 1978 he gave the World Premiere of Skalkottas's Piano Concerto No.1 under Michel Tabachnik in Greece and the next year he conducted Skalkottas's Overture 'Ulysses's Return' in Copenhagen at the E.B.U. (European Broadcasting Union) and gave the World Premier of the Double Bass Concerto. In 1984, he was invited at the instigation of Prof. Josef Rufer, formerly Schoenberg's assistant in Berlin, to present Skalkottas in a special recital at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles (at that time the location of the Arnold Schoenberg Institute). During the same year, he takes over the annual summer seminars and festival organized by the "Cultural Foundation "G. Angelinis-Pia Hadjinikos"" at Horto, a beautiful village in Pelion, Greece. During these seminars orchestras are being made up by Greek and foreign musicians, having presented works by Beethoven, Brahms, Jean Sibelius, Carl Orff, Christou, Charles Ives, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Bartók, Dmitri Shostakovich and many others.
In 1990, the University of Pavia awarded him the 'Ugo Foscolo' Medal for his offerings in European Music. During the years 1993 and 1995 he conducted 7 classic programs with the Berlin Symphony Orchestra (now Konzerthausorchester Berlin).
During his multifarious career he never stopped visiting Greece, collaborating (either as a pianist or conductor) with Greek and foreign orchestras. He has appeared at the Athens Festival both as a soloist and conductor, having performed Skalkottas with Miltiadis Karydis and having conducted works by Jani Christou with the Radio Symphony Orchestra of Milan and by Skalkottas with the Košice State Philharmonic Orchestra.
He never stops his manifold musical activities, as well as travelling and teaching extensively, always aiming to awaken each student's subconscious. He teaches every summer at Horto, Greece. He is often invited to give seminars abroad under the title 'Essence and Origins of Musical Interpretation', which allow any instrumentalist, singer, ensemble, orchestra and even the audience to take part since they aim in discovering Music itself rather than simply giving advice concerning technique. He is president of the jury at the Ibiza International Piano Competition which takes place every two years.
Among his more prominent former pupils are Gilbert Biberian, Paul Galbraith, Richard Ward-Roden, Teodor Currentzis, Trefor Smith, Robyn Koh, Smaro Gregoriadou, Yiorgo Moutsiaras and Duo Vivo.
He is an author of two books. One about Skalkottas accompanied with two CDs, and one about Mozart's recitatives in his Operas. Currently he is preparing his third book which is about 'Essence and Origins of Musical Interpretation'.
Essence and Origins of Musical Interpretation.
The "Essence and Origins" workshops differ radically from conventional master classes that usually offer advice and directives within the framework of a particular instrument or voice. These workshops aim at a wider, more general approach, departing from the principle that music is formally learned from ‘without’, e.g. via technical and theoretical notions. Instead, the aim is to recover the instinctual and deeper foundations of both musical theory and practical techniques in order to capture the essence of music from within. In place of mere technical advice, the musical elements and meanings are explored from within, and the performer is guided and encouraged first to discover for himself so as to acquire gradually the ability to identify with the ideas that sparked the composers’ creative impulses.
Only with such an approach can an interpretation be achieved which makes the music genuinely accessible to the layman, bestowing upon the performer the most satisfying rewards and upon music the fulfilment of its true goal. After all, Beethoven himself wrote at the beginning of his greatest work, his "Missa Solemnis", "from the heart… may it to hearts go again"; while Haydn in his old age, despite being exhausted by a life of unceasing labour was, as he himself states, "forcing himself to continue composing, in order to bring joy to some unhappy and desperate soul". 
It is imperative for this purpose to confront immediately and in depth each error in order to discover its roots and thus be able to eliminate it. At the same time, the participants are encouraged to bring forward free and unhampered any query whatever, so that through a process of clarification, one might arrive at essential questions and clear answers. In this way one circumvents the curse of present day education, which, because of perceived lack of time for such ‘luxuries’, promotes hasty and unchecked copying of prefabricated answers. Given the basis on which grades and degrees are currently awarded, such attitudes may help students to achieve them more easily, but they also admit mechanical performances and soulless music making.
The knowledge that results from such a process withers like cut flowers, whilst knowledge that is sown by an alert mind in an awakened instinct fertilizes and enriches, bearing blossoms and fruits like living plants and trees. Education that neglects the awakening and cultivation of the instinct leads to superficial and sterile knowledge. Genuine and fertile learning emerges only from an education in which the probing mind awakens and cultivates the instinct, replacing the self-indulgent inertia of incomplete knowledge with humility, understanding and constantly developing through growing assimilation of nature's perennial wisdom.
"George Hadjinikos, Oct. 1997"
As seen by others.
"George Hadjinikos has a unique ability, arrived at through a deep understanding coupled with a natural intuition, to identify the true character of musical works. My own experience of this has been in the London series of workshops "Logic and Foundations of Interpretation" in which Professor Hadjinikos looks into the roots of understanding of a work in such a way that the performance is a logical extension of these and so a natural communication. The transformation achieved during the sessions is astonishing. His communicative ability extends equally to his description of the works in which he transforms the gamut of specialist knowledge into a form understood by everyone without the condition of previous knowledge. In my opinion, George Hadjinikos is one of the very finest musicians and teachers we have today."
Michael Bochmann (Organiser of the London Seminars)
"George Hadjinikos belongs absolutely to the first rank of his generation. Thanks to a quite exceptional talent and a most thorough musical knowledge, he excels equally as a pianist, an educator, and in particular both an orchestral and choral conductor."
Carl Orff
"For many years I have known and held in esteem George Hadjinikos, an outstanding musician, who has an intimate knowledge not only of established repertoire but also of all branches of modern music especially the work of Arnold Schoenberg and his Viennese School. To this must be added his theoretical knowledge and a remarkable flair for education. In this way he is predisposed to follow an extraordinary path in music."
"Prof. Josef Rufer (Schoenberg's Assistant in Berlin)"
"We, the Maggini Quartet, have been coached by Professor George Hadjinikos over a period of many years in quartets ranging from Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven through to Ravel, Prokofiev and Schoenberg and his help has always been inspirational. He approaches music from its roots, his knowledge of which is enormous and ever-growing and often achieves results by 'taking away', allowing the music to be revealed, as opposed to adding musicality on the top, which is so common today. His workshops should not be missed.
David Angel (2nd violin, Maggini Quartet)
"Dear George, I am sure that what I told you about my joy at your Carmina Burana last night was quite inadequate, but even as I write I know I cannot express in words the experience you and all your talented company gave me. This is what art is about – joy which cannot be defined but is felt in one's bones and substance. And clearly this was in all your singers and players last night as well as in the audience. In life we know that vibrations radiate from everything, but so often we are not aware of them; last night the vibrations were audible and visible, and they added up to meaning and therefore affirmation and therefore joy in life. The faces of those children is something I shall never forget. You made us feel what a mockery most "music" is, with as much life as a bowler hat; Orff's music grows from the roots. What pleasure!!
Idris Parry (Professor of German Literature, University of Manchester)
"Dear Mr. Hadjinikos, Everyone concerned with the Cleveland Easter Orchestral Courses has been full of praise for the splendid music, which has been created during those very pleasant and interesting weeks. The course members in particular have been full of admiration for the enthusiasm and the brilliance of your teaching. In keeping with your own expressed philosophy of Music and Music-making, great things were achieved in the lives of the people fortunate enough to attend these courses. New friendships and the happiness that these created have all been part of this great project. Truly it has been for everyone a great personal experience.
L. Robinson, Principal Cleveland Technical College
"My dear friend, I honestly have no way of telling you the extent of our gratitude for your Canford Choral Weekends. They have been the most worthwhile and successful ventures in the musical life of the school since I came 10 years ago."
B. Manning (Director of Music, Canford School)
"How delighted we are to express today our affection and gratitude after 13 years of making music together. None of this would have been possible without your guiding hand which moulded and developed our musical sensibilities and abilities giving us the confidence to play music of unsurpassed beauty. Who will ever forget your mastery of each subject and your ability to make the philosophy behind the music comprehensible to us?"
Arthur Price (Chairman of the Bury Symphony Orchestra)
"The concert with works by Skalkottas that was given in the Herodes Atticus Theatre proved a surprise. For the first time the 'composer of the intellectuals' reached and captured the whole audience who, astounded, realized the richness of sonorities in his orchestration, as well as the endless colourful variety of his harmonies. Above all however, they realized how Skalkottas captures and expresses the soul of Hellenism. His outrageously difficult scores found ideal interpreters in George Hadjinikos with the Košice Orchestra. The continuous vitality together with the unfailing observation to each detail kept us spellbound and surprised to the end."
Kathimerini (leading Athens newspaper)
"Dear George, Thank you for a quite exceptionally impressive concert, which included outstanding stretches in what is, texturally, one of the two most difficult works to play in our entire literature (the other is Schoenberg's 3rd Quartet). The Mozart, likewise, evinced deeply understanding tempo characters and phrasings—though here, there are also one or two things that could be further developed not contradicting your marvellous, highly characteristic tempo definition. But let these tiny points not overshadow my enthusiastic reaction to one of the few musical concerts one has been allowed to hear!! Yours, Hans"
""'Hans Keller (the outstanding musicologist and musician, concerning the London performance of Schoenberg's Chamber Symphony No.1 and Mozart's Gran Partita for 13 Winds)
"Dear Sir, I listened to your rendering of my "Six Preludes for Strings" with the most total delight. With your marvellous comprehension of my Preludes you know how to change the atmosphere with the most perfect authenticity six times, passing with subtlety from a common joke to poetry. (With Ulysses among your ancestors, this goes without saying, but it goes even better by pointing it out). Believe me your grateful admirer, Jean Françaix
Jean Françaix (the eminent French composer)""'

</doc>
<doc id="9732458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732458" title="Informating">
Informating

Informating is a term coined by Shoshana Zuboff in her book "In the Age of the Smart Machine" (1988). It is the process that translates descriptions and measurements of activities, events and objects into information. By doing so, these activities become visible to the organization.
Informating has both an empowering and oppressing influence. On the one hand, as information processes become more powerful, the access to information is pushed to ever lower levels of the organization. Conversely, information processes can be used to monitor what Zuboff calls human agency. 
Zuboff Description.
From "In the Age of Smart Machine", Informating is described as:
"What is it, then, that distinguishes information technology from earlier generations of machine technology? As information technology is used to reproduce, extend, and improve upon the process of substituting machines for human agency, it simultaneously accomplishes something quite different. The devices that automate by translating information into action also register data about those automated activities, thus generating new streams of information. For example, computer-based, numerically controlled machine tools or microprocessor-based sensing devices not only apply programmed instructions to equipment but also convert the current state of equipment, product, or process into data. Scanner devices in supermarkets automate the checkout process and simultaneously generate data that can be used for inventory control, warehousing, scheduling of deliveries, and market analysis. The same systems that make it possible to automate office transactions also create a vast overview of an organization's operations, with many levels of data coordinated and accessible for a variety of analytical efforts." (Zuboff, 1988; p. 9)"
Concept.
As per the Zuboff's definition, and examples stated in her book surrounding the concept, confers the basic idea as, any activity, such as two friends who using Facebook communicate to other whats on their mind. Which could also be said they are informating, where using a technological tool such as Facebook, the two friends are converting their activity of thinking or per se something specific to their mutual context, into information. Thereby making their activity visible to friend or friends. 
With advent of parallelism also the concept of informating is achieving further value. Because any activity done is able to produce multiple streams of information, which may be independent, yet held together by the context, in which they are embedded. 
Usage of Word.
Recently a Limited Liability Partnership was successfully registered with Ministry of Corporate Affairs, India with the use of the word "Informating" in the Company title.
"Informating" as a concept, is being applied to several contexts. 
It is a powerful learning tool because it shifts the power and control to students by giving access to new sources of information and relationships. November states, "Students have access to content information that was previously only available in the teacher's edition of the textbook."
We consult communities on optimization of their knowledge management and informational activities. We are also involved in designing communication architecture for communities. We analyze Information Flow and Group Dynamics of our adopted communities. Our chief role is in the area of facilitating knowledge exchange and network building activities internationally. 

</doc>
<doc id="9732467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732467" title="WSHA">
WSHA

WSHA (88.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Jazz/Gospel/Community Interest format. Licensed to Raleigh, North Carolina, USA, the station serves the Raleigh. The station is currently owned by Shaw University and features programing from National Public Radio.
History.
In 1968, Shaw University became the first black college to own a radio station. At first the station used an antenna on top of a building on the downtown campus, but in the late 1990s a new tower was built in southeast Raleigh near Interstate 40. WFSS in Fayetteville, North Carolina moved from 89.1 FM to 91.9 FM to allow WSHA to increase power.

</doc>
<doc id="9732470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732470" title="Oklahoma State Highway 112">
Oklahoma State Highway 112

State Highway 112 is a 24.6 mi (39.6 km) state highway in Le Flore County, Oklahoma. It connects Poteau to Arkoma. It has no lettered spur routes.
Route description.
SH-112 begins at an intersection with US-59/271 in Poteau, continuing the alignment of the Poteau Bypass. It continues northeast from the intersection, intersecting a railroad at-grade and crossing the Poteau River. The highway then clips the west edge of Cameron. Northeast of Cameron, the road crosses over James Fork. In Rock Island, Highway 112 serves as the western terminus of State Highway 120. At SH-120, it turns more northerly and crosses Backbone Mountain.
On the far side of the mountain, SH-112 passes through Pocola. On the north side of town, the highway intersects US-271/SH-9. SH-112 joins the concurrency, headed east. The road becomes a freeway in the run-up to Interstate 540, which begins at the Oklahoma–Arkansas state line. SH-112 exits at the last interchange in Oklahoma. From here, the highway heads north toward Arkoma, paralleling the state line. 
SH-112 intersects SH-9A in Arkoma, and one of the two highways continues to the state line. Sources conflict as to which highway continues from this point, and the ultimate location of the northern terminus of SH-112. Signage present as of 2004 indicates that SH-112 continues north to end at the Arkansas state line, where no Arkansas highway exists to connect to it. However, the internal ODOT control section maps show SH-112 ending at SH-9A, and SH-9A ending at the state line. The Oklahoma state highway map distributed to the public is not detailed enough to include a label for the section of highway in question.
History.
State Highway 112 was added to the state highway system on August 15, 1955. Originally, the highway was paved until just south of Cameron, then continued as gravel through Cameron, ending at US-271/SH-9 in what is now Pocola (the town is not shown on contemporary maps). On October 5, 1959, the highway was straightened between Cameron and US-271. By this time, the highway was entirely paved. Further straightening between Cameron and Rock Island occurred on June 1, 1970. 
The most major change in SH-112's history came on February 5, 1973, when the highway was extended to Arkoma. One further straightening occurred in the Cameron vicinity on June 27, 1982. No further changes have occurred since then.

</doc>
<doc id="9732485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732485" title="Free South Moluccan Youths">
Free South Moluccan Youths

Free South Moluccan Youth is an inactive terrorist organization with the proclaimed goal of restoring South Moluccan independence from Indonesia. The group and its factions were responsible for several attacks in the Netherlands in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9732489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732489" title="Anthony Trickett">
Anthony Trickett

Anthony Robert Trickett MBE DL (1940 - 17 May 2013) was a Scottish doctor and Lord Lieutenant of Orkney. 
Trickett practised in several hospitals in Manchester between 1964 and 1966, then demonstrating Anatomy at University of Manchester between 1966 and 1967. From 1967 to 1973, he was a General Practitioner at Pembroke in Dyfed and from 1973 to 2000 in Hoy and Walls. From 1973, he was Honorary Medical Advisor of Longhope Lifeboat and became its Honorary Secretary in 1995. From 2000 he was chairman of the Longhope Lifeboat Museum Trust. Trickett was a Divisional Medical Advisor. He was a member of the Medical and Survival Committee of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) and received the Institution's Silver Badge in 1994 and the Gold Badge in 2004.
Trickett was a trustee of the Hoy Trust from 1984, becoming its chairman in 1992. From 2003, he was trustee of the Pickaquoy Centre in Kirkwall. Between 2000 and 2006, he was director of Orkney Enterprise. He was a director of the Gable End Theatre in Hoy and chairman of the Hoy Half Marathon, which he had founded with John Eccles. Having been made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1998, Trickett was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Orkney in 1999. In 2005, he was made Vice Lord Lieutenant and on 27 February 2007 he became Lord Lieutenant.
Trickett leaves a widow.

</doc>
<doc id="9732494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732494" title="WNCU">
WNCU

WNCU (90.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Jazz format. Licensed to Durham, North Carolina, USA, the station serves the Raleigh area. The station is currently owned by North Carolina Central University and features programing from National Public Radio and Public Radio International.

</doc>
<doc id="9732514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732514" title="Arjun Malhotra">
Arjun Malhotra

Arjun Malhotra is an Indian businessman who co-founded HCL Technologies with Shiv Nadar in 1976. He is an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur. He was in E&ECE department of 1970 batch of IIT Kharagpur. He also attended the The Doon School in Dehradun and St. Columba's School in New Delhi. He founded TechSpan in 1998. TechSpan merged with Headstrong in 2003. He sold Headstrong to Genpact in 2011 and currently he is doing some advisory consulting as well as serving on the Boards of a number of education based organizations. 

</doc>
<doc id="9732520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732520" title="WCMC-FM">
WCMC-FM

WCMC-FM is a Sports Talk radio station based in Raleigh, North Carolina and licensed to nearby Holly Springs. Its studios are located in downtown Raleigh along with WRAL-FM, an adult contemporary music station. Both stations are owned and operated by Capitol Broadcasting Company, which also owns WRAL-TV, FOX 50, and the Durham Bulls minor-league baseball team, among other properties. 
WCMC-FM transmits from an antenna located in the Auburn community southeast of Raleigh, on a tower shared with WRDC, WRAL-FM, and WQDR-FM. The station also broadcasts in HD Radio.
History.
Prior to 2005, this station was WFXQ in Chase City, Virginia, one of several southern Virginia stations purchased by former Raleigh radio host Tom Joyner in 2001. For 11 years prior to Joyner's purchase of the station, it was a country music station known as "99.9 The Fox". During Joyner's years as owner, the station was black gospel as "Rejoice Radio 99.9" and adult standards as "Stardust 99.9." Joyner sold WFXQ to Capitol Broadcasting, and the Stardust format moved to WSHV in South Hill, Virginia, one of several Joyner-owned stations purchased by Lakes Media. WFXQ got permission to move its city of license to Creedmoor and increase its power to 22,000 watts. 
In October 2006, WCMC moved to another tower, taller than the previous one, but reduced its power to 8,000 watts. 
On September 10, 2007 the format was dropped at 9 p.m. and changed to a classic rock format in anticipation for a format change to sports. On October 10, the sports format premiered at 3 p.m. known as "99.9 The Fan."
Since moving to the Triangle, WCMC had broadcast from an antenna located 485 feet above ground level located 3 miles northwest of Youngsville. In 2010 WCMC was granted permission to move its city of license to Holly Springs and boost its power to 26,500 watts. 
Sports.
WCMC is now the flagship station for the Carolina Hurricanes, following a two-year run on Curtis Media-owned WWMY. In addition, the station will broadcast also the weekly football and basketball coaches shows for the NC State Wolfpack, while sister station WRAL-FM will broadcast the games. However, all ACC Tournament games not involving the Wolfpack will air on WCMC.
On November 30, 2008, WCMC became an ESPN Radio affiliate. This follows the decision by McClatchey Broadcasting to discontinue ESPN programming on its two sports talk stations, WDNC and WRBZ, because of ESPN's insistence on the stations airing more ESPN programming than the company wanted to.
On April 1, 2009, WCMC became the new flagship station of the Durham Bulls. They are expected to carry the full allotment of 144 during the season, along with playoff games, although some games may be moved over to their HD channel on dates that might conflict with a Carolina Hurricanes broadcast.
On May 13, 2010, it was announced that WCMC would air Carolina Panthers games.

</doc>
<doc id="9732547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732547" title="United States Ambassador to Korea">
United States Ambassador to Korea

The current United States Ambassador to Korea is Sung Kim. His official title is "United States Ambassador to the Republic of Korea."
Kingdom of Korea.
After the United States–Korea Treaty of 1882 was negotiated, diplomatic representatives were sent from Washington to Seoul. From then until 1905, there were several Envoys and Consuls General, each heading what was called a legation. After the Japanese had defeated the Chinese in 1895, and the Russians in 1905, Korea began to see its independence disappear. By 1910, Japan had annexed Korea and the U.S. no longer had a diplomatic presence in Korea.
Republic of Korea.
At the end of World War II, American forces accepted Japan's surrender in southern Korea, and Soviet forces accepted the surrender of the Japanese in northern Korea. Talks to agree upon a unity government for Korea failed and in 1948, two separate Korean states were created: the Republic of Korea (South Korea) and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea). The United States established diplomatic relations with the new South Korean government, but did not recognize North Korea. Other nations, like the Soviet Union, recognized the Pyongyang regime in North Korea, but did not initially establish relations with the South Korean government in Seoul. 
The United States has maintained constant diplomatic relations with South Korea since 1948, with formal recognition of the Republic of Korea on 1 January 1949. The American special representative, John J. Muccio, became the first Ambassador to the Republic of Korea on March 1, 1949.
The Embassy of the United States in Seoul has jurisdiction over APP Busan.
Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
, the U.S. has no diplomatic presence in North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9732566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732566" title="Sierra Nevada de Mérida">
Sierra Nevada de Mérida

The Sierra Nevada de Mérida is the highest mountain range in the largest massif in Venezuela, the Cordillera de Mérida, which in turn is part of the northern extent of the Cordillera de los Andes (Andes Mountains). The Sierra Nevada de Mérida includes the highest peaks in Venezuela, Pico Bolívar, which has an elevation of , Pico Humboldt, Pico Bonpland and others.
The Sierra Nevada National Park is a protected area within the range.

</doc>
<doc id="9732570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732570" title="Flatfish (album)">
Flatfish (album)

Flatfish is the second album, and debut studio recording, by Anglo-Irish celtic music group Flook, released in 1999 on Flatfish Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9732571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732571" title="Tjalie Robinson">
Tjalie Robinson

Tjalie Robinson is the main alias of the Indo (Eurasian) intellectual and writer Jan Boon (born Nijmegen, 10 January 1911; died The Hague, 22 April 1974) also known as Vincent Mahieu. His father Cornelis Boon, a Royal Netherlands East Indies Army (KNIL) sergeant, was Dutch and his Indo-European mother Fela Robinson was part Scottish and Javanese.
He is considered to be the author of unique Indo literature. Tjalie Robinson became the most influential post war Indo activist of his generation and the most important promoter of Indo culture anywhere. In his essay ""Sweet Java, about Tjalie Robinson."" Rudy Kousbroek, one of the Netherlands foremost essayists, simply called him ""one of the greatest Dutch writers"".
His aim as cultural guardian was to preserve Indo culture for the future or as he put it himself: ""To create living monuments for an immortal past."".
In his most vivid description of the Eurasian nature of his Indo identity Tjalie Robinsion wrote:
""I did not care that people wanted to call me ‘neither fish nor fowl,’ and wanted to label me (an Indo), either Indonesian or Dutch. For them I just had to choose between the two, right? Nevertheless, I stubbornly named the turtle as ‘neither fish nor fowl,’ and praised this animal as a unique, land-and-sea-lover who lives to very old ages, whose meat has an excellent taste, and who cuts through oceans from continent to continent. I said, "Just as I do not find the turtle inferior, although he is neither fish nor fowl, I do not think the Indo inferior.""
Tjalie Robinson's book 'Tjies' was awarded a literary prize by the municipality of Amsterdam in 1958.
Robinson is the best read Dutch author in Indonesia.
Life in the Dutch East Indies.
Born in Nijmegen the Netherlands he spent the first 44 years of his life in the Dutch East Indies. When he was a 3 month old baby his family returned to the Dutch East Indies. As a child he lived and went to primary school in Meester Cornelis (now Jatinegara). He attended secondary schooling (MULO) in Batavia (now Jakarta). Although an eager and astute student he was also an avid and allround athlete and boxer, winning the Silver medal at the high jump and the Gold medal at the pentathlon during the Athletics Championships of Java in 1933. After completing college and obligatory military service he got married and went on to become a teacher at the so-called 'Wild (unsubsidised) Schools' on Java and Sumatra. In 1936 he became a contributing editor for the 'Batavian Newspaper' (Dutch: Bataviaasch Nieuwsblad), founded in 1885 by author P.A.Daum. It was one of the leading newspapers in the Dutch East Indies, that had also employed other important Indo writers like Karel Zaalberg, Ernest Douwes Dekker, Victor Ido and the iconic E. du Perron.
During World War II (1942–1945) he was interned in various Japanese concentration camps such as Tjimahi and the infamous Changi Prison. Imprisoned in Tjimahi Tjalie Robinson kept on writing. He was part of a small group of intellectuals (including Leo Vroman and Rob Nieuwenhuys) that engaged in cultural activity. 
After the war he survived the bedlam of the Bersiap period (1945–1946) and even worked as Editor in chief for the magazine 'Wapenbroeders' (Brothers in Arms), where he was also the creator of the popular 'Taaie & Neut' cartoon series. In 1946 he was promoted to captain and served as war correspondent for the KNIL's Public Relations Office (Dutch: Leger voorlichtings dienst) in amongst others the volatile region of Kediri, East Java.
After Indonesia gained independence he remarried in 1950 and moved to Borneo with his new wife, who was working for the Bruynzeel corporation in the timber industry. There he adopted the alias 'Vincent Mahieu' (named after Indo icon Auguste Mahieu (1865–1903), founder of the Komedie Stamboel Indo opera
His wife Lillian Ducelle recalls:
... he was home writing. We lived outside of the city along a river. Rats as big as cats ran through our little house. Sometimes we had no water or electricity - but he had the time of his life. In our time there he wrote most of his 'Vincent Mahieu' oeuvre. Typewriter on a wooden case turned over, he just kept on typing. He said: ""This is where I live."" 
Scholar, translator and poet E.M. Beekman describes the work as follows: ""These stories show a refined talent, a powerful imagination, an inquisitive intellect and a whole lot of feeling."" Both books were translated into Indonesian in 1976 by H.B. Jassin. The latter book into German in 1993 by W.Hüsmert. English translations by M. Alibasah were published in 1995.
From 1952 to 1954 he worked as journalist for the newspaper 'Nieuwsgier' where he was continuously reflecting on life in his ever changing homeland and wrote most of his often re-printed work 'Piekerans van een straatslijper.' 'Piekerans' (Musings) is the Petjok word Tjalie Robinson used to name his weekly essays in the newspaper, which in essence do not significantly differ from the work of his famous Dutch contemporary in the Netherlands Simon Carmiggelt. Together their work grew into a separate genre in Dutch literature and found successors in among others Rudy Kousbroek.
He also became contributing editor with the cultural and literary magazine 'Orientatie', which published many of his short stories. In his story writing he excelled as a literary interpreter of everyday life of Indos in the Dutch East Indies.
Life in the Netherlands.
In 1955 he left for the Netherlands and first lived in Amsterdam and later in The Hague, where he became a zealous activist for the preservation of Indo culture. Initially he wrote columns reflecting on repatriation in Dutch newspaper 'Het Parool', where he became a direct colleague of Simon Carmiggelt, and simultaneously kept catering for the Indos still in Indonesia by writing for Surabaya based 'De Vrije Pers' (The Free Press). He originally attempted to find connection with the cultural and literary establishment of the Netherlands, but unwilling to assimilate he wanted to establish his own cultural network of Indo authors and artists. To groom the 62 year old Indo author Maria Dermoût who successfully debuted in 1955 he wrote her: ""I am Mrs Dermoût, a barefoot child of the free seas and free mountains. Even when death would be my prediction, I will keep fighting an injustice that does not threaten me personally, but our cultural conscience (if there is such a thing)."" 
He soon started a short-lived magazine called 'Gerilja' (Guerrilla), sub-titled 'Magazine for Self-preservation', after which he took over editorial responsibility of the monthly magazine 'De Brug' (The Bridge) in 1957, which he wanted to transform into a weekly Indo magazine. This became the predecessor of his magazine ‘Tong Tong’, sub-titled 'The only Indo magazine in the Netherlands', established one year later (1958) and that lives on to this day under the name ‘Moesson’. The magazine's main target audience was the Indo community in diaspora. At its peak in 1961 the magazine had 11,000 paying subscribers and reached an estimated 77,000 readers, one third of the Indo community in the Netherlands. Another living monument of his achievements is the annual Pasar Malam Besar (renamed to 'Tong Tong Fair' in 2009) which he co-founded in 1959.
In a 1958 example how Tjalie Robinson used the "Tong Tong Magazine" to elucidate both his own Indo community and Dutch public opinion, his editorial reaction to a government study about the repatriation from Indonesia contradicts the widespread notion Indo culture was merely a thin facade laid over a Dutch foundation. Using the evidence of centuries old Portuguese family names many Indos carried and matriarchal kinship relations within Eurasian communities, he argued that in origin the Indos 
sprang from an ancient mestizo culture going back all the way to the beginning of the European involvement in Asia.
When in 1960 and 1961 he published his best-known work, respectively the books "Tjies" and "Tjoek", Dutch literary critics immediately praised his style and narrative. However they found it hard to comprehend the Indies environment he was describing. Tjalie Robinson himself consequently decided to give all his focus to the advancement of the Indo community in diaspora and the social objectives he coupled to that, by solely publishing in his own magazine. In 1963 he wrote: "I couldnt care less about literary life, in reality that only means your a name in a bookcase. Writing should have a living social function. 90% of what we call literature is just phraseology, obsequious embellishment and blatherskite." 
Tjalie Robinson developed a life philosophy that evolves around the nature of "the Hunt", regularly writing about the practice of hunting as a parable for 'real' and 'truthful' living as he saw it. In his stories "the Hunt" often returns as a theme to intellectually explore 'dangerous' and 'couragous' life and particularly to depict the life and culture of Indos. In the Netherlands he emerged as a sharp critic of assimilation, putting the "hunting" lifestyle of the Indo opposite to mundane lifestyle in the West.
Tjalie Robinson has been attributed to having single handedly preserved the historic hybrid Indo culture of the Dutch East Indies in literature... with the wisdom of hindsight we now know that Tjalie Robinson was one of the most original writers of post war Dutch literature, that in the nick of time he secured something that otherwise would have been lost to us: how people felt, thought and spoke in the now lost world of the Indo community on Java. Rudy Kousbroek, 1989.
Later years.
In search of a global vision on Indo culture and in a continued effort to resist assimilation Tjalie Robinson traveled to Latin America where he compared the Indo community with the racially mixed people of that continent. Already in the Dutch East Indies he had admired the status of the Creole language Papiamento and the cultural expressions of the Dutch Antilles. He also sympathised with the philosophical writings of the Spanish essayist Jose Ortega y Gasset, an outspoken proponent of perspectivism and in 1961 even initiated the creation of an Indo enclave in Spain, named 'El Atabal'.
Later he moved to the USA (1963–1968) and lived in Whittier, California, where he founded 'The American Tong Tong’. He felt there was less resistance in the USA to ethnic profiling of minorities and to create a cultural sanctuary for Indos he set up the Indo Community Center 'De Soos'
Already before his emigration to the USA he was full of admiration for multi-cultural New York and wrote: ""All these different ethnic minorities (in New York City) are allowed to be who they are (only in Holland we still believe in the folly of assimilation) and - strange as it may sound - they are all American. And now look at how richly they affect New York. All these people that can remain true to themselves, give their own flair and character to American life."" 
His literary work found comparisons with Flannery O'Connor, writer of "Mystery and Manners. Occasional Prose." (as well as other Southern United States authors like Faulkner and Eudora Welty), who appropriately wrote that "great talent can put a small local history into a universal light". In his analysis of Tjalie Robinson professor E.M. Beekman also pointed out that he quite often cited or referred to American authors like: Mark Twain, Henry Miller, Tennessee Williams, T. S. Eliot and even Robert Frost when he was still an unknown writer in Europe.
To save the Dutch 'Tong Tong' magazine that was suffering from a dwindling number of subscribers he returned to the Netherlands in 1968, where he spent the final years of his life. Tjalie Robinson died in 1974. The necrology of this "avant garde visionary" reads: ""In The Hague at the age of 63 Indo journalist and author Tjalie Robinson passed away. After his return from Indonesia he had wholeheartedly given his all to preserve the unique identity of the Indo community in the Netherlands. [...] Many of his endeavours encountered resistance, but appreciation was paramount."" 
His ashes were scattered in the Java Sea at Sunda Kelapa in Jakarta the same year. His son recalls: ""Then - under the soft sounds of Kroncong music - the urn was slowly emptied into the sea. Tjalie was home."" 
Legacy.
Part of his literary legacy is the fact that he wrote much of his work in the Indo mix language called Petjok, also known as petjo or pecuk, giving it a status that it never had in the Dutch East Indies and providing academic linguistic research a substantial database. His work varies between the melancholy reminiscence of the Indos in diaspora, caught in the term Tempo Doeloe, the positioning of post-colonial Indo identity and the study of a global Eurasian cultural domain.
... an outstanding figure who helped shape and pass on the legacy of the Dutch colonial past from the East Indies, Tjalie Robinson. An author who not only was a prominent voice in the colonial period, but also throughout the years of decolonisation, and during the ensuing postcolonial era. In his life and work can be detected a reflection of twentieth-century processes of change in the relations between the Netherlands and its former colony in the East. (Professor Dr. Wim Willems describing Tjali Robinson as a cultural mediator from the East.)
His greatest achievement as described by Kousbroek may have been that he was: "... the only one that has restored their (Indo) self respect and granted us insight into their culture and has written about it with the hand of a master." 
His work is still regularly re-issued by publisher Moesson, The Hague. and often cited in academic studies.
In 1992 on the facade of Tjalie Robinson's place of birth, Dominicanenstraat 117 in Nijmegen, a memorial was unveiled by the 'Literary Cafe Nijmegen', in collaboration with the Municipality of Nijmegen and the 'Cultural Council Gelderland'.
In 2008 it was announced that a square would be named after him in The Hague.
In 2008 Wim Willems published his biography: "Tjalie Robinson, Indo writer" and in 2009 his compiled letters "Writing with your fists, Tjalie Robinsons letters" for which the author received the literary award 'Witte Prijs' in 2010.
In 2009 commemorating Tjalie Robinson's death 35 years ago a modern multi-media theater play based on his stories was performed in Bandung and Jakarta, Indonesia. The play was also performed during the 2011 Tong Tong Fair in the The Hague, Netherlands.
The 'Tong Tong' magazine, renamed to 'Moesson' in 1978 lives on to this day with his widow Lillian Ducelle as director and chief editor up to 1993. Lillian Ducelle: ""I can not replace my husband, but I can continue his work."" 50 seasons of published editions of both the Dutch and American magazine are available online in the digital archive of the official website.
The 'American Tong Tong' magazine, renamed 'The Indo' lives on to this day with Rene Creutzburg as editor and publisher, who in 2007 was awarded a Royal ribbon in the 'Order of Orange-Nassau' for his efforts over the past 44 years. This Dutch and English language magazine is still an official body of the Indo Community Center 'De Soos', established by Tjalie Robinson in 1963.
His Tong Tong Fair remains an annual event in the Hague and many Pasar Malam events inspired by it are held throughout the Netherlands yearly.
Family.
He married "Edith de Bruijn" in 1934. After her death in 1938 he married "Ivonne Benice Christine Niggebrugge" in 1940. After their divorce in 1949 he married "Lilly Mary Hermine van Zele", also known under alias "Lillian Ducelle", in 1950. He has 1 son and 2 daughters from his first marriage, 1 son and 1 daughter from his second marriage and 1 son and 1 daughter from his third marriage. Many of his family (wife, children, grandchildren) were actively involved in running both his magazine and festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9732577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732577" title="Jjunju of Buganda">
Jjunju of Buganda

Junju Sendegeya was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda (a subnational kingdom within Uganda) from 1780 until 1797. He was the twenty-sixth (26th) Kabaka of Buganda.
Claim to the throne.
He was the son of Kabaka Kyabaggu Kabinuli, Kabaka of Buganda, who reigned between 1750 and 1780. His mother was Nanteza, the seventeenth (17th) of his father's twenty (20) wives. He ascended to the throne upon the death of his father. He established his capital at Magonga.
Married life.
He is recorded to have married four (4) wives:
Offspring.
He is recorded to have fathered three (3) children; one son and two daughters:
His reign.
During his reign, Buganda conquered Buddu (in present day Masaka District) from Bunyoro. His reign was interrupted by the struggle between him and his brother Prince Semakookiro, who rebelled against him. During the rebellion, Semakookiro ordered his men to go and capture Kabaka Jjunju and bring him to the rebel prince. The expedition went badly. Kabaka Jjunju was killed during the attempted capture.
When the regiment sent to capture the Kabaka came back to report that they had killed him, Semakookiro was so upset that he expelled all the regiment members together with their families and friends from Buganda, or else they would suffer the same fate as his brother. The expelled people fled Buganda and went westwards to present day Kitagwenda in Kamwenge District and Bunyaruguru in Rubirizi District, Western Uganda.
This group of descendants were the reason why Kitagwenda and Bunyaruguru are called thus today. Kitagwenda seems to mean those who cannot go further and Bunyaruguru means those with strong-legs. Indeed, Kitagwenda is east of Bunyaruguru and is a plain area while Bunyaruguru is a hilly area west of Kitagwenda. Those without strong legs stayed in Kitagwenda and those who moved on and climbed the hills became the Banyaruguru.
The final years.
He was killed in the Battle of Kiwawu, against his brother Semakookiro, in 1797. He was buried at Luwunga, Busiro. 
Another authentic version of the death of Junju is that he was killed by the then Baganda of Ssese Islands, following a disagreement that erupted as a result of mistreatment. The aggreaved group fled to the east escaping from the attacks that were being planned by the mainland Baganda. When they reached the area of present-day Busoga and Samia region, they identified themselves as "bagenyi" which means "visitors" to the people of those areas. They settled in the area and took on new names such as "Musana", "Wegulo", "Wacha" in order to hide from the Kabaka's agents who were looking for them.
They adopted new culture and their language was amalgamated with Samia and Lusoga. Today these migrants are known as Bakenyi or Bakenye. The Bakenyi can be found among the Basoga, Bagwere, Balamogi, and the Samia proper. Some retained some aspects of their Kiganda culture; members of the Ngo Clan (Leopard Clan) renamed themselves the "Babango" and changed their totem to the Guinea Fowl (Nkofu). The Ngabi Clan (Antelope Clan) became the "Bakoma" and the "Bagulu".

</doc>
<doc id="9732589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732589" title="Lame">
Lame

Lame may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9732609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732609" title="Rawmill">
Rawmill

A rawmill is the equipment used to grind raw materials into "rawmix" during the manufacture of cement. Rawmix is then fed to a cement kiln, which transforms it into clinker, which is then ground to make cement in the cement mill. The rawmilling stage of the process effectively defines the chemistry (and therefore physical properties) of the finished cement, and has a large effect upon the efficiency of the whole manufacturing process.
History.
The history of the development of the technology of raw material grinding defines the early history of cement technology. Other stages of cement manufacture used existing technology in the early days. Early hydraulic materials such as hydraulic limes, natural cements and Parker's Roman cement were all based on "natural" raw materials, burned "as-dug". Because these natural blends of minerals occur only rarely, manufacturers were interested in making a fine-grained artificial mixture of readily available minerals such as limestone and clay that could be used in the same way. A typical problem would be to make an intimate mixture of 75% chalk and 25% clay, and burn this to produce an ”artificial cement". The development of the "wet" method of producing fine-grained clay in the ceramics industry afforded a means of doing this. For this reason, the early cement industry used the "wet process", in which the raw materials are ground together with water, to produce a slurry, containing 20–50% water. Both Louis Vicat and James Frost used this technique in the early 19th century, and it remained the only way of making rawmix for Portland cement until 1890. A modification of the technique used by the early industry was "double-burning", in which a hard limestone would be burned and slaked before combining with clay slurry. This technique avoided the grinding of hard stone, and was employed by, among others, Joseph Aspdin. Early grinding technology was poor, and early slurries were made thin, with a high water content. The slurry was then allowed to stand in large reservoirs ("slurry-backs") for several weeks. Large, un-ground particles would drop to the bottom, and excess water rose to the top. The water was periodically decanted until a stiff cake, of the consistency of pottery clay, was left. This was sliced up, discarding the coarse material at the bottom, and burned in the kiln. Wet grinding is comparatively energy-efficient, and so when good dry-grinding equipment became available, the wet process continued in use throughout the 20th century, often employing equipment that Josiah Wedgwood would have recognized.
Materials ground.
Rawmixes are formulated to contain a correctly balanced chemistry for the production of calcium silicates (alite and belite) and fluxes (aluminate and ferrite) in the kiln. Chemical analysis data in cement manufacture are expressed in terms of oxides, and the most important of these in rawmix design are SiO2, Al2O3, Fe2O3 and CaO. In principle, any material that can contribute any of these oxides can be used as a rawmix component. Because the major oxide required is CaO, the most prevalent rawmix component is limestone, while the others are mostly contributed by clay or shale. Minor adjustments to the chemistry are made by smaller additions of materials such as those shown below.
Typical rawmix component chemical analyses:
<br style="clear:both;">
Note: LoI950 is the Loss on ignition at 950 °C, and represents (approximately) the components lost during kiln processing. It consists mainly of CO2 from carbonates, H2O from clay hydrates, and organic carbon.
Using these materials, typical rawmixes could be composed:
The chemical analyses of these rawmixes would be:
<br style="clear:both;">
The raw materials and mixes shown are only "typical": considerable variations are possible depending on the raw materials available.
Control of minor elements.
Apart from the major oxides (CaO, SiO2, Al2O3 and Fe2O3) the minor oxides are, at best, diluents of the clinker, and may be deleterious. However, cement raw materials are for the most part dug from the Earth's crust and contain most of the elements in the periodic table in some amount. The manufacturer therefore selects materials so that the deleterious effects of minor elements are minimized or kept under control. Minor elements that are frequently encountered are as follows:
Wet rawmills.
Wet grinding is more efficient than dry grinding because water coats the newly formed surfaces of broken particles and prevents re-agglomeration. The process of blending and homogenizing the rawmix is also much easier when it is in slurry form. The disadvantage is that the water in the resultant slurry has to be removed subsequently, and this usually requires a lot of energy. While energy was cheap, wet grinding was common, but since 1970 the situation has changed dramatically, and new wet process plant is now rarely installed. Wet grinding is performed by two distinct means: washmills and ballmills.
Washmill.
This represents the earliest rawmilling technology, and was used to grind soft materials such as chalk and clay. It is rather similar to a food processor. It consists of a large bowl (up to 15 m in diameter) into which the crushed (to less than 250 mm) raw materials are tipped along with a stream of water. The material is stirred by rotating sets of harrows. The outside walls of the bowl consist of gratings or perforated plates through which fine product can pass. Grinding is largely autogenous (i.e. it takes place by collision between lumps of raw material), and is very efficient, producing little waste heat, provided that the materials are soft. Typically two or three washmills are connected in series, these being provided with successively smaller outlet perforations. The entire system can produce slurry with the expenditure of as little as 5 kW·h of electricity per dry tonne. Relatively hard minerals (such as flint) in the mix, are more or less untouched by the grinding process, and settle out in the base of the mill, from where they are periodically dug out.
Ballmills and washdrums.
The ballmill allows grinding of the harder limestones that are more common than chalk. A ballmill consists of a horizontal cylinder that rotates on its axis. It holds spherical, cylindrical or rod-like grinding media of size 15–100 mm that may be steel or a variety of ceramic materials, and occupy 20–30% of the mill volume. The shell of the mill is lined with steel or rubber plates. Grinding is effected by impact and attrition between the grinding media. The various mineral components of the rawmix are fed to the mill at a constant rate along with water, and the slurry runs from the outlet end. The washdrum has a similar concept, but contains little or no grinding media, grinding being autogenous, by the cascading action of the larger raw material pieces. It is suitable for soft materials, and particularly for flinty chalk, where the unground flint acts as grinding media.
Slurry fineness and moisture content.
It is essential that large particles (> 150 μm for calcium carbonate and > 45 μm for quartz) should be eliminated from the rawmix, to facilitate chemical combination in the kiln. In the case of slurries, larger particles can be removed by hydrocyclones or sieving devices. These require a certain amount of energy, supplied by high pressure pumping. This process, and the moving and blending of the slurry, require careful control of the slurry viscosity. Clearly, a thinner slurry is easily obtained by adding more water, but at the expense of high energy consumption for its subsequent removal. In practice, the slurry is therefore made as thick as the plant equipment can handle. Cement rawmix slurries are Bingham plastics which can also exhibit thixotropic or rheopectic behaviour. The energy needed to pump slurry at a desired rate is controlled mainly by the slurry's yield stress, and this in turn varies more or less exponentially with the slurry solids/liquid ratio. In practice, deflocculants are often added in order to maintain pumpability at low moisture contents. Common deflocculants used (at typical dose rates of 0.005–0.03%) are sodium carbonate, sodium silicate, sodium polyphosphates and lignosulfonates. Under favourable circumstances, pumpable slurries with less than 25% water can be obtained.
Rawmixes frequently contain minerals of contrasting hardness, such as calcite and quartz. Simultaneous grinding of these in a rawmill is inefficient, because the grinding energy is preferentially used in grinding the softer material. This results in a large amount of excessively fine soft material, which "cushions" the grinding of the harder mineral. For this reason, sand is sometimes ground separately, then fed to the main rawmill as a fine slurry.
Dry rawmills.
Dry rawmills are the normal technology installed today, allowing minimization of energy consumption and CO2 emissions. In general, cement raw materials are mainly quarried, and so contain a certain amount of natural moisture. Attempting to grind a wet material is unsuccessful because an intractable "mud" forms. On the other hand, it is much easier to dry a fine material than a coarse one, because large particles hold moisture deep in their structure. It is therefore usual to simultaneously dry and grind the materials in the rawmill. A hot-air furnace may be used to supply this heat, but usually hot waste gases from the kiln are used. For this reason, the rawmill is usually placed close to the kiln preheater. Types of dry rawmill include ball mills, roller mills and hammer mills.
Ball mills.
These are similar to cement mills, but often with a larger gas flow. The gas temperature is controlled by cold-air bleeds to ensure a dry product without overheating the mill. The product passes into an air separator, which returns oversized particles to the mill inlet. Occasionally, the mill is preceded by a hot-air-swept hammer mill which does most of the drying and produces millimetre-sized feed for the mill. Ball mills are rather inefficient, and typically require 10–20 kW·h of electric power to make a tonne of rawmix. The Aerofall mill is sometimes used for pre-grinding large wet feeds. It is a short, large-diameter semi-autogenous mill, typically containing 15% by volume of very large (130 mm) grinding balls. Feed can be up to 250 mm, and the larger chunks produce much of the grinding action. The mill is air-swept, and the fines are carried away in the gas stream. Crushing and drying are efficient, but the product is coarse (around 100 µm), and is usually re-ground in a separate ball mill.
Roller mills.
These are the standard form in modern installations, occasionally called vertical spindle mills. In a typical arrangement, the material is fed onto a rotating table, onto which steel rollers press down. A high velocity of hot gas flow is maintained close to the dish so that fine particles are swept away as soon as they are produced. The gas flow carries the fines into an integral air separator, which returns larger particles to the grinding path. The fine material is swept out in the exhaust gas and is captured by a cyclone before being pumped to storage. The remaining dusty gas is usually returned to the main kiln dust control equipment for cleaning. Feed size can be up to 100 mm. Roller mills are efficient, using about half the energy of a ball mill, and there seems to be no limit to the size available. Roller mills with output in excess of 800 tonnes per hour have been installed. Unlike ball mills, feed to the mill must be regular and uninterrupted; otherwise damaging resonant vibration sets in.
Hammer mills.
Hammer mills (or "crusher driers") swept with hot kiln exhaust gases have limited application where a soft, wet raw material is being ground. The simple design means that it can be operated at a higher temperature than other mills, giving it high drying capacity. However, the grinding action is poor, and the product is often re-ground in a ball mill.

</doc>
<doc id="9732629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732629" title="Matt Bielby">
Matt Bielby

Matt Bielby is a magazine editor based in the UK. He is best known for launching and editing many successful titles in assorted markets during the 1990s, mostly on the subjects of computer and video games, and film and television. These include ".net", "Amiga Power", "Super Play" and "PC Gamer".
Biography.
Early life.
Bielby was born in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, in 1965, and spent most of his early life in Bradford, West Yorks, where he attended Bradford Grammar School.
Career.
Developing an interest in journalism, and magazines in particular, he was film editor of the University of Nottingham student newspaper, Impact, before getting a job at Emap in London in February 1988, as staff writer on "Computer and Video Games" magazine. By the end of 1988 he was deputy editor of "Your Sinclair" magazine at Dennis Publishing, also in London, and became editor in early 1989. 
In 1990 Bielby moved to Bath, when "Your Sinclair" was bought by Bath-based Future Publishing, and there he became part of Future's growth during the 1990s. There, Bielby launched the computer games magazine "Amiga Power" (1991), the Nintendo video games magazine "Super Play" (1992), the computer games magazine "PC Gamer" (1993), the internet magazine ".net" (1994), the SF and fantasy magazine "SFX" (1995), the movie magazine "Total Film" (1996), the computer and video game magazine "Arcade" (1998), and the video game magazine "Official UK PlayStation 2 Magazine" (2000). Most of these titles became the best sellers in their particular markets, with the exception of "Total Film", which established itself as the No.2 title in its market, after Emap's "Empire". 
In addition, Bielby spent six months in Greensboro, North Carolina, USA, launching the US edition of "PC Gamer" (1994), and some time in Munich, Germany in the late 1990s, helping set up Future's German subsidiary. Further, as Group Senior Editor at the company, he oversaw the launches and relaunches of many other magazines, while in a short stint as an Assistant Publisher he worked on titles such as "PC Plus" and "PC Answers". 
Since leaving Future in 2001, Bielby worked as a freelance journalist at assorted companies, including Emap, Future, and Highbury House, usually in the development of new projects. One of these went on to become "Zoo" (2004), EMAP's weekly men's magazine.
Blackfish Publishing.
In 2006, Bielby launched his own publishing company, Blackfish Publishing, which published the magazines "Death Ray" and "Filmstar". "Death Ray" was a science fiction and fantasy title, created as a rival to Future Publishing's market-leading "SFX". Bielby repeatedly talks positively about "SFX" throughout the first issue of "Death Ray". "Death Ray" ceased publication in October 2009.
Matt has recently begun contributing to Future titles again, editing an "SFX" spin-off called "Comic Heroes".

</doc>
<doc id="9732647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732647" title="Professional Insurance Agents">
Professional Insurance Agents

Professional Insurance Agents Ltd (PIA) is a specialist professional indemnity, intellectual property and directors and officers' insurance brokerage.
The company was formed on 20 January 1995 from a management buyout of the professional indemnity insurance account held by East Sussex Finance & Insurance Services Ltd, who had been offering professional indemnity and directors and officers' insurance to clients for more than eight years. All the existing brokers and staff from that department transferred to the new company, PIA.
PIA currently operates over 100 websites and has its own custom built video chat system, called LiveBroker, which allows clients to talk to brokers live over the Internet at no cost.

</doc>
<doc id="9732664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732664" title="SM U-9">
SM U-9

SM "U-9" was a German Type U 9 U-boat. She was one of 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy, and engaged in the commerce war ("Handelskrieg") during World War I. Her construction was ordered on and her keel was laid down by Kaiserliche Werft in Danzig. She was launched on and commissioned on .
Service History.
On the crew of "U-9" reloaded her torpedo tubes while submerged, the first time any submarine had succeeded in doing so. On , Kapitänleutnant Otto Weddigen took command. On 22 September, while patrolling the Broad Fourteens, a region of the southern North Sea, "U-9" found a squadron of three obsolescent British "Cressy"-class armoured cruisers (, , and ), (sardonically nicknamed the "Live Bait Squadron") which had been assigned to prevent German surface vessels from entering the eastern end of the English Channel. She fired all six of her torpedoes, reloading while submerged, and sank all three in less than an hour. 1,459 British sailors died. It was one of the most notable submarine actions of all time. Members of the Admiralty who had considered submarines mere toys no longer expressed that opinion after this event.
On 15 October, "U-9" sank the protected cruiser .
On , Johannes Spieß relieved Weddigen, and commanded "U-9" until . During this period, she sank 13 ships totalling : 10 small fishing vessels and three British steamers ("Don", "Queen Wilhelmina" and "Serbino").
After April 1916, she was withdrawn from front-line duties to be used for training.
"U-9" and the raider were the only ships which Kaiser Wilhelm II awarded an Iron Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="9732724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732724" title="Kelly &amp; Duke">
Kelly &amp; Duke

Kelly & Duke was a daily and Sunday comic strip drawn and written by Jack Moore and syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate. It began in 1972, then known as Kelly, but changed to "Kelly & Duke" title in 1974.
The strip centers around a boy named Kelly, whose pet and best friend is Duke, an anthropomorphic dog with a Southern accent. The strip's cast was made up with Roscoe, a beatnik cat.
While the strip was not as popular as Universal's earlier comic "Doonesbury", it had enough fanbase to place the comic in a "cult" status.
There were no book collections of "Kelly and Duke", although a children's book based on the strip, "What is God's Area Code?", was published in 1974 as part of the Cartoon Stories for the New Children
The strip ended its run in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="9732739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732739" title="Gianni De Biasi">
Gianni De Biasi

Gianni De Biasi (born Giovanni De Biasi on 16 June 1956 in Sarmede, Treviso) is an Italian football coach and former player, who currently serves as head coach of Albania national team.
Playing career.
De Biasi, a midfielder, started his professional playing career for Inter Milan; he was part of the first team squad but, despite this, never played for the "nerazzurri" and was then loaned to Serie C team Reggiana in 1975 and newly promoted Serie A club Pescara Calcio one year later. He was sold to Brescia in 1977 as partial compensation for the signing of Evaristo Beccalossi by Inter. De Biasi played in Brescia for five seasons, only one of them in Serie A. He then moved to Palermo in 1983, but abruptly left it three years later following the cancellation of the Sicilian club in the summer of 1986. This was followed by a single season with Vicenza and two Serie C2 seasons for Treviso. De Biasi retired from active football in 1990, after a Serie D season with Bassano.
Coaching career.
Clubs.
In 1990, De Biasi became youth team coach for Bassano; in 1991, he was appointed by Vicenza to coach the "allievi nazionali" youth squad. In 1992, De Biasi made his debut as first team coach, being boss of Serie C2 club Vastese (now Pro Vasto); this was followed by three seasons as Carpi boss. In 1996, De Biasi was appointed coach of Serie B club Cosenza, but was fired on Christmas' eve day. After a two-year spell at SPAL, De Biasi was contacted and hired by Serie C1 club Modena on 2000; with the "canarini", De Biasi obtained two consecutive promotions that brought Modena back in Serie A after 38 years. He left Modena in 2003, after having led his club to a good 13th place in the Serie A table, and signed for Brescia, where he had the opportunity to coach Roberto Baggio in his last playing season. He was sacked during the 2004/2005 season.
In 2005, Torino F.C. of Serie B appointed De Biasi as head coach, offering him a squad quickly built in a very few days following the cancellation of the old Torino Calcio club and the forming of a new society, owned by Urbano Cairo. Under De Biasi, Torino obtained immediate Serie A promotion, after having defeated Mantova on play-offs. De Biasi, initially confirmed as head coach also for the 2006/2007 Serie A campaign, was however sacked three days before the first matchday and replaced by Alberto Zaccheroni. On 26 February 2007 Torino FC chairman Cairo decided to sack Zaccheroni too and recall De Biasi at the helm of the "granata", leading them to escape from relegation.
After several rumours regarding a possible move to La Liga side Levante UD, he was announced on 9 October 2007 to have reached an agreement with the Spanish side, where he will join fellow Italians Damiano Tommasi, Christian Riganò, Marco Storari and Bruno Cirillo. He did not manage to save the club from relegation, mainly because of financial struggles which questioned the club's own survival and led to sell several key players during the January transfer window. Despite the lack of top-quality players and as the risk of bankruptcy loomed, he led the team to some unexpected victories, displaying linearity and tactical discipline that gained him the love of the Spanish fans and esteem of the critics: in one of its editions, the popular sports daily “As” declared him the best coach in the championship
On 16 April 2008 he was announced by Torino to replace Walter Novellino for the five final matchdays, with the aim to save the club from relegation once again. Once again, De Biasi saved the team. On 8 December 2008 he was sacked after fifteen matches, blamed by the team's manager for the fact that Torino was once again struggling to avoid relegation. However, despite hiring and then dismissing a second and then a third coach, the team was still relegated at the end of the championship.
On 22 December 2009 Udinese dismissed manager Pasquale Marino and appointed De Biasi to take charge of the struggling team from North-Eastern Italy. However, results did not particularly improve under his tenure as head coach, and De Biasi himself was removed from his post on 21 February 2010 with Marino being named back at the helm of the club.
Albania national team.
On 14 December 2011, De Biasi was named as the successor to Josip Kuže in charge of the Albanian national side. De Biasi has proved to be pivotal in convincing to play for Albania promising players such as Mërgim Mavraj and Edgar Çani, who had previously refused the national team, but were convinced by De Biasi's project. De Biasi also has tried to get into the national team Migjen Basha, who had been refused clearance by Switzerland, as he had been capped with the Switzerland national under-21 football team earlier, but who had declared that he would play only for Albania. In May 2012, in two friendlies played by Albania against Iran and Qatar, De Biasi launched young players such as Hair Zeqiri, Mërgim Brahimi, and Etrit Berisha, whereas in the friendly against Moldova, scheduled on 16 August 2012, he convocated three young players, Erjon Dushku, Erjon Vuçaj, and Renato Arapi.
The first match in the qualifiers of the 2014 World Cup was a win for De Biasi: Albania played against Cyprus and the result was a 3–1 win with goals of Sadiku (who had been launched in the national team by De Biasi), Çani, and Bogdani. The two last goals for Albania came on the 84th and 88th minutes by substitutes Çani and Bogdani, whereas Çani's assist came from the other substitute, Hyka. This match saw two newcomers to the Albania's midfield, Alban Meha and Burim Kukeli, who played for the entire match. Meha was the assistman of Albania's first goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9732752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732752" title="Robin Ramsay (actor)">
Robin Ramsay (actor)

Robin Ramsay (born 31 May 1937 in Melbourne) is an Australian television, film and stage actor. He is the grandson of Kiwi shoe polish founder William Ramsay and father of Robina Ramsay, an internationally ranked dressage rider, and Dr Tamasin Ramsay.
Career.
Ramsay studied at London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, graduating in 1957. He worked briefly for the BBC then returned to Australia. He joined the fledgling Union Theatre Company in Melbourne, whose members included Zoe Caldwell and Barry Humphries. He starred in the first Adelaide Festival in 1960, in "Moon on a Rainbow Shawl".
He went to the United States in 1961 and joined the Theatre Company of Boston. He then toured the country in The National Repertory Theatre, with Eva Le Gallienne and Faye Emerson.
In 1964 he took the role of Fagin in the hit musical "Oliver!" on Broadway, a role he played for a further two years in New York, followed by a record-breaking national tour. He shared the bill with the Beatles, singing a song from the musical in a subsequently memorable edition of The Ed Sullivan Show. In 1966 Ramsay recreated his role of Fagin for a West End revival of "Oliver!", with Marti Webb as Nancy.
Returning to Australia, Ramsay's role as Charlie Cousens, the dodgy real estate agent in "Bellbird", Australia's first successful television soap opera, garnered him considerable public notice. A regular character on the show from August 1967, Ramsay decided to leave in May 1968 to take the role of Fagin in a Japanese stage production of "Oliver!".
When the show's producers decided to kill off his character, staging what has been described as "one of the most-watched and best-remembered moments in Australian TV history", fans wrote protesting his death and even sent flowers to his funeral.
Ramsay returned to the theatre playing the controversial priest Daniel Berriganin the Trial of the Catonsville Nine in Sydney. He went on to play Pontius Pilate in 's original production of Jesus Christ Superstar. He was in the first production at the opening of the Sydney Opera House in 1972: playing MacHeath in The Threepenny Opera. Polly Peachum was played by Pamela Stephenson. Ramsay spent the next few years as a leading actor with the Sydney Theatre Company the Melbourne Theatre Company, and working in film and television. He has twice won the Melbourne Critics Circle Award for Best Actor. He was in "Medea" the opening production of the Melbourne Arts Centre, playing opposite Zoe Caldwell.
In 1977, with Rodney Fisher, he developed his first solo show, drawn from the writings of Henry Lawson, "The Bastard From The Bush". This refocusing on Lawson as a sophisticated short-story writer and diarist, rather than as a 'bush poet', radically altered Australia's view of their favourite icon. The play toured to Riverside Studios in London, and played extended seasons at Sydney's Belvoir Street Theatre and the Victorian Arts Centre. The production won the Australian Arts Award
In the early 1980s Ramsay was commissioned to create a new solo show celebrating the life and times of Rabindranath Tagore, India's Nobel Prize-winning poet: titled "Borderland". The invitation came from the Indian High Commission in Canberra. The play was performed in Australia, then toured to more than 60 countries in support of the Brahma Kumaris, in tandem with "The Bastard From The Bush". The tour was sponsored by the Australian Government, the British Council and the Indian Government.
Ramsay then formed his own chamber theatre company, "Open Secret", and continued touring internationally, developing new productions, notably Vikram Seth's "Beastly Tales from Here and There" and incorporating local musicians into the company's presentations. His new solo play "The Accidental Mystic", high times on the Indian ashram trail, written by his wife Barbara Bossert, opened at Melbourne's Malthouse Theatre in 1995, after seasons in Sydney and the Edinburgh Festival. The play toured to London and throughout India. Ramsay was nominated for a Melbourne Critics Circle Best Actor Award for his performance.
In 1994 he played Julie Christie's husband, Wilf Barlow, in the miniseries "Dada is Death", and toured to the Tokyo International Theatre Festival with the Playbox Theatre.
In 2008 he produced and directed the feature film "Tao of the Traveller", a spiritual adventure film which won a Best Film Award at the South African International Film Festival 2008, and has been selected for screening at the British Film Festival Los Angeles 2009, Egypt International Film Festival 2009, Thailand International Film Festival 2009, and Swansea Bay International Film Festival 2009. In 2008 the film was also invited to the Fallbrook Film Festival in California, and won awards in the Research and Experimental categories at the Accolade Film Festival.
Ramsay became interested in Eastern spiritual matters in the 1960s and studied Taoism and Buddhism and many of the mystical poets such as Rumi, Tagore and Hafiz. During the 1980s, he came across the teachings of Brother Lekhraj Kripalani, now formalised as the Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University, while still performing with "Open Secret". From 2001–2006 he lived at a Brahma Kumaris retreat centre near Wilton New South Wales. Ramsay recreated his Tagore show Borderland in London, as part of the Brahma Kumaris contribution to the Lord Mayor of London's "India Now" celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="9732766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732766" title="Speak Education">
Speak Education

Speak Education (owned by European Language Group) is a Scandinavian group of companies working both with non-profit and for-profit exchange programs across the world. Speak Education operates in Scandinavia, the UK and USA. With natural access to countries with an advanced degree of English skills, Speak Education is a major sponsor of student travelers in the fast changing world of global education.
With the fast increasing growth of the European Union, Speak Education is looking to be able to take part in creating a better understanding between the peoples of the world.
Recently there has been controversy surrounding the safety for students going to the US, specially concerning in what degree exchange organizations are able to guarantee a good home (family) for the students, and their will to support the students if they face problems in foreign countries. Speak is currently working with the US State Department in improving the program structures for greater student safety and protection.

</doc>
<doc id="9732769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732769" title="Sibylla of Armenia">
Sibylla of Armenia

Sibylla of Armenia (c. 1240 – 1290) was the daughter of Queen Isabella of Armenia and king Hethoum I of Armenia and was a member of the Hetoumid family.
She was married in 1254 to Bohemond VI of Antioch. Antioch itself was eliminated when conquered by the Egyptian Mamluks in 1268. Bohemond VI then continued with the title of Prince of Antioch, though Antioch was no more. He also maintained the title of Count of Tripoli.
When Bohemond VI died, his heir Bohemond VII was only 14 years old, so Sibylla took over the regency for him. The regency was also claimed by Hugh I of Jerusalem, but Sibylla retained her position.
When Bohemund died, he was succeeded by his sister Lucia of Tripoli. Since the people of Tripoli were not pleased with having a foreign ruler, they offered Sibylla the county of Tripoli. This offer was withdrawn later and Lucia became princess and countess. Sibylla then withdrew to her brother Leo's court in Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="9732783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732783" title="Gundruk">
Gundruk

Gundruk (, ) is fermented leafy green vegetable and is a popular food in Nepal and claimed to be one of the national dishes. It is popular not only in Nepal but also in the every gorkhali or Nepalese diaspora household worldwide. The annual production of gundruk in Nepal is estimated at 2,000 tons and most of the production is carried out at the household level. Gundruk is obtained from the fermentation of leafy vegetables ("saag"; ). It is served as a side dish with the main meal and is also used as an appetizer. Gundruk is an important source of minerals particularly during the off-season when the diet consists of mostly starchy tubers and maize which tend to be low in minerals.
Raw material preparation.
In the months of October and November, during the harvest of the first broad mustard, radish and cauliflower leaves, large quantities of leaves accumulate — much more than can be consumed fresh. These leaves are allowed to wilt for one or two days and then shredded with a knife or sickle.
Not only the leaves of the radish, the roots are also used to make a better quality gundruk. The roots of radish can be mixed with the leaves and smashed together. When it is smashed, care should be taken not to make pieces too small. In mountainous regions of central part of Nepal, the smashed radish and leaves are put into an earthenwares, compressed, and the mouth of container is closed tightly. It is then buried in safe and sunny place. It may be placed in an open place. After a few days, the acidity can be tasted or when it is ready, it can readily be known from its smell as well.It is then dried in sunlight. Thus made gundruk is more tasty, more flavorous and more acidic.
In some places, Gundruk is prepared by storing it under dung ("Malkhaato")
Processing.
The shredded leaves are tightly packed in an earthenware pot, and warm water (at about 30°C) is added to cover all the leaves. The pot is then kept in a warm place. After seven days, a mild acidic taste indicates the end of fermentation and the gundruk is removed and sun-dried. This process is similar to sauerkraut production except that no salt is added to the shredded leaves before the start of gundruk fermentation. The ambient temperature at the time of fermentation is about 18°C. "Pediococcus" and "Lactobacillus" species are the predominant microorganisms active during gundruk fermentation. During fermentation, the pH drops slowly to a final value of 4.0 and the amount of acid (as lactic) increases to about 1% on the sixth day. It has been found that a disadvantage with the traditional process of gundruk fermentation is the loss of 90% of the carotenoids, probably during sun-drying. Improved methods of drying might reduce the vitamin loss.

</doc>
<doc id="9732810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732810" title="Ira Jacknis">
Ira Jacknis

Ira Jacknis is an American anthropologist who studies Native American art of the Northwest Coast.
He is currently based at the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley where he has been since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9732824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732824" title="Robin Ramsay">
Robin Ramsay

Robin Ramsay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9732830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732830" title="St Aubin on the Hill">
St Aubin on the Hill

St Aubin on the Hill is an Anglican church located in the Parish of St Brelade, Jersey, and is dedicated to Saint Aubin of Angers. Building of the present church began in 4 June 1889, with the laying of the foundation stone by the Bishop of Guildford. It was opened on 13 October 1892.
History.
Saint Aubin was a busy port at least as far back as the 16th century, with its own harbour and Court House. In 1747 a church was built at St Aubin, the first to be erected in the island since the Reformation. This was the result of a petition to the Bishop of Winchester from the merchants of St Aubin in which they made their case for the erection of a chapel of ease, in which they mentioned the difficulty of travelling to St Brelade, a distance of about two miles: "he road to the said Church is very difficult by reason of many rugged steep ascents and descents, and a great way of moving sands, and the said inhabitants are exposed to great fatigue by sheer scorching heat in the summer, and the storms of impetuous westerly winds which usually blows there in Winter …"
The original church was a square building which stood on the site of the present church car park. In 1888 it was pronounced unsafe. A meeting was held on 19 April 1889, and it was resolved that a committee be formed to collect funds and arrange the building of a new church. The foundation stone of the present building was laid by the Bishop of Guildford on 4 June 1889.
The granite of the old building was re-used and the funds raised (£2,500) also allowed extra columns, arches and windows in Mont Mado granite.
St Aubin on the Hill is very fine example of a Victorian Gothic style building. The small north window in the Lady Chapel is notable for being the only Pre-Raphaelite window in Jersey, created by the firm of William Morris from designs by Sir Edward Burne-Jones. At the north end of the nave, the altar which bears the logo of the St Brelade Group of Churches, and the platform on which it stands, were added in the 1980s under the curacy of Robert Booth. In the early part of 1992 further re-ordering saw the removal of a number of pews and the construction of a platform around the font at the south end.
There were no burials at St Aubin until the 1980s, when authority was granted by the Ecclesiastical Court of Jersey to allow the curate, the Reverend Robert Booth to inter some ashes which had been sent for burial from England.

</doc>
<doc id="9732833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732833" title="Soccer America Player of the Year Award">
Soccer America Player of the Year Award

Beginning in 1984, Soccer America Magazine began naming a college player of the year. At the time "Soccer America" was the best source for U.S. soccer, especially collegiate soccer which was rarely covered by the national news services. Consequently, its end of year awards have been recognized as among the most important and are listed by the NCAA in its official awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9732854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732854" title="Joe Philbin">
Joe Philbin

Joseph "Joe" Philbin (born July 2, 1961) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach of the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League.
Early life.
Philbin was born in Springfield, Massachusetts to Paul and Mary Philbin. He attended Longmeadow High School and did a post-grad year at Worcester Academy. He graduated from Washington & Jefferson College in 1984, where he obtained a B.A. in sociology and played one year on the football team. He was a member of the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. He pursued a master's of education in administration and supervision from Tulane University in 1986.
Coaching career.
College.
From 1984-2002, Philbin coached at the collegiate level. As the offensive coordinator, he helped win a national championship with Allegheny College in 1990. In 1998, he was offered the position of head football coach at his alma mater, Washington & Jefferson, but turned down the position to coach at Iowa. He served under Kirk Ferentz at Iowa from 1999-2002.
Green Bay Packers.
In 2003, Philbin joined the Green Bay Packers coaching staff. He spent nine years in Green Bay. During his tenure as offensive coordinator (2007–2011), the Packers offense ranked in the top 10 in the NFL for points scored and total yards every year, including their Super Bowl season. 
Miami Dolphins.
On January 20, 2012, Philbin was named the tenth head coach of the Miami Dolphins, beating out interim coach Todd Bowles and Denver Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy, who were the other two finalists for the job. Philbin praised the Dolphins as a team with a "strong nucleus to build around," and the "passion" of the fans, players and management. Dolphins owner Stephen Ross stated that Joe Philbin has all of the attributes that he was looking for in a head coach. His current overall coaching record is 15-17.
Personal life.
Philbin is married to Diane Marie Philbin (née Donahue). Their son, Michael, was reported missing on January 8, 2012. The following evening, a body pulled from the Fox River in Oshkosh was confirmed to be 21-year-old Michael Philbin. Toxicology results later showed that Michael had been under the influence of alcohol at the time of his death. Philbin and his wife have five other children.

</doc>
<doc id="9732866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732866" title="Tulou">
Tulou

A tulou (), or "earthen building", is a traditional communal residence found in Fujian Province South China, usually of a circular configuration surrounding a central shrine. These vernacular structures were occupied by clan groups. 
Although most tulou were of earthen construction, the definition "tulou" is a broadly descriptive label for a building type and does not indicate construction type. Some were constructed of cut granite or had substantial walls of fired brick. Most large-scale tulou seen today were built of a composite of earth, sand, and lime known as sanhetu rather than just earth. The tulou is often three to four stories high. Often they would store food on the higher floors.
Due to their unorthodox and strange appearance from the outside they were once mistaken for missile silos by the Americans during the cold war.
The noted Fujian Tulou, designated as UNESCO World Heritage site in 2008, is a small and specialized subgroup of tulou, known for their unique shape, large scale, and ingenious structure. There are more than 20,000 tulou in southern Fujian. Approximately 3,000 of them are Fujian Tulou, that is 15% of tulou belongs to Fujian Tulou category.

</doc>
<doc id="9732886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732886" title="Adam Hildreth">
Adam Hildreth

Adam Hildreth (born 25 March 1985 in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England) setup his first company, Dubit Limited when he was 14. [http://www.dubitlimited.com] Dubit Limited went onto become one of the biggest teenage websites in the UK and now markets itself as a 'Youth Marketing Agency', advising major brands on how to market their products to young people.
Hildreth's latest venture is [http://www.crispthinking.com] Crisp Thinking, which develops online child protection technology. The company claims to work closely with both Internet Service Providers and child protection organisations to develop solutions that protect children and teenagers from 'online grooming'.
He was reportedly worth £2m in the 2004 UK top 20 richest teens list and the current (2008) Sunday Times Rich List ranks Hildreth as 23rd in the 100 richest young people in the UK based on a valuation of £25m.
In a study of British Millionaires of the Future Adam was predicted to be worth £40m by the year 2020.
Hildreth was named the CBI's Young Entrepreneur of the Year at the end of 2006, which was awarded to him by Duncan Bannatyne and Peter Jones from BBC's "Dragons' Den" programme.
Life and career.
In 1999 he founded Dubit with 7 friends, making the "Guinness Book of Records" for being the youngest group of directors in the UK.
In 2003 he won an Achievement in Information Technology at the Yorkshire Young Achievers Awards
In 2005 he started Crisp Thinking, which develops child protection technology for Internet Service Providers.
In 2006 he won the CBI's Young Entrepreneur of the Year accolade at the 2006 Growing Business Awards for his development of Crisp Thinking and its products. He was presented the award at a ceremony compared by Rt Hon. William Hague MP.
In 2010 he was a Regional Winner for Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year UK.
Television, film, and print.
He has been on a number of television shows including BBC2's "Working Lunch", "The Big Breakfast", BBC News 24 and BBC1's "Beat the Boss".

</doc>
<doc id="9732945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732945" title="List of comics based on films">
List of comics based on films

This is a list of comics based on films. Often a film becomes successful, popular or attains cult status and the franchise produces spin-offs that often include comics. The comics can be direct adaptations of the film or a continuation of the story using the characters, or both.
Comics also allow a degree of flexibility which can result in crossovers with other film characters as well as those from comics. In particular, the "Aliens" and "Predator" comics have crossed over with The Terminator, Superman, Batman, Judge Dredd and Green Lantern.
There are a number of companies that specialise in licensed properties, including Dark Horse, Titan, Avatar and Dynamite Entertainment. With the bigger series the license can often pass between a number of companies over the history of the title.
Comics.
Comics based on films include:

</doc>
<doc id="9732948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732948" title="Rickenbacker 360/12">
Rickenbacker 360/12

The Rickenbacker 360/12 is an electric guitar made by the Rickenbacker company; it was among the first electric twelve-string guitars. This instrument is visually similar to the Rickenbacker 360. Rickenbacker uses an innovative headstock design that incorporates both a slotted-style peghead and a solid peghead, thereby eliminating the need for the larger headstock normally associated with a twelve-string guitar.
Another feature unique to Rickenbacker twelve-strings is the ordering of the courses. Most twelve-strings have the octave course on the bass side of the standard course; Rickenbacker reverses this convention. This feature along with the semi-hollow body design and thru-body neck structure contribute to its unique timbre. The 360/12 was given worldwide attention by George Harrison, who used it on many Beatles recordings, introducing the distinctive new sound of this guitar on "I Call Your Name" in March 1964.
Origin.
Rickenbacker began developing its electric twelve-string in 1963. The folk music revival of the early '60s witnessed a surge in the popularity of acoustic twelve-string guitars, but the electric variety was still rare. The company created three prototypes, all incorporating the unique headstock design submitted by employee Dick Burke. The design features three tuners on each side mounted as on a standard guitar, with the tuner posts projecting out from the face of the headstock. Two parallel channels are machined into the face of the headstock, reminiscent of the slots in the headstock of a classical guitar, but cut only halfway through the headstock.
Three more Kluson tuners are attached to each side of the headstock. The knobs of the tuners project towards the rear of the headstock, and the posts transsect the slots in the headstock. The original tuners (machines) were Kluson brand. This innovation minimizes the size of the headstock, and keeps the instrument from feeling "head-heavy" in the player's hands. It is also one of the very few twelve string guitars to use a conventional width six-string neck, making it somewhat more difficult to play cleanly for those with large hands/fingers, as the string courses are much closer together than they would normally be on most twelve string guitars. The Rickenbacker 360/12 was produced with standard f holes rather than the characteristic 'slash; of the originals.
Rickenbacker gave the first of these prototypes to Suzy Arden, a Las Vegas country music entertainer. Another prototype was featured at a special display at the Savoy Hilton hotel in New York City in 1964. This display was a showcase for The Beatles, who were in town to play on The Ed Sullivan Show. Despite missing the display due to illness, George Harrison ended up with the twelve-string prototype. His prominent use of the instrument in the film A Hard Day's Night led to high demand for Rickenbacker's twelve-string.
Harrison loved the 360/12, and while he moved on to other guitars as his "main" instrument, he retained his affection for the 360-12, once calling it "the only 12 string you can change a string on when you're drunk." He brought his original 360/12 out of retirement to use on his album "Cloud 9". Harrison was presented a new style 360/12 in a Fireglo (red sunburst) finish by B-Sharp Music of Minneapolis, MN during the Beatles' only Minnesota appearance at Metropolitan Stadium (Bloomington, MN) in August 1965, which he used on the "Rubber Soul" and "Revolver" albums. The guitar has never been seen or mentioned since the group's 1966 US tour, with speculation that it was stolen.
When production began in 1964, Rickenbacker changed some features from those of the prototype. The edge of the body was rounded off around the top of the guitar, and white plastic binding was added to the soundhole. Production models retained the prototypes' use of the rectangular trapeze tailpiece until late 1964, when twelve-string models were fitted with Rickenbacker's "R" tailpiece. The last 360/12 OS was produced in Fireglo and made in December 1968 S/N HL1725.(Ref. R.Smith) After 1969, the 360/12 gained a 24-fret neck instead of the traditional 21-fret neck. Three models were produced: the two-pickup 360/12, the three-pickup 370/12 (favored by Roger McGuinn of the The Byrds) and the 450/12, a two-pickup solidbody.
The distinctive "jangly" sound of the Rickenbacker 360/12, while approached by other electric twelve strings, has a uniqueness of tone that is unavailable in other guitars of the same type, making it a high-value commodity to musicians attempting to get that particular sound. It continues to sell well to the end of 2007.
A notable variant of the 360/12 was the Model 366, that took a standard 360/12 and added a convertible comb device to the body used to clamp the octave strings down against the fretboard, effectively muting them on the fly for obtaining a conventional six string sound from the same instrument during live performances.

</doc>
<doc id="9732949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732949" title="German submarine U-9 (1935)">
German submarine U-9 (1935)

The German submarine "U-9" was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine". Her keel was laid down on 8 February 1935, by Germaniawerft in Kiel as 'werk' 543. She was launched on 30 July 1935 and commissioned on 21 August, with "Korvettenkapitän" Hans-Günther Looff in command.
"U-9" conducted 19 patrols under a series of commanders, including U-boat ace Wolfgang Lüth, sinking eight ships totalling 17,221 tons and damaging another displacing 412 tons. This included the French Sirène class coastal submarine .
Fate.
To serve in the 30th U-boat Flotilla, the submarine was transported overland and along the Danube to the Black Sea. At 10:30hrs on 20 August 1944, at Konstanza in Rumania in position , "U-9" was sunk by bombs from Soviet aircraft. The Soviets raised the boat and brought her into Mykolaiv in 1945. She was repaired and commissioned into the Soviet Navy as , but did not perform well and was broken up on 12 December 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="9732967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732967" title="Sana (river)">
Sana (river)

Sana is a river in the north-western part of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a tributary of the Una, into which it flows near Novi Grad. It is the longest of the nine rivers that flow through Sanski Most. 

</doc>
<doc id="9732994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9732994" title="RMJM">
RMJM

RMJM (Robert Matthew Johnson Marshall) is an international architectural practice founded in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1956 by architects Robert Matthew and Stirrat Johnson-Marshall. The first offices of the practice were its headquarters in Edinburgh, and another in London. In June 2007 RMJM purchased Princeton, New Jersey based Hillier Architecture, forming a company with 1,200 employees. Later in December 2011 RMJM acquired YRM which will allow the possibility of future expansion into the technologically intensive industries such as environmental engineering.
In its earlier years, RMJM designed in a functional modern style, with Matthews and Johnson-Marshall as strong proponents of the style in the United Kingdom. Today, RMJM provides architecture, master planning, design, and engineering consultancy services in several sectors including corporate and public, education, health and science, hospitality, transportation, and sports. RMJM currently operates out of offices in Istanbul, Dubai, Glasgow, Hong Kong, London, Moscow, New York, Shanghai, Singapore, St. Petersburg, Vladivostok and Washington D.C.
Restructuring and new offices.
In October 2012, RMJM's three UK business were restructured. RMJM, RMJM London and RMJM Scotland. KPMG were appointed to manage the restructure. A new business was set up to transfer the current contracts and associated architectural teams, known as RMJM European Division.
In March 2014 RMJM announced the extension of the global RMJM network, with new studios established in China, Pakistan, South Africa, and Bolivia.
In May 2014 RMJM established a joint venture with TÜMAŞ an engineering consultancy in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="9733029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733029" title="Alisport Silent Club">
Alisport Silent Club

__NOTOC__
The Silent Club is a single seater sailplane of Italian manufacture. It is of the FAI type DU Class glider. It is sold by Alisport ready-to-fly or kit-built as pure glider or self-launching glider. The self-launching version is fitted with a single-blade propeller belt-driven by a two-stroke engine or optionally by an electric motor. 
The electric version was the first production electric-powered commercially available aircraft and appeared in 1997. It is driven by a DC electric motor running on of batteries that provide 1.4 kWh of power.
The highly modified version, the Alisport Silent Club-J is a self-launching aerobatic jet motor glider shown on the U.S. airshow circuit and all over the world by Bob Carlton. It is powered by twin AMT-USA AT-450 jet engines (200 N (45 Lbf) of thrust each) originally developed for radio-controlled aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="9733035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733035" title="William Carruthers">
William Carruthers

William Carruthers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9733047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733047" title="Walter Taieb">
Walter Taieb

Walter Taieb (born February 13, 1973 in Paris France) is a French composer and conductor. 
Taieb is the composer of "The Alchemist's Symphony" with Juilliard professor Philip Lasser (1997) RCA Red Seal USA. Editions Alphonse Leduc France. He studied conducting with Rolf Reuter in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="9733059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733059" title="Aleipata Islands">
Aleipata Islands

The Aleipata Islands is a group of four uninhabited islands off the eastern end (the historical Aleipata region) of Upolu Island, Samoa, with an aggregate area of 1.68 km²):
Namua and Fanuatapu are at the outer edge of the fringing reef of Upolu, with distances of 0.7 km and 2.5 km to the Upolu mainland, respectively. Nu'utele and Nu'ulua are 4 to 6 km further south, outside of the fringing reef, at distances of 1.4 km 3.5 km off Cape Tapaga, the southeastern headland of Upolu.
These islets are remnants of eroded volcanic tuff rings. Only Namua is open for visitors (Namua Island Resort, beaches). Fanuatapu, being the easternmost island, has a lighthouse. The islands are important nesting locations for seabirds.

</doc>
<doc id="9733063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733063" title="La Plume de Ma Tante">
La Plume de Ma Tante


</doc>
<doc id="9733065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733065" title="Welsh Affairs Select Committee">
Welsh Affairs Select Committee

The Welsh Affairs Select Committee (or simply the 'Welsh Affairs Committee') is a select committee of the House of Commons in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The remit of the Committee is to examine the expenditure, administration and policy of the Wales Office, and relations with the Welsh Assembly.
Membership.
As of 3 December 2012, the members of the committee are as follows:
Source: Welsh Affairs Committee
Changes.
Occasionally, the House of Commons orders changes to be made in terms of membership of select committees, as proposed by the Committee of Selection. Such changes are shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="9733105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733105" title="Government College of Engineering, Amravati">
Government College of Engineering, Amravati

Government College of Engineering, Amravati (GCOEA) is one of the oldest engineering institutes in state of Maharashtra, India. It is located in Amravati. Beside engineering education, it is recognized research center for Ph.D. Programs in Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, Electronics and Computer Engineering for Amravati University. The student strength is around 1,700.
History.
Government College of Engineering, Amravati, was established in 1964 by the Government of Maharashtra, along with three other Government institutes at Pune, Aurangabad, and Karad. It was initially affiliated to Nagpur University and later on shifted to Amravati University in 1982. The Institute started with three basic disciplines Civil, Mechanical and Electrical Engineering initially. Subsequently degree programs in Electronic & Telecommunication, Computer Science & Engineering, Instrumentation Engineering and Information Technology were added as per the demand and requirements of the country. The institute started part-time post graduate course in Electrical Power System in 1986 and later added four P.G. Courses in Thermal Power Engineering, Environmental, Geotechnical, and Electronics Systems and Communication. The institute also offers seven full-time PG programs in Electrical Power Systems, Structures, Thermal Power Engineering., Environmental Engineering., Advanced Electronics, Computer Engineering and Geotechnical Engineering.
Campus.
College campus is spread over 114 acres of land on Amravati Walgaon road. Public Work Department is responsible for construction and maintenance of buildings. Every department has its own building, two boy’s hostel and a girl’s hostel. The institute has plans for five more department building of 9000 sq. m. area and two more hostels (for girls and boys each). College at present has 10Mbit/s connectivity having campus wide networking of 1000 nodes and also WiFi spread over entire campus covering all departments, hostels and residential areas.
Departments.
GCOEA provides undergraduate as well as postgraduate education. There are total seven branches, listed by order of establishment:
Academic autonomy.
The institute was granted Autonomy by UGC in 2005–06. All eligible programs have been accredited by NBA.
Rankings.
The institute was ranked 45 in "Outlook India" Top Engineering Colleges of 2012 and 68 in Dataquest's Top Engineering Colleges in India of 2011. Earlier it was ranked 5th in the list of top engineering colleges situated in the Western side of India (excluding IITs).The latest ranking of the DQ 2012 shows a steep jump of 33 spots, relative to previous ranking, to 35 
Cultural and Non Academic Activities.
The students are also encouraged for sports, extracurricular, and co curricular activities. Organizing technical festival called "Prajwalan" is a regular feature of the institute. Students have demonstrated excellence in University sports.
Facilities.
Based on the inputs from all stakeholders, the vision and mission is formulated to transform institute into a research institute with strong Undergraduate/Postgraduate programs and to become a center of excellence in teaching, research, innovations and management of technology of global standards,for the overall upliftment of society.
Hostel.
The college provides separate boys' and girls' hostels. There are three buildings named Jijau Girls Hostel (established in 1994, intake capacity of 248), Shayadri (established in 1981,intake capacity of 180) and Satpuda (established in 1980, intake capacity of 180) boys hostel. Hostel admission is merit based. Various facilities provided by hostel are mess, canteen, gymnasium and reading room. Activities conducted in hostel campus include Ganesh festival, Gokulashtami and Kojagiri.
See also.
Other Government Engg. Colleges(GECs) in MH

</doc>
<doc id="9733137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733137" title="Promela">
Promela

PROMELA (Process or Protocol Meta Language) is a verification modeling language introduced by Gerard J. Holzmann. The language allows for the dynamic creation of concurrent processes to model, for example, distributed systems. In PROMELA models, communication via message channels can be defined to be synchronous (i.e., rendezvous), or asynchronous (i.e., buffered). PROMELA models can be analyzed with the SPIN model checker, to verify that the modeled system produces the desired behavior.
Introduction.
PROMELA is a process modeling language whose intended use is to verify the logic of parallel systems. Given a program in PROMELA, Spin can verify the model for correctness by performing random or iterative simulations of the modeled system's execution, or it can generate a C program that performs a fast exhaustive verification of the system state space. During simulations and verifications SPIN checks for the absence of deadlocks, unspecified receptions, and unexecutable code. The verifier can also be used to prove the correctness of system invariants and it can find non-progress execution cycles. Finally, it supports the verification of linear time temporal constraints; either with Promela never-claims or by directly formulating the constraints in temporal logic. Each model can be verified with Spin under different types of assumptions about the environment. Once the correctness of a model has been established with Spin, that fact can be used in the construction and verification of all subsequent models.
PROMELA programs consist of "processes," "message channels", and "variables". Processes are global objects that represent the concurrent entities of the distributed system. Message channels and variables can be declared either globally or locally within a process. Processes specify behavior, channels and global variables define the environment in which the processes run.
Language reference.
Data types.
The basic data types used in PROMELA are presented in the table below. The sizes in bits are given for a PC i386/Linux machine.
The names codice_1 and codice_2 are synonyms for a single bit of information. A codice_3 is an unsigned quantity that can store a value between 0 and 255. shorts and codice_4s are signed quantities that differ only in the range of values they can hold.
Variables can also be declared as arrays. For example, the declaration:
declares an array of 10 integers that can be accessed in array subscript expressions like:
But the arrays can not be enumerated on creation, so they must be initialised as follows:
The index to an array can be any expression that determines a unique integer value. The effect of an index outside the range is undefined. Multi-dimensional arrays can be defined indirectly with the help of the codice_5 construct (see below).
Processes.
The state of a variable or of a message channel can only be changed or inspected by processes. The behavior of a process is defined by a "proctype" declaration. For example, the following declares a process type "A" with one variable state:
The "proctype" definition only declares process behavior, it does not execute it. Initially, in the PROMELA model, just one process will be executed: a process of type "init", that must be declared explicitly in every PROMELA specification.
New processes can be spawned using the "run" statement, which takes an argument consisting of the name of a "proctype", from which a process is then instantiated. The "run" operator can be used in the body of the "proctype" definitions, not only in the initial process. This allows for dynamic creation of processes in PROMELA.
An executing process disappears when it terminates—that is, when it reaches the end of the body in the "proctype" definition, and all child processes that it started have terminated.
A proctype may also be "active" (below).
Atomic construct.
By prefixing a sequence of statements enclosed in curly braces with the keyword codice_6, the user can indicate that the sequence is to be executed as one indivisible unit, non-interleaved with any other processes.
Atomic sequences can be an important tool in reducing the complexity of verification models. Note that atomic sequences restrict the amount of interleaving that is allowed in a distributed system. Intractable models can be made tractable by labeling all manipulations of local variables with atomic sequences.
Message passing.
Message channels are used to model the transfer of data from one process to another. They are declared either locally or globally, for instance as follows:
This declares a buffered channel that can store up to 16 messages of type "short" ("capacity" is 16 here).
The statement:
sends the value of the expression "expr" to the channel with name "qname", that is, it appends the value to the tail of the channel.
The statement:
receives the message, retrieves it from the head of the channel, and stores it in the variable msg. The channels pass messages in first-in-first-out order.
A rendezvous port can be declared as a message channel with the store length zero. For example, the following:
defines a rendezvous port that can pass messages of type codice_3. Message interactions via such rendezvous ports are by definition synchronous, i.e. sender or receiver (the one that arrives "first" at the channel) will block for the contender that arrives "second" (receiver or sender).
When a buffered channel has been filled to its capacity (sending is "capacity" number of outputs ahead of receiving inputs), the default behavior of the channel is to become synchronous, and the sender will block on the next sending. Observe that there is no common message buffer shared between channels. Increasing complexity, as compared to using a channel as unidirectional and point to point, it "is" possible to share channels between multiple receivers or multiple senders, and to merge independent data-streams into a single shared channel. From this follows that a single channel may also be used for bidirectional communication.
Control flow constructs.
There are three control flow constructs in PROMELA. They are the "case selection", the "repetition" and the "unconditional jump".
Case selection.
The simplest construct is the selection structure. Using the relative values of two variables "a" and "b", for example, one can write:
The selection structure contains two execution sequences, each preceded by a double colon. One sequence from the list will be executed. A sequence can be selected only if its first statement is executable. The first statement of a control sequence is called a guard.
In the example above, the guards are mutually exclusive, but they need not be. If more than one guard is executable, one of the corresponding sequences is selected non-deterministically. If all guards are unexecutable, the process will block until one of them can be selected. (Opposite, the occam "programming" language would "stop" or not be able to proceed on no executable guards.)
The consequence of the non-deterministic choice is that, in the example above, if A is true, "both choices may be taken". In "traditional" programming, one would understand an "if - if - else" structure sequentially. Here, the "if - double colon - double colon" must be understood as "any one being ready" and if none is ready, only then would the "else" be taken.
In the example above, value is non-deterministically given the value 3 or 4.
There are two pseudo-statements that can be used as guards: the "timeout" statement and the "else" statement. The "timeout" statement models a special condition that allows a process to abort the waiting for a condition that may never become true. The else statement can be used as the initial statement of the last option sequence in a selection or iteration statement. The "else" is only executable if all other options in the same selection are not executable. Also, the "else" may not be used together with channels.
Repetition (loop).
A logical extension of the selection structure is the repetition structure. For example:
describes a repetition structure in PROMELA. Only one option can be selected at a time. After the option completes, the execution of the structure is repeated. The normal way to terminate the repetition structure is with a "break" statement. It transfers the control to the instruction that immediately follows the repetition structure.
Unconditional jumps.
Another way to break a loop is the codice_8 statement. For example, one can modify the example above as follows:
The "goto" in this example jumps to a label named done. A label can only appear before a statement. To jump at the end of the program, for example, a dummy statement "skip" is useful: it is a place-holder that is always executable and has no effect.
Assertions.
An important language construct in PROMELA that needs a little explanation is the "assert" statement. Statements of the form:
are always executable. If a boolean condition specified holds, the statement has no effect. If, however, the condition does not necessarily hold, the statement will produce an error during verifications with Spin.
Complex data structures.
A PROMELA "typedef" definition can be used to introduce a new name for a list of data objects of predefined or earlier defined types. The new type name can be used to declare and instantiate new data objects, which can be used in any context in an obvious way:
The access to the fields declared in a "typedef" construction is done in the same manner as in C programming language. For example:
is a valid PROMELA sequence that assigns to the field "Field1" of the variable "x" the value "1".
Active proctypes.
The codice_9 keyword can be prefixed to any "proctype" definition. If the keyword is present, an instance of that proctype will be active in the initial system state. Multiple instantiations of that proctype can be specified with an optional array suffix of the keyword. Example:
Executability.
The semantics of "executability" provides the basic means in Promela for modeling process synchronizations.
In the example, the two processes P1 and P2 have non-deterministic choices of (1) input from the other or (2) output to the other. Two rendezvous handshakes are possible, or "executable", and one of them is chosen. This repeats forever. Therefore this model will not deadlock.
When Spin analyzes a model like the above, it will verify the choices with a non-deterministic algorithm, where all executable choices will be explored. However, when Spin's "simulator" visualizes possible non verified communication patterns, it may use a random generator to resolve the "non-deterministic" choice. Therefore the simulator may fail to show a bad execution (in the example, there is no bad trail). This illustrates a difference between verification and simulation.
In addition, it is also possible to generate executable code from Promela models using Refinement.
Keywords.
The following identifiers are reserved for use as keywords.

</doc>
<doc id="9733177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733177" title="Blackfish Publishing">
Blackfish Publishing

Blackfish Publishing was a magazine publishing company based in Bath, UK. Its first title was "Death Ray", a science fiction and fantasy title.
History.
Blackfish Publishing was founded in late 2006 by Matt Bielby, best known for his work at Future Publishing, also based in Bath, UK, where he worked on "Total Film", "PC Gamer" and "SFX". Blackfish's launches were "Death Ray", a science fiction and fantasy title intended to go head-to-head with the runaway market-leader, Future's "SFX" (which Bielby edited from 1995 to 1996) and "Filmstar", a general film magazine in competition with "Total Film" and "Empire". "Death Ray" launched in May 2007 and "Filmstar" in May 2009. The company logo was a deep sea angler fish, and the corporate motto was We Go Deeper.
In August 2008 Blackfish Publishing announced that it had been bought by Rebellion Developments, the video game producer who already publish "2000 AD" and Abaddon Books. "Death Ray" will change to a new format (longer but quarterly) and the changes will allow Blackfish to launch other monthly special-interest titles.
In October 2009, it was announced that Blackfish Publishing had split from Rebellion and that both "Death Ray" and "Filmstar" would cease production. Matt Bielby was quoted as saying: 
"I've got some sad news, I'm afraid. Blackfish Publishing is currently in the process of splitting from its parent company, the video game developer and publisher Rebellion, which means that the current issues of Filmstar and Death Ray magazines will, at the very least, be the last for some time."
The company was formally dissolved on the 7 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9733218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733218" title="List of comics based on television programs">
List of comics based on television programs

This is a list of comics based on television programs. Often a television program becomes successful, popular or attains cult status and the franchise produces spin-offs that often include comics.
There are a number of companies that specialise in licensed properties, including Gold Key Comics, Dark Horse Comics, Titan Books and Dynamite Entertainment. With the bigger series the license can often pass to a number of companies over the history of the title.
Comics.
Comics based on TV programs include:

</doc>
<doc id="9733256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733256" title="The Wilderness Years (Derry City F.C.)">
The Wilderness Years (Derry City F.C.)

The "wilderness years" was a period of time between 1972 and 1985 when the city of Derry, Northern Ireland was without a senior footballing side participating in a senior national league. 
Derry City F.C., the city's primary club since it was founded in 1928 and accepted into the Irish League in 1929, became victim to the 'Troubles' in the early 1970s when the police and the Irish Football League banned the use of their ground, the Brandywell near the notoriously volatile Bogside area, for security reasons. The club was forced into travelling an unsustainable journey to Coleraine to play their home games each week. The ground-ban continued despite police forces eventually ruling the area safe enough to visit for opposing team's fans. Derry was eventually voted out of the Irish League by what it perceived to have been a sectarian vendetta against a club based in a staunchly republican area in a mainly nationalist-Catholic city by a body which was traditionally seen as the footballing branch of unionism. Football supporters in the city often referred (and still do refer) to the period as the "wilderness years".
The club survived as a junior team contesting in the local leagues on a weekend morning basis until 1985 when it applied for entry into the newly formed First Division of the Republic of Ireland's League of Ireland. The application was accepted and the club, despite being from Northern Ireland, continued to play in the Republic's league structure until it folded in late 2009, shortly after being expelled from the League of Ireland for financial irregularities. Following a newly founded holding company taking hold of the rights of Derry City, the club were admitted into the First Division the next season, which they won at the first attempt.

</doc>
<doc id="9733327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733327" title="Blackwell channel">
Blackwell channel

The Blackwell channel is a deterministic broadcast channel model used in coding theory and information theory. It was first proposed by mathematician David Blackwell. In this model, a transmitter transmits one of three symbols to two receivers. For two of the symbols, both receivers receive exactly what was sent; the third symbol, however, is received differently at each of the receivers. This is one of the simplest examples of a non-trivial capacity result for a non-stochastic channel.
Definition.
The Blackwell channel is composed of one input (transmitter) and two outputs (receivers). The channel input is ternary (three symbols) and is selected from {0, 1, 2}. This symbol is broadcast to the receivers; that is, the transmitter sends one symbol simultaneously to both receivers. Each of the channel outputs is binary (two symbols), labeled {0, 1}.
Whenever a 0 is sent, both outputs receive a 0. Whenever a 1 is sent, both outputs receive a 1. When a 2 is sent, however, the first output is 0 and the second output is 1. Therefore, the symbol 2 is confused by each of the receivers in a different way.
The operation of the channel is memoryless and completely deterministic.
Capacity of the Blackwell channel.
The capacity of the channel was found by S. I. Gel'fand. It is defined by the region:
A solution was also found by Pinkser et al. (1995).

</doc>
<doc id="9733330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733330" title="Brad Thomas (cricketer)">
Brad Thomas (cricketer)

Bradley John Thomas (born 18 January 1972 in Hobart, Tasmania) is an Australian cricket player, who played a single first-class match and 3 List-A matches for Tasmania in 2001/02. 
Brad Thomas is a good middle-order allrounder, who has consistently been amongst the top performing players in the Tasmanian Grade Cricket competition playing for University of Tasmania Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9733353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733353" title="ISAA Goalkeeper of the Year">
ISAA Goalkeeper of the Year

The ISAA Goalkeeper of the Year was an annual award created by the Intercollegiate Soccer Association of America (ISAA) to recognize the best U.S. college soccer goalkeeper. The ISAA began naming an annual men's Goalkeeper of the Year in 1983. In 1986, the ISAA began naming a women's Goalkeeper of the Year and continued to award this honor for both men and women through the 1995 season, the last year that any player was named. The NCAA recognizes these players in its record books.
Men's Goalkeeper of the Year.
Connecticut State

</doc>
<doc id="9733422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733422" title="Now (The Tubes album)">
Now (The Tubes album)

Now is the third album released by The Tubes. It was produced by John Anthony. Fed up with constant meddling from Scoppa and Wood under the direction of Spooner including surreptitiously remixing a track when John was not at the studio, John Anthony was advised to quit the project by Jerry Moss. Head of A&M A&R Kip Cohen said they took advantage of John and believed they overran the budget to bump up their union fees! Bill Spooner took over and completed the project with the help of engineer Don Wood and Bud Scoppa. John believes in retrospect he should not have tried to be "one of the boys" with this band bur remains proud of his idea to get the band playing again live in the studio liked they used to do in the Bay Area bars. 'My Head Is My Only House Unless It Rains is a firm Anthony favourite and sonically shows what he was trying to achieve.
"Now" features a cover version of Captain Beefheart's "My Head Is My Only House Unless It Rains" and Captain Beefheart also played saxophone on "Cathy's Clone". The project was intended to be a double album but delays lead to cutting several songs including a version of Gene Pitney's "Town Without Pity" complete with horn arrangement by Bay-area comedian/musician, Dick Bright. The cover of "Now" was drawn by Tubes drummer, Prairie Prince entitled "Tubes Descending a Staircase", and was inspired by a similar drawing in Time magazine of The Ramones. In an A&M leaflet they described the album as "This outrageous and zany band have developed musically and visually since their inception in San Francisco and their previous albums.
2012 Reissue.
Real Gone Records reissued "Now" with "Young and Rich" the band's second album as a 2-CD set. The liner notes included comments from drummer Prairie Prince. Unlike the reissues from Iconclassic, this reissue had no bonus tracks. This reissue is currently out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="9733438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733438" title="Jennifer L. Knox">
Jennifer L. Knox

Jennifer L. Knox (*1968) is an American poet.
Born in Lancaster, California, she received her BA from the University of Iowa, and her MFA in poetry writing from New York University. She has taught poetry writing at Hunter College and New York University.
Her poetry has appeared in the following anthologies: "The Best American Poetry" (2011, 2006, 2003 and 1997); "The Best American Erotic Poems: From 1800 to the Present"; "Great American Prose Poems: From Poe to Present" and "Free Radicals: American Poets before Their First Books".
Her first book of poems, "A Gringo Like Me," was published in 2005 by Soft Skull Press. A second edition was in printed in 2007 by Bloof Books. Her second book of poems, "Drunk by Noon," was published in 2007 by Bloof Books. Her third book of poems, "The Mystery of the Hidden Driveway," also published by Bloof Books in 2010.
Childhood.
Jennifer L. Knox grew up in the Mojave Desert. Her father was an accountant and mother, a speech therapist. Her father was from Nova Scotia, and being from Nova Scotia she explains he had a very satirical sense of humor, Nova Scotians share the British love of understated, self-deprecating satire. In junior high she played the clarinet and was voted Class Clown.
Influences.
In "Poet's Bookshelf II," Knox names poets Richard Hugo, Denis Johnson, James Galvin (poet), Wallace Stevens and James Tate (writer), and fiction writers Italo Calvino and Kenzaburō Ōe as great influences. She has also cited Patricia Highsmith, Graham Greene, Thomas Berger (novelist), Kōbō Abe and Karen Blixen as being highly influential.
Her childhood influences include, Steve Martin’s Cruel Shoes, Woody Allen’s "Without Feathers" and "Side Effects", and the work of Jacques Tati. Also Knox says, "I adore Warner Bros. Cartoons, especially their timing and sidelong glances when someone realizes they’re screwed—that little 'ahoh.' I love the way they straddle high and low culture—just like Warner Brothers cartoons. I went to school out in the middle of the desert—our teachers were paid less than RTD bus drivers. I didn’t learn about "The Barber of Seville" in music class—I learned about it through a parody of it," says Knox.
Style.
The poetry of Jennifer L. Knox is very bold and real. Her poems are filled with humor, pop culture, and quite frequently, profanity. She delves into the pop culture of modern America today without censorship. Even with this saucy and savvy writing style, Knox makes use of strong diction, hyperboles, and metaphors.
Her poems are an almost indescribable mix of crazed humor and sympathetic imagination, always provocative and even moving.What's striking about Knox's work is that she seems willing to say almost anything, which sounds like it could be self-indulgent but which in her hands turns into a powerful, idiosyncratic account of American culture. Her work appeals to a variety of audiences.
"In workshops, my poems were often described as “sarcastic” and “ironic”—but neither label ever made sense to me. I’m not being sarcastic, and irony is, like, The Gift of the Magi, right?" She has since been described to employ Menippean satire.
Knox has been compared to comedian Sarah Silverman, artist Jeff Koons, a 10-year-old who can’t keep her mouth shut, and cartoonist Robert Crumb. None of these equations is quite right, however. Jennifer L. Knox’s work is unmistakably her own: darkly hilarious, surprisingly empathetic, utterly original.
Jennifer L. Knox is the only thing standing between the average reader of poetry in America today and a full-scale unraveling of every principle held dear by generations of sorry excuses for subjects-of-the-enunciation not worth the poorly landscaped space they take up with their pathetic, fetid meat-selves. And that, depending on which end of the speculum is violating your mirror phase, is very nearly a good thing.
Books.
"A Gringo Like Me" (2005)
Borrowing its title from an Ennio Morricone ditty in the spaghetti western "Gunfight at Red Sands", Jennifer L. Knox’s "A Gringo Like Me" contains poems at once raucous and sexy, tender and high. In favorites such as “Hot Ass Poem,” “Cruising for Prostitutes,” and “Chicken Bucket,” Knox’s speakers appear ornery, hickish, undereducated, misogynist, or worse, but each quirky character manages to elucidate a truth we’re better off knowing, even if we’d rather forget it. In A Gringo Like Me, Knox roughrides her muse at full gallop, shouting obscene slogans, bits of jokes, and sweet nothings at the top of her lungs along the way.
"Drunk By Noon" (2007)
"This second book from Knox, a young New York poet, continues the playful romp through the warped Americana she began in her debut, A Gringo Like Me. Here, Knox gives voice to wayward teens, drug-addled sages and fat dogs fantasizing about killing babies—among other unsavory characters—through dramatic monologues and quick narrative sketches. Fascination with the down-and-out lurks behind Knox's layers of irony and comic distance." from Publishers Weekly
"The Mystery of the Hidden Driveway" (2010)
In "The Mystery of the Hidden Driveway", Jennifer L. Knox expands on her inimitable cast of characters, in hilariously poignant poems. In poems like "Marriage" and "One Ton of Dirt," Knox ventures further into autobiographical territory than she's ever gone before ... exploring relationships with her exes, her parents, and her younger self.
"Captain Cook Returns" (TK)
An online interview conducted in September 2010 stated she is working on her first novel, tentatively titled, "Captain Cook Returns".

</doc>
<doc id="9733487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733487" title="Alisport Silent 2">
Alisport Silent 2

__NOTOC__
The Alisport Silent 2 is a single seater sailplane of Italian manufacture. It is of the FAI type DU Class glider. 
It is sold by Alisport ready-to-fly or kit-built as pure glider or self-launching glider.
The self-launching version is fitted with a single-blade propeller belt-driven by a two-stroke engine.
One Silent 2, two Silent 2 electrics and 25 Silent 2 Self-Launch models had been completed and flown by the end of 2011.
Design and construction.
The fuselage is carbon and glass fiber composite with epoxy resin. The wings have an elliptical planform, vertical or elliptical design winglets. The wing structure includes extensive use of carbon fiber, both in the sandwich skins and in the tapered I-beam wing spar which uses pultruded carbon rods for the spar caps. The wing geometry is notable in that it varies non-linearly from the root to the tip, both in overall planform shape and in wing section profile.
The flaperons stretch for 11.0 meters of the full wingspan and their range of motion varies from positive landing L +8°, to +4° for thermalling, to 0°, -4°, and S -8° reflex positions for cruising. Schempp-Hirth-type spoilers extend on the upper wing surface only. There is a fixed main wheel behind the pilot, with shock absorber and drum brake activated via spoiler control lever aft travel.
Safety and operational qualities.
The Silent 2 has light ailerons, light elevator, generous rudder. The roll rate is quick because of the lively feel of the ailerons. Stall is predictable and recovery simple. In level flight as airspeed is reduced when approaching the stall speed the sailplane vibrate a little, at this point decreasing the angle of attack results in airspeed increase and normal flight resume, from a climbing attitude the sailplane stall decisively, the nose pitch down gently and recovery is easy with stick forward. Spin entry is obvious and recovered with rudder and stick.

</doc>
<doc id="9733533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733533" title="List of National Basketball Association season scoring leaders">
List of National Basketball Association season scoring leaders

In basketball, points are the sum of the score accumulated through free throws or field goals. The National Basketball Association's (NBA) scoring title is awarded to the player with the highest points per game average in a given season. The scoring title was originally determined by total points scored through the 1968–69 season, after which points per game was used to determine the leader instead. Players who earned scoring titles before the 1979–80 season did not record any three-point field goals because the three-point line was first implemented in the NBA during that season. To qualify for the scoring title, the player must appear in at least 70 games (out of 82) or have at least 1,400 points. These have been the entry criteria since the 1974–75 season.
Wilt Chamberlain holds the all-time records for total points scored (4,029) and points per game (50.4) in a season; both records were achieved in the 1961–62 season. He also holds the rookie records for points per game when he averaged 37.6 points in the 1959–60 season. Among active players, Kobe Bryant has the highest point total (2,832) and the highest scoring average (35.4) in a season; both were achieved in the 2005–06 season.
Michael Jordan has won the most scoring titles, with ten. Jordan and Chamberlain are the only players to have won seven consecutive scoring titles (this was also Chamberlain's career total). George Gervin, Allen Iverson and Kevin Durant have won four scoring titles in their career, and George Mikan, Neil Johnston and Bob McAdoo have achieved it three times. Paul Arizin, Bob Pettit, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Shaquille O'Neal, Tracy McGrady, and Bryant have each won the scoring title twice. Since the 1969–70 season, three players have won both the scoring title and the NBA championship in the same season: Abdul-Jabbar (then Alcindor) in 1971 with the Milwaukee Bucks, Jordan from 1991 to 1993 and from 1996 to 1998 with the Chicago Bulls, and O'Neal in 2000 with the Los Angeles Lakers. O'Neal is the only scoring leader to have made no three-point field goals in his winning season (during the era of the three-point field goal). At 21 years and 197 days, Durant is the youngest scoring leader in NBA history, averaging 30.1 points in the 2009–10 season. He is also the most recent champion having averaged a career high 32.0 in the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9733580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733580" title="Central Point School District">
Central Point School District

Central Point School District 6 is a school district in the U.S. state of Oregon that operates schools in the communities of Central Point, Gold Hill and Sams Valley. The district is bordered directly to the south by the Medford School District, the largest school district in southern Oregon. 
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 72 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 2.4% of students in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="9733618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733618" title="Giuseppe Taglialatela">
Giuseppe Taglialatela

Giuseppe Taglialatela (born 2 January 1969) is an Italian former professional football goalkeeper.
Career.
Taglialatela began his professional playing career with Palermo during the 1988-89 season while they were in Serie C1, and after appearing with Avellino the following season, he began to gain attention from Serie A clubs.
Taglialatela moved to his native club Napoli in 1990 during their peak, but played in only three games. After two loan spells at Palermo and Bari, he returned to Napoli, this time to the first team. From 1993 until 1999 he became the number one keeper for the club.
After leaving Napoli, Taglialatela played as understudy to Francesco Toldo at Fiorentina, and then spent a season with Avellino prior to his retirement in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9733646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733646" title="Peter the Great's Naval Fortress">
Peter the Great's Naval Fortress

Peter the Great's naval fortress or the Tallinn-Porkkala defence station was a Russian fortification line, which aimed to block access to the Russian capital Saint Petersburg via the sea. The plans for the fortress included heavy coastal artillery pieces along the northern and southern shores of the Gulf of Finland. The emphasis was put on the defences of the gulf's narrowest point, between Porkkala, (in current day Finland) and Tallinn, (in current day Estonia). This was a strategic point, as the two fortresses of Mäkiluoto and Naissaar were only 36 kilometres apart. The coastal artillery had a range of about 25 kilometres and could thus "close" the gap between the shores, trapping enemy ships in a crossfire. Furthermore, a new major naval base was constructed in Tallinn.
Purpose.
The decision to start construction of the naval fortress line came after the disastrous events at Tsushima, where the whole Russian Baltic Fleet had been annihilated. The road to Saint Petersburg was then unprotected and open. The quickest and cheapest way of dealing with this problem was to protect Saint Petersburg with a seemingly impenetrable zone of coastal artillery until a new fleet had been constructed. The idea was presented for the first time in 1907. Czar Nicholas II approved the plans on July 5, 1912, and the construction began soon thereafter.
Defensive lines.
The system consisted of several zones of defence:
Further, Helsinki and Tallinn were encircled with defensive lines on land, consisting of thousands of kilometers of railway, bunkers connected with tunnel systems, and cannon fire positions. The fortification around Helsinki, Krepost Sveaborg, was centered on the old fortress of Suomenlinna.
The construction of the defensive system was slowed due to the outbreak of World War I. The naval fortress was only partly finished when both Finland and Estonia declared their independence, following the Russian October revolution. The German Navy performed one major landing operation on the shores of the Gulf of Finland during World War I. In April 1918, following a request from the Senate of Vaasa in Finland, the German Ostsee Division, led by Rüdiger von der Goltz, landed in Hankoo, joined the Finnish "Whites" in the fight against the "Reds", and conquered Helsinki.
The heavy batteries of the Tallinn-Porkkala line.
The heaviest batteries were supposed to consist of 356 mm/52 m 1913 guns. However, at the time of the Russian revolution of 1917, these were still under construction and were not finished.
Aftermath.
In the 1930s the Finnish and Estonian coastal defenses made extensive plans to use the fortresses against their former masters, and prevent the Soviet Baltic Fleet from gaining access to the seas. The defense would be strengthened by minefields and patrolling submarines from the Finnish and Estonian navies. These plans were however nullified with the Soviet demands of air and naval bases in the Baltic States in 1939.
The fortress in Porkkala, along with its 305 mm guns was leased to the Soviet Union in the Moscow Armistice of 1944. When the territory was returned to Finland in 1956, the guns were demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="9733717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733717" title="Arsky">
Arsky

Arsky (masculine), Arskaya (feminine), or Arskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9733719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733719" title="The Shin">
The Shin

The Shin () is a Georgian fusion jazz band formed in Germany in 1998. The Shin are Zaza Miminoshvili (guitars, panduri), Zurab J. Gagnidze (bass, vocals) and Mamuka Gaganidze (vocals, percussion).
The music of The Shin smoothly combines Georgian folk melodies with jazz, famous native polyphonic singing with scat, and tunes of the near Orient and flamenco with a modern Western sound.
The group represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 along with singer Mariko Ebralidze with the song "Three Minutes to Earth", but they came in last place in their semi-final and did not advance.
The word "Shin" literally means "home" or "going home" in the Georgian language.

</doc>
<doc id="9733732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733732" title="Will J. Quinlan">
Will J. Quinlan

Will J. Quinlan (William James Quinlan, 3rd, 1877–1963), artist, was born in Brooklyn on June 27, 1877. He lost his hearing as a child. He had an early interest in art and attended the National Academy of Design, Pratt Institute and Adelphi Academy in Brooklyn. He was an accomplished etcher, primarily of architectural city scenes, and also painted with oils. He was awarded the Black & White Prize in 1913 and the Shaw Etching Prize, all from the Salmagundi Club in New York City for two successive years, 1913 and 1914. 
Quinlan's works can be found in the permanent collections of the New York Public Library, the New York Historical Society, the Oakland Museum in California, the Hudson River Museum in Yonkers, New York, and the John H. Vanderpoel Art Gallery of Chicago. Two of his oil paintings, on loan from the Hudson River Museum, are displayed at Yonkers City Hall. The New York Historical Society has an extensive selection of his New York City etchings in its Print Collection.
Quinlan died in Seattle, Washington on April 21, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9733735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733735" title="2007 Colorado Buffaloes football team">
2007 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 2007 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder in the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Dan Hawkins in his second season at Colorado and played their home games at Folsom Field. Colorado finished 6–7 after losing in the Independence Bowl to Alabama. 2007 was Colorado's first consecutive losing season in 22 years, but represented a vast improvement over the team's 2–10 mark in 2006.
Pre-season.
Spring practice.
Prior to spring practice, there were two position changes planned: Cha’pelle Brown will move from cornerback to wide receiver, and Joe Sanders will switch back to tight end from outside linebacker. Sanders started his career at tight end but two weeks into his first spring practice moved to inside linebacker (he missed the fall of his freshman year after undergoing shoulder surgery).
Nine players will not return from the 2006 squad: Paul Backowski (OL), Quinton Borders (OL), Dominique Brooks (S), Clayton Cammon (WR, walkon), Steve Fendry (TE), Isaac Garden (P/PK, walkon, graduated), Tom Grubin (C, walkon), Jeremy Hauck (OL) and Reggie Joseph (WR).
The annual spring game occurred on April 14. The game consisted of a mix between live scrimmages and 7-on-7 drills due to the shortage of healthy and eligible offensive linemen. The offense was remarked as having made improvements compared to last season's spring game.
Bernard Jackson, the starting quarterback from last season saw limited time at the position during spring practice and was used as a wide receiver, running back, punt and kick returner. Cody Hawkins (Red shirt Freshman) and Nick Nelson (JC transfer Junior) competed for the quarterback position. Hawkins completed 12-of-20 passes for 119 yards an interception and a touchdown in live action. In 7-on-7 drills, he completed 15-of-23 passes for 182 yards and two touchdowns. Nelson completed 3-of-10 passes for 30 yards and an interception and also had two rushes for 20 yards during live action. In 7-on-7 drills, he completed 21-of-28 passes for 256 yards with two touchdowns and an interception.
Infraction.
In June 2007, the Buffaloes were placed under probation for two years and fined US$100,000 for undercharging 133 student-athletes for meals over a six-year span (2000–01 to 2005–06) resulting in the major infraction. The football program, with 86 of the 133 student-athletes involved, also lost one scholarship for the next three seasons.
Recruiting.
National Signing Day was on February 7, 2007 and Colorado signed high school athletes from around the country. Colorado's overall team ranking was 35th by Scout.com and 31st by Rivals.com. Colorado had 31 scholarships available.
"Official CU Signing Day Central"
Uniform changes.
On June 2, 2007, Colorado announced changes to their uniforms. Most notable is the incorporation of silver into the uniform combining the two school colors, silver and gold, for the first time. The "COLORADO" across the chest and player names on the back are now smaller, and will be gold instead of white (the only color it has ever been). The numbers will now be silver. The pants now have trim on the sides; silver on the gold pants and gold on the black pants. The white pants have now been eliminated. In addition to the design change, the new uniforms designed by Nike also improve technical parts of the uniform including innovative fit, weight reduction, increased ventilation and improved moisture management.
Schedule.
The schedule was ranked as the No. 10 toughest home schedule.
Roster.
Michael Sipili was charged with assault for being suspected for fighting with Taj Kaynor, defensive tackle, also involving Chris Perri, sophomore defensive tackle on June 22, 2007. Sipili and Perri were suspended for the first three games and Kaynor was suspended for the first game. Sipili was later suspended from campus on September 21, 2007 for the fall semester over the incident forcing him to miss the entire season. As a true sophomore, he will likely use this season as a redshirt and have 3 years remaining of eligibility.
Starting running back Hugh Charles suffered a pulled hamstring on the first series of the Colorado State game, forcing him to miss the rest of that game and the Arizona State game the following week.
Game notes.
Colorado State.
The 2007 Qwest Rocky Mountain Showdown was back in Invesco Field at Mile High in Denver, CO with the kickoff at 10:10 am MDT. Both the Colorado Buffaloes and Colorado State Rams were coming off losing seasons. Colorado State won last season's game and the series was tied at 4–4 over the last 8 games coming into the game. Colorado State returned running back Kyle Bell who missed last season due to an injury. Colorado started quarterback Cody Hawkins, head coach Dan Hawkins' son and a redshirt freshman in his first start at the college level.
Colorado had been favored entering the game. This was Colorado's 200th game against current members of the Mountain West Conference, with a 137–55–7 record. Colorado was 73–39–5 in their 117 season openers and had won five of its last eight season openers entering the game. Colorado was 8–5, prior to the game, against intrastate rival Colorado State when the Rams have been the opposition in the season opener.
The game was not sold out, with the low sales possibly due to the losing records of both teams last season. There were about 9,000 tickets still available a week before the game. Invesco Field has a capacity of 76,125. A crowd of 68,133 ultimately attended the game.
Colorado made a come from behind victory to force overtime and then win the game. The game started with the first three series scoring touchdowns. Cody Hawkins completed 18 of 31 passes for 201 yards, two touchdowns and one interception. Colorado State's Kyle Bell rushed for a career-high 40 times for 135 yards and a touchdown. Colorado State's quarterback, Hanie went 20-of-27 and threw three touchdown passes to tight end Kory Sperry and one interception, in overtime.
Colorado State won the coin toss in overtime and elected to go first. Terrence Wheatley made an interception to end the Rams' OT side. Kevin Eberhart, senior place kicker, had a good game going 3 for 4 with a career long 38-yard field goal before halftime, a 22-yard field goal with 13 seconds left to send the game into overtime and the game winning 35-yard kick in overtime.
Colorado lost their starting running back, Hugh Charles early in the first quarter with a pulled hamstring. The backup, Demetrius Sumler rushed 16 times for 85-yards.
External link: http://www.qwestrockymountainshowdown.com
Arizona State.
Colorado lost last season to Arizona State (21–3), the only time the teams have previously played each other. The game was scheduled to start at 8:28 p.m. Mountain Time. Entering the game, Colorado had a 9–2 record in the state of Arizona, including 8–0 against the Arizona Wildcats and 1–2 in the Fiesta Bowl. A sellout crowd larger than 71,000 was expected to be in attendance. Colorado had won their last two road games against Pacific-10 Conference opponents before this game; Washington State Cougars in 2004 and UCLA Bruins in 2003.
Arizona State entered the game 1–0, with a win the previous week over the San Jose State Spartans. Head coach Dennis Erickson was going for his 150th win in his 215th game. Coming into the game, Arizona State was 3–2 all time against the Big 12 Conference.
The Buffaloes scored two touchdowns in the first quarter including an interception return for a touchdown by Terrence Wheatley, while holding the Sun Devils scoreless. ASU responded with three touchowns in the second quarter, but they missed their second extra point (wide left) and their attempt at a two-point conversion after their third touchdown, so they took a 19–14 lead into halftime. Colorado did not score for the rest of the game. Arizona added two more touchdowns in the third quarter.
The actual crowd attendance was 58,417.
Florida State.
Colorado welcomed Florida State (1–1) for their home opener. Florida State won the only previous game between the two schools on September 20, 2003.
Florida State came into the game with a win the previous week over the UAB Blazers and a loss in the season opener against the Clemson Tigers. The game was scheduled to start at 8:10 p.m. Mountain Time and aired on ESPN. There were approximately 3,000 tickets remaining 3 days before the game. Florida State was 15–11 all-time against Big 12 Conference teams coming into the game.
Colorado was 7–5 all-time against Atlantic Coast Conference teams and 0–4 when playing on September 15 before the game. There were only 4 current Colorado players that dressed for the previous match-up in 2003: Eberhart, Wheatley, Robinson and Sanders. Colorado students and fans were planning to "black out" the stadium by wearing black clothing.
Actual attendance was 52,951. Colorado's Eberhart missed two field goals of 37 and 46 yards. Colorado scored a touchdown with 3:36 left in the game to keep their record scoring streak alive; the latest score in a game to keep the streak alive. Colorado has not been shutout in a football game since November 12, 1988 when they played the Nebraska Cornhuskers. They have not been shutout at home since November 15, 1986 by the Oklahoma Sooners. Terrence Wheatley left the game with a knee injury during the 4th quarter, with his future status undetermined.
In the week after the game, Matt DiLallo was named to the Ray Guy Award watchlist.
Miami University.
Colorado beat the Miami University RedHawks by a score of 42–0. It was first time the RedHawks were shut out since a 1993 loss to Ball State. In sophomore quarterback Daniel Raudabaugh’s first start of the season for Miami, he completed 11 of 32 passes for only 95 yards. The Colorado defense was never able to sack Raudabaugh, but they did not allow him time to set his feet for passes. Colorado out gained Miami 634–139 in total yardage. The Buffaloes’ offense rushed for 359 after only running for 134 total yards in three previous games.
Oklahoma.
Oklahoma was first to score by capitalizing on a D. J. Wolfe interception returned to the Colorado 11. Sam Bradford connected with Juaquin Iglesias for the 13 yard touchdown. The Buffalo's scored next by driving the ball 70 yards capped off by a 25 yard touchdown rush by Hugh Charles. The Sooners responded 49 seconds later thanks to a 34 yard touchdown run by Allen Patrick. The Sooners added 3 more as a result of a 28 yard Hartley field goal to return to the locker rooms at halftime with a 17–7 lead.
Iowa State.
Colorado seemed to have this game under control with a 21—0 lead at halftime. However, Iowa State rallied back in the second half for the victory. Coach Hawkins made a controversial call going for a first down on 4th and 1 on Colorado's own 43—yard line after Iowa State refused a 10-yard holding penalty in the third quarter. The Buffaloes fell short of making the first down when Demetrius Sumler was stopped by Jesse Smith. Iowa State would score their first points of the game three plays later.
Bret Culbertson of Iowa State kicked a 24—yard field goal with 12:21 left in the game to put the Cyclones up 31—21. Kevin Eberhart of Colorado had earlier missed a 43—yard field goal. Colorado then fought back and Scotty McKnight scored a 9—yard touchdown pass from Cody Hawkins with 2:40 left in the game. The defensed forced a 3 and out after the kickoff to get the ball back with 46 seconds left in the game on their own 28 yard line. In 5 passing plays, 4 complete, they moved the ball 34 yards to the Iowa State 33 yard line. With no timeouts, they rushed the field goal unit on to the field and Eberhart made a 50—yard field goal with 1 second left on the clock. However, Colorado was penalized 5 yards for snapping the ball before it was whistled ready for play (officially "Offensive Delay of Game") which nullified the field goal. With 1 second left on the clock, Eberhart again made the 55—yard field goal try, but the officials ruled the ball had not been snapped before time expired. The field goal was again nullified and the game was over.
Alabama.
Colorado earned a bowl bid to the Independence Bowl against the Alabama Crimson Tide on December 2, 2007. This was third football game ever between the two schools, with the teams having split the previous two games. They were also both bowl games, the 1969 Liberty Bowl, where Colorado won 47–33, and the 1991 Blockbuster Bowl where Alabama won 30–25.
Alabama scored on their opening drive off of a Leigh Tiffin field goal to lead 3–0. Colorado's first offensive play of the game resulted in an interception by Rolando McClain. Once again, Alabama relied on another field goal from Tiffin to push their lead to 6–0. Later in the quarter, Alabama's John Parker Wilson would throw a touchdown to Keith Brown and Matt Caddell to push the Crimson Tide to a 20–0 lead after one quarter. Early in the second quarter, Wilson would connect to Nikita Stover on a 31–yard touchdown pass and the Crimson Tide lead 27–0 after just under 20 minutes played in the game. The Buffaloes would control the majority of the second quarter after Wilson threw an interception. Buffaloes freshman quarterback Cody Hawkins threw touchdown passes to Tyson DeVree and Dusty Sprague to close the gap, as the Crimson Tide lead 27–14 at halftime. The only score in the third quarter would come from Kevin Eberhart on a Colorado field goal. Leigh Tiffin kicked a field goal as the Crimson Tide lead 30–17, though Cody Hawkins and Tyson DeVree would connect on another passing touchdown. In a desperation attempt with 0:01 left in the fourth quarter, Colorado would attempt several laterals but would fall short of midfield.
Alabama's victory sent them to a 7–6 overall record as they avoided a second consecutive losing season. Colorado had its second consecutive losing season for the first time in 22 years.
Statistics.
Colorado does not include bowl game statistics as part of their season total statistics. The statistics below therefore are for the 12 game regular season and do not include any statistics recorded during the bowl game against Alabama.
Source for all statistics below: http://www.cubuffs.com/pdf3/100956.pdf?ATCLID=1207369&SPSID=3844&SPID=255&DB_OEM_ID=600

</doc>
<doc id="9733745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733745" title="Usage-centered design">
Usage-centered design

Usage-centered design is an approach to user interface design based on a focus on user intentions and usage patterns. It analyzes users in terms of the roles they play in relation to systems and employs abstract (essential) use cases for task analysis. It derives visual and interaction design from abstract prototypes based on the understanding of user roles and task cases.
Usage-centered design was introduced by Larry Constantine and Lucy Lockwood. The primary reference is their book.
Usage-centered design methods.
Usage-centered design is largely based on formal, abstract models such as models of interaction between user roles, UML workflow models and task case and role profiles.
Usage-centered design proponents argue for abstract modelling while many designers use realistic personas, scenarios and high-fidelity prototypes. The techniques have been applied with particular success in complex software projects, some of which have been reported in case studies.
Usage-centered design and activity-centered design approach.
Usage-centered design share some common ideas with activity-centered design. It is concerned more with the activities of users but not the users per se. In 2006 an integrated framework is presented where the models of Usage-centered design are enriched with concepts from the Activity theory.
Further reading.
Usage-centered design FAQ

</doc>
<doc id="9733749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733749" title="Jacob the Dacian">
Jacob the Dacian

Brother Jacob the Dacian, Jacobo Daciano, or in Latin Iacobus de Dacia, (Copenhagen c. 1484 – Michoacán, Mexico, 1566) was a Danish Franciscan monk and probable Prince of Denmark, Norway and Sweden. He also called himself "Iacobus Gottorpius" referring to a royal estate at Gottorp under Danish rule during his lifetime. He achieved fluency in eight languages and fame among the indigenous people of Michoacán as a righteous and helpful man toward his flock. His relics, now lost, were kept for a long time by the "Indians" of Tarecuato who still celebrate his birthday every year.
Royal descent.
Danish historian Jørgen Nybo Rasmussen (Rasmussen 1974, 1986) argues that Jacob was the son, seemingly extramarital, of King John of the Kalmar Union and a younger brother of King Christian II, both Danes. This has not been asserted or even mentioned by all historians but it is also the basis for the novel "Brother Jacob" by Danish author Henrik Stangerup. Key arguments in a case for Jacob's royal lineage are the facts that he described himself as coming from Gottorp, the estate of Kings Christian I and John of Denmark; that he had an excellent education normally reserved for the higher nobility; and that he seemed to enjoy protection from higher political forces. It was also common for younger sons of royalty to enter into the clergy, since they normally would not inherit the thrones. However, Jacob's position as an inter-continental missionary was very unusual for a royal prince.
A number of modern authors have counted Jacob – or "James" – as a Danish-Norwegian-Swedish prince and one of the legitimate children of King John and Queen Christina, but Rasmussen's thesis was also met with scepticism.
Life in Denmark until the Reformation.
Entering the Franciscan Order as a young man, Jacob received a good education studying Latin, Greek and Hebrew as well as his mother tongues German and Danish. In the years prior to the reformation he lived in a convent in Malmö (now in Sweden), where he argued against the Lutheran leaders. In 1530 the Fransciscans were driven from the convent, as they were in the following from the other Danish towns. He described this in the "Chronicle of the expulsion of the Greyfriars", written to serve as evidence in a potential trial to attempt to reclaim the convents later. Such a trial never came. During the religious wars known as the Count's Feud, fought between the supporters of his deposed brother, the Catholic King Christian II, and the forces of King Christian III of Denmark, many Franciscans left Denmark and went to Catholic provinces in northern Germany.
Jacob stayed in Denmark until the fall of Malmö in 1536 when the region's Lutheran Reformation was completed and the proscription of Mendicant orders forced him into exile. First he went to Mecklenburg under the protection of Duke Albrecht who had fought on the Catholic side in the civil war. Here he was made the last "Provincial" (head) of the Franciscan province of Dacia, whence his name. He subsequently went to Spain where he studied the Arabic language and was authorized by King Charles V of Spain to go to New Spain as a missionary.
Missionary to Mexico.
In 1542 Brother Jacob arrived in Veracruz, Mexico, to remain in Mexico for the rest of his life, where he learned several indigenous languages and founded several convents. He spent three years at the Colegio de Santa Cruz de Tlatelolco studying Nahuatl before being sent to Michoacán to work among the native P'urhépecha, where the bulk of his missionary work was done. He learned the P'urhépecha language and worked stubbornly to improve "Indian" rights, which caused him problems with the authorities of New Spain and with local branches of the church. He wrote a treatise, "Declamacion del pueblo barbaro de los Indios, que habiendo recibido el bautismo, desean recibir los demas sacramentos", in which he argued that "Indians" should be allowed to be ordained into the priesthood. In this question he was overruled by church authorities and had to do penitence for these actions – he had claimed that denying "Indians" the right to ordination was in fact tantamount to heresy, a standpoint which has been vindicated in the modern Roman Catholic Church.
He died in the convent of Tarecuato, Michoacán, in the bishopric of Zamora where he had served as a guardian. Beginning in 1996 attempts have been made toward his canonization.

</doc>
<doc id="9733757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733757" title="Maytree">
Maytree

Maytree is a respite centre, located in the London Borough of Islington, England, for people who are feeling suicidal. It is a charitable organisation that opened in October 2002. It is located in a terraced house in north London, and provides a one-off stay of five days and four nights for up to four guests at a time. Contact is generally severed following a stay, although help is provided for guests regarding their long-term wellbeing after Maytree.
Aims and objectives.
Maytree aims to support people in suicidal crisis. It provides a non medical environment where people who are feeling suicidal can rest, reflect and talk confidentially. The idea behind Maytree is that people who are in a suicidal crisis are able to come to a place where they can feel safe and secure, but also a place where they can talk through their problems. Maytree is a registered charity and provides this service at no cost. Maytree is intended to help those in a one-off suicidal crisis, as well as those that have longer term mental health problems. Its overall goal is to reduce suicide ideation.
How Maytree works.
The Maytree model to suicide prevention is a therapeutic approach, based on the principle of befriending.
Befriending.
The concept of befriending, a term originally used by The Samaritans, is a process based on a relationship of compassion and trust to facilitate changes in thoughts, feelings, understanding, intentions and actions that may lead to suicide.
Befriending intends to enable another person to feel heard and valued. Ideally, the befriender discards assumptions, offers unconditional acceptance, compassion, empathy and concern, whilst respecting and encouraging the other's autonomy and sense of equality. The essence of befriending is the giving of undivided attention to the other, tuning in and connecting to mood and feelings, assimilating consciously and intuitively every aspect of the others presence.
Assessment of Suitability.
All potential guests are assessed before an offer of stay is made. The process of assessment begins at the first contact, via an agency or a self-referral. Maytree accepts referrals from GPs, hospitals, psychotherapists, counsellors, friends, family and self-referrals, nationwide. Following a series of telephone conversations between potential guests and volunteers, a one=hour informal conversation will determine for both parties whether a stay is in everyone's best interests. Maytree is not for everyone so alternative options are explored for those who are not considered to benefit from a brief period of respite.
Characteristics of Maytree Guests.
Maytree has had 300 guests in the period up to January 2007, the majority from London, but also from all over England.

</doc>
<doc id="9733776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733776" title="Amanda Chessell">
Amanda Chessell

Amanda (Mandy) Chessell is a computer scientist and a Distinguished Engineer at IBM. She has been awarded the title of IBM Master Inventor. She is also a Member of the IBM Academy of Technology leadership team.
Outside IBM, Chessell is the first woman to be awarded the Silver Medal of the Royal Academy of Engineering. In 2002 she was made a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, a very high honour in engineering.
Chessell is a visiting professor at the University of Sheffield.
Career at IBM.
Mandy Chessell joined IBM in 1987. She is based at IBM's Hursley laboratory located near Winchester in Hampshire, UK.
Her early work focused on distributed transaction processing, adding features to products such as CICS, Encina, Component Broker and WebSphere Application Server. She has also work on event management, business process modelling and outside-in design (OID).
Today, Chessell's work is focused on developing model-driven tools to simplify the analysis and design of large systems and then to automate their development. This work covers the development of user interfaces, services, information integration technology in the field of Data Governance and Master Data Management.
Achievements.
In 2000, she was among the first group of "MIT Technology Review" magazine's TR100.
In 2001, she won the Royal Academy of Engineering Silver Medal for the invention and engineering of Reusable Software Component Architecture.
In 2002, she was elected a Fellow of The Royal Academy of Engineering.
In 2004, Chessell won the British Computer Society nomination for the Women's Engineering Society "Karen Burt" award.
In 2006, Chessell won a Female Inventor of the Year Award for building capacity for innovation.
Also in 2006, Chessell was awarded a prize for the Best Woman in the Corporate Sector at the Blackberry Women in Technology awards.
In 2011, Chessell was made an honorary fellow of the Institution of Engineering Designers (IED).
In 2012, Chessell received Innovator of the Year at the Cisco everywoman in Technology Awards.
In 2013, Chessell received an Honorary Doctor of Science from Plymouth University.
Chessell frequently lectures on topics related to Computer Science and, in particular, innovation. Such lectures take place at universities such as Queen Mary University of London.
Education.
Chessell studied Computer Science from an early age and has both an O-Level and an A-Level in the subject. She studied at Plymouth Polytechnic up to 1987 and obtained a Bachelors Honours Degree in Computing with Informatics.
Subsequently, Chessell joined IBM in 1987 at Hursley Park, Winchester where she studied for a Masters degree in software engineering at the University of Brighton (completed in 1997). Her studies at Brighton were sponsored by IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9733813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733813" title="Stuart Laws">
Stuart Laws

Stuart Laws is an auto racing driver known for racing BMW rear-wheel-drive cars in his native Britain. For 2010 he is taking on the Kumho BMW Championship in a BMW M3, in a team which he owns and runs himself.
Personal.
Stuart was born on 6 July 1950 in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, son to Thomas and Doris Laws. Stuart spent his early life growing up in Coney Hall, Kent. He attended Ashburton Boys School from the ages of 11-15.
2007 Results.
In the 2007 season, Stuart had: 
1st: 0
2nd: 1
3rd: 7
4th: 3
5th: 1
Retirement: 1
Did Not Compete: 1
The Team.
Mostly family run, the team were first involved in motorsport in 1987, when driver Stuart, his brother Derek, and now SL Motorsport AV technician Mark Lewis participated in track days. Their car at the time was a Mark I Ford Escort. A bad crash at Goodwood with Derek at the wheel led to the car being written off. This didn't stop the team, and they were soon back on track after building a BMW 323 E21 in 1988. This was then the start of the team's attachment to BMWs. In 1989, Stuart joined the Kumho BMW Championship, where he remains today, as one of the championship's longest serving drivers.
Related links.
Kumho BMW Championship
Kumho BMW Championship website

</doc>
<doc id="9733816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733816" title="Dougie Wood">
Dougie Wood

Dougie Wood was a Scottish footballer who played for eleven seasons with Derry City from 1961-1972 in the Irish League. He won six inter-league caps for the Irish League between 1964 and 1967, and won the Irish Cup in 1963/64, the Irish League championship and the Gold Cup in 1964/65. He was the Ulster Footballer of the Year for the 1964/65 season. He also managed the club as player-manager between July 1971 and July 1972.
Wood represented the Boston Rovers as a Shamrock Rovers guest player in the summer of 1967.
After Shay Keogh resigned as Shamrock Rovers manager in December 1973 Wood, along with Shay Noonan and Dick Giles took over team affairs for the rest of the 1973/74 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9733823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733823" title="Asad Chowdhury">
Asad Chowdhury

Asad Chowdhury (আসাদ চৌধুরী) (born: 11 February, 1943) is a poet, writer, translator, radio, TV personality and journalist, as well as a cultural activist in Bangladesh.
He received a Masters in Bengali in 1964 from Dhaka University and is the father of two sons and one daughter. Chowdhury is a former director at the Bangla Academy, Dhaka and worked as an editor at the Bengali service of Deutsche Welle after his retirement. During the liberation war of Bangladesh, Chowdhury was a contributor and broadcaster of Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra in Kalkata. He started his profession as a lecturer in Bengali language and literature at Brahmanbaria College in 1973. He has also been assistant editor in “The Joybangla” (Kalkata, 1971) and in “The Daily Janapada” (Dhaka, February 1973). He was a correspondent for The Daily Purbodesh from 1968 to 1971.
He is a life member of the Asiatic Society of Bangladesh and a fellow of Bangla Academy, Dhaka, as well as being the ex-Vice President of The Radio and TV Artists Association. He has held many other positions over his life, including:
Publications.
Translations.
Chowdhury's publications have been translated into English, French, German, Hindi, Urdu, Malayalam and published in the US, Canada, UK, France, India and Pakistan.
Radio and TV production.
He conducted Kathakali, a weekly program from 1973 to 1981, and prepared manuscripts for, conducted and participated in many programmes of Radio Bangladesh.
Other activities.
Chowdhury participated in poetry sessions and recitations arranged by Bangla Academy, German Culture Institute, American Culture Centre, Alliance Francaise, Russian Cultural Centre, Iranian Cultural Centre, Islamic Foundation, as well as other cultural organisations of Bangladesh. He delivered a keynote in a seminar, organised by Afro Asian
More recently, he has read poems at a festival organised by the Bangladesh Association in Pittsburgh in 2000, and attended Mukti Judha Uthsab in Agartala, India in January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9733844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733844" title="Mimi Freedman">
Mimi Freedman

Mimi Freedman is an American documentary filmmaker who specializes in films about Hollywood history. She is best known for the 2005 documentary "Steve McQueen: The Essence of Cool", and has produced films for "A&E Biography", "AMC Backstory", and "Lifetime Intimate Portrait". Her most recent project was directing a documentary about Marlon Brando for Turner Classic Movies, for which she was nominated for an Emmy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9733872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733872" title="Map-based controller">
Map-based controller

In the field of control engineering, a map-based controller is a controller whose outputs are based on values derived from a pre-defined lookup table. The inputs to the controller are usually values taken from one or more sensors and are used to index the output values in the lookup table. By effectively placing the transfer function as discrete entries within a lookup table, engineers free to modify smaller sections or update the whole list of entries as required.
Map-based controllers are frequently used to manage fuel delivery systems in modern internal combustion engines.

</doc>
<doc id="9733885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733885" title="Polish Cathedral style">
Polish Cathedral style

The Polish Cathedral architectural style is a North American genre of Catholic church architecture found throughout the Great Lakes and Middle Atlantic regions as well as in parts of New England. These monumentally grand churches are not necessarily cathedrals, defined as seats of bishops or of their dioceses.
Polish Cathedral churches generally have large amounts of ornamentation in the exterior and interior, comparable only to the more famous Churrigueresque or Spanish Baroque style. The decorations used reflect the tastes of the Polish immigrants to these regions in both the symbols and statuary of saints prominently displayed throughout. Additionally there is a heavy proclivity towards ornamentation drawn from the Renaissance and Baroque periods as well as modeling designs after famous churches in Poland. The claim of different 'architectural styles' of Europe ascribed to these churches is misleading, as most of them are already labeled by art historians as examples of Eclecticism and Historicism, characterized by the various Architectural Revivals found in styles of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. These churches exhibit a mixture of architectural traits from numerous past eras characteristic of Europe and the Americas.
A unique synthesis.
Skerrett says Polish churches surpassed other immigrants’ churches in size. Their style promoted the immigrants' vision of Polish identity.
Kantowicz writes in "The Archdiocese of Chicago: A Journey of Faith": "The preference of the Polish League for Renaissance and Baroque forms seems more clear cut. The glory days of the Polish Commonwealth came in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries when it formed the largest state in Europe… The architectural style of Chicago's Polish churches in Chicago reflect this, particularly the magnificent edifices of Worthmann and Steinbach built along Milwaukee Avenue on the Northwest Side, reflected the renaissance glory of Polish Catholicism".
Peter Williams in his book "Houses of God: Region, Religion, and Architecture in the United States" on p. 179 writes,"n Detroit and Chicago especially, a distinctive genre of church building emerged among Polish communities, the "Polish Cathedral." Where most Catholic churches were built in grander or humbler variations and Gothic and Romanesque themes popular across the country, the ambitious prelates in the Great Lakes Polonias often chose to make monumental statements in the Renaissance style of their mother country. The scale of these structures was often enormous, both in the great size of these parishes and the episcopal ambitions of their clerical leaders… Still visible from the freeways, many of these "cathedrals" such as St. Stanislaus Kostka in Chicago now serve African-American or Latino constituencies while others have been closed by their Archbishops as no longer economically viable.
The churches are major tourist attractions in Chicago, with tours devoted exclusively to them. In May 1980 the Chicago Architecture Foundation's ArchiCenter held an exhibit on these treasures titled "Chicago's Polish Churches".
These ornate temples were largely built by the working poor in these regions in the era spanning the period from the end of the American Civil War until the end of World War II.
Criticism by other religious groups.
These stylistically exaggerated churches were criticized by many of Chicago's Protestant elites as "ostentatious" in comparison with the "plainer" style in vogue for Protestant houses of worship. Catholic Church authorities such as John Lancaster Spalding, the first Bishop of Peoria, responded by comparing the churches financed by the immigrants to the pyramids of Egypt built by slaves.
The need for identity was evident in the unique architecture of the Polish Cathedral Style. It was often associated with the religious order of the Congregation of the Resurrection, in addition to the architectural stylings of the Renaissance and Baroque periods. Both in scale and scope, these edifices were attempts to contradict the marginal status in which the Polish immigrants found themselves. As a stateless people whose culture was systematically attacked in its homeland during the years of partition, they also had a low position on the economic ladder in the turn of the century industrial centers to which they had immigrated. The construction of these churches greatly influenced the development of neighborhoods that surrounded them. World views brought by the Polish immigrants from the Old World, as well as their creative adaptation into the New World, shaped the landscape of the rapidly growing industrial regions to which they came.

</doc>
<doc id="9733893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733893" title="Shane Jurgensen">
Shane Jurgensen

Shane John Jurgensen (born 28 April 1976 in Redcliffe, Queensland) is an Australian cricketer, who has played for Queensland, but has also played for Western Australia, Tasmania, and the Sussex Cricket Board in English county cricket. 
A talented fast bowler who rose to prominence on the Queensland club scene in the early 1990s, Shane Jurgensen failed to find a place in his home state's side due to the strength of their bowling attack. He moved to Western Australia, where he managed to make his first class debut. After a couple of seasons with Western Australia, he again moved, this time south to Tasmania, where he played some of his best cricket for state, including a hat-trick against New South Wales, and a record 11 wickets in the 2002-03 Pura Cup final against his home side, Queensland. 
Following his success with Tasmania, he returned to Queensland, finally fulfilling his dream of representing his home state. However, he failed to get regular call-ups for the state, and missed all of the 2005-06 season, although still retained his state contract.
He was appointed as the Bowling Coach for the Bangladesh National Side in October 2011. Before joining Bangladesh team he worked as a bowling coach for New Zealand between 2008 and 2010. After the main coach of Bangladesh Richard Pybus left the team in October 2012, he was appointed as interim head coach of Bangladesh. During his first assignment, Bangladesh beat the West Indies by 3-2 in ODI. They however suffered loss in test series by 2-0.
In February 2013 Bangladesh Cricket Control Board confirmed him as the head coach of the Bangladesh. Under his guidance, Bangladesh white washed New Zealand 3-0 in the ODI series when New Zealand came to visit Bangladesh in October 2013. The test series was drawn 0-0. New Zealand won the one off T-20 match. 

</doc>
<doc id="9733896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733896" title="Al-Siyasa">
Al-Siyasa

Al-Siyasa is a daily newspaper published in Kuwait. Naji al-Ali worked on it from 1968 to 1974. A recent editor is Ahmad Al-Jarallah [http://www.memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sr&ID=SR01403]
"Al-Siyasa" was also a newspaper in Egypt that was mouthpiece for the Egyptian Liberal Constitutionalist Party in the 1910s and 1920s. [http://weekly.ahram.org.eg/2000/501/chrncls.htm] Muhammad Husayn Haykal was editor in 1922. 

</doc>
<doc id="9733898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733898" title="Jeffrey K. Zeig">
Jeffrey K. Zeig

Jeffrey K. Zeig (born 6 November 1947), is a writer, teacher and practitioner of psychotherapy. He has edited, co-edited, authored or coauthored more than 20 books on psychotherapy that appear in fourteen languages. He organises several conferences on psychotherapy, and is the founder and director of the Milton H. Erickson Foundation.
Background.
Zeig is the architect of The Evolution of Psychotherapy Conferences, which attract leading psychotherapists. He organizes the Brief Therapy Conferences, the Couples Conferences, and the International Congresses on Ericksonian Approaches to Hypnosis and Psychotherapy. Zeig is on the Editorial Board of numerous journals; is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Division 29, Psychotherapy); and Fellow of the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis. He is a Distinguished Practitioner in the National Academy of Practice in Psychology of the National Academies of Practice.
Zeig has served as a Clinical Member of the International Transactional Analysis Association (1974–1985), and an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Clinical Psychology at Arizona State University (1988–1992).
A psychologist and marriage and family therapist in private practice in Phoenix, Arizona, Zeig conducts workshops internationally (40 countries). Zeig speaks at major universities and teaching hospitals including The Mayo Clinic, Menningers and MD Anderson. He is president of Zeig, Tucker & Theisen, Inc., publishers in the behavioral sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9733923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733923" title="Dov Markus">
Dov Markus

Dov Markus (born in the USSR) was the first recipient of the Hermann Trophy as the outstanding collegiate soccer player of the year. Markus attended Long Island University where he played on the men’s soccer team for three seasons from 1965 to 1967. In 1965, he scored 35 goals in 14 games for 70 points and a place in the NCAA record book. Over his three-year career, he scored 79 goals in 49 games and won the 1967 Hermann Trophy. He was never named as a first team All American, garnering second team honors in 1967. In 2000, LIU inducted Markus into its Athletic Hall of Fame. After finishing his collegiate career, he played a single season (1968) with the New York Generals of the North American Soccer League.
In mid-1990s Dov Markus taught at Sheepshead Bay High School in Brooklyn, New York while refereeing NCAA games. He retired some time before 2000.
In his retirement, he helps at Brookwood Camps, where his wife Michelle is the Assistant Girl's Head Counselor.

</doc>
<doc id="9733926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733926" title="Infante Francisco de Paula of Spain">
Infante Francisco de Paula of Spain

Infante Francisco de Paula of Spain (10 March 1794 – 13 August 1865) was the youngest son of Charles IV of Spain and Maria Luisa of Parma. He was a brother of Ferdinand VII, as well as uncle and father-in-law of Isabella II.
His education at the Spanish court was derailed by the Napoleonic intervention in Spain. The departure of the fourteen-year-old Infante in exile in May 1808 provoked a popular uprising that was violently suppressed by French troops. For the next ten years, Infante Francisco de Paula lived in exile with his parents, first in Marseille and later in Rome.
Infante Francisco de Paula returned to Spain in 1818, being called by his eldest brother, King Ferdinand VII, who showered him with honors and privileges. Interested in artistic pursuits, Francisco was an amateur singer and painter. In 1819, he married his niece, Princess Luisa Carlotta of Naples and Sicily, the eldest daughter of his older sister Maria Isabella. The couple had eleven children and were very active in political affairs. Luisa Carlotta was instrumental in securing the succession for their niece, Queen Isabella II.
During the regency of Isabella II, Francisco was excluded from the government by his sister-in-law, Queen Maria Christina. Siding with the liberals, Francisco de Paula and his wife became active in the opposition and were forced to move to France in 1838. They returned to Spain under the government of Maria Christina's successor as regent, General Espartero. As they also conspired against Espartero, they were sent back into exile. The proclamation of Queen Isabella II's majority allowed them to return. The Infante and his wife centered their hopes on marrying their eldest son, Infante Francisco de Asis, to Queen Isabella II. Luisa Carlotta died in 1844, but, under pressure from French diplomacy, Francisco de Asis married Queen Isabella II in October 1846. As father-in-law to his niece the Queen, Infante Francisco de Paula occupied a prominent position at court during Isabella II's reign. However, as he tried to intervene in politics, he was briefly exiled once again in 1849. In 1852, with the Queen's approval, he contracted a morganatic marriage. He died twelve years later.
Early life.
Born on 10 March 1794 at the Royal Palace of Aranjuez, Infante Francisco de Paula was the fourteenth child of King Carlos IV of Spain (1748–1819) and his wife Maria Luisa of Parma (1751–1819), a granddaughter of King Louis XV of France. He received the names Francisco de Paula Antonio Maria.
His parents had married twenty-nine years earlier and Francisco de Paula was the couple’s last child. As the youngest in a large family, he was his mother’s favorite. His father, King Carlos IV, had a passion for hunting and collecting clocks, but little interest in political affairs. He took a passive role in the direction of his own kingdom, leaving the government to his wife and to his prime minister, Manuel Godoy. Queen Maria Luisa thoroughly dominated the king. Lacking the political acumen necessary to hold power on her own, Maria Luisa deposited her trust and the rule of government on Godoy, whom she raised to prominence. Court rumors attributed the paternity of Francisco de Paula and his sister Maria Isabel, not to the king, but to Godoy. However, recent biographers and historians have found these claims to be both unproven and unlikely.
As a child, Francisco de Paula had blond hair, brown eyes and a tender expression. In the spring 1800, at the age of six, he was painted with his family by Francisco Goya in the portrait "Charles IV of Spain and His Family".
Francisco de Paula's education was different from the one provided to his two eldest brothers Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias and Infante Don Carlos. The plan of studies assigned to him was inspired by the pedagogical theories of Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi. Trying to implement this system of education throughout Spain, Godoy convinced the royal couple to apply it to their youngest son. Although his parents intended Francisco de Paula to pursue a career in the Spanish Navy, the Infante's education was abruptly interrupted by the Napoleonic intervention in Spain.
With the pretext of solving the differences between Charles IV and his eldest son, Ferdinand VII, who took over the government after the Mutiny of Aranjuez, Napoleon invited father and son to a meeting in Bayonne, France, pressing them both to renounce the Spanish crown and give it to him. After achieving his objective, Napoleon gave Spain to his brother Joseph Bonaparte and ordered the remaining members of the Spanish royal family out of the country.
While his parents and eldest brothers were at the conference in Bayonne with Napoleon, Francisco de Paula, then fourteen years old, was left behind at the Royal Palace of Madrid with his sister, the deposed Queen of Etruria, and her children. On 2 May 1808, at the departure of the Infante, the last remaining male member of royal family on Spanish soil, a crowd gathered in front of the Royal Palace in an attempt to prevent his removal. The appearance of Francisco de Paula, pale and overcome by emotion, touched the crowd. Poorly armed, the population confronted the French troops. The spontaneous popular uprising against the French invaders spread throughout Madrid, but the French General Murat brutally crushed the rebellion.
Exile.
For the next six years all the members of the Spanish royal family lived in exile. Ferdinand VII, his brother Infante Don Carlos and their uncle, old Infante Don Antonio, were confined under close surveillance at the Château de Valençay. Francisco de Paula, still a teenager, was the only child allowed to accompany their parents in exile in France.
King Carlos IV, the Queen and Infante Francisco de Paula, always followed by Godoy, were installed at the Château de Compiègne to the north-east of Paris. Looking for a warmer climate, they moved to Marseille in October 1808. They spent the next four years there, under increasingly strained circumstances. The Infante's sister, the Queen Etruria, was imprisoned in a convent in Rome by Napoleon. In order to be closer to her – and with fond memories of their early years in Naples and Parma – Francisco de Paula's parents moved with him to Rome in July 1812. They settled at Palazzo Borghese. During the Hundred Days, following Napoleon's escape from Elba, Murat, who had been King of Naples since 1808, marched on Rome in the Emperor's name. The family fled to Verona. After Napoleon's final defeat, the Spanish royal party returned to Rome, moving to Palazzo Barberini.
While in exile, Francisco de Paula's education was neglected. Godoy, who shared the same household with the deposed royal family, gave him some classes. In Rome, Francisco de Paula's parents tried to lead him to a career in the Church. He received minor orders, wore religious garments daily and the Pope offered to make him cardinal. However Francisco de Paula had no real inclination for clerical life.
With no sibling near his age, Francisco's constant companion was Godoy's daughter, Carlota de Godoy Borbon, Duchess of Sueca. In 1814 Francisco de Paula was twenty years old and Carlota was fourteen. As they were fond of each other, Queen Maria Luisa wished to marry them. Francisco de Paula was reluctant. Unhappy with Godoy's overwhelming presence and the corruption around him, the Infante wrote to his brother the king, asking him to be permitted to renounce his religious orders, and be allowed to follow a career in the Spanish army instead. Ferdinand VII, restored to the Spanish throne after Napoleon's fall, called his brother back to Spain in order to frustrate the prospect of a wedding with Godoy's daughter. By August 1816, both Carlos IV and Queen Maria Luisa allowed their youngest son to leave as his behavior in Rome had created concern.
The Infante left Rome on 22 November 1816. While in Lyon on his way to Spain, Francisco de Paula became entangled in a scandal that derailed the trip. It was discovered that he had taken as lover the mistress of one of his servants, who took financial advantage of the situation. The Infante asked for forgiveness. Ferdinand VII pardoned his brother but delayed his return to Madrid, ordering him to travel around the European courts. For the next seventeen months Infante Francisco de Paula visited Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Berlin, Weimar, Leipzig, Dresden, Prague, and Vienna. There were plans to marry him to a Princess of Saxony. In December 1817, Carlos IV proposed to marry Francisco to one of the twin daughters of the King of Bavaria. Neither of these two projects came to fruition. The Infante wanted to marry his niece, Princess Maria Luisa Carlota of Parma, then fourteen years old. However, the princess's mother, Maria Luisa (the former Queen of Etruria), opposed the union, considering her twenty-two-year-old brother too reckless for her young daughter. In March 1818, Ferdinand VII, pressured by his wife Isabel of Braganza, finally ordered his brother to return to Spain.
Duke of Cadiz.
Infante Francisco de Paula returned to Spain in April 1818. Ferdinand VII did not allow his brother a position of command in the Spanish Army as Francisco had wished, but otherwise showered him with honors and privileges. The Infante received the title of Duke of Cadiz and was made a Knight of the orders of Santiago, Calatrava, Alcantara and Montesa, as well as being given the control and income of some of the large properties these orders held in Spain. He also became a senior knight of the orders of St John of Jerusalem which brought similar benefits. He received the French order of Saint Spirit and was made an honorary member of the Royal Academy of Arts.
As Infante Francisco settled in the Royal Palace, his father, Carlos IV, shortly before his death, negotiated Francisco's marriage to Princess Luisa Carlotta of Bourbon Two Sicillies. This was with the consent of Ferdinand VII. Luisa Carlotta was the eldest daughter of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and Maria Isabel of Spain, Infante Francisco's sister. This was a union between uncle and niece. The couple married by proxy on 15 April 1819. On 14 May, Luisa Carlotta arrived in Barcelona. The ceremonial wedding took place on 9 June 1819 at the Royal Palace of Madrid. Francisco de Paula was twenty-five years old; Luisa Carlotta was only fifteen. She was lively, witty, strong willed, hot tempered and ambitious. Luisa Carlotta quickly dominated her husband, won the King's heart, and began to produce children who were granted the rank and status of Infantes of Spain. Between 1820 and 1834 the couple had eleven children. The family lived in a wing of the royal palace of Madrid and also spent periods of time at the palaces of la Granja, Aranjuez and Sevilla.
The position of Francisco de Paula and his wife at court was, however, a modest one. The Infante was only fifth in the line of succession—after his brother Don Carlos and Don Carlos's three sons. Hoping to have descendants, Ferdinand VII, who had no children from his first two wives, married for a third time four months after Francisco's wedding. During the 1820s Spain was a country in constant political turmoil, facing economic hardships. The economy had been devastated in the war of independence from France and by the loss of the Spanish colonies in the continental Americas. A revolution in 1820 imposed on Ferdinand VII the liberal constitution of 1812. This period lasted for three years. In 1823, with the approval of Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, and Austria, a French army invaded Spain and reinstated the King's absolute power. Constant political tensions between liberals and conservatives, who had the upper hand, continued. In this political struggle, Francisco de Paula, grateful, loyal and subservient to his brother the king, supported Ferdinand VII's conservative policies. However as the infante's political views were moderate, the ultra-royalist party at court viewed him as a liberal.
With a placid personality, Infante Francisco de Paula was more interested in art than in politics. The Infante, who in his childhood had received drawing lessons from the court painter and miniaturist Antonio Carnicero, was himself an amateur painter. Some of his works, including an oil painting of Saint Jerome, have survived. The Infante's main passion was music. Until he was forced to leave Spain for exile in 1808, he received music lessons from Pedro Anselmo Marchal and violin lessons from Francesco Vaccari. The Infante was a skillful singer with a good bass singing voice. His rooms at the Royal Palace were a gathering place for musicians and singers and he used to sing with them. The Infante also sang during musical evenings at the royal palace in the company of professional singers. From his youth until the end of his life, Francisco de Paula gathered an extensive sheet music collection that included almost 700 scores. This collection, acquired by the Biblioteca Nacional de España has been preserved to this day. When Ferdinand VII created the Madrid Royal Conservatory in 1830, the infante was made an honorary member.
Political struggles.
King Ferdinand VII remained childless during the 1820s. His third wife, Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony was barren. It was expected that his second brother, Infante Carlos, would succeed him. Religious and conservative, Don Carlos was married to the Portuguese Infanta Maria Francisca of Braganza. The couple had three sons. Infante Francisco de Paula supported his brothers's absolutist political views even if his own were more moderate liberal, but his energetic wife constantly dragged him into endless political struggles. Luisa Carlotta, although constantly pregnant, was meddlesome with a keen interest in government affairs. As she had a grudge against Maria Francisca and Maria Francisca's sister, Maria Teresa, Princess of Beira (widow of Francisco de Paula's cousin, Infante Pedro Carlos), Luisa Carlotta was determined to avoid Don Carlos becoming King after Ferdinand VII's death. The opportunity came with the death of Queen Maria Josepha in May 1829. On good terms with her brother in law Ferdinand VII, Luisa Carlotta convinced the king to marry her sister Maria Christina of the Two Sicilies. Their weeding took place in December that same year. The eldest of Ferdinand VII and Maria Christina's two daughters, Isabella, became heir to the crown thanks in great part to Luisa Carlotta's intervention. Don Carlos and his family opposed the change of the succession and they had to leave the country. Ferdinand VII died shortly after, on 29 September 1833.
At the ascension to the Spanish throne of the three-year-old Isabella II of Spain, under the regency of Queen Maria Christina, Infante Francisco de Paula was disappointed at not being included in the new government. Three months after Ferdinand VII's death, Maria Christina secretly contracted a morganatic marriage with a sergeant from the royal guard. Luisa Carlotta quarreled with her sister over this marriage. Within months, Don Francsico and his wife began to conspire against the regent with the support of the liberals. Spain plunged into turmoil as Don Carlos and his ultra-royalist followers attempted to seize power by force, unleashing a civil war (1833 -1839). Maria Christina held on to power with the help of the moderates. She mistrusted her ambitious sister and when in 1837 Don Francisco claimed a place in the senate, Maria Christina refused to approve his appointment. This not only thwarted the Infante's appointment, but cemented the enmity between Luisa Carlotta and her sister, the Queen regent. Their relationship never recovered. For the next five years Francisco de Paula and his wife intrigued against Maria Christina, undermining her power. These political intrigues were such as that Maria Christina ordered Infante Francisco and his family to move abroad.
Exiles and returns.
In the spring 1838 Infante Francisco de Paula, his wife and their children settled in exile in France accompanied by the Infante's personal secretary the Count of Parcent. They found a prominent position at the court of Louis Philippe King of the French, whose wife Queen Maria Amelia, was an aunt of Infanta Luisa Carlotta. The Duchess of Dino who met Don Francisco de Paula and his family at the French court, described them as follows: " The Infanta is very fair, with a face which, though washed out, is none the less stern, with a rough manner of speaking. I felt very ill at ease with her, although she was very courteous. Her husband is red-haired and ugly, and the whole tribe of little infantes, boys and girls, are utterly detestable". Meanwhile in Spain, General Espartero, credited for the victory over the Carlists in 1839, took the post of prime minister. He soon became virtually a dictator, and forced Queen Maria Cristina to resign the regency, sending her to exile in France in October 1840. Maria Cristina's fall from power opened the door for Infante Francisco de Paula return to Spain.
Once back in Spain, Francisco de Paula and Luisa Carlotta initially settled in Burgos as Espartero banned them from approaching the capital. Eventually, the regent relented and allowed them to live in Madrid, but not in the Royal Palace. The couple hoped to exert influence over the Queen and foster their plan of marrying Isabella II and her sister, Infanta Luisa Fernanda to their sons Infantes Don Francisco de Asis and Don Enrique. When they tried to pressure Espartero in sanctioning the double marriages, he banished them to Zaragoza in August 1842.
Arriving in Zaragoza in October 1842, the Infante and his wife were at the center of the opposition of Espartero's government. In November, the Infante's supporters tried to provoke a coup d'état overthrowing the regency in favor of Don Francisco de Paula. When the plan was discovered, Espartero expelled the infante and his wife from Spain once again. However his new exile was short lived. In July 1843, a military upraising combined with a conspiracy of the moderates overthrew the regency. The rebels declared Queen Isabella of age, and Espartero went into exile in England.
Infante Francisco returned to Madrid with his family. From then on they lived at their own residence, the Palace of San Juan, built in 1815 by Ferdinand VII, near the park of El Retiro. They also had a house in close proximity to the Royal Palace at No 40 La Luna street. On 29 January 1844, Luisa Carlotta died suddenly of measles, aged 39. Widowed, Francisco de Paula continued living at the palace of San Juan. He wished to remarry and made a proposal to his sister-in-law and niece Princess Maria Carolina of the Two Sicilies, but the project did not come to fruition. He renewed his efforts in his plan to marry his nieces to his two sons, but was not successful. However, under pressure of French diplomacy, Maria Cristina, who personally disliked his nephew Francisco de Asis, agreed to sanction the marriage of her daughter Queen Isabella to her cousin. Antoine, Duke of Montpensier, the youngest son of King Louis Philippe of France, was chosen as Infanta Luisa Fernanda's husband. The rejected Infante Don Enrique was involved in a conspiracy and had to go into exile.
Last years.
As his son, Francisco de Asis, became king consort on 10 October 1846, Francisco de Paula's profile at court rose. He was well liked by Isabella II and one of his daughters, Infanta Josepha, became the Queen's best friend. However, the marriage between his son and his niece was an unhappy one. In 1849, Infante Francisco de Paula tried to intervene in an effort to reconcile the spouses. He sided with the Queen, but because at the same time he suggested her to form a cabinet with members of the progressive party, the moderate government expelled him from Spain. In 1850, he was allowed to return. 
Back in Spain, Infante Francisco de Paula was involved in a scandal. He was found playing sexual games with two women while blindfolded. The women were sent away by the police. Eventually, at age fifty-eight, Francisco de Paula contracted a morganatic marriage on 19 December 1852 in Madrid. Little is known about his second wife, Teresa de Arredondo y Ramirez de Arellano, except that she was from Murcia and a good dancer. Her age is unknown, but she was much younger than her husband. She was not short of economical means as she brought into her marriage a considerable dowry. The couple had a son, Ricardo María de Arredondo, born a week after the wedding, on 26 December 1852. The child was not permitted to carry the Bourbon last name, instead he was given the title of Duke of San Ricardo by Isabella II in 1864.
His second marriage lasted twelve years and was a happy one. In letters and documents, Infante Francisco de Paula praised his wife's devotion to him. They lived a discreet life at the palace of San Juan. Don Francisco de Paula appeared frequently in court events, but always without his wife. Doña Teresa died, still young, on 29 December 1863. Their eleven-year-old son, Ricardo María, was put under the care of his maternal grandmother. In his will, Infante Francisco de Paula tried to protect his youngest son's inheritance and placed him under the custody of Queen Isabella II. Less than a year after his second widowhood, Infante Francisco de Paula died of colon cancer on 13 August 1865. He had wished to be buried at the church of San Francisco, but he was buried at the Escorial as was due a person of his rank.
Marriage and children.
Francisco de Paula married twice. His first wife was his niece Princess Luisa Carlotta of Naples and Sicily, daughter of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and Maria Isabel of Spain. They married on 12 June 1819 in Madrid and had eleven children.
Infante Francisco de Paula contracted a morganatic marriage on 19 December 1852 with Teresa de Arredondo y Ramirez de Arellano. They had one son.
Ancestry.
Francisco's ancestors in four generations

</doc>
<doc id="9733946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733946" title="SM U-20 (Germany)">
SM U-20 (Germany)

SM "U-20" was a German Type U 19 U-boat built for service in the Imperial German Navy. She was launched on 18 December 1912, and commissioned on 5 August 1913. During World War I, she took part in operations around the British Isles. The U-20 became infamous following her sinking of the British ocean liner on 7 May 1915, an act that dramatically reshaped the course of World War I.
Career.
On 7 May 1915, "U-20" was patrolling off the southern coast of Ireland under the command of Kapitänleutnant Walther Schwieger. Three months earlier, on 4 February, the Germans had established a U-boat blockade around Great Britain and Ireland and had declared any vessel in it a legitimate target.
At about 1:40 pm Schwieger saw a vessel approaching through his periscope. From a distance of about 700 m Schwieger noted she had four funnels and two masts making her a liner of some sort. He recognised her as the "Lusitania", a vessel in the British Fleet Reserve, and fired a single torpedo. It hit on the starboard side, almost directly below the bridge. Following the torpedo's explosion, the liner was shattered by a second explosion, possibly caused by either coal dust, munitions in the hold, or a boiler explosion, so large Schwieger himself was surprised. In 18 minutes, "Lusitania" had sunk to the bottom, where she lies today in 300 feet of water, with 1198 casualties.
Fifteen minutes after he had fired his torpedo, Schwieger noted in his war diary:
There was at the time and remains now a great controversy about the sinking, over whether "Lusitania" was smuggling contraband war material to England and over the number of torpedoes Schwieger fired.
Before he got back to the docks at Wilhelmshaven for refuelling and resupply, the United States had formally protested to Berlin against the brutality of his action.
Kaiser Wilhelm II wrote in the margins of the American note, "Utterly impertinent", "outrageous", and "this is the most insolent thing in tone and bearing that I have had to read since the Japanese note last August." Nevertheless, to keep America out of the war, in June the Kaiser was compelled to rescind unrestricted submarine warfare and require all passenger liners be left unmolested.
On 4 September 1915 Schwieger was back at sea with "U-20", eighty-five miles off the Fastnet Rock in the south Irish Sea. This rock held one of the key navigational markers in the western ocean, the Fastnet Lighthouse, and any ships passing in and out of the Irish Sea would be within visual contact of it.
RMS "Hesperian" was now beginning a new run outward bound from Liverpool to Quebec and Montreal, with a general cargo, also doubling as a hospital ship, and carrying about 800 passengers. She was attacked off the Fastnet, a landmark islet in the north Atlantic, off the south-west coast of Ireland. The "History of the Great War: The Merchant Navy, Vol. II", by Hurd, reads:
This time, Schwieger was received with official disgust upon his return to Wilhelmshaven. Ordered to report to Berlin to explain himself, he was required to apologise for having sunk another passenger liner in defiance of a direct order not to do so again. He complained about his treatment in Berlin thereafter.
After his death in 1917, Schwieger was forgiven in Berlin. He received Germany's highest decoration, the Pour le Mérite, having sunk 190,000 tons of shipping.
Fate.
On 4 November 1916 "U-20" grounded on the Danish coast south of Vrist, a little north
of Thorsminde after suffering damage to its engines. Her crew destroyed her in an explosion the following day.
Post scripts.
Gun.
After the explosion, the Danish navy removed the deck gun and made it unserviceable by cutting holes in vital parts. The gun was kept in the naval stores at Holmen in Copenhagen for almost 80 years.
Conning tower.
The conning tower of "U-20" has been recovered. It is now on display at the Strandingsmuseum St. George Thorsminde.
Discovery.
Novelist Clive Cussler claims his National Underwater and Marine Agency (NUMA) located the remains of "U-20" in 1984, about 400 yards from shore.

</doc>
<doc id="9733965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733965" title="Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter">
Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter

The Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter (Polish designation: RTON Gubałówka) is a facility for FM- and TV-transmission on the Gubałówka mountain at Zakopane, Poland. The Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter uses a 102 metre high free-standing lattice tower located at . It is situated at 1,122 metres above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="9733970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733970" title="Triewaldsgränd">
Triewaldsgränd

Triewaldsgränd () is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching south from the square Järntorget to Kornhamnstorg and Munkbroleden, it forms a parallel street to Funckens Gränd and Järntorgsgatan.
The name is derived from the German farrier and anchor smith Mårten Triewald the Elder who bought a building on number 5 in 1694. He is mostly known through his sons, the captain and mechanic Mårten Triewald the Younger, co-founder of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, and the diplomat and poet Samuel von Triewald. The street is labelled "Triwalds gr"["änd"] on a map dated 1733, but is humorously referred to as "Trivialsgränd" ("The Trivial Alley"), either a paraphrasing of the original name or referring to the block north of Järntorget named "Trivia".

</doc>
<doc id="9733996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9733996" title="Fairfield Stags men's basketball">
Fairfield Stags men's basketball

The Fairfield Stags men's basketball team represents Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut and competes in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference of NCAA Division I. The Stags play their home games in the 9,500 seat, state of the art Webster Bank Arena in Bridgeport, Connecticut and plays two games per season in Alumni Hall back on the campus of Fairfield University. The team is currently coached by Sydney Johnson, the 2011 Ivy League Coach of the Year.
The Stags have experienced the thrill of post-season tournament action fourteen times having competed in the NAIA Tournament in 1951; the NCAA DII Tournament in 1960, 1961 and 1962; the National Invitational Tournament in 1973, 1974, 1978, 1996, 2003; and 2011 NIT; and the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament in 1986, 1987 and 1997. In the 1973 National Invitation Tournament, the Stags advanced to the second round where the team lost by one point to eventual champion Virginia Tech. And in the 1997 NCAA Tournament, the Stags nearly achieved a historical upset of top-seeded North Carolina after leading the Tar Heels by seven points at halftime. The team also won the MAAC Regular Season Title in 1986 and the MAAC Championship Tournament in 1986, 1987 and 1997.
Individually, Joe DeSantis earned All-American honors in 1979; Darren Phillip was the nation's top rebounder averaging 14 rebounds per game in 2000; and Deng Gai was the nation's top shot blocker in 2005 averaging 5.5 blocks per game which ranks #5 on the NCAA's all-time blocked shot average list. Thirteen Stags have been either drafted or signed to play in the National Basketball Association.
History.
Dawn of the Stags.
Through the efforts of Rev. Victor Leeber, S.J., Fairfield University introduced men's basketball in 1948 and has since played 59 continuous seasons of hoops through the 2007-08 season. Fairfield played its first-ever game against Brooklyn College in Brooklyn, NY, losing 46-78, and won its first-ever game that season against Hillyer College (now the University of Hartford), 47-37, in Bridgeport, CT at the Bridgeport Armory, Fairfield's original home court. During the 1950-1951 season, under new Head Coach James Hanrahan, the still fledgling program experienced its first winning season with a 16-11 overall record and received the school's first ever postseason berth in the 1951 NAIA National Men's Basketball Championship Tournament.
Red Stags Rising.
During the 1958-1959 season Head Coach George Bisacca took over the program and proceeded to elevate the Stags to a higher level experiencing only 1 losing season in 10 years. The Stags received three straight postseason berths to the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship Tournament between 1960 and 1962 and advanced to the 2nd round in 1960 and 1961. On the heals of this postseason success, Fairfield upgraded the program up to Division 1 hoops during the 1964-1965 season. The following year, the 1965-66 team went 19-5 and became the first Fairfield team to be ranked in the UPI/AP Top 20 poll.
The Golden Barakat Era.
The most successful stretch of Fairfield basketball occurred under Head Coach Fred Barakat when the Stags received three berths in the post-season NIT in six years which was chronicled in the book, 25 Years Plus One: Recounting the Meteoric Rise of Fairfield Basketball, by Connecticut sportswriter, Don Harrison. During the 1972-73 season the Stags finished with an 18-9 overall record and were invited to the post-season NIT for the first time in the programs history. In the 1st round, Captain George Groom led the Stags to an 80-76 victory over Marshall University playing before 13,904 fans at Madison Square Garden. In the 2nd round, the Stags fell 76-77 to the eventual National Champion Virginia Tech Gooblers before more than 17,000 fans. The Stags followed up this success with a 17-9 overall record and a second invitation to the post-season NIT during the 1973-74 season. In the 1st round, Captain Richie O'Connor led the Stags to a 37-32 halftime lead before falling 65-66 to the University of Hawaii before 17,739 fans. The Stags returned to the post-season NIT for the third time during the 1977-78 season following the program's first 20 win season (22-5 overall) and a record point setting 123-108 victory over the then 14th ranked Holy Cross Crusaders. In the 1st round of the tournament, Junior Mark Young led the Stags with a 32 performance in a 93-108 losing effort to the Dayton Flyers.
Back to Backs in the MAAC.
Fairfield earned its first berth in NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship in 1986 after sweeping though the St. Peter's Peacocks, Iona Gael and Holy Cross Crusaders in route to winning the MAAC Championship. The Stags faced the Illinois Fighting Illini in the first round of Southeast Regional of the 1986 NCAA Tournament. Jeff Gromos led all Fairfield scorers with 16 points, followed by Pat Yerina with 13 points. The Stags were coached by first year head coach Mitch Buonoguoro and ended the year with a 24-7 record, the most wins in school history.
The following season, Fairfield overcame an injured-plaqued season to mount an improbable run to its second consecutive MAAC Championship and to earn its second consecutive bid to the 1987 NCAA Tournament. The Stags defeated the LaSalle Explorer, Army Black Knights and needed the heroics of a last second shot by A. J. Wynder to help propel the Stags past the Iona Gaels in overtime and to the MAAC Championship. The Stags faced the top-seeded and eventual national champion Indiana Hoosiers in the first round of the Midwest Regional before 29,610 fans in the Hoosier Dome. Jeff Gromos led all Fairfield scorers with 21 points, followed by A. J. Wynder with 15 points.
During the 1995-96 season Head Coach Paul Cormier led the Stags to a 20-10 overall record, an appearance in the MAAC championship game and the program's fourth berth in the NIT. In the opening round of the NIT, the Stags played the Providence College Friars before 6,368 fans at the New Haven Coliseum. Led by Shannon Bowman the Stags held a 46-43 half time lead before eventually falling 78-69 to the Friars.
Picked to win the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference in 1996-97, Fairfield suffered through an injury-plagued regular season and finished in last place. But the Stags made a Cinderella run in the MAAC tournament, defeating top seed Iona, St. Peter's and Canisius to capture the league's automatic berth in the 1997 NCAA Tournament despite an 11-18 record. Fairfield then gave top seeded North Carolina all it could handle in the first round of the East Region in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The Stags opened a 37-28 lead early in the second half before their bid to become the first 16 seed to win a NCAA Tournament game fell 82-74. Stag legend Greg Francis '97 almost single-handedly upset the Tar Heels scoring 26 points including eight three-pointers. Following the game, legendary North Carolina coach Dean Smith said "I had to find Francis after the game but I couldn't shake his hand because it was so hot."
O'Toole Time.
In 2002, Stags basketball moved from the comfy confines of the on-campus Alumni Hall to the new state-of-the-art 9,500 seat Webster Bank Arena in Bridgeport, CT. During that same season, Head Coach Tim O'Toole '87 led the Stags to an 19-12 overall record, an appearance to the MAAC tournament championship game, and the program's fifth berth in the NIT. In the opening round of the NIT, Nick Delfico led the Stags with 14 points in a 90-78 losing effort to the Boston College Eagles before 6,500 fans at the arena. During 2004-2005 season, Deng Gai '05 led the nation in shots blocked with 5.5 blocks per game and graduated as number eight on the NCAA's all-time blocked shots list.
Cooley and the Gang.
On April 11, 2006, Ed Cooley (former Boston College Eagles assistant coach) became the program's eleventh Head Coach ushering in a new era of Stags basketball. During the first round of the 2010 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT) the Stags overcame a 27-point deficit with 16:08 left to play to defeat George Mason in overtime, 101-96. The 27-point comeback is the biggest in Division I postseason history. The Stags were led by senior Mike Evanovich who finished with a career-high 32 points and a school record nine three-pointers including one with 0.9 seconds in regulation to send the game into overtime. Fellow senior Anthony Johnson led the Stags in overtime scoring 9 points and finished with 25 points in the game. And at the conclusion of the 2010 season, Coach Cooley received the inaugural 2010 Ben Jobe National Coach of the Year Award, presented annually to the top minority men's basketball coach in the nation, in recogniton of his coaching the Stags through numerous injuries to a near school record 23-win season and Derek Needham was named a Freshman All-American. During the 2010-11 season, Fairfield won the MAAC Regular Season Title and earned a berth in the 2011 NIT where the Stags beat the Colorado State Rams, 62-60, in the first round. Additionally, Coach Ed Cooley and sophomore Derek Needham earned recognition from the United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) with Cooley named the District I Coach of the Year and Needham selected to the District I-New England team.
Johnson Era.
In 2011, the Stags hired Princeton head coach Sydney Johnson as their next head coach.
Postseason.
NCAA Division I Tournament results.
The Stags have appeared in the NCAA Division I Tournament three times. Their combined record is 0–3.
NCAA Division II Tournament results.
The Stags have appeared in the NCAA Division II Tournament three times. Their combined record is 11–5.
NIT results.
The Stags have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) six times. Their combined record is 2–6.
CIT results.
The Stags have appeared in the CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT) three times. Their combined record is 4–3.
Stags in the NBA Draft.
The following Stag players were selected in the National Basketball Association draft or signed as free agents:
WVOF radio broadcasts.
WVOF is the home of Fairfield Stags men's basketball. Men's basketball coverage is led play-by-play analyst Bob Heussler with color commentary from Stag basketball legend Joe DeSantis '79.

</doc>
<doc id="9734011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734011" title="Lyre, Lyre, Hearts on Fire">
Lyre, Lyre, Hearts on Fire

"Lyre, Lyre, Hearts on Fire" is the tenth episode of the fifth season of the syndicated television series "". It was written by Adam Armus and Nora Kay Foster, directed by Mark Beesley, and first aired on January 17, 1999.
In the episode, Xena, Gabrielle and Joxer head to Melodia, Greece's musical capital, to participate in a battle of the bands to retrieve the Golden Lyre. Meanwhile, Joxer is embarrassed by his camp brother, Jace. 
The episode is the second musical episode of the series following "The Bitter Suite", although unlike "The Bitter Suite" which featured original music, "Lyre, Lyre" mostly uses existing songs including "War", "Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves", "(There's) Always Something There to Remind Me", "Kick Out the Jams" and "People Got to Be Free". It also includes the song "Getting Ready", with a tune and style based on the song "The Telephone Hour" from the musical Bye Bye Birdie.
Plot
Xena and Gabrielle break up an impending conflict between a band of Amazons and the warlord Draco and his gang. The two groups are clashing over a lyre, one of several secreted around Greece by the muse Terpsichore to encourage the development of music. Xena suggests holding a "battle of the bands" to determine ownership of the lyre and both sides agree.
Word of the contest spreads to the nearby city of Melodia and dozens of performers turn out to compete. Among them is Jace, the third identical triplet of Joxer. Jace is a flamboyant performer who displays stereotypically gay mannerisms and affects a fake Spanish accent and Joxer is ashamed of him. Xena tries to organize the contest while dodging her mother who, upon discovering that Xena is pregnant, sends a succession of suitors her way. Xena finally convinces her mother that she has a family already to raise her child and she doesn't need a husband.
Draco, who has long been in love with Gabrielle under a spell of Cupid's arrow, kidnaps Gabrielle just before the battle of the bands begins. Xena confronts Draco, frees Gabrielle and wins the battle of the bands. She donates the lyre back to the people of Melodia. During a stirring finale, Jace and Joxer reconcile.
Soundtrack.
A companion soundtrack CD, also titled "Lyre, Lyre, Hearts on Fire", was released on June 13, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9734016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734016" title="Beanpot Cycling Classic">
Beanpot Cycling Classic

The Beanpot Cycling Classic is a collegiate cycling race weekend, held near Boston each spring. For many years it was the largest normal season collegiate race weekend in North America, hosting over 400 competitors each year.
Races.
The Classic consists of three races: a team time trial and a road race, both hosted in Grafton and Westborough, Massachusetts, and a criterium, held in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The race weekend is a regular season road race weekend in the Eastern Collegiate Cycling Conference, and winners garner points that advance them and their schools in divisional standings. Schools are awarded triple points, due to having three races in the event. Winning schools receive a clay beanpot as a trophy.
Team Time Trial
The team time trial is held on a seven-mile course. In 2005 and 2006 the time trial descended from Grafton center and traveled along mostly flat farmland before returning for a tough climb back into the town center.
Road Race
The road race is held on a 13-mile rolling course, starting and finishing at the campus of the Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine, the veterinary school at Tufts University. 
Breaks often form on the deceptive Brigham Hill, a 3/4 mile climb with a false crest halfway up.
Optimal viewing locations are along Brigham Hill, along the hill on East St. in North Grafton, and at the start/finish at the Tufts Veterinary School.
Criterium
The criterium is held on a fast, technical course along Professor’s Row at the main campus of Tufts University. The fast, sharp turns and repeated climbs cause the race to break early. The second turn is especially demanding, positioned at the foot of a steep descent. Racers must be especially careful here to avert disaster.
Organization.
The Beanpot is organized by a consortium of Boston-area college cycling clubs. Historically, the time trial is organized by Boston University, the road race by Harvard University, and the criterium by Tufts University. MIT, Northeastern University, and Boston College coordinate finances, promotion, fund-raising, and administration for the event.
Two raffles are typically held to raise funds. One raffle has cycling-specific prizes such as components or wheels. The other raffle has general-interest prizes such as gift certificates to local restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="9734064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734064" title="Development and Peace (political party)">
Development and Peace (political party)

Development and Peace (, "Pituah VeShalom"), originally known as Flatto-Sharon (Hebrew: פלאטו שרון) was a right wing one-man political party in Israel.
Background.
The party was founded after Shmuel Flatto-Sharon had fled to Israel from France in 1976 after being charged with embezzling $60 million. In order to prevent his extradition, which France had requested, and despite hardly speaking Hebrew, he decided to run in the 1977 Knesset elections, hoping to gain parliamentary immunity.
Named after himself, Flatto-Sharon's party ran on right-wing populism (he was a supporter of the Gush Emunim settlement movement) and promises to provide apartments to young voters.
The new party won 2% of the vote, enough for two seats. However, as it was a one-man list, only one seat was taken. It has been suggested that the surprising level of support that the party won was a response to France's refusal to extradite Abu Daoud, who was wanted in Israel for the murder of 11 Israeli Olympic athletes in Munich. Once ensconced in the Knesset, Flatto-Sharon joined Menachem Begin's coalition, with one of his first acts being to vote in favour of a law that prohibited the extradition of Israeli citizens.
Later during the Knesset session he renamed the party "Development and Peace" and also helped in negotiations to free Israeli POWs. However, after serving for two years, Flatto-Sharon was convicted of vote buying, sentenced to nine months in prison and suspended from the Knesset. After several appeals, he was finally jailed for three months in 1984.
The party ran in the 1981 and 1984 elections, but did not pass the electoral threshold of 1% in either, and subsequently disappeared. Flatto-Sharon was never extradited to France to serve the five-year sentence given to him in his absence, as the five-year statute of limitations had expired. He is now an established businessman and billionaire.

</doc>
<doc id="9734066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734066" title="Beta Pictoris moving group">
Beta Pictoris moving group

The Beta Pictoris Moving Group is a young moving group of stars located relatively near Earth. A moving group, in astronomy, is a group of stars that share a common motion through space as well as a common origin. This moving group is named for Beta Pictoris.
The Beta Pictoris Moving Group is an important object for astronomical study as it is the closest youthful group of stars to the Earth. The star Beta Pictoris is known to have a large disk of gas and dust, possibly a protoplanetary disk. There is also evidence of a young gas giant planet around the star. A free-floating planet has also been found in the moving group, PSO J318.5-22. The age and distance of the group makes it a candidate for directly imaging extrasolar planets.
Constituents.
The Beta Pictoris Moving Group consists of 17 stellar systems, comprising a total of 28 individual component stars, including identified brown dwarfs. The core of the group is located some 115 light-years from Earth, and has an average estimated age of between 10 and 30 million years.
The majority of the group is made up of cool, dim K and M class stars. Most are not visible to the naked eye. The members that are visible to the naked eye are:
The group covers a region of space for the most part visible only in the Southern Hemisphere, and lies in the constellations Eridanus, Lepus, Pictor, Scorpius, Fornax, Triangulum Australe and Telescopium.
Discovery.
An early estimated age for the star Beta Pictoris at about 10 million years proved problematic due to the star's apparent isolation in space. According to current theory regarding stellar evolution, extremely young stars of this age should be located near other young stars that formed from the same region in space. It is not until significantly later that gravitational interactions with other stars causes stellar 'siblings' to disperse.
In 1999 the situation was resolved by the discovery of a pair of dim red dwarf stars that were found to have a similar velocity and age to β Pictoris, lending credence to the estimated age of the star.
Further work published in 2001 identified a total of 17 stellar systems with a similar motion and age as the Beta Pictoris moving group, named for the primary member of the association.

</doc>
<doc id="9734068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734068" title="Indium halides">
Indium halides

There are three sets of indium halides, the trihalides, the monohalides, and several intermediate halides.
In the monohalides the oxidation state of indium is +1 and their proper names are indium(I) fluoride, indium(I) chloride, indium(I) bromide and indium(I) iodide.
The intermediate halides contain indium with oxidation states, +1, +2 and +3.
Indium trihalides.
In all of the trihalides the oxidation state of indium is +3, and their proper names are indium(III) fluoride, indium(III) chloride, indium(III) bromide, and indium(III) iodide. The trihalides are Lewis acidic. Indium trichloride is a starting point in the production of trimethylindium which is used in the semiconductor industry.
Indium(III) fluoride.
InF3 is a white crystalline solid with mp 1170 °C. Its structure contains 6 coordinate indium.
Indium(III) chloride.
InCl3 is a white crystalline solid mp 586 °C. It has the same structure as AlCl3.
Indium(III) bromide.
InBr3 is a pale yellow crystalline solid, m.p. 435 °C. It has the same structure as AlCl3. InBr3 is finding some use in organic synthesis as a water tolerant Lewis acid.
Indium(III) iodide.
InI3 is a coloured crystalline solid, usually described as orange. Distinct yellow and a red forms are known. The red form undergoes a transition to the yellow at 57 °C. The structure of the red form has not been determined by X-Ray crystallography, however spectroscopic evidence indicates that indium may be six coordinate. The yellow form consists of In2I6 with 4 coordinate indium centres. It is used as an "iodide getter" in the Cativa Process.
Intermediate halides.
A surprising number of intermediate chlorides and bromides are known, but only one iodide, and no difluoride. Rather than the apparent oxidation state of +2, these compounds contain indium in the +1 and +3 oxidation states. Thus the diiodide is described as InIInIIIX4. It was some time later that the existence of compounds containing the anion In2Br62− were confirmed which contains an indium-indium bond. Early work on the chlorides and bromides involved investigations of the binary phase diagrams of the trihalides and the related monohalide. Many of the compounds were initially misidentified as many of them are incongruent and decompose before melting. The majority of the previously reported chlorides and bromides have now either had their existence and structures confirmed by X Ray diffraction studies or have been consigned to history. Perhaps the most unexpected case of mistaken identity was the surprising result that a careful reinvestigation of the InCl/InCl3 binary phase diagram did not find InCl2. 
The reason for this abundance of compounds is that indium forms 4 and 6 coordinate anions containing indium(III) e.g. InBr4−, InCl63− as well as the anion In2Br62− that surprisingly contains an indium-indium bond.
In7Cl9 and In7Br9.
In7Cl9 is yellow solid stable up to 250oC that is formulated InI6 (InIIICl6)Cl3
In5Br7.
In5Br7 is a pale yellow solid. It is formulated InI3 (InII2Br6)Br. The InII2Br6 anion has an eclipsed ethane like structure with a metal-metal bond length of 270 pm.
In2Cl3 and In2Br3.
In2Cl3 is colourless and is formulated InI3 InIIICl6 In contrast In2Br3 contains the In2Br6 anion as present in In5Br7, and is formulated InI(InII2Br6) with a structure similar to Ga2Br3.
In4Br7.
In4Br7 is near colourless with a pale greenish yellow tint. It is light sensitive (like TlCl and TlBr) decaying to InBr2 and In metal. It is a mixed salt containing the InBr4− and InBr63− anions balanced by In+ cations. It is formulated InI5 (InIIIBr4)2 (InIIIBr6) The reasons for the distorted lattice have been ascribed to an antibonding combination between doubly filled, non-directional indium 5s orbitals and neighboring bromine 4p hybrid orbitals.
In5Cl9.
In5Cl9 is formulated as InI3InIII2Cl9. The In2Cl93− anion has two 6 coordinate indium atoms with 3 bridging chlorine atoms, face sharing bioctahedra, with a similar structure to Cr2Cl92− and Tl2Cl92−.
InBr2 and InI2.
InBr2 is a greenish white crystalline solid, which is formulated InIInIII Br4. It has the same structure as GaCl2. InBr2 is soluble in aromatic solvents and some compounds containing η6-arene In(I) complexes have been identified. (See hapticity for an explanation of the bonding in such arene-metal ion complexes). With some ligands InBr2 forms neutral complexes containing an indium-indium bond.
InI2 is a yellow solid that is formulated InIInIIII4.
Monohalides.
The solid monohalides InCl, InBr and InI are all unstable with respect to water, decomposing to the metal and indium(III) species. They fall between gallium(I) compounds, which are more reactive and thallium(I) that are stable with respect to water. InI is the most stable. Up until relatively recently the monohalides have been scientific curiosities, however with the discovery that they can be used to prepare indium cluster and chain compounds they are now attracting much more interest.
InF.
InF only known as an unstable gaseous compound.
InCl.
The room temperature form of InCl is yellow, with a cubic distorted NaCl structure. The red high temperature (>390oC) has the codice_1-TlI structure.
InBr.
InBr is a red crystalline solid, mp 285oC. It has the same structure as codice_2-TlI, with an orthorhombic distorted rock salt structure. It can be prepared from indium metal and InBr3.
InI.
InI is a deep red purple crystalline solid. It has the same structure as codice_2-TlI. It can be made by direct combination of its constituent elements at high temperature. Alternatively it can be prepared from InI3 and indium metal in refluxing xylenes. It is the most stable of the solid monohalides and is soluble in some organic solvents. Solutions of InI in a pyridine/m-xylene mixture are stable below 243 K.
Anionic halide complexes of In(III).
The trihalides are Lewis Acids and form addition compounds with ligands. For InF3 there are few examples known however for the other halides addition compounds with tetrahedral, trigonal bipyramidal and octahedral coordination geometries are known.
With halide ions there are examples of all of these geometries along with some anions with octahedrally coordinated indium and with bridging halogen atoms, In2X93− with three bridging halogen atoms and In2X7− with just one.
Additionally there are examples of indium with square planar geometry in the InX52- ion. The square planar geometry of InCl52− was the first found for a main group element.
InX4− and InX63−.
Salts of InCl4−, InBr4− and InI4− are known. The salt LiInF4 has been prepared however it does not contain tetrahedral anions but has an unusual layer structure with octahedrally coordinated Indium atoms. Salts of InF63-, InCl63− and InBr63− have all been made.
InCl52− and InBr52−.
The InCl52− ion has been found to be square pyramidal in the salt (NEt4)2 InCl5, with the same structure as (NEt4)2 TlCl5, but is trigonal bipyramidal in tetraphenylphosphonium pentachloroindate acetonitrile solvate 
The InBr52− ion has similarly been found square pyramidal, albeit distorted, in the Bis(4-chloropyridinium) salt and trigonal bipyramidal in Bi37InBr48
In2X7−.
The In2X7− ions contain a single bridging halogen atom. Whether the bridge is bent or linear cannot be determined from the spectra. The chloride and bromide have been detected using electrospray mass spectrometry. The In2I7− ion has been prepared in the salt CsIn2I7.
In2X93−.
The caesium salts of In2Cl93− and In2Br93− both contain binuclear anions with octahedrally coordinated Indium atoms.
Anionic halide complexes of In(I) and In(II).
InIX2− and InIX32−.
InIX2- is produced when the In2X62- ion disproportionates. Salts containing the InIX32− ions have been made and their vibrational spectra interpreted as showing that they have C3v symmetry, trigonal pyramidal geometry, with structures similar to the isoelectronic SnX3− ions.
In2Cl62−, In2Br62− and In2I62−.
Salts of the chloride, bromide and iodide ions ( Bu4N)2In2X6 have been prepared. In non aqueous solvents this ion disproportionates to give InIX2− and InIIIX4−.
Neutral Indium(II) halide adducts.
Following the discovery of the In2Br62- a number of related neutral compounds containing the InII2X4 kernel have been formed from the reaction of indium dihalides with neutral ligands. Some chemists refer to these adducts, when used as the starting point for the synthesis of cluster compounds as ‘In2X4’ e.g. the TMEDA adduct.

</doc>
<doc id="9734072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734072" title="Kirit Pradyot Deb Barman">
Kirit Pradyot Deb Barman

Pradyot Bikram Manikya Deb Barma, also known as P.B.K Manikya (born July 4, 1978), is the head of the Royal House of Tripura. He was born and brought up in Delhi, India.He is the current General Secretary of the Tripura Pradesh Congress and also the editor of TNT-The Northeast Today Magazine.
Politics, media and sports.
Barman launched The Northeast Today, a magazine targeted at residents of India's northeastern states.

</doc>
<doc id="9734120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734120" title="Title I (disambiguation)">
Title I (disambiguation)

Title I ("Title 1" or "Title One") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9734169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734169" title="Death Ray (magazine)">
Death Ray (magazine)

Death Ray was a British magazine devoted to science fiction and fantasy in all its forms, especially media-related topics and novels. It was published every two months, with the first issue going on sale in May 2007. Typical issues were 132 pages, perfect bound, on glossy paper.
History.
"Death Ray" was created by Matt Bielby, the ex-Future Publishing staff member who was editor on some of that company's significant titles, including "Total Film" magazine and "SFX" magazine, the dominant SF title. "Death Ray" is published by Blackfish Publishing, Bielby's magazine company, based in Bath, UK.
At their launches in 2007 "Death Ray" and "SciFiNow", launched April 2007, were the first magazines in recent years to challenge "SFX"'s dominance of the science fiction magazine market in the UK but neither has yet to approach "SFX" in terms of popularity or sales. (A UK version of the American science fiction magazine "Starlog" was published for a couple years beginning in May 2000.) However, the magazine has been described by one source as wordier and offering greater depth than its two main competitors.
In August 2008, Blackfish Publishing announced it had been bought by Rebellion Developments, the video game producer who already publish "2000 AD" and Abaddon Books. At that point, "Death Ray" changed to a new format (longer but quarterly) to allow Blackfish to launch other monthly special-interest titles such as "Filmstar", though the title is now bimonthly.
In October 2009, it was announced that "Death Ray" was to cease production, with issue 21 being the last in its run.
Structure.
Regular sections of the magazine include: Heat Ray, a news section; New Gods, featuring interviews with current 'hot properties' in science fiction; Deep Thought, with opinion and 'think piece' columns; and Dark Stars, the name of the reviews section, particularly notable for its extensive coverage of books.
Name.
Bielby has said that the magazine's name is influenced by a combination of a) the name of the influential 1990s Californian music magazine "Ray Gun", b) the name of the Martian 'heat-ray' weapon from H. G. Wells' "The War of the Worlds" (1898), c) the single issue story 'The Death Ray' from Daniel Clowes' "Eightball" comic book, d) an Australian comic book from WW2 called "The Death Ray", and e) issue 64 of Marvel Comics' "The Mighty Avengers", '…Like a Death Ray From the Sky!' (May 1969).

</doc>
<doc id="9734216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734216" title="CustomerVision BizWiki">
CustomerVision BizWiki

CustomerVision BizWiki was a wiki application, geared to medium- and large-sized businesses, that existed from around 2006 to 2008. It was developed and sold by CustomerVision, a company founded by Cindy Rockwell, Brian Keairns and Cliff Monlux.
CustomerVision BizWiki was reviewed in publications such as "Network World", "Intranet Journal" and "internetnews.com". It was also a finalist for the "Intranet Journal" Product of the Year 2007 and KMWorld Magazine's 2006 KM Promise Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9734217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734217" title="Bob Hogg">
Bob Hogg

Robert (Bob) Duncan Hogg AO is an Australian Labor Party (ALP) identity, and former ALP National Secretary.
Career.
As a columnist, Bob Hogg has sometimes expressed views at variance with those of the ALP; during the 1999 debate on a GST he criticised those opposing the tax (including independent Brian Harradine) on the grounds that such a tax would ensure funding for policies traditionally advocated by Labor, such as state schools and hospitals.
Biography.
He was married to Caroline Hogg (née Kluht) from 1967 to 1996, with whom he had two children. For 17 years Caroline Hogg held a seat in the Victorian Legislative Council, and held various state ministries.
He is currently the partner of Maxine McKew, a leading Australian journalist and former Labor member for the Division of Bennelong. They live in the Sydney suburb of Epping, New South Wales.
Honours.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1995.
He received a Centenary Medal for "significant contribution to Australian politics" in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9734249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734249" title="Sosnovo">
Sosnovo

Sosnovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="9734256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734256" title="Richard McCormick">
Richard McCormick

Richard McCormick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9734257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734257" title="Reuven Brenner">
Reuven Brenner

Reuven Brenner (born 1947) is a Romanian-born Israeli-Canadian economics professor, holding the REPAP Chair of Economics at McGill University's Desautels Faculty of Management.
Notability.
Forbes magazine has called the professor one of "six economists every entrepreneur should Know". Additionally, Asia Times praised him for creating a model that makes real world sense.
Career.
Over the last thirty years he has consulted for companies including Bank of America, Knowledge Universe, Bell Canada. The son of concentration camp survivors, he was born in 1947 in Romania, and immigrated to Israel where he served in the Israeli Army during both the Six Day War and Yom Kippur War.
At the core of his economic model is the view that the metaphysical trumps the physical, with human capital the source of true wealth creation around the world. Physical wealth, as in wealth that comes from the ground is not portable, which means it can easily be taxed, or worse, expropriated. His most recent book, "A World of Chance" argues that at one time gambling fulfilled roles performed by venture capital and banking do today, and that modern financial institutions retain a strong gambling core. The book shows how people dealt with uncertainty and risk since antiquity; how they rationalized a variety of beliefs and institutions that made it appear that decisions had some solid backing; and how people in fact made decisions on a variety of issues linked to finance, gambling, insurance, religion and politics.
In his 2002 book, "Force of Finance", Brenner notes that economic success in certain countries often results from "political blunders of other nations," that lead "to the rapid outflow of both capital and talented people." The book also discusses the various monetary policy options, pointing out the flaws in inflation rate targeting and floating exchange rates, and suggests that economists have misunderstood the proper role of gold. Brenner also integrates his views about democratization of capital markets and entrepreneurship with issues such as nationalism and tolerance, as well as with details about political institutions that can best maintain accountability, illustrating the latter with Swiss' unique "direct democracy."
In addition to "Force of Finance", Reuven Brenner is the author of seven other books. "Labyrinths of Prosperity" helps to explain among other things why the Dutch are seen as frugal, why education spending rose in the United States after 1958, and why Russians refrained from buying apartments there after the U.S.S.R.'s collapse. For the macro-focused, he points out that statistics such as GDP sustain "the illusion that prosperity is necessarily linked with territory, national units, and government spending in general."
In "Gambling and Speculation" Brenner makes a cogent argument for gambling legalization. He uses history and theory to cover all measures of risk taking, noting that risk-taking that is a daily part our lives.
In "Educating Economists", Brenner and co-author David Colander discuss ways to improve the training of future economists. In the chapter Making Sense out of Nonsense, Brenner discusses what's wrong with the social sciences and academia today, and in two other chapters focusing on the main courses being taught in economics either being empty of content, or wrong. "Rivalry: In Business, Science, Among Nations" posits a theory of business enterprise that suggests risks are taken as a way to be outranked by one's peers in the hierarchical sense. The book also deals with antitrust, state owned enterprises, and advertising, showing how the latter saves significant search costs, and how recommendations of family and friends (the non-digital ones of the 1980s) were a good substitute for advertising.
His first two books, "History - the Human Gamble" and "Betting on Ideas" present his views on "history," by looking at facts and sequence of events that other historians and social scientists have not, and integrates Brenner's views of human nature, of experimenting with innovations in business, science, politics, with demographic changes.
In addition to his books, Brenner's articles have been published in The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, National Post (Canada), Financial Times, The Straits Times (Singapore), Asia Times, Dow Jones and Le Figaro (Paris). He also has a column at Forbes.

</doc>
<doc id="9734279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734279" title="2007 BCS computer rankings">
2007 BCS computer rankings

In American college football, the 2007 BCS computer rankings are a part of the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) formula that determines who plays in the BCS National Championship Game as well as several other bowl games. Each computer system was developed using different methods which attempts to rank the teams performance. For 2007, the highest and lowest rankings for a team are dropped and the remaining four rankings are summed. A team ranked #1 by a computer system is given 25 points, #2 is given 24 points and so forth. The summed values are then divided by 100 (the maximum value a team can earn if they received four first place votes that were summed). The values are then ranked by percentage. This percentage ranking is then averaged with the Coaches Poll and Harris Poll average rankings, each receiving equal weight, and the results become the BCS Rankings.
BCS computer rankings average.
For 2007, the rankings released beginning with the eighth week of the season on October 13. The rankings are updated each week until the end of the season. Data taken from official BCS website. There are missing values in the table because the BCS Rankings only list the top 25 of the BCS Rankings, providing data on how those teams achieved their top 25 ranking. The computers ranking may include teams that do not make the top 25 BCS Rankings once averaged with the AP and Coaches Polls.
Anderson & Hester.
Jeff Anderson and Chris Hester are the owners of this computer system that has been a part of the BCS since its inception. The Anderson & Hester Rankings claim to be distinct in four ways:
The BCS once allowed computer rankings to consider margin of victory, but that was removed following the 2004 season. Therefore, all six computer systems currently do not include margin of victory. However, this computer system has never included it in its formula. In addition, only human polls (specifically the AP Poll and Coaches Poll in this reference) "prejudge" teams by releasing pre-season polls with the expected rankings of teams before they have played any games. The last two claims are subjective opinions by the authors of this computer system.
Billingsley.
Richard Billingsley owns this computer system. He describes himself as not a mathematician or computer-geek; simply a devout college football fan since the age of 7. The main components in the formula are: Won-Loss Records, Opponent Strength (based on the opponent’s record, rating, and rank), with a strong emphasis on the most recent performance. Very minor consideration is also given to the site of the game, and defensive scoring performance.
Billingsley did use margin of victory, but removed it after the 2001 season. It had accounted for 5% of the total ranking for his system and was part of it for 32 years. Also, this computer system releases rankings each week, using a complex formula to incorporate the previous season's rank (but not ranking score) into the early parts of the current season.
Colley Matrix.
Wes Colley has a Ph.D from Princeton University in Astrophysical Sciences. He attended Virginia and is therefore a Virginia fan. His brother, Will Colley played for Georgia. Colley claims 5 advantages using his system:
While all computer systems are not biased towards the "Name recognition" of a school, Colley's system doesn't include any information that doesn't involve the current season. No pre-season poll and no carry-over from the previous season. 
Massey.
Kenneth Massey is the owner of this complex computer system. He was a Ph.D candidate of Mathematics at Virginia Tech. Only the score, venue, and date of each game are used to calculate the Massey ratings. However, Massey calculates an offensive and defensive ratings which combine to produce a power ranking as well. The overall team rating is a merit based quantity, and is the result of applying a Bayesian win-loss correction to the power rating.
Sagarin.
Jeff Sagarin owns this computer system that is published in USA Today. He holds an MBA from Indiana. This system uses the Elo Chess system where winning and losing are the sole factors. He also publishes a "Predictor" system that uses margin of victory. However, the BCS only uses the Elo Chess system.
Wolfe.
Peter Wolfe uses a Bradley-Terry model for his computer system. It uses wins and losses but also uses game location as a factor. In addition, he ranks all teams that can be connected by schedule played (over 700 involving Division I FBS, Division I FCS, II, III and NAIA).

</doc>
<doc id="9734285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734285" title="Isaac Schapera">
Isaac Schapera

Isaac Schapera (23 June 1905 Garies, South Africa – 26 June 2003 London, England), was a social anthropologist at the London School of Economics specialising in South Africa. He was notable for his contributions of ethnographic and typological studies of the indigenous peoples of Botswana and South Africa. Additionally, he was an one of the founders of the group that would develop British social anthropology.
Not only did Schapera write numerous publications of his extensive research done in South Africa and Botswana, he published his work throughout his career (1923-1969), and even after he retired. As an anthropologist he focused on the lives and customs of the indigenous tribesmen of South Africa and was considered to be a specialist in the topic. Early in his career he would focus on studies of the Khoisan of South Africa until the 1930s, when he would begin to focus on Tswana of Botswana. 
Schapera also received many honours and titles, such as being the president of the Royal Anthropology Institute. Additionally, he was awarded an honorary doctorate when the University of Botswana was founded in 1985, was elected as Chair of the Association of Social Anthropology, and the "Journal of African Law" was founded in his honour. 
To compile his work for future generations and note his anthropological contributions a bibliography was published in the "Botswana Journal of African African Studies". This academic journal has also dedicated an entire issue to the work he had done throughout his career. In 2003 his obituary was published in the academic journal "Anthropology Today", titled the "The Legacy of Isaac Schapera". In the wake of his death, photographs he had taken of South Africa were published in a book "Picturing a Colonial Past; The African Photographs by Isaac Schapera" and the Recovering the Botswana project would be dedicated to him.
Life, education, and career.
Schapera was born in Garies, Namaqualand, South Africa where his father owned a general store. In his youth he attended school, and later university, in Cape Town, South Africa. During his early university career he was enrolled in law, but would later switch to anthropology. He was a student of Alfred Reginald Radcliffe-Brown, who is considered a founder of structural-functionalism theory in anthropology. After finishing his Bachelors of Arts and Masters in Arts in anthropology, Schapera completed his doctorate at the London School of Economics and Politics (LSE) where he would be influenced by Bronislaw Malinowski. Thereafter he taught briefly at the University of Witwatersrand before returning to Cape Town. There he worked as a professor of social anthropology before joining the Department of Anthropology at LSE. His continued to work there until he retired in 1969.
Schapera's students would include future important figures of anthropology, such as Eileen Krige, Hilda Kuper, Max Gluckman, John Comaroff and Jean Comaroff. After his death, a research program called "Recovering the Schapera Project" was carried out by the University of Botswana to build upon Schapera's research. As a professor he was noted by Kuper as "not being an inspiring lecturer, but wonderful material".
Schapera's life was his work, and he never married. In his later years, Schapera rarely returned to the place of his studies, but did return to Botswana to receive the honorary degree awarded to him by the University of Botswana. Additionally, because of the damages to his vocal cords caused by surgery, he withdrew from socializing, though he maintained contact with students to stay up to date with ongoing anthropological studies.
His legacy.
"Recovering the Schapera Project" is the continuation of the extensive research made by Schapera of the people of Botswana. His style of recording and studying was applied to all aspects of life and thus resulted in a wealth of unpublished material. This material includes unpublished genealogies, history, and other culturally significant data. The Shapera Project is funded by the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Botswana for the university overtook assessing this data and building upon it after Schapera's death.
Published material.
He published numerous journal articles, nearly 200, as mentioned in the academic "Journal of African Studies", which published a bibliography in 1998. Notable titles include: "The Khoisan Peoples of South Africa" (Schapera; 1930), "A Handbook of Tswana Law and Custom" (Schapera; 1938), "Married Life in an African Tribe" (Schapera; 1940), "The Ethnic Composition of Tswana Tribes" (Schapera; 1952); "The Tswana" (Schapera; 1953), "Government and Politics in Tribal Societies", (Schapera; 1956), "Praise Poems of Tswana Chiefs" (Schapera; 1965), "David Livingstone's Journals and Letters" (Schapera; 1841-1856 (6 vols), 1959–63), "David Livingstone: South African papers" (Schapera; 1849-1853, 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="9734289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734289" title="Prema Pusthakam">
Prema Pusthakam

Prema Pusthakam () is a 1993 Telugu film which was partly directed by Gollapudi Srinivas before his death on the set of the film; it was later finished by his father, Gollapudi Maruthi Rao. It featured debutant Ajith Kumar and Kanchan in the lead roles, with Devendran as music composer.
Production.
The film was written by Gollapudi Srinivas, son of noted director Gollapudi Maruthi Rao, in early 1992 and Ajith Kumar was signed on to feature in the lead role in August 1992. However during the first month of the shoot, the debutant director died after succumbing to injuries suffered during a water accident on sets in Vizag, Andhra Pradesh. The death led to creation of the Gollapudi Srinivas Award, with the director's father Gollapudi Maruthi Rao giving the award to promising debutant directors to continue his son's legacy. The film was duly delayed and later completed by Srinivas's father and only released in 1993.
Release.
The film went on to win the Nandi Award for Best Screenplay Writer in 1994 for Gollapudi Maruthi Rao. The film has been described by commentators as an "eminently forgettable" debut for Ajith Kumar, due to the problems faced during production.

</doc>
<doc id="9734298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734298" title="Polemon (scholarch)">
Polemon (scholarch)

Polemon (, "gen".: Πολέμωνος; d. 270/269 BC) of Athens was an eminent Platonist philosopher and Plato's third successor as scholarch or head of the Academy from 314/313 to 270/269 BC. A pupil of Xenocrates, he believed that philosophy should be practiced rather than just studied, and he placed the highest good in living according to nature.
Life.
Polemon was the son of Philostratus, a man of wealth and political distinction. In his youth, he was extremely profligate; but one day, when he was about thirty, on his bursting into the school of Xenocrates, at the head of a band of revellers, his attention was so arrested by the discourse, which the master continued calmly in spite of the interruption, and which chanced to be upon temperance, that he tore off his garland and remained an attentive listener, and from that day he adopted an abstemious course of life, and continued to frequent the school, of which, on the death of Xenocrates, he became the scholarch, in 315 BC.
His disciples included Crates of Athens, who was his eromenos, and Crantor, as well as Zeno of Citium and Arcesilaus. According to Eusebius ("Chron.") he died in 270/269 BC (or possibly, as in some manuscripts, 276/275 BC). Diogenes Laërtius says that he died at a great age, and of natural decay. Crates was his successor in the Academy.
Philosophy.
Diogenes reports that he was a close follower of Xenocrates in all things. He esteemed the object of philosophy to be to exercise people in things and deeds, not in dialectic speculations; his character was grave and severe; and he took pride in displaying the mastery which he had acquired over emotions of every sort. In literature he most admired Homer and Sophocles, and he is said to have been the author of the remark, that Homer is an epic Sophocles, and Sophocles a tragic Homer.
Writings.
He left, according to Diogenes, several treatises, none of which were extant when the "Suda" was compiled. There is, however, a quotation made by Clement of Alexandria, either from him or from another philosopher of the same name, "in "Concerning the Life in Accordance with Nature"" (), and another passage, upon happiness, which agrees precisely with the statement of Cicero, that Polemon placed the "summum bonum" (highest good) in living according to the laws of nature.

</doc>
<doc id="9734304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734304" title="Sarah Millican">
Sarah Millican

Sarah Jane Millican ( King; born 29 May 1975) is an English comedienne. Millican won the if.comedy award for Best Newcomer at the 2008 Edinburgh Festival Fringe. In February 2013 she was listed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Radio 4's "Woman's Hour".
Life and career.
Early life.
Millican was born and raised in South Shields, England, the daughter of Valerie (Prince) and Philip D. King. She was married in 1997 but divorced in 2004 and moved back in with her parents for two and a half years.
2005–2009: Career beginnings and touring.
Millican's debut Edinburgh Festival Fringe show "Sarah Millican's Not Nice", based around her divorce, won the if.comedy award for Best Newcomer in 2008. In spring 2009 she began previewing her second Edinburgh show, attracting enthusiastic reviews for her material on the battle of the sexes. Many reviewers commented on her 'blue' material. "Typical Woman" ran at the Pleasance throughout August 2009, also attracting positive reviews. Her third show, "Chatterbox", was hosted by the Stand Comedy Club during Fringe 2010. The show was nominated for the main Edinburgh Comedy Award, losing to Russell Kane.
2009–Present: Mainstream success and DVDs, TV and radio shows.
Millican has appeared as a panellist on "8 out of 10 Cats", "Have I Got News For You", "Mock the Week", "You Have Been Watching", "Would I Lie to You?", "QI" and "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", and as a performer at the "The Secret Policeman's Ball 2008" and on "4 Stands Up". She was featured in the Manchester edition of "Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow", which was broadcast in June 2009, made an appearance on the third episode of David Mitchell's panel show "The Bubble" in March 2010, and has been a guest on six episodes of "Frank Skinner's Opinionated".
She provided vocal work to the BBC's natural history footage for "Walk on the Wild Side", alongside fellow comics Rhod Gilbert, Jon Richardson, Isy Suttie and Gavin Webster. She appeared on "Live at the Apollo" on 11 December 2009, and headlined "Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow", recorded at the Empire Theatre, Sunderland on 15 August 2010. Millican also headlined the fourth episode of "Dave's One Night Stand".
Her radio series, "Sarah Millican's Support Group", began broadcasting on 18 February 2010 on BBC Radio 4. The format is that studio audience members are encouraged to share problems with her agony aunt character for her to offer tips "in the same way as the busybody at the end of your street who knows everything and dishes out advice whether you want to hear it or not does". Some problems are scripted, the roles being played by guest actors, while others come from real people in the audience, to allow Sarah to improvise. Audience member problems have included "My boyfriend prefers his Blackberry to me". A pair of "therapists", also played by actors, feature in each week's show and provide scripted and improvised responses to all the "problems". A second series debuted on BBC Radio 4 Extra on 2 May 2011.
She was a regular co-host of the satirical news show "7 Day Sunday" on BBC Radio 5 Live, along with comedians Chris Addison, Andy Zaltzman and one different guest each week. The first episode aired in January 2010; she and Addison left the show on 27 February 2011.
In December 2011, she voiced three Viz "Comedy Blaps" alongside Steve Coogan, Simon Greenall and Gavin Webster for Channel 4.
Also in 2011, Millican became a panellist on the ITV programme "Marriage Ref" and joined the panel on ITV daytime chat show "Loose Women", leaving the series in August. She was also a guest on several other panel and chat shows. A live DVD of her "Chatterbox" tour was released in November 2011 by Channel 4. The Chatterbox DVD went on to break an all-time record in sales for a female stand-up comedian selling 172,000 copies in just over one month.
Millican's stand-up show, "The Sarah Millican Television Programme", began airing on 8 March 2012 on BBC Two. In November 2012, she released a follow up live DVD, "Thoroughly Modern Millican". In early January 2013, she appeared for a couple of nights on "The One Show". On 15 January 2013, she began presenting a second series of "The Sarah Millican Television Programme".
Millican appeared in a celebrity episode of "Deal or No Deal" broadcast on 29 April 2012, where she won £20,000 for charity.
Personal life.
After her husband Andrew Millican left her unexpectedly in 2004, Millican found solace in attending writing workshops in local theatres, such as at Newcastle's Live Theatre and the Custom House, South Shields.
Since 2006, Millican has been in a relationship with fellow comedian Gary Delaney. In April 2013, Millican appeared on "" and revealed that after living separately – and far apart – for seven years, she and Delaney are moving in together into a house she had bought near Manchester. On 3 January 2014, Millican announced that she had married Delaney during the previous weekend.
Awards and nominations.
In February 2013 Millican was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by "Woman's Hour" on BBC Radio 4.

</doc>
<doc id="9734311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734311" title="The Tarnished Angels">
The Tarnished Angels

The Tarnished Angels is a 1957 American drama film directed by Douglas Sirk. The screenplay by George Zuckerman is based on the 1935 novel "Pylon" by William Faulkner.
Plot.
Disillusioned World War I flying ace Roger Shumann (Robert Stack) spends his days during the Great Depression making appearances as a barnstorming pilot at rural airshows with his parachutist wife LaVerne (Dorothy Malone) and worshipful son Jack (Christopher Olsen) and mechanic Jiggs (Jack Carson) in tow.
New Orleans reporter Burke Devlin (Rock Hudson) is intrigued by the gypsy-like lifestyle of the former war hero, but is dismayed by his cavalier treatment of his family and soon finds himself attracted to the neglected LaVerne. Meanwhile, Roger barters with wealthy and aging business magnate Matt Ord (Robert Middleton) for a plane in exchange for a few hours with his wife. Tragedy ensues when Jiggs' anger about his employer's refusal to face family responsibilities causes him to make a rash and fatal decision. He manages to start Shumann's aircraft, with some difficulty, but the plane crashes and Shumann is killed. After rejecting and then reconciling with Devlin, LaVerne returns to Iowa with son Jack.
Production.
The Universal-International film reunited director Sirk with Robert Stack, Dorothy Malone, and Rock Hudson, with whom he had collaborated on "Written on the Wind" two years earlier. Stack and Malone played brother and sister in their previous appearance together, with Malone's character infatuated with Hudson's.
Sirk chose to shoot "Angels" in black-and-white to help capture the despondent mood of the era in which it is set. Faulkner considered the film to be the best screen adaptation of his work.
Critical reception.
In his review in the "New York Times", Bosley Crowther said the film "was badly, cheaply written by George Zuckerman and is abominably played by a hand-picked cast. The sentiments are inflated — blown out of all proportions to the values involved. And the acting, under Douglas Sirk's direction, is elaborate and absurd." 
"Variety" called the film "a stumbling entry. Characters are mostly colorless, given static reading in drawn-out situations, and story line is lacking in punch."
More recent reviews, penned after a resurgence of interest and respect for Sirk's directing, are uniformly positive. For example, Dave Kehr writes in the "New York Times": "'The Tarnished Angels' is among Sirk’s most self-conscious and artistically ambitious creations... This is bravura filmmaking in the service of a haunting vision. Yet there are moments of almost microscopic subtlety: the camera movement that expresses the moral reversal of the Hudson and Stack characters, one growing larger than the other; the infinite tenderness with which Hudson strokes Ms. Malone’s hair, helplessly trying to comfort her after a shock." 
"TV Guide" rates it four out of a possible four stars and calls it "the best-ever adaptation of a Faulkner novel for the screen, directed with passion and perception by Sirk . . . The acting is first-rate here, and the script is outstanding, full of wit, black humor, and occasional fine poetic monologues."

</doc>
<doc id="9734319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734319" title="Anantha Poongatre">
Anantha Poongatre

Anantha Poongatre () is a Tamil film directed by Raj Kapoor and starring Ajith Kumar, Karthik, Meena and Malavika in the lead roles. The film is based upon how respect can be mistaken as love by circumstances and the film subsequently opened to positive reviews and became commercial success securing two state awards. 
Plot.
Meenakshi (Meena) is a widow living with her son Nandu(Pathanjali Srinivasan). Jeeva (Ajith), living in the same colony, has been pining silently for her for the last 4 years. He runs an organization called A-to-Z, which can get anything done for anybody.
Jeeva follows Divya (Malavika) get some information on her for her suitor but she ends up falling for him and pursues him relentlessly. He avoids her, telling her that he is already in love with someone else and when cornered, reveals that it is Meenakshi.
This leads to some surprising revelations about Meenakshi's past, Meenakshi is a music student of Haridas (Karthik). Haridas has a child, whose mother (Bhanupriya) died giving birth to him. Their mutual respect is mistaken for romance by her father (Vijayakumar) and Haridas is killed in the fracas. Later Meena vows to live like a widow, taking care of Karthik's child. However, that very day, Jeeva and his parents were about to see Meenakshi as a prospective bride. When Jeeva sees this scene unfolding before his eyes, he starts admiring her courage. Despite his parents' protests, he assures Meenakshi's father that he would make her change her mind and that he would marry her. But Meenakshi's world turns upside down when Divya's father, a staunch supporter of love marriage, kidnaps Nandu and asks Jeeva to marry Divya. Jeeva of course accepts and things are then resolved in the climax.
Production.
During production, the producer Kaja Mohideen had attempted unsuccessfully to oust Ajith Kumar from the project and replace him with Prashanth. The producer and Ajith later clashed following the failure of their action film, "Jana" in 2004. Initially Vindhya was assigned to play Malavika's in the film, but was later dropped from the project.
Release.
The film won two Tamil Nadu State Awards with the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Dialogue Writer going to Shivaram Gandhi while it also won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light. The film was remade as "Subhakaryam" in Telugu and then also later remade in the Kannada language in 2007 as "Rajakumari".
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Deva while lyrics written by Vairamuthu and Ponniyin Selvan (Meenatchi Meenatchi).

</doc>
<doc id="9734327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734327" title="Ben Patrick">
Ben Patrick

Ben Patrick (born August 23, 1984) is an American football tight end who is currently a high school Varsity Football Coach. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the seventh round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Duke and Delaware.
He was also a member of the New York Giants.
Early years.
Patrick attended Herschel V. Jenkins High School in Savannah, Georgia, and was a letterman in football, basketball, and baseball.
College career.
Patrick began his college career at Duke University, where he red shirted his first year and then went on to play three seasons. After earning a degree in African American studies, he transferred to the University of Delaware for his final season of college eligibility in 2006. With the Blue Hens, Ben went on to lead Division I-AA tight ends in receiving with 64 catches for 639 yards and six touchdowns. He was an all Atlantic 10 Conference first team pick and was named a first-team All-America, He also became the first Blue Hens player invited to the Hula Bowl. Patrick was a semi-finalist for the John Mackey Award given to the top tight end position player in the nation. At the end of the season, he was rated the best tight end prospect in the NCAA Division 1-AA ranks by The NFL Draft Report in his senior season.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Patrick was selected by the Cardinals with the 25th pick in the seventh round of the 2007 NFL Draft. On September 4, 2007, Patrick was signed to the Arizona Cardinals practice squad after being cut from the roster less than a week earlier. He was promoted to the active roster on October 29. Patrick finished the 2007 season playing in 8 games with 3 games started with 7 receptions for 73 yards, including a long of 21 yards, for two touchdowns. During the 2008 regular season Patrick caught 11 passes for 104 yards, but no touchdowns. In Super Bowl XLIII, against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Patrick caught a 1-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Kurt Warner in the second quarter.
New York Giants.
On August 1, 2011, Patrick signed a one-year contract with the New York Giants. He announced his retirement on August 6. On September 16, Patrick un-retired and was reinstated by the NFL. He became a free agent, since the Giants released him.

</doc>
<doc id="9734339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734339" title="Orivesi railway station">
Orivesi railway station

The Orivesi railway station is located in the town of Orivesi, Finland. The class IV station was built during the years 1881 to 1883. The station has been renewed several times, but the station building has remained almost unchanged in appearance. Some of the buildings in the station were transferred from Terijoki in the 1920s. The station is a crossing point between the tracks from Tampere to Haapamäki and the tracks from Orivesi to Jyväskylä.

</doc>
<doc id="9734340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734340" title="Battle of Phase Line Bullet">
Battle of Phase Line Bullet

The Battle of Phase Line Bullet was one of the clashes which led to the destruction of the "Tawakalna" Iraqi Republican Guard Division, on February 26, 1991, by a simultaneous attack of two U.S. armored divisions (the 1st and 3rd), an Infantry Division (the 1st) and the 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment. 
The battle was one of the rare examples of an American armored force repulsed by a screen of Iraqi entrenched infantry, APCs, and Iraqi T-72 tanks during Desert Storm. The incident involved American friendly fire casualties.
Background.
The initial skirmishes between American and Iraqi Republican Guards units took place earlier that day around pre-established line 73 Easting, some 30 miles west of Wadi al Batin, where the 2 ACR managed to destroy two Iraqi Armored Brigades. The skirmishes in this sector were still going on when the 3rd Armored Division, positioned north, made the first contact with a brigade of the Tawakalna Armored Division around 3:30 PM.
Weather conditions were extremely poor, hampering visibility and identification of targets.
Flank screen maneuver.
As the usual practice for armored reconnaissance, a troop of M3 Bradleys (Alpha Troop), belonging to the 4th squadron of the 7th Cavalry Regiment, was scouting ahead of the main tank force.
The flank screen maneuver took place along the southern boundaries between the 2 ACR and 3rd Armored Division operational areas. Task Forces 4-34 and 4-32 were advancing from the rear. The general movement of the US forces followed an eastward direction. The fumes of hundreds of oil wells set on fire by the Iraqis, combined with an intense shamal, forced the US vehicles to use thermal sights.
Surprising contact.
At 3:00 PM, the 14 Bradleys strong troop received information from the GHQ of the 3rd Armored Division that no enemy unit remained between them and the Kuwaiti border. Suddenly, they found a screen line of Iraqi APCs straight ahead, barely 300 meters to the east. The poor weather, along with burning oil fumes, reduced the visibility conditions to almost zero. The enemy screen line was part of the 9th Armored Brigade of "Tawakalna" Division. 
A burst of small-arms and heavy machine gunfire, RPGs and Sagger missiles erupted. Initially, the American commander thought they were engaging dismounted infantry supported by BMPs, but later he realized that they were also receiving main-gun tank rounds. The US vehicles retaliated by firing TOW missiles, 25 mm cannon and machine gun fire. The contact lasted for about two hours, until the Bradleys, battered by enemy and friendly fire and running out of ammunition, were forced to withdraw. 
American M1 Abrams tanks from TF 4-34, positioned in the rear echelon, fired in support of the IFVs, destroying at least one T-72 and several Iraqi APCs. They also hit three Bradleys (A-24, A-31 and A-22), with two American KIAs. The 2 ACR also became entangled in the fighting from the rear right. 
Another Bradley (A-36) was first disabled by a 12.7 mm round from an NSVT heavy machine gun which penetrated the transmission and later shattered by a large caliber shaped charge impact in the turret's front. Bradley A-35 also took some damage from a mix of ricocheting 12.7 mm bursts and indirect fire, but was able to be driven out, while A-33 suffered two injured and its radio station hit by 12.7 mm fire. During the process of rescuing casualties from A-24, Bradley A-26, commanded by Sergeant Major Ronald Sneed, was near-missed by a T-72 main round, which spattered the vehicle with splinters.
While providing cover for A-21 who was attempting to assess the situation with A-36, Bradley A-22, commanded by Staff Sergeant Meyers, was struck in the turret by an M-1 tank from TF 4-34 resulting in one KIA. The gunner of A-24 was also killed by a friendly tank round.
The disabled A-22, A-36 and A-24 were left abandoned on the battleground, while A-31, although heavily damaged, was able to pull back. All the remainder Bradleys were raked by machine gun fire and shell splinters, but they were still marginally operational.
Aftermath.
American forces were unable to find a breach in the northern Iraqi lines until the first hours of February 27. That morning, the 7th Cav scouts found the hulls of 18 APCs, mostly BMP-1s, and six T-72s disabled or abandoned by their crews. The clash is one of the few recorded actions where an American assault was fenced off by dug-in Iraqi armored vehicles. The commander of Alpha troop, Captain Gerald Davie, later acknowledged that the cause of the fiasco was that "we were ten times too close to the enemy than we would choose to be".

</doc>
<doc id="9734347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734347" title="Suzane von Richthofen">
Suzane von Richthofen

Suzane Louise von Richthofen (born November 3, 1983), is a Brazilian who murdered her own parents on October 31, 2002 with help from her boyfriend and his brother. She was put on trial in São Paulo in July 2006 and was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment.
Background and early life.
Born in São Paulo, Brazil, Suzane is the daughter of the German engineer Manfred Albert Freiherr von Richthofen, and his wife, Marisia von Richthofen (née "Marísia Magnani Abdalla"), a Brazilian of Lebanese descent. Her father was working as a director of the State Company for Highway Development in São Paulo, her mother was a psychiatrist. Suzane has a younger brother, Andreas Albert von Richthofen, born on April 26, 1987. Her father claimed to be a grandnephew of Manfred von Richthofen, German war pilot of World War I, but this is still disputed; the German von Richthofen family denies any link to them. After graduating from a German High School, Suzane studied law at Pontifícia Universidade Católica. She was described as happy, but a little shy. Suzane was known to have a good relationship with her parents and her brother. In the summer of 1999, she started practising Brazilian jiu-jitsu and that's where she got to know Daniel Cravinhos de Paula e Silva, who became her boyfriend and accomplice of the murder. 
The declared net worth of the Richthofen clan is over 5.5 million dollars. However, prosecutors suspect that two anonymous accounts in Swiss banks, containing at least 10 million euros, were opened by Suzane's father in her name when she turned 18 in November 2001. The money is thought to be the result of corruption at DERSA, a company in which Manfred von Richthofen was the engineer responsible for the construction of the Mário Covas beltway. This project, originally budgeted to cost around US$340 million, in fact ran to over US$1 billion by the time it was complete. If the accounts are in her name, nothing prevents Suzane from gaining access to the money after serving her sentence.
Murder.
In the late hours of October 31, 2002, Suzane von Richthofen, who had planned the murder of her parents for months, checked if they were already asleep, then disconnected the alarm system of the estate and opened the door to her 21-year-old-boyfriend, Daniel Cravinhos and his brother, 26-year-old Christian Cravinhos who had waited outside. The Cravinhos brothers went upstairs to the parents´ bedroom and hit them with iron sticks before strangling them with towels. Suzane was waiting in the living room downstairs. After the murder was accomplished, the three youngsters simulated a break-in by pocketing money they found, spreading papers in the library and creating a mess in the house. Then they left, Suzane and Daniel went for a motel, Christian went to a fast-food restaurant. Early in the morning, Suzane and Daniel picked up her little brother, Andreas, then aged 15, at an internet cafe and went home, where they "discovered" the crime, called the police at once and told them their story. 
The investigating officers, however, doubted a burglary crime and thought of someone familiar to the victims, soon began to question the children and the employees of the Richthofen family. What made them suspicious was not only the crime scene, with the alarm system switched off and the papers spread very regularly, as if by design, but also Suzane's extraordinarily cold behavior - She was seen in the house's swimming pool with Daniel the day after the murder, and celebrated her 19th birthday with friends just hours after the parents´ burial. The investigators focused their attention on Suzane and her boyfriend and began shadowing them. The clue for the arrest came with Christian Cravinhos, who had bought a motorcycle a few days later and paid cash in 100-dollar bills. A few days later, on November 9, 2002 he was arrested, as well as his brother and Suzane, who soon confessed the murder. Suzane was released from prison in May 2005, when the Supreme Court of Justice granted her habeas corpus. She then awaited her trial in house arrest.
Motives.
Suzane's parents, who at first allowed her relationship to Daniel Cravinhos, changed their opinion when they discovered that he used marijuana almost daily. Also, his lower-class background and his unwillingness to work or to attend school caused their disagreement. In July, 2002, her parents were on vacation, so Daniel moved in with the children for a month, much to Suzane's delight. When the parents came back home, Suzane suggested they buy her a flat in which she could live with Daniel, but her father refused, saying that she could do whatever she liked to only if she earned money herself. She continued meeting Daniel secretly. Suzane claimed that she did all for love, for fear that Daniel would leave her if the parents were not killed. Her lawyer, Denivaldo Barni, said that Suzane had no motive at all, but was forced to the crime by Daniel, whom she adored like a god.
Another part of the motive may have been the parents' wealth, estimated to about seventeen million dollars, which Suzane would inherit in case of the parents´ death. As Prosecutor Roberto Tardelli put it, Suzane wanted to ""get her hands on the money and assets her parents had worked so hard to obtain"", she ""wanted her freedom and independence without having to work for it"". On trial, Daniel Cravinhos claimed that Suzane was physically violated by her father, which she and her brother Andreas von Richthofen deny. It was also claimed that the Richthofen parents were alcoholics, but in the autopsy no alcohol was detected in their bodies.
Trial.
On June 5, 2006, Suzane Freiin von Richthofen, along with the Cravinhos, was put on trial in São Paulo, for "homicídio qualificado", the equivalent of First Degree Murder in Brazilian law. The Trial was delayed and finally started on July 17. On trial, Suzane blamed Daniel Cravinhos for everything, while the Cravinhos brothers claimed that they acted upon her desire. Prosecutor Roberto Tardelli, however, called Suzane the ""mastermind"" of the crime. Roberto Tardelli called for 50 years of imprisonment for each of the three defendants. She was described as ""personification of the evil blonde"". On July 22, 2006 Suzane was sentenced to 40 years in prison for the crime. Daniel Cravinhos got the same sentence and his brother Christian was sentenced to 38 years for conspiracy.
, she is in custody in a women's prison outside São Paulo.
Brazilian public attention.
The case generated significant media attention in Brazil due to the stark contrast between the brutal crime and the personality of the daughter. While the Cravinhos brothers fitted in the scheme of the uneducated, unemployed, drug-addicted killers, this was not true for Suzane: She was a pretty, blond girl from an upper-middle-class family of German and Lebanese descent, well-behaved, always doing well at school, speaking three foreign languages and doing ballet. The contrast between her affluent upbringing and the cruelty of the crime shocked the country. Also, as discussion emerged in the Brazilian public about the worth of family values and the effects of education, the question as to whether Suzane was the evil mind behind the crime or just Daniel's tool was also widely discussed. Many people who initially were emotionally on Suzane's side, changed their opinion when a TV interview with her was shown. Before the interview, when the cameras were already on, she was instructed for the interview by her lawyer. He told her to cry out loud during the broadcast, to create public sympathy. In the outcome, however, the interview was a major blast for her credibility. In court, Suzane still was very cool, while the Cravinhos brothers were crying most of the time. At one occasion, she even started to laugh.

</doc>
<doc id="9734372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734372" title="Niedzica Castle">
Niedzica Castle

Niedzica Castle also known as Dunajec Castle (, , , ), is located in the southernmost part of Poland in Niedzica (Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland). It was erected between the years 1320 and 1326 by Kokos of Brezovica on the site of an ancient stronghold surrounded by earthen walls in the Pieniny mountains. The Niedzica Castle stands at an altitude of 566 m, on a hill 300 m upstream from the Dunajec River mouth, measured from the center of the dam on Czorsztyn Lake. The outline of Niedzica Castle can best be viewed from the ruins of Czorsztyn Castle on the other side of the lake. It is known as one of the most picturesque castles in the country and adorns the covers of many books.
History.
The castle was an important centre of Polish-Hungarian relations since the 14th century. It was a place where the money lent by the Polish king to the Hungarian king Sigismund had to be returned following an agreement signed in 1412. Once the loan was paid back, the Polish king returned the 16 Spiš towns given to him by Sigismund as collateral. For centuries the castle was a border-post with Hungary. At the time of the Turkish invasion five hundred years ago, a deal was struck at Niedzica to make it a Polish protectorate.
The castle was built by a Hungarian known as Kokos from Brezovica with family rights dating back to 1325. In 1470 it became the property of the aristocratic Zápolya family. However, in 1528, the entire county including the castle was given away by John Zápolya aspiring to the Hungarian throne, and became the property of Viliam Drugeth who received it as a reward for his support. Sixty years later it became the property of Hieronim Łaski and his son Olbracht. At the end of the 16th century the castle was bought by Ján Horváth from Plaveč. The fortress was renovated many times in the fifteenth, sixteenth, eighteenth and in the beginning of the 19th century by its successive owners. The last Hungarian inhabitants remained there until in 1943 when the coming of the front in World War II inspired the Salamon family to abandon it. The last countess left with her children two years before the Red Army marched in. The final reconstruction of the castle was completed in 1963 under the supervision of the Polish Ministry of Culture. It has served as a historical museum ever since.
Recent conservation concerns.
A new artificial reservoir, the Czorsztyn Lake, was created in 1994 by damming the Dunajec River downstream of the castle. The castle now stands approx. 30 m above the upper water level. The castle hill consists of limestone rock saddled on shale and marl found much below the current bed of the Dunajec River. Studies and analyses show that rock strata forming the limestone bank are weather-resistant, and provide secure foundation for the castle in spite of visible surface deterioration. In order to secure the stability of the hill, a number of reinforcing works were effected in the strip between the high- and low-water marks. The works include concrete reinforcement of rocks, substratum (weathered shale and marl) replacement, and surface protection elements on the hill. The castle and the hill are subject to constant monitoring.
The museum.
Although in large part only ruins remain of what used to be the Gothic castle in Niedzica, its dungeons and a number of rooms survived, as have some of the paintings — including the Crucifixion that once adorned the chapel — and furnishings which are not entirely as they were in the 1930s. The architectural design consists of a densely packed complex of buildings with a courtyard surrounded by residential wings with arcades, towers and fortified walls.
The museum in Niedzica holds archaeological artifacts related to the castle, remnants of the masonry that once adorned its interiors, prints and engravings with views of the castle from various periods, and historical documentation. The museum's collections include ethnographic exhibits from the Spiš region, a collection of antique clocks, 18th and 19th century pistols, hunting rifles, and taxidermied game. In 1996, a new collection was added. Because of the fortress's Hungarian origins, Ákos Engelmayer, Hungarian ambassador to Poland (1990-1995), donated his collection of Hungarian-related items of historical interest from Poland, such as maps of Hungary from the sixteenth to the twentieth centuries, engravings depicting various Hungarian kings and castles, as well as cities and battlegrounds; which it is hoped have become the largest collection of Hungarian-related materials outside of Hungary. The castle is a great place to visit. The views are magnificent, particularly to the south over the Pieniny mountains.
The legend.
Before the Czorsztyn reservoir was built, the castle had a very Dracula-like setting, perched high on a wall above the Dunajec River. It was a place rich in tales and legends with some of the former residents resembling characters from gothic novels. In the post-World War II period Polish newspapers wrote at length about Sebastián Berzeviczy (one of Niedzica's owners) who traveled to the New World in the 18th century. According to a popular legend, he fell in love with the alleged Inca princess. Their daughter Umina married the nephew of an Inca insurrection leader Túpac Amaru II, whose assumed name implied descent from Inca kings. Túpac Amaru was eventually executed by the Spaniards after rebelling against the colonial government. The legend goes on to claim that the sacred scrolls of the Incas had been handed down to his surviving family members. His nephew, Andrés Túpac Amaru a.k.a. Andreas with wife Umina and his father-in-law Sebastián Berzeviczy fled to Italy, where Andrés was killed in suspicious circumstances. Consequently, Umina with son and her father fled to Hungary and settled at the castle. Sources claim that Umina was assassinated there some time later. Her testament to son Anton, written in 1797 and stored there, allegedly contained information about the lost treasure of the Incas. There was a leaden case found at the castle with some “quipu” writings, but it was lost in Kraków in the following years. Later, news appeared about expeditions searching for fantastic treasures at Lake Titicaca in Peru. The notion that the Inca treasure map could be hidden somewhere in the depths of the castle is still cherished today.
Other tales follow the exploits of a motley crew of the castle's other former owners. They include stories of counts and jesters who tortured village folk, stabbed priests and misbehaved.
The graphic novel.
The legend of Niedzica was also the inspiration for a graphic novel, RAINBOW AND THE SUN by Roko Zaper, which follows Andre Benesz as he discovers his heritage and the past he never knew. You can read it here: *[http://www.redcloudwhite.com/sun1.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9734387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734387" title="Economic network">
Economic network

Economic network or refereed network of independent individuals has the primary purpose of making a strong community in order to gain strength and perform as a significant player in relation to current market situation. Activities of economic network consist also of recruiting new members to join, reviewing, surveying, or providing a fresh perspective on existing community growth and strength.
Economic Networking, emerging as logic consequences of the rapid growth of Social Networking trend and the needs of today business world to collaborate in unified system by empowering all elements of economic resources (capital sources, men power, business systems, etc.) in smallest forms as possible. The Web 2.0 technology has been evolve to points where individuals are connected one with another in a way never existed by completely eliminating the span of distance and culture difference into one, single unified world: the digital world. The question whether a business needs to be existed within this virtual universe is no longer an option, practically as the word 'globalization' is actually realized in this World Wide Web, a business failed to linked in is ceased to exist.
Harnessing the power of internet collective resources, every business entity—whether it's a producer, distributor, marketer, even consumer—are all unified through massive web of interconnected networks. Every network, with their own system, are become more open, capable to link themselves one with another, and finally form an unlimited links with universal language: the language of Web 2.0.

</doc>
<doc id="9734392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734392" title="Humphrey's Executor v. United States">
Humphrey's Executor v. United States

"Humphrey's Executor v. United States", , was a United States Supreme Court case decided during the Franklin Delano Roosevelt presidency, regarding the powers that a President of the United States has to remove certain executive officials of a "quasi-legislative," "quasi-judicial" administrative body created by Congress, for purely political reasons and without the consent of Congress.
Roosevelt was dissatisfied with William Humphrey, a member of the Federal Trade Commission, as Humphrey did not, in Roosevelt's view, support his New Deal policies vigorously enough. 
Twice Roosevelt requested Humphrey to resign from the FTC – requests to which Humphrey did not yield. The third time, Roosevelt fired Humphrey, writing "ffective as of this date you are hereby removed from the office of Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission." Nevertheless, Humphrey continued to come to work at the FTC even after he was formally fired. However, the Federal Trade Commission Act only permitted the President to dismiss an FTC member for "inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office." Roosevelt's decision to dismiss Humphrey was based solely on political differences, rather than job performance or alleged acts of malfeasance. 
The case went to the Supreme Court, but Humphrey died before the case could be decided. The case was then pursued by the executors of his estate; thus, the case obtained the title "Humphrey's Executor".
The Court distinguished between executive officers and quasi-legislative or quasi-judicial officers. The latter may be removed only with procedures consistent with statutory conditions enacted by Congress; the former serve at the pleasure of the President and may be removed at his discretion. The Court ruled that the Federal Trade Commission was a quasi-legislative body because of other powers it had, and therefore the President could not fire an FTC member solely for political reasons; thus, Humphrey's firing was improper.
U.S. Attorney General Robert H. Jackson, later to join the Supreme Court himself, said in his memoirs that Roosevelt was particularly annoyed by the Court's decision, as the President felt that it had been rendered for spite.

</doc>
<doc id="9734393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734393" title="This DVD Is Not Punk Rock">
This DVD Is Not Punk Rock

This DVD Is Not Punk Rock is the first commercially available DVD by post-punk laptop rapper MC Lars. The DVD contains Lars' first five music videos, as well as tour footage and an episode of his college TV show.

</doc>
<doc id="9734396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734396" title="History of Chester">
History of Chester

The history of Chester extends back nearly two millennia, covering all periods of British history in between then and the present day. The city of Chester was founded as a fort, known as "Deva", by the Romans in AD 79. The city was the scene of battles between warring Welsh and Saxon kingdoms throughout the post-Roman years until the Saxons strengthened the fort against raiding Danes.
Following the Norman Conquest in 1066, Chester came under the Earl of Chester. It became a centre of the defense against Welsh raiders and a launch point for raids on Ireland.
The city grew as a trading port until the power of the Port of Liverpool overtook it. However the city did not decline and during the Georgian and Victorian periods was seen as a place of escape from the more industrial cities of Manchester and Liverpool.
Roman.
The Romans founded Chester as Deva Victrix in AD 70s in the land of the Celtic Cornovii, according to ancient cartographer Ptolemy, as a fortress during the Roman expansion north. It was named Deva either after the goddess of the Dee, or directly from the British name for the river. The 'victrix' part of the name was taken from the title of the Legio XX "Valeria Victrix" who were based at Deva. A civilian settlement grew around the settlement, probably starting as a group of traders and their families who were profiting from trade with the fortress. The fortress was 20% larger than other fortresses in Britannia built around the same time at York (Eboracum) and Caerleon (Isca Augusta); this has led to the suggestion that the fortress may have been intended to become the capital of the province rather than London (Londinium). The civilian amphitheatre which was built in 1st century could sit between 8,000 and 10,000 people, is the largest known military amphitheatre in Britain, and is also a Scheduled Monument. The Minerva Shrine in the Roman quarry is the only rock cut Roman shrine still in situ in Britain. The fortress was garrisoned by the legion until at least the late 4th century. Although the army would have been abandoned the fortress by 410 when the Romans retreated from Britannia the civilians settlement continued and its occupants probably continued to use the fortress and its defences as protection from raiders in the Irish Sea.
Sub-Roman and Saxon period.
The Roman Empire fell three hundred years later, and the Romano-British established a number of petty kingdoms in its place. Chester is thought to have been part of Powys at this time. King Arthur is said to have fought his ninth battle at the city of the legions and later St Augustine came to the city to try and unite the church and hold his synod with the Welsh Bishops. In 616, Æthelfrith of Northumbria defeated a Welsh army at the Battle of Chester and probably established the Anglo-Saxon position in the area from then on.
In the late 7th century, (AD 689) King Æthelred of Mercia founded the Minster Church of West Mercia on what is considered to be an early Christian Site and known as The Minster of St John the Baptist, Chester (now St John the Baptist's Church) which later became the first cathedral. Much later the body of Æthelred's Niece, St Werburgh was removed from Hanbury in Staffordshire in the 9th century and, in order to save its desecration by Danish marauders, she was reburied in the Church of SS Peter & Paul - later to become the Abbey Church (the present cathedral. Her name is still remembered in "St Werburgh's Street" which passes alongside the cathedral, and near to the city walls. A new Church dedicated to St Peter alone was founded in AD907 by the Lady Æthelfleda at what was to become the Cross
The Saxons extended and strengthened the walls of Chester to protect the city against the Danes, who occupied it for a short time until Alfred seized all the cattle and laid waste the surrounding land to drive them out. In fact it was Alfred's daughter Ethelfleda "Lady of the Mercians" that built the new Saxon 'burh'. The Anglo-Saxons called Chester "Ceaster" or "Legeceaster".
In 973, the Anglo Saxon Chronicle records that, after his coronation at Bath, King Edgar of England, came to Chester where he held his court in a palace in a place now known as Edgar’s field near the old Dee bridge in Handbridge. Taking the helm of a barge, he was rowed the short distance up the River Dee from Edgar’s field to The Minster of St John the Baptist by six (the monk Henry Bradshaw records he was rowed by eight kings) tributary kings called ‘reguli’.
The Chronicles of Melrose, and that of Florence of Worcester also mentions "Eight petty kings, namely, Kynath, king of the Scots, Malcolm, king of the Cumbrians, Maccus, king of several isles and five others, named Dufnall, Siferth, Huwall, Jacob and Juchill, met him there as he had appointed and swore that they would be faithful to him, and assist him by land and by sea".
After the kings swore fealty and allegiance they rowed him back to the palace. As he entered he is reported to have said that with so many kings' allegiance his successors could boast themselves to be kings of the English.
Middle Ages.
After the 1066 Norman Conquest and the harrying of the north, the Normans took Chester, destroying 200 houses in the city. Hugo d'Avranches, the first Norman earl (it was first given to a Fleming, Gherbod, who never took up residence but returned to Flanders where he was captured, and later killed) was William's nephew. He built a motte and bailey near the river, as another defence from the Celts. It is now known as Chester Castle and was rebuilt in stone by Henry III in 1245, after the last of six Norman earls died without issue.
Chester's earls were a law unto themselves. They kept huge hunting forests - Hugo was said to have 'preferred falconers and huntsmen to the cultivators of the soil', and Ranulph I converted the Wirral farmlands into another hunting forest. Before Ranulph, Hugo's son had inherited at the age of seven but died in the White Ship, along with the king's heir, William, on his way to England from France, where he was educated under the guardianship of Henry I. Earl Ranulph II, Ranulph's son, even helped to capture King Stephen in 1140, and ended up controlling a third of England after supporting Henry II's claim to the throne.
Other earls were Hugh II, Ranulph III and John the Scot. The traditional independence that Chester had under the earls was confirmed by a charter of Richard II in 1398 stating that 'the said county of Chester shall be the principality of Chester'. The earls are remembered with their shields on the suspension bridge over the river Dee, and again on the Grosvenor Park lodge.
The first earl had endowed a great Benedictine monastery dedicated to Saint Werburgh in 1092 (on the site of the church of dedicated to St Peter and St Paul). The monastery was dissolved under Henry VIII in 1540 and was rededicated to Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary to become Chester Cathedral. Previously, the first Chester Cathedral was begun in 1075 by the first Norman Bishop of Mercia, Peter de Leya after the See was moved from Lichfield in Chester. De Leya's successor moved the See to Coventry and it later returned to Lichfield. St John's became the co-Cathedral and Collegiate Church.
There is a popular belief that it was the silting of the River Dee that created the land which is now Chester's racecourse (known as the Roodee), on which a stone cross still stands which is said to have been erected in memory of Lady Trawst who died as a result of an image of the Virgin Mary called Holy Rood falling upon her in Hawarden church a few miles down the river). But the Roodee was in existence as early as the 13th and 14th centuries, so it cannot have been created by later silting. The silting which led to the creation of the Roodee, in its current form, is well established on a sequence of post-medieval maps dating from the later 16th century. It has also been established by archaeological evaluations and excavations in the area of the Old Port, known as the Roodee tail. Physical evidence for the silting of this area of the city is shown by the building of the 14th-century port watch tower, now known as the Water Tower, which projects from the north-west corner of the city walls. This tower was originally built out into the river. Maps of the 16th century, its archaeological form and related documentary evidence all demonstrate this.
Despite stories to the contrary, the weir above the Old Dee Bridge was not built by the Romans but by Hugh Lupus, Earl of Chester between 1077 and 1101 to hold water for his river mills. The purpose of the weir on the river was to keep water levels high for these mills, one of which gave rise to the traditional song "Miller of Dee", which reflects the attitude of the happy miller who was granted a monopoly on grinding. It also prevents the salty tidal waters from entering the Dee fresh water basin.
Chester's port flourished under Norman rule. In 1195 a monk, Lucian, wrote 'ships from Aquitaine, Spain, Ireland and Germany unload their cargoes of wine and other merchandise'. In fact wine was only imported through four other English ports. During the 13th century Chester was famous for its fur trade and even by the mid-16th century the port was importing large amounts of fur and skins. In 1543 one ship alone brought in '1600 shhep fells, 68 dere, 69 fawne skins and 6300 broke (badger skins)' .
However the estuary was silting up so that trading ships to the port of Chester had to harbour downstream at Neston, Parkgate, and "Hoyle Lake" or Hoylake.
Chester's first known mayor was William the Clerk. The second known mayor was Walter of Coventry, who served between 1241 and 1245. The town's third mayor was Walter de Livet (Levett) who was named as mayor in a royal decree from May 1246. (Walter of Coventry and Walter de Livet may be the same person.) During early Chester history, the mayor often held his position for 10 years or more; apparently the early mayor's terms were open-ended.
Tudor and Stuart times.
Originally the port was located to the north of the Watergate just below the city wall. To the south of the Watergate the Roodee existed in smaller form than today. The map sequence shows the river moving its course from against the wall north of the Watergate out to its current location between 1580 and approximately the 1830s. By the first edition OS map the river had reached its current position. However, it is apparent that some rivulets and inlets have been lost since, although some have been identified in archaeological work on the site of the former House of Industry and Gasworks.
In September 1642 tension between King Charles I and Parliament was growing and civil war looked like it might be a possibility. Charles visited Chester and ensured the election of pro-royalist mayor William Ince. In March 1643, leading Chester royalist Francis Gamull was commissioned to raise a regiment of foot to defend the city. Colonel Robert Ellis, an experienced soldier, was asked to construct outer defences to the city. A series of earthworks were constructed around the city from Boughton through Hoole and Newton to the Water Tower. The earthworks consisted of a ditch and mud wall with a series of 'mounts' or gun platforms were added along with turnpike gates on incoming roads.
Parliamentary forces began to lay siege to the city of Chester. In the early morning of the 20th of September 1645, parliamentary forces overran the eastern earthworks at the Boughton turnpike and captured the east suburbs of the city up to the walls. They began to construct cannon batteries within range of the city.
A cannon battery placed in St John's churchyard breached the city walls on the 22nd of September near the Roman amphitheatre. A hole some 25 feet wide was made with thirty-two cannon shots. Following the breach an attempt was made to storm the city, but the defenders repelled the charge. According to an account at the time by Lord Byron, the breach was stopped up with woolpacks and featherbeds from all parts of the town. One can see to this day the repairs made to the wall, the section of which is next to the Roman Gardens (see photo below).
On the evening of the 23rd of September, 1645, King Charles I entered the City of Chester with 600 men via the Old Dee Bridge. He stayed the night at Sir Francis Gamull's house on Bridge Street. Also during the evening Sydenham Poyntz, a Parliamentarian in pursuit of the King's forces, entered Whitchurch (15 miles to the south) with 3000 horse. A battle looked likely.
Later that evening the King became aware of Poyntz's movements, as a messenger was intercepted at Holt. A decision was made to send out Lord Gerrard's horse troops and five hundred foot soldiers in the morning.
On the morning of the 24 September 1645 the Battle of Rowton Heath occurred in moor land called Miller's Heath near the village of Rowton, two miles to the south east of Chester on the modern A41 road. Parliamentary forces crushed the Royalist loyal Cavaliers. The city was under siege at the time by the Parliamentary army. Royalist forces were coming to lift the siege and join up with Scottish allies, but were intercepted by Parliamentary Forces outside Chester.
The engagement lasted all day starting at 9am and continued throughout the day in three stages as Royalists were pushed back towards the City and its walls. The battle was mainly conducted on horseback with musketeers supporting the cavalry's flanks. As the battle went on into the afternoon, more troops were ordered to march out of the Northgate in support of the Royalists on Rowton Moor, but this decision was too late—the battle was already lost.
As the fighting reached the suburbs it was watched by King Charles I and Sir Francis Gamull from Chester's Phoenix Tower (now also called King Charles' Tower) on the city walls. The King quickly withdrew to the Cathedral tower, but even this was not safe, as the captain standing next to him was shot in the head by musket fire from the victorious Parliamentarians who took residence in the St John's Church tower.
The battle cost the lives of 600 Royalists and an unknown number of Parliamentarians. Among the Royalist dead was Lord Bernard Stuart (1622–1645) Earl of Lichfield, the king's cousin. His portrait is displayed in the National Gallery.[http://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/cgi-bin/WebObjects.dll/CollectionPublisher.woa/wa/work?workNumber=NG6518]
Also slain at the same time was William Lawes (1602–1645) a noted English composer and musician. He was buried in Chester Cathedral without a memorial. He was remembered by the king as the 'Father of Musick' and his portrait as a cavalier hangs in the Faculty of Music at Oxford.
Today there is a small memorial to the battle in the village of Rowton. It consists of a brief history and a battle plan of field at the time.
The next day the king slipped out of Chester and crossed the Old Dee Bridge en route to Denbigh. He left instructions for the city to hold out for 10 days more.
By 1646, after having refused to surrender nine times and with Lord Byron at the head of the city's defences, having only spring water and boiled wheat for lunch — the citizens (17,000) had already eaten their dogs — a treaty was signed. The mills and the waterworks lay in ruins, and not one house from the Eastgate to the middle of Watergate Street had escaped bombardment. When the exultant Puritan forces were let loose on the city, despite the treaty, they destroyed religious icons including the high cross, which was not erected again for over three centuries. In 1646 King Charles I was proclaimed a traitor beside its base.
Worse was to come. The starved citizens then bore the full brunt of the plague, with 2099 people dead from the summer of 1647 to the following spring.
In 1643 Sir Richard Grosvenor petitioned the Assembly to enclose the Row which ran through the front of his town house on Lower Bridge Street, and his request was granted. At the time he was employed in the Royalist army as a Commander. Some speculate that perhaps the room was being used to organise the Royalist Resistance in Chester. In the years after the war, people further down the street also asked for the Row to be enclosed. Eventually Lower Bridge Street lost its rows. The only trace can now be found at number 11.
Most of Chester was rebuilt after the Civil War. There are many fine half-timbered houses dating from this time still standing today.
Chester port declined with most of the ships going from the colonies now going to Liverpool, although it was still the major port of passenger embarkation for Ireland until the early 19th century. A new port was established on the Wirral called Parkgate, but this also fell out of use. The road to the port of Chester was called the 'Great Irish Road' and ran from Bristol to Chester.
Georgian and Victorian eras.
The port declined seriously from 1762 onwards. By 1840 it could no longer effectively compete with Liverpool as a port, although significant shipbuilding and ropemaking continued at Chester. It was once thought that Chester's maritime trade was brought to an end by the silting of the River Dee, although recent research has shown this was not the case. It was the use of larger ocean-going ships that led to the diversion of the trade to the relatively young town of Liverpool and other locations on the River Mersey, which had long been rivals to Chester, such as Runcorn.
In the Georgian era, Chester became again a centre of affluence, a town with elegant terraces where the landed aristocracy lived. This trend continued into the Industrial Revolution, when the city was populated with the upper classes in fleeing to a safe distance from the industrial sprawls of Manchester and Liverpool.
Edmund Halley (of comet fame) was the deputy controller of Chester Castle for a short time and on May 10, 1697 recorded a fall of one inch hailstones in the area. William Molyneux was in exile here from Ireland in 1691 and was working on his book Dioptrics published in London the following year.
The Industrial Revolution brought the Chester Canal (now part of the Shropshire Union Canal) to the city (which was dubbed 'England's first unsuccessful canal', after its failure to bring heavy industry to Chester) as well as railways and two large central stations, only one of which remains. The building of the route to Holyhead involved one particularly notable tragedy, when a cast iron bridge over the river Dee just by the Roodee race course, collapsed. The Dee bridge disaster sent shock waves through the whole nation because there were many other bridges of similar design on the growing national rail network. Robert Stephenson was the engineer to the new line, and he came in for heavy criticism at the inquest held locally. The design was faulty, and many other bridges had to be demolished or replaced. In an attempt to strengthen the brittle cast iron girders of the bridge, Stephenson added tough wrought iron straps along the length of the spans, but, far from improving the structure, added little or no extra strength. A Royal Commission was set up to investigate the problem, and they confirmed the conclusions of the Railway Inspectorate that the design was wrong. 
A leadworks was established by the canal in 1799; its shot tower, which was used for making lead shot for the Napoleonic Wars, is the oldest remaining shot tower in the UK.
The Ruskinian Venetian Gothic Town Hall was ceremoniously opened by Prince of Wales in 1869; its design, following a public competition held to replace the Exchange building, which had stood at the centre of Northgate Street until it burnt down in 1862, was by William Henry Lynn (1829–1915) an Irish architect with a practice in Belfast. Along with the Cathedral Church of Christ & the Blessed Virgin Mary, it still dominates the city skyline with its clock tower with only three faces, with the Wales-facing side remaining blank. The reason for this was popularly reported to be simply because "Chester won't give the Welsh the time of day". However, this did not stop the town hosting Wales's National Eisteddfod in 1866.
The Eastgate clock was also built at this time, and is a central feature as it crosses Eastgate street, and is part of the city walls. The clock is very popular with tourists, and this has given it the grand title of the second most photographed clock in the UK (perhaps even the World) after Big Ben.

</doc>
<doc id="9734485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734485" title="Pedraza, Magdalena">
Pedraza, Magdalena

Pedraza () is a town and municipality of the Colombian Department of Magdalena.
History.
Was founded in 1791 by Pablo José Torregrosa. On December 9, 1908 by Executive Decree 1312 Pedraza became a municipality of the Magdalena Department.
Geography and climate.
Pedraza's contours are slightly plane with certain undulations as high as 120 meters.
Hydrography.
Localized near the ciénaga de Cocore, ciénaga de La Brava, ciénaga de La Palma, ciénaga de Pajaral, ciénaga de Pato, ciénaga de Zapayan, ciénaga de Zarzal and ciénaga de Molino. The streams of Cerezos, Iguanera, Jeremías, La Soledad, Los Coquitos and Patos also flow through the area of Pedraza.
Political division.
Corregimientos and caseríos: 
Economy.
Pedraza's main economic activity is farming with an emphasis on breeding livestock such as cattle, pork, equines, goats, and mules. Agriculture production is also part of its economy, predominantly yuca, corn, tomato, beans. Artisan fishing is also practiced on the many marshes and streams in the area.
Attractions.
Pedraza offers ecotourism sites surrounding Ciénaga La Brava and Riveras del Río.
Historical sites.
Iglesia San Pablo (Saint Peter church), Antiguo Palacio Municipal (Former Cityhall Palace) and the Parque Central (central park).
Festivities.
The town celebrates Carnivals from February through March, while also participating of the holy week, Fiesta de la Conversión de San Pablo (Saint Peter's Conversion Feast) every January 25 and the "Día del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús" (The Sacred Heart of Jesus Day) every June 14.

</doc>
<doc id="9734491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734491" title="Robert Hogg (biologist)">
Robert Hogg (biologist)

Robert Hogg (1818–1897) was a British nurseryman and botanist. He was known as a pomologist who contributed to the science of classification.
He published his book "British Pomology" in 1851, and co-edited "The Florist and Pomologist: A Pictorial Monthly Magazine of Flowers, Fruits and General Horticulture".
He died on 4 April 1897 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9734498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734498" title="Schuylkill Gap">
Schuylkill Gap

Schuylkill Gap is a water gap through Blue Mountain located about 3 miles north of Hamburg, Pennsylvania. The borough of Port Clinton, Pennsylvania resides within the gap itself.
Formed in much the same way as Pennsylvania's other water gaps, Schuylkill Gap is near Hawk Mountain, Weiser State Forest, and some State Game Lands. PA Route 61 as well as the Schuylkill River pass through the gap.

</doc>
<doc id="9734523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734523" title="Jorge Pescara">
Jorge Pescara

Jorge Pescara is a Brazilian Bassist and Megatar player, specializing in Fusion, Progressive, Experimental and Brazilian Jazz.
Select Discography.
solo
Books.
Pescara is the author of bass instructional books.

</doc>
<doc id="9734527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734527" title="Maria Caroline Gibert de Lametz">
Maria Caroline Gibert de Lametz

Marie Caroline Gibert de Lametz, (18 July 1793, Coulommiers – 25 November 1879, Monaco), was a French stage actress and later Princess Consort and regent de facto of Monaco, the spouse of Florestan I, Prince of Monaco. She was the daughter of Charles-Thomas Gibert (1765–18??) and his wife, Marie-Françoise Le Gras de Vaubercey (1766–1842), and the adopted stepdaughter of Antoine Rouyer de Lametz (1762–1836), Knight of the Legion of Honour. She is the paternal granddaughter of Thomas Gibert and his wife, Françoise Moret, and the maternal granddaughter of François Louis Michel Le Gras de Vaubercey and his wife, Gabrielle Françoise des Courtils. Marie Caroline was originally a stage actress. The marriage of her parents ended in divorce.
Maria Caroline Gibert de Lametz and Prince Florestan of Monaco married in Commercy on 27 November 1816 and had two children: Prince Charles, born in 1818 later Prince Charles III, and Princess Florestine, born in 1833.
Florestan ascended to the throne in Monaco in 1841, but her spouse was never prepared to assume the role of prince — he had been an actor in the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique — and the real power during his reign lay in the hands of his wife. For some time, Maria Caroline was able to alleviate the difficult economic situation stemming from Monaco's new position as a protectorate of the Kingdom of Sardinia, rather than of France. The couple also attempted to meet local demands for greater democracy and offered two constitutions to the local population, but these were rejected, particularly by the people of Menton. The couple was not capable of handling the difficult situation, but Florestan in 1856.
Encouraged by the events of 1848, the towns of Menton and Roquebrune revolted soon after, and declared themselves independent. They had hoped to be annexed by Sardinia, but this did not occur, and the towns remained in a state of political limbo until they were finally ceded to France in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="9734550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734550" title="Expodroom">
Expodroom

Expodroom is a multi-purpose arena in Bree, Belgium. Expodroom holds 4,000 people. It hosted the home games of the former basketball club Bree B.B.C.. It has also hosted Fed Cup matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9734557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734557" title="MKS system of units">
MKS system of units

The MKS system of units is a physical system of units that expresses any given measurement using fundamental units of the metre, kilogramme, and/or second (MKS). In 1901, Giovanni Giorgi proposed to the Associazione Elettrotecnica Italiana (AEI) that this system, with a fourth unit taken from the units of electrotechnology, be used as an international system. 
Historically the MKS system of units succeeded the cgs system of units and laid the blueprint for the International System of Units, which now serves as the international standard. Therefore the exact composition of the MKS system is a historical issue. As a matter of historical record the MKS system incorporated fundamental units other than the metre, kilogram, and second in addition to derived units. An incomplete list of the fundamental and derived units appears below. Since the MKS system of units never had a governing body to rule on a standard definition, the list of units depended on different conventions at different times. 

</doc>
<doc id="9734595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734595" title="Forest National">
Forest National

Forest National (French) or Vorst Nationaal (Dutch) is a multi-purpose arena in Brussels, Belgium. The arena can hold more than 8,000 people. It hosts indoor sporting events, as well as music concerts, by a wide variety of music artists, like The Killers, Led Zeppelin, Queen, Deep Purple, Simple Minds, Duran Duran, Scorpions, and Motörhead.

</doc>
<doc id="9734608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734608" title="Zaytsevo">
Zaytsevo

Zaytsevo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9734610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734610" title="Joey Russell">
Joey Russell

Joey Russell (born June 24, 1988 in Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian figure skater. He is the 2006 Canadian junior national champion and is a two season competitor on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. He trained at the Mariposa School of Skating. On May 31, 2011, Russell announced his retirement from competitive figure skating.

</doc>
<doc id="9734611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734611" title="Craig Pruess">
Craig Pruess

Craig Pruess (born 1950) is an American composer, musician, arranger and gold & platinum record producer who has been living in Britain since 1973. His career has covered diverse areas including: record production for international stars such as Anu Malik, Sir Cliff Richard, Sarah Brightman, Sheila Walsh (whose first album, "War of Love" was produced and arranged by Craig and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1983); musical arrangements for Massive Attack, Def Leppard, Bond; feature film soundtrack music ("Bride & Prejudice", "Bend It Like Beckham", "It's a Wonderful Afterlife", "What's Cooking?", "Bhaji on the Beach"); world music producing, performing (sitar, keyboards and African percussion) and arranging for international acts such as Massive Attack, Katie Melua, Manic Street Preachers, Def Leppard and Pascal Obispo; television music ("Peak Practice", Sue Lawley Show, Rich Deceiver, ZigZag Kenya, Samson Superslug) and also arranging, sitar and sound design work (for such well known composers as Danny Elfman, Gabriel Yared, Patrick Doyle, Carl Davis, John Altman, Rachel Portman, and George Fenton); television and film advertising/corporate music (over 300 commercials to date); lecturing and teaching; concert performing (solo and with his own ensembles but also with Mike Oldfield for the world premiere of "Tubular Bells II", September 1992, at the Edinburgh Castle); sound engineering, synthesizer and computer music programming, sound design and music technology innovations.
Craig has composed the original music score for a string of major films by Gurinder Chadha's, including her two number one UK box office smash hit films, Bend It Like Beckham" (top ten in the USA box office, number 1 in India), and Bride & Prejudice". Craig scored her previous films, including "Bhaji on the Beach" (1993) and "What's Cooking?", which opened the big US Sundance Film Festival, January 2000 and released throughout the USA in October 2000, to critical acclaim (UK release was September 2001). Gurinder Chadha's big romantic Bollywood influenced feature film, "Bride and Prejudice", starring the big names of Aishwarya Rai, Anupam Kher and Martin Henderson, was released by Miramax (USA) and Pathé (Europe) in October 2003, and again was number one in the UK, India and South Africa, settling for number 15 for 3 weeks in the USA. Aishwarya Rai was again the big star in Craig's further film score project, "The Mistress of Spices", directed by Paul Mayeda Berges, which was released in the UK and India early 2006. Craig has scored Gurinder's latest feature film, "It's a Wonderful Afterlife", April 2010 box office release, the film reaching number 7 in the UK.
In 2009, Craig was nominated for Best Soundtrack at the RTS Awards (Royal Television Society) for his music for the acclaimed BBC-TV drama series, "Moses Jones", which also garnered Craig a British Academy Award nomination for Best Original Music in May 2010. Since the series, he has teamed up with talented Ugandan musicians, Denis Mugagga and Daniel Sewagudde (formerly of DaTwinz fame in Africa), to create the group the Ganda Boys, with an album "The War of Love" released in 2009, and live shows in UK, France, Germany and Uganda, and with the release of their second album, "Africa", extensive national radio play and media coverage in Uganda. Craig is a core performing member and band leader of the group and co-writes the songs and arranges and produces all the recordings. Craig scored the high profile BBC-TV drama series, "Five Days II", broadcast in Jan 2010. Between 2007 and present, Craig has formed another world fusion ambient music band, At-Ma, with seasoned professional singer, Russell Stone, and complete with tabla maestro, Tom Simenauer, they give concerts in the UK and Europe, headlining the Warsaw Philharmonic in Nov 2010. Craig performs on sitar, harmonium, trumpet and percussion in a totally spontaneous and fluid musical output which delights audiences with its freshness and evocative colours.
Brazilian music featured in Craig's 2006 soundtrack: 90 minute Discovery Channel docu-drama "Gold Diggers - The Biggest Bank Robbery in History". An edgy, fast paced expose of the 2005 massive bank robbery in Fortelesa, Brazil, directed by British director James Erskine. Featuring energetic Brazilian rhythms and tribal percussion layers, along with a filmic, hard-hitting music score, the program itself has become part of the police investigation in Brazil! In 2007, Craig composed the soundtrack for Turner Prize nominated artist Zarina Bhimji's film "Waiting"), which became part of the prestigious Turner Prize exhibition in Liverpool during October 2007. In late 2011, Craig completed his third art film soundtrack for her, "Yellow Patch", charting the origins of the migration of the Gujurati people from Kutch, India, to East Africa. Zarina was born in Uganda and has so poetically captured images from her African experience.
As a songwriter, Craig has penned David Van Day's chart hit, "Young American's Talking". For Cliff Richard, Craig also wrote the title track "Silver's Home Tonight" on the 1983 album, "Silver"; and "Two Worlds", an additional track (equivalent to a B-side) on the Christmas hit, "The Millennium Prayer". In November 1999, Craig was nominated to be the composer for the most successful independent television drama series in British history, "Peak Practice", completing the very last four series (13 episodes each) for Carlton Television until its conclusion in 2003.
In 2000, Craig contributed keyboards and sounds for composer John Altman on the US television film, "RKO 281 - the Making of Citizen Kane", which received 13 nominations for the Emmy Awards, winning the Emmy for best music soundtrack for 2000. Craig worked in his home studio with the director of the film, Ben Ross, to record and perform the initial music sketches, and then also played keyboards with the orchestra for the final recordings of the soundtrack in London.
Craig is the director/founder of the UK record label Heaven on Earth Music. His "Sacred Chants" series of recordings is known globally and used by many leaders of the human development movement in their motivational and inspiration work. Craig has performed sitar concerts for Prince Charles (at his home at Highgrove for a personal concert), the Dalai Lama (large event at the Houses of Parliament, London), Sri Sri Ravi Shankar (founder of the Art of Living Foundation), in Copenhagen, Denmark and then Zagreb, Croatia, and then at the huge World Culture Festival, Olympic Stadium, Berlin, Germany in July 2011). Yoga and spiritual teachers/leaders around the world use his music CDs for sessions, videos and workshops — these include: "Language of Love", "Welcome Home", "108 Sacred Names of Mother Divine", "Sacred Chants of Shiva", "Angel of the Earth" and "Sacred Chants of Buddha".
Craig is an active Art of Living teacher for many years, the first teacher to bring the Art of Living stress management courses into high security prisons in the UK. He has taught these valuable programmes at the headquarters of British Aerospace and introduced the Art of Living knowledge to many musicians, film directors, thinkers and teachers. His home environment includes a fully equipped recording studio and composing suite of instruments and gadgets. He is married with four children, and lives in Stroud, Gloucestershire, UK. He is also a photographer, graphic designer and published poet. He originally studied physics and philosophy at MIT in Boston, and after leaving the USA, lived in Kenya, where he was a full-time member of the teaching staff at the East African Conservatoire of Music in Nairobi. He is founder and director/CEO of the humanitarian organisation, the Ganda Foundation, started by the Ganda Boys, involved with fundraising concerts and activities to bring First World awareness to dire conditions in the Third World. The Ganda Foundation creates films and documentaries and holds fundraising concerts in Europe, and the work of the organisation has directly benefited hospitals and schools in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="9734624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734624" title="Conceptual act model of emotion">
Conceptual act model of emotion

The conceptual act model of emotion is a recent psychological constructivist view on the experience of emotion. This model was proposed by Lisa Feldman Barrett to rectify the "emotion paradox," which has perplexed emotion researchers for decades.
The emotion paradox is as follows. People have vivid and intense experiences of emotion in day-to-day life: they report seeing emotions like "anger," "sadness," and "happiness" in others, and they report experiencing "anger," "sadness" and so on themselves. Nevertheless, psychophysiological and neuroscientific evidence has failed to yield consistent support for the existence of such discrete categories of experience. Instead, the empirical evidence suggests that what exists in the brain and body is affect.
Despite this evidence, most other theories of emotion assume that emotions are genetically endowed, not learned, and are produced by dedicated circuits in the brain: an anger circuit, a fear circuit, and so on. This point of view is very much in line with common-sense conceptions of emotion. The conceptual act model of emotion calls this assumption into question. It suggests that these emotions (often called "basic emotions") are not biologically hardwired, but instead, are phenomena that emerge in consciousness "in the moment," from two more fundamental entities: core affect and categorization.
Core affect.
Core affect is a neurophysiological state characterized along two dimensions:
According to the conceptual act model, emotion is generated when a person categorizes his/her core affective state using knowledge about emotion. This theory combines elements of linguistic relativity and affective neuroscience.
The term "core affect" was first used in print by Russell and Barrett in 1999 in "Journal of Personality and Social Psychology" where it is used to refer to the affective feelings that are part of every conscious state (as discussed by Wundt in his 1889 "System der Philosophie"). The term "core affect" also appears to have been used as a phrase that relates to neuropsychological understanding of behavior as a morbid affect at the roots of any type of human behavior.
The conceptualization of affect.
The conceptual act model of emotion posits that the experience of emotion is analogous to the experience of color. People experience colors as discrete categories: blue, red, yellow, and so on. The physics of color, however, is actually continuous, with wavelengths measured in nanometers along a scale from ultraviolet to infrared. When a person experiences an object as "blue," she is using her knowledge of color to give this wavelength a label. And in fact, people experience a whole range of wavelengths as "blue."
Likewise, emotions are commonly thought of as discrete and distinct—fear, anger, happiness—while core affect is continuous. The conceptual act model suggests that at a given moment, people categorize and apply a label to their current feeling of affect (or core affective state), using their knowledge of emotions, just as they experience and label colors. This process instantiates the experience of "having an emotion."
For example, if someone is experiencing negative affect and sees a snake, he would categorize (and experience) his affective state as "fear," in essence generating an instance of fear. In contrast, a "basic emotions" researcher would say that seeing the snake triggers a dedicated "fear circuit" in the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="9734632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734632" title="Parkano railway station">
Parkano railway station

The Parkano railway station is located in the town of Parkano, Finland. The station was opened for passenger and cargo traffic in 1971, and is located about six kilometres from the Parkano main urban area. The distance from the Helsinki Central railway station is .
Up to 1970, the station named Parkano was located in the Parkano main urban area on the track between Haapamäki and Pori. The old Parkano station was renamed Kairokoski railway station when the new station was opened.
The Parkano railway station was built in connection with the more direct track from Tampere to Seinäjoki to a place where the direct track crossed the track between Haapamäki and Pori. Originally, the station was not intended to serve passenger traffic. Only after public opposition, the VR Group decided to build a temporary barracks-style station building to serve passenger traffic. This station building is still in service.
Almost all passenger trains between Tampere and Seinäjoki stop at Parkano. The station also has cargo traffic, mostly carrying raw wood.

</doc>
<doc id="9734640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734640" title="St. Joseph's School (Baramulla)">
St. Joseph's School (Baramulla)

St. Joseph’s Higher Secondary School, Baramulla, was established and is owned by the Catholic Diocese of Jammu-Srinagar and is administered by its Education Society (Reg. No. 1601-S of 1989) under the provisions of article 30(1) of the Constitution; for everyone without any distinction of religion, caste, creed or colour.
St. Joseph's School is one of the oldest missionary schools in Kashmir valley.The school was started by the Mill Hill Fathers from London. Initially it was a boarding school. After Mill Hill Fathers, the school was taken care of by the Society of Jesus and then handed over to the Diocese of Jammu-Srinagar.
Established in 1905, it has been upgraded to the status of a higher secondary school. Alumni includes the slain Afghan President Mohammad Najibullah, actress Preeti Zinta, Navdeep Singh Kala (Aditya Birla Hindalco.) and senior bureaucrats and politicians of north Kashmir.
The school has started online education, the first in the Kashmir valley.
Environmental Policy.
St. Joseph’s Higher Secondary School regards Environmental Protection and Environmental as important. Students are environmentally knowledgeable.
Ban on smoking.
In compliance with the Central Government administration ban on smoking at public places, SJS has declared its premises as a “No-Smoking Zone”.
Society.
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School is the oldest unit (1905) of the Diocese of Jammu-Srinagar Education Society.
Geo-co-ordinates.
tude = 34.2037, Longitude = 74.3503
Lat = 34 degrees, 12.2 minutes North
Long = 74 degrees, 21.0 minutes East

</doc>
<doc id="9734651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734651" title="Bayannur">
Bayannur

Bayannur or Bayannao'er (; ) is a prefecture-level city in western Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China. Until December 1, 2003, the area was called the Bayannur league.
Bayannur has an administrative area of . The name of the city in Mongolian means "Rich Lake". At the 2010 census, the total population of Bayannur is up to 1,669,915, while the city proper, Linhe District, has 520,300 inhabitants.
History.
The Zhao Dynasty (403 BCE–222 BCE) controlled an area including modern-day Bayannur, while the Western Han Dynasty (206 BCE–24 CE) established a hierarchical Chinese administrative structure. The Qing Dynasty (1644–1912) designated this area as part of "Inner Mongolia", but after its overthrow by the Republic of China (1912-1949), Bayannur was assigned to Suiyuan Province. Because of Mongol-Chinese cooperation with the Communist faction in the Chinese Civil War (stalled since 1950), Suiyuan was annexed to the new Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region from 1954, although not without controversy because of the province's large and longstanding ethnic Han majority.
Geography and climate.
Bayannur is located in the western part of inner Mongolia Autonomous region. Neighbouring prefectures are:
It also borders Mongolia to the north. The whole area of the prefecture is at presert and the total population is nearly 1.7 million. Bayannur features a desert climate (Köppen "BWk"), marked by long, cold and very dry winters, very warm, somewhat humid summers, and strong winds, especially in spring. Most of the rain falls between July and September, with very little snow in winter.
Demographics.
In 2000, there were 1,682,662 inhabitants:
At the end of 2004, the population was at around 1,79 million inhabitants.
Administrative Subdivisions.
Bayannur is divided into one district, two counties and four banners:
Cuisine.
Located in Hetao Plain, Bayannaoer is the largest agricultural hub in Inner Mongolia. Bayannaoer is famous for "Bameng braised dishes" (), meaning "braised dishes".

</doc>
<doc id="9734654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734654" title="Mons.Arena">
Mons.Arena

Mons.Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Mons (Jemappes), Belgium. Mons.Arena holds 3,700 people. It hosts the home games of Belfius Mons-Hainaut basketball club.

</doc>
<doc id="9734697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734697" title="Sir William Brownlow, 1st Baronet">
Sir William Brownlow, 1st Baronet

Sir William Brownlow, 1st Baronet of Humby (c. 1595–1666) was an English politician and barrister.
He was the second son of Richard Brownlow and his wife Katharine Page, daughter of John Page. His older brother was Sir John Brownlow, 1st Baronet of Belton. He was educated at St Mary Hall, Oxford, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1610 or 1611. In 1617, Brownlow was called to the bar by the Inner Temple. Despite having been created a Baronet, of Humby, in the County of Lincoln on 27 June 1641, he was a Parliamentarian during the English Civil War. From 1653, Brownlow sat in the Long Parliament for Lincolnshire.
Around 1624, he married Elizabeth Duncombe, daughter of William Duncombe, and had by her a daughter and a son, Richard, who succeeded to the baronetcy.

</doc>
<doc id="9734705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734705" title="Sea'Arena">
Sea'Arena

Sleuyter Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Oostende, Belgium. Sleuyter Arena holds 5,000 people for basketball games and opened in 2006. It hosts the home games of the Belgian League club BC Oostende, as well as Fed Cup matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9734730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734730" title="Cordillera de la Costa montane forests">
Cordillera de la Costa montane forests

The Cordillera de la Costa montane forests is a montane ecoregion of the Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forest Biome, in the Venezuelan Coastal Range ("Cordillera de la Costa") on the Caribbean Sea in northern Venezuela.
Geography.
The montane forests consist of eleven enclaves, lying between in elevation, in the Venezuelan Coastal Range of the northeastern Andes Mountains. The moist forests cover an area of .
The Venezuelan Coastal Range, which is actually two parallel ranges, runs east and west across northern Venezuela, separating the Orinoco River basin to the south from the Caribbean Sea to the north. The range consists of western and eastern sections. The Coastal Range is a northeastern extension of the Andes Mountains, separated from the Cordillera de Mérida to the southwest by the Yaracuy Depression. These forest enclaves are surrounded at lower elevations by the dry La Costa xeric shrublands, and are separated from both the moist forests of the Andes and of Amazonia by dry shrublands and the vast Llanos grasslands of the Orinoco basin.
Flora.
The ecoregion is home to three main plant communities, evergreen transition forests, evergreen montane cloud forests, and upper montane elfin forest, which are determined by elevation and exposure.
The Evergreen transition forests extend from 600–900 metres to 1000 metres elevation. They lie above the drier lower montane semi-deciduous forests of the La Costa xeric shrublands. The transition forests have a closed canopy made up of "Trophis racemosa, Ficus macbridei, Tetragastris caracasana, Zanthoxylum ocumarense, Banara nitida," etc. The giant endemic tree "Gyranthera caribensis", which can grow up to 60 m in height, forms small emergent stands that rise above the forest canopy. The understory is composed of woody shrubs, ferns, and large herbs like "Heliconia bihai", "Heliconia revoluta", and "Dieffenbachia maculata".
The Evergreen montane cloud forests range from 1000 to 2000–2400 m elevation, and the most species-rich plant community in the ecoregion. The forests have a closed canopy of 15–20 m elevation. Palms are common in both the canopy and the understory, growing as solitary trees or in large clumps, depending on the species. The forests support a dense understory of shrubs, herbs, and ferns, and the trees are festooned with abundant epiphytes (ferns, orchids, bromeliads, ericads and gesneriads).
The Upper montane elfin forest and scrub is found above 2000–2400 m. It consists of low mossy forests of dwarfed trees, including "Clusia multiflora", "Weinmannia" spp., and "Prumnopitys harmsiana", as well as open scrublands dominated by "Libanothamnus neriifolius".

</doc>
<doc id="9734731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734731" title="Hall du Paire">
Hall du Paire

Hall du Paire is a multi-purpose arena in Pepinster, Belgium. Hall du Paire holds 4,000 people and opened in 2006. It hosts the home games of the RBC Verviers-Pepinster professional basketball club.

</doc>
<doc id="9734732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734732" title="Blackwood, Cumbernauld">
Blackwood, Cumbernauld

Blackwood is an area in Cumbernauld, a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. The first parts were constructed in approximately 1995. It is located west of Cumbernauld, on the road to Kirkintilloch.
In a survey in 2000, it was the largest new settlement in Scotland that had not been recognised as a locality in 1991. At the time of the survey, it had a population of 1,470.
Blackwood is near to Broadwood Stadium, which opened in 1994 and is the home of Clyde Football Club, and the man-made loch, Broadwood Loch.

</doc>
<doc id="9734755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734755" title="Thomas Michel">
Thomas Michel

Thomas Michel (born 1955) is a Professor in Medicine at Harvard Medical School interested in the intracellular pathways regulating the endothelial isoform of nitric oxide synthase (eNOS). He is an active clinician, researcher, and educator, and has won numerous awards for all three modalities. He is the discoverer of eNOS, a key regulator of vascular tone. In June, 2008, Thomas Michel was named the first ever Dean for Education at Harvard Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="9734773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734773" title="Robert Rønnes">
Robert Rønnes

Robert Rønnes (born 1959 in Horten, Norway) is a Norwegian classical bassoonist.
Bassoonist.
He studied with Knut Bjærke and Torleif Nedberg at the Norwegian State Academy of Music and with Roger Birnstingl at the Geneva Conservatory. He continued his studies with Gwydion Brooke in London and subsequently Valeri Popov in Moscow.
From 1981 to 2007 he was the principal bassoonist of the Stavanger Symphony Orchestra, a position he also held for a period in 1988 with the Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra.
Rønnes was the first Norwegian bassoonist to receive support from NorConcert—the Concert Institute of Norway—for his début concert at the University Aula in Oslo in 1985. In addition, he has established himself as a highly regarded chamber musician and as an ardent advocate of Norwegian contemporary music; several Norwegian composers have dedicated works to him, resulting in several recordings.
He is in much demand as a soloist in Europe, Russia, China, and the USA and has given bassoon master classes in several music universities in Scandinavia, France, China, and Russia's Tchaikovsky Conservatory in Moscow.
He is also the teacher of prof. Dag Jensen, prof. Ole Kristian Dahl, and his son Kristian Oma Rønnes.
Composer.
In addition to his career as a performer, Rønnes also works as a composer and is a member of the Society of Norwegian Composers. His works have been performed in many countries around the world and are constantly attracting a wider audience. He has received several commissions funded through the Norwegian Cultural Council. Rønnes has restored about 30 works from various composers, with his major projects being the restoration of works by Harald Saeverud in addition to the works of Arvid Kleven, resulting in several recordings by the Stavanger Symphony Orchestra on the BIS Records label. In May 2007 he was awarded the Government Grants and Guarantee Income for Artists (Norway) to support his research in restoring and performing Norwegian bassoon music.

</doc>
<doc id="9734782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734782" title="Meqabyan">
Meqabyan

I, II, and III Meqabyan (Ge'ez: መቃብያን, sometimes spelled "Makabian") are three books in the Ethiopian Orthodox Old Testament Biblical canon. 
Although these books are completely different in content from the books of Maccabees in Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Bibles, they are sometimes referred to as Ethiopic Maccabees or Ethiopian Maccabees. The "Maccabees" described in these books are not those of the Hasmonean dynasty, and the "Five Holy Maccabean Martyrs" here do not correspond to the martyred "woman with seven sons", who were also referred to as "Maccabees" and are revered throughout Orthodoxy as the "Holy Maccabean Martyrs". 
These three books long existed only in Ethiopic, but have recently been translated into standard English by Feqade Selassie. 

</doc>
<doc id="9734784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734784" title="Los Angeles Dodgers all-time roster">
Los Angeles Dodgers all-time roster

"The following is a list of players, both past and current, who appeared at least in one game for the Los Angeles Dodgers National League franchise (1958–present), and for the Brooklyn-based teams known as the Atlantics (1884), Grays (1885–1887), Bridegrooms (1888–1890, 1896–1898), Grooms (1891–1895), Superbas (1899–1910), Dodgers (1911–1913, 1932–1957) and Robins (1914–1931)".
__NOTOC__
Players in Bold are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
Players in "Italics" have had their numbers retired by the team.

</doc>
<doc id="9734790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734790" title="Country Hall Ethias Liège">
Country Hall Ethias Liège

Country Hall Ethias Liège (former: Country Hall du Sart Tilman) is a multi-purpose arena in Liège, Belgium.
The arena has 5,600 seats in its sport configuration and 7,200 in the concert configuration. It hosts indoor sporting events as well as concerts.
Notable sporting events hosted by the arena include the 1973 European champions cup final in which Ignis Varese defeated CSKA Moscow 71-66, and the 1977 European basketball championship. The arena is the regular home venue of Belgacom Liège Basket who competes in the Basketball League Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="9734797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734797" title="Keron Grant">
Keron Grant

Keron Grant (born August 23, 1976, in Montego Bay) is a Jamaican-American comic book artist, who has worked mostly for Marvel Comics.
His first published work was a pinup in the back of one of the final issues of Dale Keown's "Pitt". His first steady comics work was drawing three issues of the unpublished "Century" comic from Rob Liefeld's Awesome Comics. His job drawing online comics for the "Matrix" series led to a short stint on "Iron Man" when Matrix comics inker Rob Stull brought Grant to the attention of Marvel editors.

</doc>
<doc id="9734819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734819" title="Catherine Keller (theologian)">
Catherine Keller (theologian)

Catherine Keller (born 1953) is a process theologian and is a professor of Constructive Theology at New Jersey's Drew University. Like most major voices in process theology, she studied directly with John B. Cobb at Claremont.
Her professional interests are broad, and encompass social and ecological justice, poststructuralist theory, and feminist and metaphorical readings of scripture. Along with Roland Faber at Claremont, she is one of the academics working in the field of Theopoetics.

</doc>
<doc id="9734825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734825" title="Shark Bait">
Shark Bait

Shark Bait (The Reef in the UK, Australia and North America, "Pi's Story" in South Korea) is a 2006 South Korean-American computer animated film. The plot revolves around Pi and his attempt to win the heart of Cordelia while dealing with a tiger shark who is terrorizing him and the reef's inhabitants. The film was a commercial failure. It was largely criticised for borrowing heavily from other films such as Disney/Pixar's "Finding Nemo", DreamWorks' "Shark Tale" and Walt Disney's "The Little Mermaid" (and at one point, a reference to "Star Wars" and "The Karate Kid") and, despite the amount of talented actors and comedians involved in the voiceover work, was a box office failure. Despite being an American-South Korean co-production, the movie did not receive a theatrical release in the United States, where it was released direct to DVD in 2007.
A direct-to-DVD sequel, "" was released in 2012.
Plot.
Pisces, or Pi (Freddie Prinze, Jr.), is a 5 year old orange fish who lives happily with his parents, until a fishing boat scoops them from the sea. Pi's parents manage to help him escape, but cannot escape themselves. Pi (Now 25 years old) is taken by his porpoise friends to live with his aunt Pearl (Fran Drescher) and cousin Dylan (Andy Dick) on an exotic reef. As he tries to settle himself in this new world, the sweet and well-meaning Pi makes some good friends in his new home. When he reaches adulthood Pi falls in love with Cordelia (Evan Rachel Wood), a celebrity fish who has appeared of the front cover of "National Geographic Magazine".
However, Troy (Donal Logue), the meanest, toughest shark in the ocean, is not only terrorizing everyone in the reef community, but also has his eye set on Cordelia to become his mate. Pi also learns about Nerissa (Rob Schneider), a wise old hermit turtle who lives in the Old Ship Wreck and practices martial arts, leading to rumours that he is a wizard.
When Pi helps Cordelia after she gets a hook in her fin, she invites him to go to a concert with her. Afterwards, they look at the stars and she falls in love with him. An enraged Troy starts abusing Pi worse than ever, until Cordelia makes him a deal: if he leaves Pi alone, she will marry him (which, in this case, is done when someone "accepts someone else's pearl").
When Pi hears of this, he decides he has had enough of Troy's abuse towards him, and asks Nerissa to teach him martial arts to combat Troy. Nerissa initially refuses, but Pi persists and he finally agrees.
After mastering the martial arts, Pi and his friends decide to band together to stop the abuse and terror that has caused fear within the reef's population. After training his friends, Pi leads the charge and they deal with Troy's crew in a final showdown.
When Pi taunts and insults Troy, Troy attacks him. Nerissa tries to help, but is badly injured by Troy's attack. Pi manages to trick Troy into chasing him, and fooled him into swimming into a fisherman's net after Pi narrowly escapes Troy who is lifted from the sea. Pi is proclaimed a hero, Nerissa gives Pi his pearl because Nerissa never had a son, yet he sees Pi as his son) and Cordelia accepts the pearl that Pi gives her and they are now married.
Reception.
The film has received mostly negative reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 19% of 3 critics have given the film a positive review. It has been described as a 'Finding Nemo rip-off' as it heavily borrows from the film as well as borrowing from other films such as Shark Tale and Karate Kid. It was also criticized for its poor animation which was described as 'cheap and moves too fast' and visuals. The film currently holds a mid-low rating of 4.2 out of 10 at IMDb.
The animation and visuals were later fixed in its sequel; "".

</doc>
<doc id="9734841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734841" title="The Reef">
The Reef

The Reef may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9734849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734849" title="Nokia railway station">
Nokia railway station

The Nokia railway station is located in the town of Nokia, Finland, on the track between Tampere and Pori. The station was completed in 1895, and trains between Tampere and Pori stop there twelve times a day, half of which in each direction. A train trip between Tampere and Nokia takes 14 minutes, according to the VR Group. There is a bus station in connection with the railway station, including a Matkahuolto cargo terminal, a taxi station, a café-kiosk and a business complex, containing a police station and a waffle café.

</doc>
<doc id="9734863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734863" title="Haje Jan Kamps">
Haje Jan Kamps

Haje Jan Kamps (May 21, 1981) is a Dutch inventor, author, freelance writer, journalist, photographer and editor. He is best known for running the popular "Photocritic" photography blog, for writing a series of books about photography, and for starting the Triggertrap company. 
He currently lives in London and is the CEO of Triggertrap Ltd.
Short bio.
Born in Leiderdorp, South Holland to parents Hielke Kamps and Lizeth Rovers, Haje moved to Norway in 1988 when he was seven years old, and to the UK in 2001 when he was nineteen. In England, he studied Journalism at Liverpool John Moores University, and started a stint working in publishing and media.
Media career.
In 1998 when he was sixteen, Kamps discovered that there weren't any decent websites about photography in Norwegian, and decided that he could do better. He, together with Martin Lexow Wirak, started Digitalkamera.no, a major Norwegian technology news and reviews website about digital photography which later evolved into akam.no. 
In 2002, while working at Granada Television, on a Coronation Street specials series, Kamps started a website called Photocritic, which became extremely popular in December 2005, when it was featured on Slashdot, and subsequently got heavy coverage on Digg and dozens of other large blogs. It was later awarded the best DIY photography gadget in Lifehacker. 
The Photocritic.org photography blog continues to be popular., but was purchased by Sterling Publishing, and is now hosted at Pixiq, where Kamps posts regularly.
In 2007, Kamps wrote a book on macro photography for John Wiley & Sons publishing, entitled "Macro Photography Photo Workshop" (ISBN 978-0470118764).
He has worked at Future Publishing as web editor for Fast Car Magazine and T3 magazine, and then as a senior producer at Five, the British TV channel. At Five, Kamps was the senior producer on the highly successful FiveFWD website. 
Kamps still works as a freelance (ghost-)writer and editorial consultant.
He also acts as a guest in different photography competitions.
But in 2011, he created Triggertrap, which now commands most of his time.
Hardware / product development.
In 2011, Kamps created the Triggertrap universal camera trigger, a device based on the Arduino rapid prototyping platform. The Triggertrap connects cameras to various sources (light, laser, sound, or any other arbitrary source), and can be used to trigger the camera on a certain event. The Triggertrap project was successfully crowd-funded via the Kickstarter platform, raising $77,262 - more than 3 times over its original $25,000 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9734867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734867" title="Pocahontas (Disney)">
Pocahontas (Disney)

Pocahontas is a title character in Disney's 33rd animated feature film "Pocahontas", and its direct-to-video sequel "". The character and the events she goes through are very loosely based on the actual historical figure Pocahontas.
Pocahontas, as the daughter of a Native American paramount chief, is the first American Disney Princess. Pocahontas is also the first (and only) Disney Princess to have two love interests. However, most media, including the Disney Princess franchise, keep John Smith and Pocahontas as an official couple, completely ignoring John Rolfe. This is generally because John Rolfe is exclusive to the direct-to-video sequel.
She is voiced by and modeled after Native American actress Irene Bedard and her singing vocals were performed by Broadway singer Judy Kuhn in both films. Kuhn also reprises the role of Pocahontas in the Disney Princesses' single and music video, "If You Can Dream" and the original Disney Princess songs "These Moments We Share", "Silver and Gold" and "Christmas Is Coming!".
Personality.
Pocahontas' name means "Little Mischief" or the "naughty one" She is based on the real historical figure, and was born into a highly sophisticated Native American culture that had some knowledge of Europeans.
Pocahontas is displayed as a noble, free-spirited and highly spiritual young woman. She expresses wisdom beyond her years and offers kindness and guidance to those around her. She loves adventure and nature. In the film, she appears to have shamanic powers since she was able to commune with nature, talk to spirits, empathize with animals, and understand unknown languages.
In the sequel, Pocahontas seems to have grown after thinking that John Smith had died. She keeps her independent spirit and playfulness, but is much more mature and self-assured than she was in the first film. During her stay in England, she nearly loses herself in the hustle and bustle of this new world and is turned into someone she is not. However, in the end, she bravely intends to sacrifice herself for her people's safety and returns to her homeland, finding herself, and love, once again.
Appearances.
"Pocahontas".
In the beginning of the film, Pocahontas learns that Kocoum, one of her dad's bravest warriors, has asked to marry her. (In place of a wedding ring, Pocahontas is given her deceased mother's wedding necklace, and she wears it throughout the bulk of the film.) However, Pocahontas does not feel that this is the right path for her. She is the first one to spot the ship carrying the Europeans, mistaking the ship's sails for clouds. Pocahontas later encounters one of the settlers, John Smith. As the story unfolds, it is revealed that her mother has died, and that she lives with her father.
Over time, the two get to know each other, asking all sorts of questions about each other's people, lives, and different worlds. However, the conversation goes sour when John Smith unintentionally reveals his prejudices towards Native Americans. Pocahontas explains to him the beauty and importance of nature and respecting the earth through the song, Colors of the Wind. This causes John to see the ill of his thoughts and change his ways, and the two fall in love with each other.
When Kocoum stumbles upon Pocahontas and John Smith kissing, Kocoum becomes enraged and attacks him. Before Pocahontas can break them up, Thomas, who had been sent to find John, shoots and kills Kocoum. John Smith takes the blame, is taken prisoner by the Powhatan men, and sentenced to die at sunrise.
Pocahontas realizes that she must stop the execution that will lead to war between the Native Americans and the settlers. She runs to where it will take place, calling out to the forces of nature to help her reach them in time. Pocahontas reaches John Smith just in time to throw herself over him and save him from being killed by her father, Chief Powhatan who then comes to his senses and releases John Smith. When the enraged Governor Ratcliffe shoots at the chief, John Smith pushes Powhatan out of the way, and takes the bullet.
Soon after, a wounded John Smith asks her to come with him to England, but she explains that her place is in Virginia, with her people. To comfort him, she tells him that "no matter what happens, I'll always be with you, forever". They kiss, and the men carry him onto the ship. As it is leaving, Pocahontas runs as fast as she can to a cliff overlooking the ocean. John waves goodbye in the Powhatan fashion, and Pocahontas waves back in the Powhatan fashion, like she showed him to earlier when the two first met, as the ship sails away.
It is important to note that Jean Jacques Rousseau's notion of the "noble savage" was an important inspiration for this fictionalized story of the important historical persona that is Pocahontas. For as can be seen in other information given below, the story presented in the animated film is not an accurate telling of her life. Rather, it is an examination of the above notion.
"Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World".
In "", Pocahontas goes to London as a diplomat to stop a potential attack upon her people being ordered by King James in a plot by Ratcliffe. There, she is accompanied by John Rolfe and slowly develops a romance with him. In the end, she is reunited with John Smith, but explains to him that they are "no longer following the same path that they went on years ago", and parts ways with him. Successfully exposing Ratcliffe, who is then arrested by order of the King, Pocahontas and John Rolfe get on a ship going back to Virginia together, and kiss as the ship sails off into the sunset.
Other appearances.
She is featured in Disney's Hollywood Studios nighttime fireworks stage show "Fantasmic!" and "World of Color" at Disney's California Adventure Park. She makes cameo appearances in numerous episodes of the "Disney's House of Mouse" television series. She appears daily at the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts for meet and greets. She is the most common "Pocahontas" character, next to Meeko. She and John Smith appear in the Disney Cruise Line stage show "The Golden Mickeys". She is also known to come out for meet-and-greets on the ships.Pocahontas, Meeko and Flit make cameo appearances in the Hong Kong Disneyland version of It's a Small World. She had her own show entitled "Pocahontas and her Forest Friends" at Disney's Animal Kingdom, which ran from 1998 to 2008.
Reception.
Critical reception towards Pocahontas has been generally mixed. 
Writing "Pocahontas is as headstrong as the Little Mermaid," "The New York Times"' Janet Maslin commented, "Pocahontas is a babe. She's the first Disney animated heroine since Tinker Bell with great legs ... She wears form-fitting, off-the-shoulder buckskin that would be as much at home in Beverly Hills as in 17th-century Jamestown. She's got sloe eyes, a rosebud mouth, billowing black hair and terrific muscle tone. And she is the centerpiece of a film that's as great-looking as its heroine." Describing the character as a combination of Ariel, Belle and Jasmine, Chris Hicks of the "Deseret News "wrote, "Pocahontas is ... a buffed-up babe squeezed into skintight buckskin."
Much criticism was directed towards the film's depiction of Pocahontas, which several critics deemed historically inaccurate. 
Similarly, reception towards the romantic relationship between Pocahontas and John Smith has also been generally mixed. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times "opined, "Since these lessons are taught by an Indian maiden with a waist-length mane of black hair, an hourglass figure and a Playmate face John Smith's heart finds it easy to listen". However, Ebert continued, "because the romantic theme 'If I Never Knew You' was cut from the movie ... their relationship emerges rather abruptly." Ebert also felt that the film's dramatic conclusion in which Pocahontas and Smith part ways was both disappointing and anticlimactic. 
Kuhn herself has received unanimous praise for her performance as Pocahontas' singing voice.

</doc>
<doc id="9734873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734873" title="2002 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2002 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2002 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 7–10, 2002 in Charlotte, North Carolina at the Charlotte Coliseum. Duke won the tournament for the fourth year in a row, defeating NC State in the championship game. The two teams would go on to meet in the championship game in the next season. Duke's Carlos Boozer won the tournament's most valuable player award.
The University of Maryland were the ACC regular season champions, but lost to NC State in the semifinal round. Maryland would go on to win the NCAA Championship for the first time in school history.
Duke defeated all three of their in-state rivals on their way to the tournament championship. They defeated arch-rival North Carolina in the quarterfinal round, Wake Forest in the semifinal, and NC State in the championship game.
It was the last tournament to be held at Charlotte Coliseum. Shortly after the ACC tournament, the NBA Hornets moved to New Orleans, and the arena's fate was condemned as the expansion Bobcats requested a new arena downtown. This led to the venue closing after 2005 and imploded in 2007. Future events in Charlotte were held at the considerably smaller Time Warner Cable Arena.

</doc>
<doc id="9734885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734885" title="Florence Oberle">
Florence Oberle

Florence Oberle (December 6, 1869 – July 10, 1943) was a stage and
motion picture actress from Tarrytown, New York.
Oberle appeared on the New York City stage in Morosco Theatre and David Belasco productions until 1915. She was once billed as "the most beautiful woman on the American stage." In California Oberle played opposite theatrical stars like Edward Everett Horton and Trixie Friganza. Her last appearance on stage came in 1931, performing with Jane Cowl in "Camille".
In 1915 Oberle signed with Essanay Studios, a pioneer film studio of the silent movie era. She also performed with Charles Ray and various Hollywood actors at Keystone Studios, Triangle Studios, and Famous Players. Among her films are "The White Sister" (1915),
"Separating From Sarah" (1916), "The Invisible Web" (1917), "Her Country First" (1918), and "Smudge" (1922).
Oberle lived for many years in Chicago, Illinois. When she retired she came to reside in Los Angeles, California in 1931. Her home was
at 1237 West 96th Street. She was the widow of Thomas Oberle, a 
matinee idol, who died in the early years of the twentieth century.
Florence Oberle died at the Little Romano Sanitarium in North Glendale, California, in 1943. She was seventy-three years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9734902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734902" title="Fort Hamilton Line">
Fort Hamilton Line

The following transit lines in Brooklyn, New York City, United States have been known as the Fort Hamilton Line:
The BMT Fourth Avenue Line subway also runs to Fort Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="9734933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734933" title="Gillian Gilks">
Gillian Gilks

Gillian Gilks (formerly Gillian Perrin, and later Gillian Goodwin; born 20 June 1950) is a former badminton player from England who won numerous major titles in all three events (singles, doubles, and mixed doubles) between the late 1960s and the mid-1980s.
Tall and slender in her badminton prime, with elegant, accurate strokes, Gilks is the most successful player ever in the European Badminton Championships with 12 titles, two of them in women's singles, four in women's doubles and six in mixed doubles. She is also one of the most successful players in the long history of the All England Open Championships with eleven titles; two in women's singles, three in women's doubles, and six in mixed doubles. In 1976 she won all three events at the All Englands making her the last person to "sweep the board" there in a single year. In 1999 she was inducted into the World Badminton Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9734937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734937" title="Maihue Lake">
Maihue Lake

The Maihue Lake (, , Mapudungun for "Wooden glass") is a lake located east of Ranco Lake in the Andean mountains of southern Chile. The lake is of glacial origin and it is enclosed by mountain ranges of the Andes, by all sides, and drains west to Ranco Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9734959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734959" title="Mega March Madness">
Mega March Madness

Mega March Madness was a pay-per-view out-of-market sports package covering games in the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship which was exclusive to DirecTV from 2002 until 2010 and supplemented the coverage from CBS Sports. The charge for the package was a one-time $69 charge per year. 
Description.
"See also College Basketball on CBS#Tournament feed overview"
Viewers were able to watch games which did not air on their CBS affiliate, and Mega March Madness also had a multiplex channel allowing all four games to be framed on the same screen. Game coverage still used CBS coverage and announcers, though DirectTV promotional advertising replaced CBS station local breaks and the games were uninterrupted by in-game analysis or a cut-over to a more compelling game like was done on the main CBS broadcasts.
Decline and discontinuation.
In many markets however, CBS also provided sub-feeds of games for affiliates to air on digital subchannels or secondary sister stations. Though these games featured regular advertising and analysis and were only aired in standard definition, it was regarded as duplicative and as the stations offered the coverage for free, Mega March Madness was among the lowest-subscribed DirectTV sports packages as many viewers utilized a secondary cable connection or antenna to receive the games without charge, although in latter years CBS only allowed stations coverage of one further game on a digital subchannel to protect the Mega March Madness package. Further development of streaming of all games over video on demand on the Internet cut further into the package's appeal.
After the 2010 tournament, Mega March Madness was discontinued, as the NCAA's new tournament deal with CBS and the networks of Turner Broadcasting System (TBS, TNT, and truTV) facilitated national coverage of every game on a cable or broadcast channel without cut-aways or staggered scheduling, making the Mega March Madness package superfluous.

</doc>
<doc id="9734965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734965" title="W3C Device Description Working Group">
W3C Device Description Working Group

The W3C Device Description Working Group (DDWG), operating as part of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Mobile Web Initiative (MWI), was chartered to "foster the provision and access to device descriptions that can be used in support of Web-enabled applications that provide an appropriate user experience on mobile devices." Mobile devices exhibit the greatest diversity of capabilities, and therefore present the greatest challenge to content adaptation technologies. The group published several documents, including a list of requirements for an interface to a Device Description Repository (DDR) and a standard interface meeting those requirements.
The group was rechartered in 2006 to work in public towards the development of the Application Programming Interface (API) for a DDR. Early in 2007, the group launched a wiki and a blog to add to the public mailing list. The group subsequently published a formal vocabulary of core device properties, and an API called the DDR Simple API, which became a W3C Recommendation in December 2008. The group closed at the end of 2008, but with the intention of maintaining the Web pages, blog and wiki through W3C volunteer effort.
Publications.
The DDWG published several W3C Working Group Notes and one W3C Recommendation.
Much of the DDWG's material was developed in public via the DDWG Wiki and through their public mailing lists.

</doc>
<doc id="9734994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9734994" title="Scanair">
Scanair

Scanair was a charter airline of Danish origins that operated between 1961 and 1994. Its head office was in Bromma, Stockholm Municipality, Sweden.
History.
Scanair was originally founded in Denmark on June 1961 and was partially owned by SAS. The first aircraft to be operated was the Douglas DC-7 for charter flights to Spain, North Africa and the USA. In 1965 the headquarters was moved to Stockholm and SAS supplied Scanair with Douglas DC-8 aircraft. Soon thereafter two Boeing 727 joined the growing fleet and Scanair soon became the biggest charter company in Scandinavia. 
Other destinations served throughout the years in addition to those mentioned before were the Canary Islands, Sri Lanka, Thailand and the winter resorts of Austria, Germany and Switzerland. To increase capacity the Airbus A300 was acquired but the A300's range was not sufficient for the needs and those were soon replaced with Douglas DC-10s. Scanair grew so much that by the 1980s was carrying over 2 million passengers a year, but that was not enough to turn a profit so a merger partner was found in the Danish airline Conair with which it merged on January 1, 1994 and that resulted in the formation of a whole new airline called Premiair.
Historical Fleet Details.
Fleet references: 

</doc>
<doc id="9735007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735007" title="Brian Hunter (outfielder)">
Brian Hunter (outfielder)

Brian Lee Hunter (born March 25, 1971) is a former center fielder in Major League Baseball. At 6'3" and around 180 lbs, he was known for stealing over 70 bases in 1997.
Minor league career.
Hunter was born on March 25, 1971 in Portland, Oregon. He graduated from Fort Vancouver High School in Vancouver, Washington.
Hunter, who threw and batted right-handed, was drafted by the Houston Astros in the 2nd round (35th Overall) of the amateur draft. Hunter spent a little over five and a half seasons in the minor leagues. He began his pro career with the Gulf Coast League Astros in 1989. Hunter then went on to spend the next three seasons in class A playing for the Asheville Tourists of the South Atlantic League in 1990 and then the Osceola Astros of the Florida State League for two seasons 1991-1992. After a season in Class AA with the Jackson Generals of the Texas League, Hunter moved up to Class AAA and played part of the season with the Pacific Coast League's Tucson Toros in 1994.
Major league career.
Hunter made his major league debut for the Astros on June 27, 1994 against the Cincinnati Reds. In five at bats he contributed with one hit, and stole his first base in this game. He played with Houston through the 1996 season. On December 10 of that year he was traded along with Orlando Miller, Todd Jones and Doug Brocail, as well as cash, to the Detroit Tigers for Daryle Ward, C. J. Nitkowski, Trever Miller, José Lima and Brad Ausmus.
He played for Detroit from -. In 1997 he led the American League with 74 stolen bases, and was caught stealing 18 times. He played in all 162 games that year; he also led the league in putouts, and committed only four errors. As a batter, Hunter set the Tigers all-time record for outs with 525, which still stands today.
On April 28, during the 1999 season, he was traded to the Seattle Mariners for Andy Van Hekken and a minor leaguer. He again led the AL in stolen bases, this time with 44, in 1999. On March 27, 2000 he was released by the Mariners, and four days later he signed with the Colorado Rockies who traded him to the Reds on August 6. On November 27 he was released by the Reds, and on January 10, 2001 Hunter signed with the Philadelphia Phillies who in turn granted him free agency on November 5, which allowed him to play -03 and finish his career where it began, with the Astros, where he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="9735011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735011" title="Cláudia Vieira">
Cláudia Vieira

Cláudia Patrícia Figueira Vieira (born 20 June 1978 in Loures) is a Portuguese actress, model and television presenter.
As a model, she has appeared on the Portuguese magazine covers of "FHM" and "GQ". Vieira has also featured regularly in the Portuguese advertisement for French car manufacturer Renault.
Career.
2004–2009: Breakthrough.
Vieira's first acting role was a minor role on comedy series "Maré Alta" where she appeared in the show for 16 episodes.
Following her minor role in "Maré Alta", Vieira received her first major lead role where she played the character of Ana Luísa Rochinha in season two of "Morangos com Açúcar".
Vieira made her feature film debut in the Portuguese thriller "Contrato", where she played a character called Júlia.
2009–present: "Ídolos" and return to Telenovelas.
Following the end of the second season of "Ídolos", Vieira was announced as the new presenter for the third season of the talent show alongside João Manzarra, on the 10 August 2009. This would mark the first time that Vieira would present a television show.
In 2011, after a four-year hiatus from telenovelas, Vieira returned on soap opera "Rosa Fogo" where she played the character of Maria Azevedo Mayer.
After three seasons as the presenter of "Ídolos", the show was cancelled as a result of SIC commissioning the Portuguese version of the "The X Factor" in September 2013.
As of 2013, Vieira is playing the lead role in soap opera "Sol de Inverno" where she plays the character Andreia.
Personal life.
Vieira met actor Pedro Teixeira in the summer of 2004, whilst filming on the set of the second season of "Morangos com Açúcar".
On 23 October 2009, Vieira and Teixeira announced that she was pregnant with the couple's first child, a girl. Vieira gave birth to her daughter with Teixeira, named María, on 5 April 2010 at the Hospital da Luz in Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="9735024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735024" title="Felicia Pearson">
Felicia Pearson

Felicia Pearson (born May 18, 1980, in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American actress, author, and rapper. She is best known for playing a character of the same name, Felicia "Snoop" Pearson, on "The Wire". She wrote a memoir titled "Grace After Midnight" detailing her troubled childhood and time spent in prison for second-degree murder.
Biography.
Pearson was born to two incarcerated drug addicts and raised in an East Baltimore foster home. Born a premature crack baby and weighing only three pounds, she was not expected to live. She was so small she was fed with an eyedropper until she could be fed normally. According to her memoir, "Grace After Midnight", she met her biological parents very few times; her mother was a crack addict and her father a stick-up man. She thus decided to go by her foster family's surname. She was a tomboy from a young age.
Instead of attending school, Pearson worked as a drug dealer. At the age of 14, she was convicted of second-degree murder in the shooting death of a girl named Okia Toomer and sentenced to two eight-year terms, to be served consecutively, at the Maryland Correctional Institution for Women in Jessup, Maryland. She was released after 6.5 years.
Pearson said her life turned around at the age of 18 when Arnold Loney, a local drug dealer who looked out for her and sent her money in prison, was shot and killed. He was the one who gave her the nickname Snoop because she reminded him of Charlie Brown's beagle Snoopy in the comic strip "Peanuts". While in prison, she earned her GED and was released in 2000. She landed a local job fabricating car bumpers, but was fired after only two weeks when her employer learned she had a prison record.
On March 10, 2011, Pearson was arrested along with 60 others for alleged drug offenses. The arrest was made during a predawn raid at her home in Baltimore following a five-month DEA operation. Denying bail, Judge John Addison Howard reasoned: “Well, you can change your appearance, I’ve seen the episodes of "The Wire" in which you appear. You look very different than you do here today, and I’m not talking about the jumpsuit, I’m talking about your general appearance.” After a month in jail, Pearson was offered bail of $50,000 on April 8, 2011. In August, 2011, she pleaded guilty to the charges a day before her trial was to begin. She was sentenced to a suspended seven-year prison term, with credit for time served, and given three years of supervised probation.
Acting career.
Pearson met Michael K. Williams, who played Omar Little on "The Wire", in a Baltimore club. He invited her to come to the set one day. He introduced her to the writers and the producers, and after a subsequent audition, she was offered a role in the series. She has appeared in videos of R&B singer Lil' Mo's "Dem Boyz," rapper Rick Ross' "The Boss," "Here I Am," as well as "Cash Flow" by rapper Ace Hood and "Shabba(feat ASAP Rocky)" by A$AP Ferg.
Music career.
Pearson was featured in the song "It's a Stick Up" with Tony Yayo and Mazaradi Fox. The music video for the song featured clips from "The Wire". She has also discussed her plans for forthcoming musical projects in a number of interviews.
Philanthropy.
Pearson founded a youth drama organization named Moving Mountains with her former "Wire" co-star Jamie Hector (Marlo Stanfield). She says the aim of Moving Mountains is to stop youth violence, teach performing arts and help kids who really want to get off the streets and stay out of trouble." Pearson has also volunteered as a prison visitor and worked on anti-violence and literary campaigns for youths, and supported The Stay Strong Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9735029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735029" title="No One Else (Total song)">
No One Else (Total song)

"No One Else" is a song by Total, from their 1996 debut album. (although their first single, ""Can't You See"" released from the ""New Jersey Drive Soundtrack"", also later appeared on the album too) The track was a collaboration between the group's record label owner Sean "Puffy" Combs, now infamous member of the Trackmasters Jean-Claude "Poke" Olivier and "Terri & Monica" vocalist/writer Terri Robinson. It featured a rap verse from Da Brat, a sample from the track ""South Bronx"" by KRS-One/Boogie Down Productions and was a moderate hit, peaking at number twenty-two on the U.S. "Billboard Hot 100" and faring much better at number four on the "Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs" chart.
The song was released with both the original and ""Puff Daddy (& Rodney Jerkins) Remix"" as prominent versions. Certain editions of the single only featured the remix and it even had its own music video. The track was based around rap verses from Foxy Brown and Lil' Kim, a new one from original featured artist Da Brat and a re-written chorus of ""I don't need, no one but you"" by Total. The video version also had Puff Daddy recite lyrics from Sister Sledge's ""We Are Family"" (in reference to the Bad Boy Family) during the intro.
The mellow ""R&B Remix"" by another Bad Boy associate, producer Chucky Thompson was also included on certain editions of the single. There were slight lyrical differences on this mix including no rap, a spoken intro by Keisha, repositioning of the bridge and Keisha & Pam this time providing background vocals to their respective B-Sections.
Music video.
There were videos filmed for both "No One Else" and its "Puff Daddy Remix":
The original version features members of the group in several different outfits including one set resembling biker gear with background colours of white, red, green and gold. Shots from the video were used as promotional pictures for the "No One Else", "Kissin' You" and "What About Us?" singles and the groups' debut album. Da Brat makes an appearance rapping her contribution to the track in a scene with a white convertible car, green background and all artists dressed in white outfits. Director Hype Williams helmed this video.
<br>
The remix video is slightly more concept based, with the females eventually arriving to rob a bank in a Mercedes Benz car. The various artists appearing on the track also feature alongside Puff Daddy & The Notorious B.I.G. against a white background and playing poker. It is viewed completely in black and white and was to be the group's second of three single remix videos. (the other two being ""Can't You See"" & ""Kissin' You"")
Tracklistings.
CD Single (Remix)
<br>
12" Vinyl Single (US)
<br>
Side 1
Side 2
<br>
12" Vinyl Single (Remix)
<br>
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="9735037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735037" title="Dan Counce">
Dan Counce

Dan Counce (born October 22, 1951, in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired American soccer player and current professional soccer executive. He played six seasons in the North American Soccer League and six more in the Major Indoor Soccer League. He also earned five caps with the United States national team between 1974 and 1976.
Player.
College.
After playing at Rosary High School in St. Louis, Counce attended St. Louis University where he played on the men’s soccer team. He was a member of the 1970, 1972 and 1973 NCAA soccer championship teams. In 1973, he won the Hermann Trophy as the outstanding collegiate soccer player in North America. Counce also was selected the MVP of the 1973 ISAA Senior Soccer Bowl and the NCAA National Championship soccer Tournament.
National team.
He earned his first cap with the U.S. national team in a September 8, 1974, loss to Mexico. In 1975, he played only one of the five national team games, a 7–0 loss to Poland in March. It was over a year and a half later before he was called up again, this time for a November 12, 1976, tie with Haiti. His last game with the national team came a month later when he came on for fellow St. Louis University alumnus Al Trost in a 3–0 loss to Canada.
Professional.
Through the years, Counce established himself as a journeyman player in the NASL. After finishing his career at St. Louis, he joined the Boston Minutemen of the North American Soccer League (NASL). He bounced from team to team, six total, over the next six years, finishing his NASL career with eight games for the Toronto Blizzard in 1979. By this time, however, he had already begun to move towards indoor soccer. In 1978, he signed with the Philadelphia Fever of Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). The 1978–1979 MISL season was the first for both the team and the league. That year, the Fever went to the MISL championship series, losing to the New York Arrows, despite goals from Counce. Counce continued to play in the MISL, but moved to the St. Louis Steamers for the 1979–1980 season. That year, Counce was named the team's MVP. However, he moved again in the off season to the Baltimore Blast. He was the Blast's team MVP in the 1980–1981 season. Counce remained with the Blast through the end of the 1983–1984 season when he retired from playing professionally.
Soccer management.
Counce has been active in managing professional soccer teams even before retiring from playing. He was either a General Manager or Assistant General Manager for the St. Louis Steamers in 1979–1980, the Baltimore Blast from 1986–1990 and the St. Louis Storm, also of MISL, from 1990–1991.
From 1987–1991, Counce served on the United States Soccer Federation Executive Committee and the MISL Board of Directors from 1986–1991.
On January 15, 1997, the Rapids hired Counce as the team’s General Manager after its first season in Major League Soccer. In 2002, MLS named Counce the league’s Executive of the Year. However, just two years later, AEG sold the Rapids to Kroenke Sports and he resigned at the conclusion of his contract in January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9735040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735040" title="Indiana Township Trustee">
Indiana Township Trustee

A township trustee is an elected official in the local government of the U.S. state of Indiana. A township trustee administers a township, which is a political subdivision of a county, and in common with most other state officials serves a term of four years.
Duties.
The duties of a township trustee include:
Township Board.
The trustee is assisted by a three-member Township Board whose members are also elected to four year terms. Duties of the board include adopting the annual budget, serving as a board of finance and approving township contracts. In January of each year, the trustee presents to the board an annual report showing the receipts, expenditures, investments and debts of the township. The approved report is then published in local papers for public inspection.

</doc>
<doc id="9735052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735052" title="Who put Bella in the Wych Elm?">
Who put Bella in the Wych Elm?

WHO PUT BELLA IN THE WYCH ELM? (also WHO PUT BELLA IN THE WITCH ELM?) is a graffito that started appearing soon after a 1941 unsolved murder. The graffiti was last sprayed onto the side of a 200 year-old obelisk on 18 August 1999, in white paint. The obelisk known as Wychbury Obelisk is on Wychbury Hill, Hagley near Stourbridge, in Worcestershire, England.
On 18 April, 1943, four boys (Robert Hart, Thomas Willetts, Bob Farmer and Fred Payne) from Stourbridge were poaching in Hagley Woods near to Wychbury Hill when they came across a large Wych elm. (An article in "The Independent" gives the species as "wych–hazel", but that is merely an old synonym for the same kind of elm.) Hagley Wood is part of the Hagley Hall estate belonging to Lord Cobham.
Believing this a good place to hunt birds' nests, Farmer attempted to climb the tree to investigate. As he was climbing, he glanced down into the hollow trunk and discovered a skull, believing it to be that of an animal. However, after seeing human hair and teeth, he realized that he was holding a human skull. As they were on the land illegally, Farmer put the skull back and all four boys returned home without mentioning their discovery to anybody.
On returning home the youngest of the boys, Tommy Willetts, felt uneasy about what he had witnessed and decided to report the find to his parents. When police checked the trunk of the tree they found an almost complete human skeleton, a shoe, a gold wedding ring, and some fragments of clothing. After further investigation, a severed hand was found buried in the ground near to the tree.
The body was sent for forensic examination by Prof. James Webster. He quickly established that the skeleton was female and had been dead for at least 18 months, placing her time of death around October 1941. He found taffeta in her mouth, suggesting that she had died from asphyxiation. From the measurement of the trunk he also deduced that she must have been placed there "still warm" after the killing as she could not have fit once "rigor mortis" had taken hold.
Since the woman's killing was in the midst of World War II, identification was seriously hampered. Police could tell from items found with the body what the woman had looked like but with so many people being reported missing during the war, and people regularly moving, the records were too vast for a proper identification to take place. The current location of her skeleton is unknown.
In 1944 the first graffiti message related to the mystery appeared on a wall in Upper Dean Street, Birmingham, reading "Who put Bella down the Wych Elm - Hagley Wood".

</doc>
<doc id="9735078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735078" title="Vandenbergh effect">
Vandenbergh effect

The Vandenbergh effect is a phenomenon reported by J.G. Vandenbergh "et al." in 1975, in which an early induction of the first estrous cycle in prepubertal female mice occurs as a result of exposure to the pheromone-laden urine of a sexually mature (dominant) male mouse.
Physiologically, the exposure to male urine induces the release of GnRH, which provokes the first estrus. The Vandenbergh effect has also been seen with exposure to adult female mice. When an immature female mouse is exposed to the urine of mature female mouse, estrus is delayed in the prepubertal female. In this situation, GnRH is inhibited and therefore delays puberty in the juvenile female mouse.
The Vandenbergh effect is caused by pheromones found in a male’s urine. The male does not have to be present for this effect to take place; the urine alone is sufficient. These pheromones are detected by the vomeronasal organ in the septum of the female’s nose. This occurs because the female body will only take the step to begin puberty if there are available mates around. She will not waste energy on puberty if there is no possibility of finding a mate.
In addition to GnRH, exogenous estradiol has recently implicated as having a role in the Vandenbergh effect. Utilizing tritium-labeled estradiol implanted in male mice, researchers have been able to trace the pathways the estradiol takes once transmitted to a female. The estradiol was found in a multitude of regions within the females and appeared to enter her circulation nasally and through the skin. Their findings suggested that some aspects of the Vandenbergh effect as well as the Bruce effect may be related to exogenous estradiol from males.
Additional studies have looked into the validity of estradiol’s role in the Vandenberg effect by means of exogenous estradiol placed in castrated rats. Castrated males were injected with either a control (oil) or estradiol in the oil vehicle. As expected, urinary androgens in the castrated males were below normal levels. Additionally, castration by itself rid the males of the capacity to induce growth of the uterus in prepubescent females or to disrupt implantation of the blastocyst in females that had previously been inseminated. However, when resupplied with estradiol, the castrated males regained the ability to induce uterine growth or halt blastocyst implantation. These studies further support estradiol’s role in mediating the Vandenbergh effect (as well as the Bruce effect).

</doc>
<doc id="9735084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735084" title="I've Been Waiting for You (ABBA song)">
I've Been Waiting for You (ABBA song)

"I've Been Waiting for You" was a song recorded in 1974 by Swedish pop group ABBA, released first as the B-side to the single "So Long". It was included on their album "ABBA" (released April 1975).
It was, however, released as an A-side in Australia in 1974, where it reached number 49, and in New Zealand in 1977, where it reached number 8.

</doc>
<doc id="9735125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735125" title="OMB Circular A-126">
OMB Circular A-126

OMB Circular A-126, revised May 22, 1992, is a Government circular that introduces standards and policies regarding the management and use of United States Government aircraft, specifically the acquisition, management, usage, cost accounting, and disposal of. Originally issued in 1921 as the Budget and Accounting Act, it was revised in 1950 as the Budget and Accounting Procedures Act; again in 1970 as Reorganization Plan No. 2; as Executive Order 11541 and U.S.C. 1344.
All policies presented by this circular apply to Executive Agencies, with special policy covering the travel by senior officials or non-Federal travelers on government aircraft that is government-owned, leased, chartered or rented and any related services that apply. The only exceptions are aircraft that is in use by or in support of the President or Vice President of the United States
Definition of "Senior Officials".
In this circular, the term 'Senior Official' is defined by anyone employed by an Executive or independent agency at a payrate of Level I of the Executive Schedule or employed in the Executive Office of the President at a payrate of Level II of the Executive Schedule. 
Simply, anyone who meets the criteria as being employed and paid that or greater of 
the basic pay equivalent to a member of the Senior Executive Service.
Exempted from this definition are active duty military officers.
Use and travel on government aircraft.
"Note: The sections below are intended only as a summary of government aircraft use policy. For specific concerns or questions about official government flight policy, please see the official circular at the Office of Management and Budget"
As stated in the circular, agencies are only allowed to operate government aircraft for "official purposes", which is defined as including mission requirements and other official travel.
There are outlined specifics that define "official travel" that must meet these specific criteria:
Cost and reimbursement.
The following conditions are not eligible for reimbursement from the government and must be recouped by the employee:
Approval and documentation for government travel.
Typically only an agency head or officials that are designated by the agency head may approve the use of agency aircraft, but government aircraft may also be used when it is also designated to transport senior Federal officials, members of their families or other non-Federal travelers on a "space available" basis but only when a written certification is presented by the agency. This certification must show that the mission activity is bona fide and that the minimum mission requirements are not surpassed. In emergency situations, this certification may be produced after-the-fact.
At a minimum, those individuals appointed by the agency head must be one organizational level above the person(s) traveling. If this is not possible, then another appropriate approval is required.
Travel requests must also be approved in advance and in writing. This approval must be done on a trip-by-trip basis from the agency's senior legal official or their principal deputy. There are two exceptions:
All use of government aircraft by agencies must be reported semi-annually to the GSA. These reports must be formatted within GSA standards and must list the following during a six-month period:
In addition to the GSA, these reports must also be submitted semi-annually to the OMB in the same format. The exception to this rule are any classified trips, which then must be maintained by the agency and available for review under authorization.
For all uses of federal aircraft, the following documentation must be retained for a minimum of two years:
Eligibility.
Status as a federal employee does not automatically result in authorization for use of government aircraft. There are three categories of people who require advance authorization in writing:
All authorizations must conform to the same policies as authorized agency travel.
Audit responsibility.
All agency officials with the statutory authority to procure aircraft must ensure that their policies and procedures comply with the requirements of OMB Circular A-76, and that those programs comply with the internal control requirements of OMB Circular A-123. Any material weaknesses must be reported to the President and the United States Congress.
The development of policies and procedures must be done in cooperation with the GSA. If the agency does not have systems that conform to these policies, a period of one year from the date of issuance of GSA standards is given to implement those systems.
Accounting.
Those systems which are implemented that conform to GSA standards must permit justification of use of government aircraft services and the determination of usage over commercial or alternative government aircraft; recovery of operation costs of the aircraft; the cost-effectiveness of their aircraft program; and cost-comparison to justify in-house operation of government aircraft in accordance with OMB Circular A-76.
In the media.
Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, air transportation security has become a major issue for all aspects of American culture, including government transportation. Because of concerns for safety of elected government officials, the Speaker of the House—second in line behind the vice president in order of succession—has been granted use of military planes for secure travel services.
In February 2007, a controversy arose regarding the capability of aircraft for travel requested by newly elected House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. The previous speaker, Rep. Dennis Hastert of Illinois, flew in a C-20 which is a modified version of a Gulfstream III. Pelosi requested an upgrade from this plane, which is incapable of flying non-stop the required 2,800+ miles to Pelosi's home district of San Francisco, California.
There was some question as to whether or not Pelosi's friends and associates would be allowed to travel with her, and that further consultation with the Air Force, and Department of Defense would be required.

</doc>
<doc id="9735126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735126" title="Wild Arms albums">
Wild Arms albums

Albums for the video game "Wild Arms" contain music from the original title of the "Wild Arms" series developed by Japanese software company Media.Vision. Two separate albums, one released alongside the 1996 PlayStation game, and the other ten years later, contain the original background music from the game, while a single drama album contains a spoken-word interpretation of events in the game. All music featured on each album was composed by Michiko Naruke and carries a contemporary American Western feel intermixed with electronic instrumentation. As each album was only released commercially in Japan, track names contain original Japanese character names and spelling.
Wild Arms Original Game Soundtrack.
The Wild Arms Original Game Soundtrack is a music soundtrack for the video game "Wild Arms", and was released one month after the PlayStation title on January 22, 1997. The album was marketed and sold exclusively in Japan, and was issued a re-print two years later in October 1999. While the original release was published under the now-defunct Antinos Records label, the re-issue was sold under Sony Pictures Entertainment Visual Works, later known as Aniplex.
Album information.
All tracks were composed by Michiko Naruke, who would be responsible for the majority of the "Wild Arms" series' soundtracks in the coming years. The music of "Wild Arms" is highly reminiscent of classic American Westerns and related films, which coincides with the game's setting in a fantasy world made to resemble the American Old West. While the tracks contains a number of synthesized instruments, recurring sounds include mandolins, acoustic and electric guitars, woodwind instruments, trumpets, and whistling alongside a score composed in a classical style. Arrangement for each track was handled by Kazuhiko Toyama.
The soundtrack contains a total of 36 tracks, representing less than half of all the total background music in the game. All tracks are contained on a single disc, with the order and arrangement of the pieces being different than their presentation in actual game-play. Among the songs present are the original Japanese ending theme "Swearing to the Blue Sky" performed by Machiko Watanabe that was not used for the North American or PAL region releases of "Wild Arms", and "Clash and a Promise", which features a choral accompaniment by students of Tokyo's Keio University sung in Latin.
Wild Arms Complete Tracks.
Wild Arms Complete Tracks is a VGM soundtrack for "Wild Arms" featuring music from the PlayStation title in its original format released in Japan in April 2006. Unlike the previously released "Wild Arms Original Game Soundtrack", which only contained a limited number of pieces from the game, "Complete Tracks" features 79 pieces of background music across two discs, including all selections from the original album. The album was distributed by King Records, a subsidiary of literary and manga company Kodansha Limited.
Album Information.
All tracks were composed by Michiko Naruke, and lend themselves to the American West thematic present throughout the game. Like the "Wild Arms Original Game Soundtrack", it contains a number of tracks representing a wide variety of synth instruments, with accompanying vocals on select tracks. Though the album houses all the music from its predecessor, it contains an additional 43 tracks of previously unreleased tracks.
An additional production credit was given to Takeo Miratsu, who served as an arranger for certain tracks, while Michiko Naruke and Kazuhiko Toyama retained their roles as arrangers and primary album supervisors. The track "Holy Mother of Darkness" contains addition choral music from Keio University's chorus, originally recorded in 1996 and released with the "Wild Arms" video game in Japan.
Track listing.
Disc 1 – 54:59
Disc 2 – 64:16
Wild Arms Drama vol. 1.
Wild Arms Drama vol. 1 (later released as simply Wild Arms Drama CD) is a spoken-word drama album containing voice actors performing scenes from the video game "Wild Arms". The acting is accompanied by background music from the game's soundtrack composed by Michiko Naruke, who also served as the album's producer. Originally released one year after the "Original Game Soundtrack" in 1998, "Wild Arms Drama" was later re-issued in June 2002, both times under the Movic record label.
Album information.
"Wild Arms Drama" serves as an interpretation of various scenes from the original game, which itself featured only written dialogue. As the album was only intended only for Japanese audiences, it is performed entirely in the Japanese language, with sound effects and background music added to increase realism. The album is divided into seven disproportionately sized chapters that take place at certain points throughout the original game, each one following events in the same order as they would appear in normal game-play, with extended and entirely new dialogue added to enhance the story. Background music featured on the album consists of unaltered tracks from the game's soundtrack, and sets the mood and location of each scene.
Originally meant to be the first part in a series of similar albums, "Wild Arms Drama vol. 1" remained the only drama CD released for the original "Wild Arms" for four years until it was re-released in 2002 with the "volume" designation removed. This album later began the trend of issuing only a single drama album for successive games of the "Wild Arms" series.

</doc>
<doc id="9735131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735131" title="Pukka">
Pukka

Pukka (Hindi , Urdu "pakkā") is a word of Hindi and Urdu origin, literally meaning "cooked, ripe" and figuratively "fully formed", "solid", "permanent", "for real" or "sure". In UK slang, it can mean "genuine" or simply "very good"; see also pukka sahib.
It may also refer to:
In business:
People:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="9735135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735135" title="Sevil Sabancı">
Sevil Sabancı

Sevil Sabancı (born January 4, 1973), a member of the Sabancı family in third generation, is a Turkish businesswoman.
Biography.
She was born on January 4, 1973, in Istanbul, Turkey as the third child of Sakıp Sabancı, the founder of Sabancı Holding, Turkey’s second biggest industrial and financial conglomerate. Sevil received a degree in Business Administration from Marmara University in Istanbul.
Following her graduation, she worked at various posts in family-owned companies, and then entered the board of directors of Sabancı Holding in 1997, serving until 2001. She is member of the board of Türkan Sabancı School for Sight Disabled, which was established by her mother, Türkan Sabancı.
Inspired by the equestrian statue in the garden of her family’s former mansion Atlı Köşk ("The Equestrian Villa") in Emirgan, Istanbul, Sevil Sabancı is a passionate jumping rider competing internationally. In 2006, she finished first at Wiesbaden Small Tour at 1.20 and won also the final competition in Leipzig, Germany. She is vice president of the Turkish Equestrian Federation.
Sevil Sabancı has a daughter, Melissa, from her first marriage with Eran Tapan.

</doc>
<doc id="9735145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735145" title="Maria De Mattias">
Maria De Mattias

Maria Matilda De Mattias, A.S.C., (February 4, 1805 – August 20, 1866) is a saint from Italy in the Roman Catholic Church and was the founder of the religious congregation of the Sisters Adorers of the Blood of Christ.
Background.
Maria was born into a period of constant political turmoil. The civil life of Vallecorsa was marred by the feuding of a number of competing factions. The small kingdoms and republics on the Italian peninsula were constantly at war with one another. 
Commerce was disrupted; in the face of economic uncertainty and lack of steady work, young men who found it easier to live by banditry joined those who were outlaws for political reasons, holed up in mountain enclaves. They lived by raiding and intimidating the peasants and villagers. Gang leaders became popular and romantic figures.
Biography.
Early years.
De Mattias was born 4 February 1805 in Vallecorsa, in the Province of Frosinone, Italy, to a religious and upper-class family which valued education. She was the second of four children of Giovanni de Mattias and Ottavia de Angelis. Because her family had property and wealth, it was not safe for Maria and her brothers to play outside—the bandits made a practice of kidnapping children for ransom. Although women during her time did not normally receive a formal education, she was able to teach herself how to read and write. In her mid-teens, she was withdrawn and focused more on her looks than religion. She was proud of her long blond hair, and spent hours before her mirror, posing and arranging her clothes. However, at the age of 16 she was inspired by a mystical vision and began to break out from her sheltered upbringing.
Religious life.
In 1822 Saint Gaspar del Bufalo, C.PP.S., founder of the Missionaries of the Precious Blood, preached a mission in her town. De Mattias decided that she would devote her life to caring for the needy and spreading the word of God. Through the preaching of Gaspar del Bufalo on devotion to the Precious Blood of Jesus, Maria De Mattias was drawn to see this mystery of Christ's life as a model for self-sacrifice. On March 4, 1834, at the age of 29, under the guidance of del Bufalo's successor, the Venerable John Merlini, C.PP.S., she founded the Congregation of the Sisters Adorers of the Blood of Christ to advance this service. She had been called by the Administrator of Anagni, Bishop Giuseppe Maria Lais, to teach the young girls—she had learned to read and write on her own.
The religious order was founded as an apostolic order, an active teaching order, rather than a monastic order. In 1855 the young order received papal approval. Maria De Mattias made a public vow of chastity, receiving a gold heart imprinted with three drops of blood. The symbol was given to her by John Merlini, CPPS, her spiritual director who later served as superior general of the Precious Blood Missionaries. A silver heart is still worn by the sisters around the globe.
Mother Matilda spent over 30 years travelling throughout Italy to help establish communities of her Sisters. This involved treks ranging from walking long distances to taking treacherous journeys on donkeys. She was so eager to proclaim the mystery of Jesus' redemptive love shown through his shedding of his Precious Blood that she would preach in towns wherever she went.
Her communities were often very poor, sometimes not even having food in their cupboards, but they were always willing to share whatever they had with the poor among whom they lived. During her lifetime, the Congregation established over 70 communities throughout Europe.
De Mattias died in Rome on August 20, 1866 and was buried in Rome’s Campo Verano Cemetery, in a tomb donated by Pope Pius IX.
Veneration.
On 28 June 1896, the required waiting period after De Mattias's death at that time, the process for her canonization was begun at the request of Mother Caterina Pavoni, A.S.C., her successor as Superior General of the Congregation then.
She was beatified October 1, 1950 by Pope Pius XII, at which time her remains were transferred to the Chapel of the Precious Blood at the Congregation's General Motherhouse in Rome. She was canonized on May 18, 2003 by Pope John Paul II, with her feast day set as 20 August, the anniversary of her death.
Legacy.
Today the almost 2,000 Sisters of the Congregation continue the work of their foundress around the world. In addition to Italy, communities are also established in Bolivia, Brazil, China, Guatemala, Liberia, South Korea the United States, and Vietnam. In October 1992, five Sisters Adorers from the United States were murdered during a civil war then raging in Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="9735166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735166" title="Andechs">
Andechs

Andechs is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Bavaria in Germany. It is renowned in Germany and beyond for Andechs Abbey, a Benedictine monastery that has brewed beer since 1455. The monastery brewery offers tours to visitors.
The 20th-century German composer Carl Orff is buried in the chapel of Andechs Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="9735170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735170" title="Liederkreis">
Liederkreis

Liederkreis means song cycle in German, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9735174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735174" title="Polyany">
Polyany

Polyany may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9735188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735188" title="COPASIR">
COPASIR

Comitato Parlamentare di Controllo per i Servizi di Informazione e Sicurezza e per il Segreto di Stato (Parliamentary Committee for the Intelligence and Security Services and for State Secret Control), is a body of the Italian Parliament deputed to survey and oversee the activities of the Italian intelligence agencies.
History.
Since the end of World War II, Italian intelligence agencies have been reorganized many times in an attempt to increase their effectiveness and bring them more fully under civilian control.
The committee was established as part of a broader reform of the Italian intelligence community, which represented the latest in a long string of government attempts to effectively manage Italy's intelligence agencies.
Mission.
Following the reform of the Italian intelligence agencies approved on 1 August 2007, COPACO has the power to:
COPACO is constituted by four Senators and four Deputies, designated proportionally by the Presidents of the two Chambers (the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate of the Republic).
The Committee is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="9735197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735197" title="George Zuckerman">
George Zuckerman

George Zuckerman (August 10, 1916 – September 30, 1996) was an American screenwriter and novelist.
Zuckerman began his career writing short stories for "Cosmopolitan", "Collier's Weekly", and "Esquire" in the 1940s. He wrote the stories for the 1947 films "The Fortress" and "Whispering City" before completing his first screenplay, "Trapped", in 1949. Additional credits include "Border Incident" (1949), B-movies like "Spy Hunt" (1950), "Taza, Son of Cochise" (1954), and "The Square Jungle", and his best known works, "Written on the Wind" (1956) and "The Tarnished Angels" (1958), both collaborations with director Douglas Sirk. 
Zuckerman's published novels include "The Last Flapper" (1969), loosely based on the life of Zelda Fitzgerald and "The Potato Peelers" (1974).
Zuckerman died in Santa Monica, California one month after his 80th birthday. 

</doc>
<doc id="9735206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735206" title="Karelin">
Karelin

Karelin (), or Karelina (Карелина; feminine), is a Russian last name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9735230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735230" title="Marie Duval">
Marie Duval

Isabelle Émilie de Tessier (Paris, 1847 -1890) who worked under the pseudonym Marie Duval, was a French cartoonist, known as co-creator of the seminal cartoon character "Ally Sloper".
Biography.
As co-creator of "Ally Sloper" with her husband Charles Henry Ross, Tessier was one of the first female cartoonists in Europe, and one of four female contributors to the British satirical magazine "Fun" edited by Ross. In addition to the Ally Sloper comic strips, Duval produced numerous spot illustrations, cartoons and full page comic strips for the magazine during the mid-nineteenth century. When the Ally Sloper character was given his own magazine, Duval's comic strips were reprinted without her signature.
Duval was also an actress in the English theatre and the author of "Queens and Kings and Other Things" (1874), a collection of illustrated nonsense verse published under the pseudonym of Princess Hesse Schwartzbourg.
References.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="9735254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735254" title="The Visitors (song)">
The Visitors (song)

"The Visitors", originally "Den första" (meaning "The First"), was the final single release from Swedish pop group ABBA's studio album of the same name, released in the United States in 1982. The lead vocal was sung by Anni-Frid Lyngstad and its mix of psychedelic, Indian-flavoured verse melody and 1980s synth rock in the chorus, was an unusual and intriguing step for ABBA.
Meaning.
The official stated theme is a protest against the mistreatment of political dissidents in the Soviet Union at the time, as ABBA seemed to input political issues into their lyrics in the final days of the group.
In 1982, the album "The Visitors" was banned in the Soviet Union, possibly due to the band allowing a video of "When All Is Said and Done" to be shown in the United States Information Agency television special, "Let Poland Be Poland" along with a spoken message from Ulvaeus and Andersson, However, ABBA's segment was not included in the broadcast, the official reason given being time restraints. However, it is likely that the segment was omitted because Ulvaeus and Andersson exemplified, in addition to Poland, US-supported dictatorships Chile and El Salvador as countries where citizens' human rights are routinely violated.
Reception.
"The Visitors" was released as the album's second (and final) single in the US instead of "Head Over Heels," which remained as the b-side.
The single peaked just outside of the Top 60 at No. 63 on the singles chart in the U.S., and a double A-sided "The Visitors" / "When All Is Said and Done" 12" single reached No. 8 on the "Billboard" dance chart. The song was also remixed by Disconet into an almost eight minute version attaining additional club play. AllMusic reviewer Bruce Eder describes the song as "a topical song about Soviet dissidents that also manages to be very catchy." The song did not have any success in any other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9735302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735302" title="Charlie Major">
Charlie Major

Charlie Major (born December 31, 1954) is a Canadian country music artist. He has recorded seven studio albums and released more than twenty singles.
Musical career.
Born in Aylmer, Quebec, Charlie Major knew he wanted to be a musician since he was 19 years old. He was blinded in one eye as a result of a pellet gun accident when he was 12. He spent 15 years traveling as far as Spain writing songs and putting country bands together, which eventually led to a record deal with Arista Records. Major released his debut album in Canada, "The Other Side", in 1993. All six singles released from the album went to No. 1 on the RPM Country chart.
Through the 1990s, he won the Juno Award as Country Male Vocalist of the Year for two years in a row (Juno Awards in 1994 and 1995). Five major Canadian Country Music Awards followed, along with songwriting honours from SOCAN, and a BMI Award in 1993 for "Backroads", recorded by Ricky Van Shelton in 1991 on his "Backroads" album, as the “Most Performed Song in America.” In 2006 he made an appearance on the television show "Holmes on Homes."
Personal life.
Charlie Major is married and is the father of three sons. He divides his time between homes in Ottawa, Ontario; and in Nashville, Tennessee, where he first moved in 1994. Today Major spends the majority of his time in his native Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9735316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735316" title="T. Ramachandran">
T. Ramachandran

T. Ramachandran, (25 October 1944 - 26 July 2000), better known as T.R., his initials under which he wrote fiction, is considered a harbinger of high modernism in Malayalam. He was born in Thrippunithura and his parents were Mannur Madhathil Raman Nambiar and Kochu Madhathil Savithri Brahmani Amma. T.R. had his school education in Edappally, Kodungallur and Thrippunithura. He graduated in zoology from St. Albert's College, Kochi (old spelling: Cochin), but, did his masters in English Literature from Sacred Heart College, also in Kochi. He joined the State Bank of India as an officer; but, later, he gave up the bank job for a career in teaching English Literature.
T.R. started writing short-fiction from 1969. "Korunnyotathu Komutti", "Naam Naalayute NanakkEdu" and "Jassakkine Kollaruthu" are his well-known works of fiction. T.R. also interviewed Günter Grass when he visited Kochi in 1975. His book "Chitrakalayum Cherrukathayum" is study on the art of writing and painting. His death came suddely in Kochi, when he was having his morning walk. D.C. Books, Kottayam posthumously brought out his complete works of fiction in one volume.

</doc>
<doc id="9735324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735324" title="Adam Best">
Adam Best

Adam Best (born 1983 in Donaghadee, County Down, Northern Ireland) is an Northern Irish actor who trained at the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama for 3 years. He attended Donaghadee Primary School and Bangor Grammar School and gained experience with the Ulster Youth Theatre and Drama School. Adam is second cousin of English adventurer, writer and television presenter Bear Grylls, both were first introduced to the screen as island mates on hit BBC'S reality show Castaway 2000.
He is probably most famous for his role as Matt Parker on the BBC One drama "Holby City". He has also appeared in episodes of Silent Witness, "The Bill" and "Waking the Dead" as well as "The Catherine Tate Show" 2007 Christmas Special. In 2011, Best took part in an advertisement for Meteor. 
Best was in the play Truckstop with the Company of Angels touring and at the Hampstead Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="9735335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735335" title="Siege of Eger (1552)">
Siege of Eger (1552)

The Siege of Eger occurred during the 16th century Ottoman Wars in Europe. In 1552 the forces of the Ottoman Empire led by Kara Ahmed Pasha laid siege on the Castle of Eger, located in the northern part of the Kingdom of Hungary, but the defenders led by István Dobó repelled the attacks and defended the castle. Later, the siege has become an emblem of national defense and patriotic heroism in Hungary.
Background.
The Ottoman Sultan, Suleiman the Magnificent, commenced his expansion of the empire in 1520 after the reign of Selim I. He began assaults against Hungarian and Austrian influenced territories, invading Hungarian soil in 1526. The Hungarian Army was crushed at the Battle of Mohács and the way was paved for an attack on the Danube Basin. The battle also brought about the death of the King of Hungary and Bohemia, Louis II, leading to a disputed claim for the throne. The Austrian Emperor Ferdinand I succeeded to the Bohemian throne but was challenged to the Hungarian throne by the pretender John Zápolya whose claim was backed by nobles and the Sultan. The power struggle continued beyond John's death in 1540 when his son, John II Sigismund Zápolya succeeded to the throne. It was not resolved until he renounced the throne in 1570 when he was succeeded by Maximilian I. 
The Ottomans met resistance during the Siege of Güns (Kőszeg) in 1532, where a force of 800 men under Miklós Jurisich managed to hold back the Ottoman armies. However, this only delayed their campaign by 25 days, and they continued to close in on Buda, finally occupying the capital in 1541. Buda became the seat of Ottoman rule in the area, with the Ottoman supported John II governing the occupied territories.
The loss of Christian forts at Temesvár and Szolnok in 1552 were blamed on mercenary soldiers within the Hungarian ranks. When the Turks turned their attention to the northern Hungarian town of Eger in the same year few expected the defenders to put up much resistance, particularly as the two great armies of the Ottoman lords Ahmed and Ali, which had crushed all opposition previously, united before Eger.
Eger was an important stronghold and key to the defense of the remainder of Hungarian soil. North of Eger lay the poorly reinforced city of Kassa (present day Košice), the centre of an important region of mines and associated mints, which provided the Hungarian Kingdom with large amounts of quality silver and gold coinage. Besides allowing a take-over of that revenue source, the fall of Eger would also enable the Ottoman Empire to secure an alternative logistic and troop route for further west-ward military expansion, possibly allowing the Turks to lay sieges on Vienna more frequently.
Castle.
The Castle of Eger is located east of the town on a hillside. Its actual location was not ideal from a military point of view - the castle overlooks only the southern and western parts of the walled town - however, it had the advantage over the Ottoman forces as it provided excellent locations for gun positions. The castle comprised an inner and outer fortress with a gate tower to the southeast and 6 bastions on the walls - the Earth Bastion and Prison Bastion to the northwest, Sándor Bastion on the north wall, Bolyky Bastion on the northeast corner, Bebek Bastion on the eastern corner of the outer fortress and the Dobó Bastion on the western wall. The Varkoch gate sat on the southern wall of the inner fortress while a further bastion, Church Bastion, lay at the centre of the wall separating the two parts of the fortress.
The fortress of Eger was built on the ruins of an earlier stone fort, which replaced an ancient earthen encampment, possibly erected by the Huns. This made Eger's foundations stronger than usual and greatly hindered the work of Ottoman miners. As was usual during sieges at that time, both the attackers and the defenders tried to dig tunnels under the walls and plant gunpowder charges to either open gaps into the fortress or destroy the attacker's trenches. None of these attempts were successful during the siege of Eger.
Siege.
The old Hungarian data and Gárdonyi's value of the size of the Ottoman Army (150-200,000 men) are romantic exaggeration. In reality the Ottoman army numbered 35-40,000 men from the Rumelian army (and an Anatolian contingent) and the troops of Ahmed Pasha from Buda.
The Ottomans had 16 zarbuzans (very large siege cannons) as well as 150 medium and smaller pieces of artillery and a fleet of two thousand camels, which proved to be highly useful in the collection and transportation of wood to the site used for the construction of temporary siege platforms. The defenders had 6 large and about a dozen smaller cannons and about 300 trench guns with ample supplies of ammunition.
Despite the difference in troop numbers, Eger's strong walls and the high morale of its defenders allowed the fortress to withstand five major assaults and continuous cannon fire (excluding the ones stuck in the walls of the stronghold, almost 12,000 cannonballs landed inside the fortress before the siege ended).
The fortress was defended by 2,100-2,300 people, a mixture of professional soldiers, insurgent peasants and a few dozen women. Among the approximately 1,530 combat-ready personnel there were only a handful of foreign mercenaries: Dobó had hired six cannonmasters from Germany in order to make the most efficient use of Eger's artillery. The defenders were commanded by István Dobó and his deputy István Mekcsey, who had assumed command in 1549. Another noted officer, famous in Hungarian literature and folklore, was Gergely Bornemissza. He commanded a detachment of 250 Hungarian infantry, however it was his skill with explosives that was to make this young officer's name. During the siege Bornemissza devised primitive but lethal grenades and powder keg sized bombs to use against the attackers as well as a water-mill wheel packed with gunpowder which he rolled into the Ottoman ranks. His secret lay in the gunpowder not simply exploding but sparking even more fire. He loaded these weapons with oil, sulfur and flint in order to shower the enemy with burning missiles.
The Ottomans had expected an easy victory, but the bravery of the castle's defenders, as well as Dobó's inspired leadership, resisted and repulsed repeated Ottoman assaults. Even after the storage tower containing 24 metric tons of black gunpowder exploded and caused extensive structural damage, the invaders still could not find a way into the castle compound. After 39 days of bloody, brutal and intense fighting the Ottoman Army withdrew, beaten and humiliated. The defenders' losses amounted to about one third of their ranks, including those killed and permanently maimed in combat. Dobó lost both of his squires.
According to modern historical research, several external factors contributed the defenders' success. There was significant in-fighting between the two Ottoman leaders, Pasha Ali and Pasha Ahmed. Ahmed was the senior and contributed twice as many troops to the united army, but Ali showed more strategic talent and proved his skill in artillery, heavily damaging the castle walls with his battery of just four large siege guns. During the siege, the Ottoman army ran out of gunpowder and cannonballs (which were carved out of marble) at least twice, limiting Ahmed's use of heavy artillery for a week or more. The end of autumn arrived earlier than usual with heavy rain and freezing nighttime temperatures. Reduced rice rations and allegations of corruption among the officers caused discontent among the Ottoman troops.
Despite the failure at Eger, the Ottomans had no reason to lament the campaign of 1552, for they had taken Veszprem, Timișoara, Szolnok and Lipova as well as some twenty-five Hungarian strongholds.
After the victory Dobó and his officers resigned, in order to protest King Ferdinand's refusal to contribute any material help to the defense. Gergely Bornemissza was appointed to take over command of the fortress. He was later ambushed, captured and hanged by the Ottomans. The fortress of Eger remained defiant of Ottoman attacks until 1596 when 7,000 defenders, mostly foreign mercenaries, capitulated to the Ottoman forces personally commanded by the Sultan, Mehmed III. The town remained in Ottoman hands for 91 years.
Eger has become an emblem of national defense, a symbol of patriotic heroism, and the superiority of a national army over an unmotivated foreign mercenary force.
In art and literature.
Earliest records of the siege were recorded by the chronicler Sebestyén Tinódi Lantos in 1554 who wrote musical verses of the exploits of the people of Eger.
It was not until the 19th century that the siege was seized upon by Hungarian writers as the basis of fictional accounts. The first was the poem "Eger" by Mihály Vörösmarty in 1827.
The most famous account was by author Géza Gárdonyi who wrote his popular 1899 historical novel "Egri csillagok" about the events of this period. It chronicles the events leading up to and including the siege and tells the tale of Gergely Bornemissza, as well as Captain Dobó, and his co-commander István Mekcsey. During the 1960s the novel was adapted into a feature-length film, which is still regularly shown on Hungarian television.
Bertalan Székely's painting "Az Egri Nők" (Women of Eger) depicts the defense of the fortress, especially by the womenfolk, and hangs in the National Art Gallery in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="9735359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735359" title="Sommerbergbahn">
Sommerbergbahn

The Sommerbergbahn is a funicular railway in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It runs from Bad Wildbad to the top of the Wildbader Sommerberg, which gives good views over the town, with one intermediate stop.
The "Sommerbergbahn" opened in 1908 and was modernised in 1928 and again in 1968. In 2004 extensive work was undertaken to bring it into line with modern safety requirements. The line was closed in late 2010 for major upgrade works, with one of the cars being lifted from the line in February 2011. The line is due to open again in late Summer 2011.
The "Sommerbergbahn" has the following technical parameters:
Since 2002, the lower station of the "Sommerbegbahn" has been served by a stop on the tramway extension of line S6 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn, which connects Bad Wildbad to Pforzheim via the "Enztalbahn".

</doc>
<doc id="9735383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735383" title="Victoria Rosebuds">
Victoria Rosebuds

The Victoria Rosebuds were a minor league baseball team in the Double-A Texas League located in Victoria, Texas, between 1958 and May 27, 1961, when the club was transferred to Ardmore, Oklahoma, because of attendance woes. Club owner Tom O'Connor, Jr., a local rancher, suffered a heart attack in 1961, and without his continued support, the team was unable to remain in Victoria. Two weeks later, on June 10, 
1961, Victoria received another club struggling at the gate, the Rio Grande Valley Giants, who transferred from Harlingen, Texas. The Rosebuds had originally moved to Victoria from Shreveport, Louisiana. after the 1957 season.
Both the Ardmore Rosebuds (who drew a total of almost 49,000 fans for the season) and Victoria Giants (a total of 43,000) disappeared from the TL map in 1962, succeeded by the Albuquerque Dukes and El Paso Sun Kings.
Several other minor league teams also called themselves the Victoria Rosebuds, indluding teams in the Southwest Texas League in 1910-11, the Gulf Coast League in 1926, (not to be confused with the present-day GCL in Florida), the Big State League in 1956-7, and the Lone Star League in 1977. 
However, the Rosebuds/Giants' four years in the Texas League during the 1958-61 period (along with a return to the Texas loop in 1974 for one season as the "Victoria Toros") represented the highest level of minor league team to represent the city. Victoria has always been by far the smallest market base in its respective leagues. The Texas League Rosebuds competed in a league against Houston and Dallas, with less than 20,000 inhabitants in Victoria. In 1910, the city supported the Rosebuds with a population of less than 5,000. 
The Rosebuds' most successful season was in 1959, when they won the TL's regular-season championship before falling in the playoffs to the San Antonio Missions. The '59 Buds were managed by "Pistol Pete" Reiser, the former star Dodger centerfielder, who won the 1959 "Sporting News" Minor League Manager of the Year Award for his efforts. Outfielder Carl Warwick, a future major leaguer, was the league Most Valuable Player, while Carroll Beringer, later a long-time MLB coach, was the TL's top pitcher.
A number of major league stars advanced from the Rosebuds, including Frank Howard and Tommy Davis
In , Victoria was represented in the Class A Lone Star League by a team nicknamed the Rosebuds. Although the team finished under .500, at 38–42, the Rosebuds compiled the best overall record in the Lone Star's North Division and draw 14,000 fans. The league lasted only that one campaign before disbanding.
The Rosebuds played their games in Riverside Stadium, which was built in 1946. Riverside Stadium is still in use by the Victoria Generals in the Texas Collegiate League and by the University of Houston–Victoria Jaguars.
Affiliations.
The Rosebuds of 1958–1961 were affiliated with the following major league teams:

</doc>
<doc id="9735398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735398" title="Matchpoint (game show)">
Matchpoint (game show)

Matchpoint was a daytime game show based on tennis and aired on BBC1 for one series in 1990, the programme was hosted by Angela Rippon.
On each edition, two teams of two contestants compete for a place in the quarterfinals by answering questions. For each correct answer they would score the points as in a tennis match e.g. 15,30,40,Game. Each programme was played by the best of 3 'Sets' and the team who won 2 sets won the show and moved onto the quarterfinals while the losing team went away with a bottle of champagne and a punnet of strawberries.
The prize for the winning team at the end was a trip to that year's Wimbledon event.

</doc>
<doc id="9735403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735403" title="Kremlin Senate">
Kremlin Senate

The Kremlin Senate () is a building within the grounds of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia. Initially constructed from 1776 to 1787, it originally housed the Moscow branch of the Governing Senate, the highest judiciary and legislative office of Imperial Russia. Currently, it houses the Russian presidential administration and is a highly secured and restricted area closed to the public. At present, only the southern corner façade, opposite the Tsar Cannon can be viewed.
Building.
The Kremlin Senate is located in the northern part of the Kremlin grounds, between the Kremlin Arsenal and Kremlin Presidium. It is shaped like an isosceles triangle with each side approximately in length, and with one side directly adjacent to the Kremlin Wall parallel to Red Square. The building has three floors and is painted in the same yellow color as many other administrative buildings within the Moscow Kremlin.
The triangular structure has an inner courtyard, and is divided by hallways into a central pentahedral portion and two side trihedral portions. In the middle of the main façade is an arched passage fashioned like a triumphal arch leading to the inner yard. Inside is Rotunda Hall (diameter , internal height), once called "The Pantheon of Russia". Its green dome, carrying the state flag as seen from the Red Square, would later become a Soviet propaganda icon. However, originally it carried a statue of St. George, then a statue of Justice (destroyed by French troops in 1812). The exterior styling of the building is an unusual mix of Doric and Ionic order columns. 
Inside the building, the large “Catherine Hall” is designed as a parade room, where especially important ceremonies are held. This is a circular hall, with a 24.7 meter diameter under extensive bas-relief ornamentation depicting Catherine as the Greek goddess Minerva.
History.
The Governing Senate was an institution created by Tsar Peter the Great in 1711. It had six departments, four of which were in St Petersburg and two of which were in Moscow. Empress Catherine the Great had been a frequent guest in Moscow at the time when the city, neglected by past monarchs, did not have enough state offices. She ordered the construction of a building to house the Moscow branches of the Governing Senate, namely the national judiciary administration and the seat of elected administration for the Moscow region.
The new building was designed by Matvey Kazakov who had participated in the design of the Moscow Arsenal, and construction was started in 1776 by Karl Blank on a large triangular property in the north-east of the Moscow Kremlin, following a 1775 draft by Kazakov. The site once housed the Trubetskoy family palace and at least three churches. In 1779 Blank was demoted, and Kazakov took the lead. He envisaged Governing Senate as a “Temple of Law”, and designed the structure in a Neoclassical style characterized by symmetry and rigour. The building was completed in 1787, with interior work continuing to 1790.
Kazakov's building cost 759,000 roubles. According to Ivan Kondratiev, Catherine was so impressed by the building that she gave Kazakov her gloves, saying "I'll pay your bills later, for now - this is a token for your wife". She indeed repaid Kazakov with diamonds, promotion and a pension. The building later served as a model for several other official buildings in other Russian cities in the late 18th and 19th centuries.
Later, in line with legal reforms of Catherine's successors, the building lost its national functions and became the seat of Moscow Regional Court (Здание Московских судебных установлений) and several other state offices.
In 1905, Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich Romanov, the military governor of Moscow, was assassinated just outside the Moscow Senate by Ivan Kalyayev. This was commemorated by a memorial cross, designed by Victor Vasnetsov in 1908. In 1918, the monument was destroyed by the Bolshevik administration.
Modern history.
After the 1917 Russian Revolution and relocation of the capital to Moscow, the Kremlin Senate serviced initially as the seat of the Soviet government.
Vladimir Lenin had his study and private apartment on the third floor in 1918-1922. Later, the Senate housed Joseph Stalin's study and conference hall. Stalin maintained a small service apartment within the Kremlin Senate, although he chose not to live within the Senate building as his main residence. In 1955, Lenin's apartments were opened to public access; however, in 1994, all exhibits of this museum were relocated to Gorki Leninskiye and the Senate closed its doors to the public again. From 1946 through the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, the Council of People's Commissars was based in this building.
In 1994-1998, Senate building was converted to house the Russian presidential administration. An indiscriminate reconstruction from scratch destroyed Kazakov's interiors. Preservation advocate Alexei Komech reported from the site: "... crushed walls, ripped air ducts and piles of 200 year old bricks remind me of wandering around ruins of Berlin's Reich Chancellery in 1946". Present-day photographs also show that the builders destroyed and paved the chestnut garden that used to grace the Senate's courtyard in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9735417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735417" title="Leesburg Orioles">
Leesburg Orioles

The Leesburg Orioles were a minor league baseball team located in Leesburg, Florida. The Orioles were a member of the class D Florida State League.
Affiliations.
The Orioles were affiliated with the following major league teams:

</doc>
<doc id="9735424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735424" title="In a Big Country">
In a Big Country

"In a Big Country" is a song by rock band Big Country from their 1983 debut studio album "The Crossing" released in early summer 1983. The single reached its highest overall national position in Canada, hitting No. 3 on the "RPM" Top Singles Chart on November 26, 1983. The song reached No. 17 on the UK Singles Chart in June 1983. The song was released in the US in the fall of 1983 and peaked at No. 3 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and No. 17 on the Billboard Hot 100 in December of that year.
Music video.
The music video for the song follows the four band members as they track down an unspecified treasure, while constantly being pursued and bested by a woman who appears to be a rival treasure-hunter.
The first half of the video follows the band as they ride through lush green fields on sports three-wheelers and a motorbike while the woman watches them through binoculars. The group soon locates a black box emblazoned with the band's logo and a map. What is inside the box is never shown. The opening scenes are filmed at the then-derelict Corfe Castle railway station including the 'down' platform shelter and show the ruins of Corfe Castle in the background. The station is now part of the restored Swanage Railway.
The woman lures them to her by starting a fire in a barn, the smoke drawing the band members' attention. She (unintentionally and comically) defeats all four with a single punch. They then consult their map and head off again.
The second half of the video takes place at sea in Swanage Bay. The band head towards Swanage Pier where they don wet suits and scuba gear and set out on a motorized inflatable raft. The woman, who has followed them, overtakes them on a jet ski. The band reach their destination at sea, but have apparently no luck in locating the treasure after attempting some underwater diving (however, since nobody in the band was actually scuba certified, this meant having to stay on the surface).
The video concludes with the woman trapped on a small island surrounded by a cliff with a rescue fire burning. The band appears overhead and lead singer Stuart Adamson tosses a rope down the cliff edge. He and drummer Mark descend. Stuart and the woman embrace (perhaps revealing they knew each other and had an ongoing relationship/rivalry) while Mark discovers the black box floating amongst the seaweed in the inlet.
Interspersed throughout the video, in between the action, the band is shown in flannel shirts and blazers performing the song onstage. The video ends on this note, with Stuart dancing and the rest of the band playing. The video itself appears to have little to do with the actual lyrics and meaning of the song.
Legacy.
The band is often described as a one-hit wonder for the popularity of "In a Big Country" in the United States, though they continued to have success in Europe and were a prolific touring band famous for their live shows more than their studio albums. Frontman Stuart Adamson once remarked about the song in an interview, part of which was shown on a VH1 special celebrating "one-hit-wonders" that, "If we're known for nothing more than just that one song, I'd be pretty happy with that."
American Authors version.
"In a Big Country" was covered by American alternative rock band American Authors. The song was recorded by the band for the 2014 single "In a Big Country / You Make My Dreams Come True", with American alternative rock band The Mowgli's. The single was released by Island Def Jam on Vinyl on April 19, 2014 as a Record Store Day release. The track appeared as the A-side of the single.

</doc>
<doc id="9735431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735431" title="Belle Barth">
Belle Barth

Belle Barth (April 27, 1911 – February 14, 1971), née Annabelle Salzman, was a Jewish-American comedian who worked primarily during the 1950s and 1960s. She was known for her bawdy, irreverent humor.
Comedy career.
Annabelle Salzman, born in 1911, was the ninth child of a Manhattan merchant and, at a very early age, started performing at Borscht belt hotels and small nightclubs. Her first husband was Peter Barth, whose surname she retained when they divorced. In 1950, she moved to Miami Beach, where she married executive D. Thorne in 1954. Belle worked small clubs throughout the area, occasionally travelling to New York and Chicago to perform. In 1953, Barth was arrested and fined 25 dollars for her act; several other cases against her were thrown out of court, including one lawsuit for 1.6 million dollars, brought by two schoolteachers who claimed that Barth's act had corrupted them morally and harmed their health. In spite of these charges, Barth did not modify her act. While living in Miami Beach, she opened Belle Barth's Pub in the Coronet Hotel on 21st Street and Collins Avenue. 
During the 1960s, she performed often in New York and Las Vegas. In 1960 her talents were discovered by Stanley Borden who broke ground by signing her to his After Hours record label. Her 1960 album, "If I Embarrass You Tell Your Friends," sold over one million copies and was awarded a gold disc. In 1961, she played both the Roundtable club in New York (where she recorded her second album) and a midnight show at Carnegie Hall on November 25, 1961. In Las Vegas, she played at the Thunderbird, then Caesar's Palace in Nero's Lounge. She returned to Miami Beach to play at venues including Harry's American Showroom at the Eden Roc, the Red Room at the Saxony, the Hotel Plaza in Joe's Lounge for Lovers, and Sans Souci lounge. She was usually accompanied by Margie Sherwin on piano.
Her act and career not only influenced Bette Midler in her early career, but the risk taking and success of her "sophisticated" party albums by Stanley Borden was the basis on which all future "risque" albums of the 60's, 70's and 80's were based, from Richard Pryor to Eddie Murphy.
Recording history.
Barth released various "adult party albums", nine with original material, which were recorded live at her club gigs:
Personal life.
Barth was married five times; she and her last husband George B. Martin married twice, either side of a month-long divorce through March 1966. She had no children, but her family included many siblings, nieces and nephews.
Death.
Barth became ill in Las Vegas in May 1970, after her final performance in Miami Beach, at Joe's Lounge at the Hotel Plaza, during March 1970. She performed at the Flamingo once more in September 1970. She died at 10 p.m. on February 14, 1971, aged 59, at her Miami Beach home. 
Posthumous.
Her influence can be seen the careers of Madeline Kahn, Bette Middler, Gilda Radner and Joan Rivers. Barth's distinctive style - her grandmotherly appearance and foul mouth - was referenced by Bette Midler, who quoted her line "Shut your hole, honey, mine's makin money!" 
In 2000, “Sophie, Totie & Belle: a fictional meeting of Sophie Tucker, Totie Fields and Belle Barth,” written by Joanne Koch and Sarah Blacher Cohen, with some original music by Mark Elliott, lyrics by Mark Elliott and Joanne Koch, appeared for a limited engagement off Broadway at Theatre Four, opening March 15- April 10, 2000 featuring Joann Cunningham as Belle. The show had numerous productions before and after 2000, from 1990-2003, in Philadelphia, New Hope, PA, North Miami Beach, Boca Raton, Sarasota and New Port Ritchie, Florida featuring Joann Bradley as Belle. The April 28, 1996 New York Times review by Alvin Klein of the Forum Theatre –Queens Theatre in the Park New York and New Jersey production singled out the Belle Barth section of the show as outstanding:
“If Belle—‘Miami’s answer to Lenny Bruce’—is the star of this occasion, blame her defiantly funny, audience winning material. And blame Vicky Tripodo Belle who is having the smash hit of her career.”
Joanne Koch and Sarah Blacher Cohen, seeing the great potential in the Belle character, started to discuss a possible new show focusing only on Belle, but Sarah Cohen’s fatal illness left Joanne to develop the new show: “Belle Barth: If I Embarrass You, Tell Your Friends.” This time Koch collaborated with composer Ilya Levinson and lyricist Owen Kalt (her collaborators on a previous musical “American Klezmer”) to create a completely original score for a two-person musical devoted to Belle. “Embarrass” workshopped in 2007 with Honey West as Belle directed by Alexandra Billings at the Acorn Theatre in Michigan, then at the Chicago Writers’ Bloc at the Theatre Building Chicago, (funded by the Dramatists Guild Fund) then at the Stages 2008 Festival of New Musicals at Theatre Building Chicago, where it was picked up by Theo Ubique Theatre for a premiere November 9 –December 21, 2008 production at the No Exit in Chicago featuring Bethany Thomas as Belle directed by Fred Anzevino. 
In 2007, Barth was featured in the Off-Broadway production, "The J.A.P. Show: Jewish American Princesses of Comedy", which included live standup routines by four female Jewish comics juxtaposed with the stories of legendary performers from the 1950s and 1960s, Jean Carroll, Pearl Williams and Betty Walker, Totie Fields, and Barth herself.

</doc>
<doc id="9735433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735433" title="April 1977 Birmingham tornado">
April 1977 Birmingham tornado

The April 1977 Birmingham tornado was a powerful tornado that struck the northern suburbs of the Greater Birmingham Area in central Alabama during the afternoon of April 4, 1977.
Birmingham tornado.
Beginning just a few miles north of Birmingham near Tarrant, the tornado proceeded north through northern Jefferson County producing F5 damage in Smithfield, northeast of Ensley. The tornado, which was at times wide, was blamed for 22 deaths, more than 125 injuries, and $25 million in damage. Hundreds of homes were completely destroyed, many of which were completely swept away, despite being well-built. Some of the homes built into hillsides even had their cinder-block basement walls swept away. Many trees in the area were snapped and debarked and vehicles were thrown and destroyed. Two dump-trucks were thrown through the air near I-65 as well. Daniel Payne College suffered extensive damage, forcing it to permanently close due to the extent of the destruction. Dr. Ted Fujita followed the tornado and supercell from an airplane and while surveying damage he rated the Smithfield tornado an F5.
Other tornadoes.
In addition to this tornado, several other tornadoes were reported from the same system in the Midwest, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and North Carolina. One tornado in Floyd County, Georgia, killed one person, and another fatality was reported east of Birmingham in St. Clair County. The severe weather that day also contributed to the crash of Southern Airways Flight 242, which crashed near New Hope, Georgia, killing 70 people.
The F5 tornado touched down near the end of the path of three other violent tornadoes that struck the Birmingham region in 1956, 1998, and 2011. The 1956 tornado was an F4 that struck McDonald Chapel, killing 25. In 1998, an F5 tornado started north of Tuscaloosa before ending southwest of Tarrant after killing 32. The 2011 tornado was an EF4 that devastated Tuscaloosa before moving across northern Hueytown as well as Fultondale, killing 64 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9735455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735455" title="Jack Anderson (dance critic)">
Jack Anderson (dance critic)

Jack Anderson (born 15 June 1935) is an American poet, dance critic, and dance historian. He is well known for his numerous reviews of dance performances in the "New York Times" and "Dance Magazine" as well as for his scholarly studies in dance history and for ten volumes of poetry.
Early life and education.
Anderson was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where his father, George, was a motion picture projectionist at a downtown movie theater and his mother, Eleanor, was a hospital administrator. As a youth, Jack took piano lessons and acted in little theater groups before leaving home to go to college. At Northwestern University he earned a bachelor's degree with a major in theater and minors in English literature and philosophy, and at Indiana University he earned a master's degree in creative writing. He pursued further graduate study at the University of California at Berkeley but abandoned it after a year when he got his first job with a newspaper.
Journalism.
In 1959, Anderson joined the staff of the "Oakland Tribune", starting as a copy boy but becoming the assistant drama critic the next year. He also began writing dance criticism for the English monthly "Ballet Today" and contributing to "Dance Magazine", the leading dance periodical in America. In 1964 Anderson moved to New York and joined the editorial staff of "Dance Magazine", where he worked until 1969. After leaving his staff position he continued to contribute critical reviews of dance performances until 1978, when he became one of the three dance critics of the "New York Times", along with Anna Kisselgoff and Jennifer Dunning. He remained in this prestigious post for many years, until 2005. He has since continued his affiliation with the "Times", preparing listings and writing obituaries of notable figures in the dance world. Since 2007 Anderson has also reviewed dance for www.nytheatre-wire.com.
In 1970–71, while living in London with his partner, George Dorris, he served as the deputy dance critic to Oleg Kerensky (1930−1993) for the "Daily Mail" and occasionally appeared on the BBC radio show "Kaleidoscope", talking about dance, and in 1972 he became the New York correspondent for "The Dancing Times" of London. In acknowledgment of his expertise, he was asked to serve on the dance panel of the National Endowment for the Arts from 1975 to 1978.
Dance history.
Largely self-taught as a dance historian, at a time when there were no established programs in dance history, Anderson began writing and teaching dance history during the 1970s. In 1977 he and George Dorris became the founding co-editors of the scholarly journal "Dance Chronicle: Studies in Dance and the Related Arts". Together, they made it one of the leading periodicals of dance history, with high standards of scholarship. After many successful years, they passed it on to younger editors in 2007.
Widely recognized as an effective teacher and an entertaining lecturer, Anderson was invited to teach dance history and criticism at the American Dance Festival, the University of Adelaide (Australia), the North Carolina School of the Arts, the University of Minnesota, the College of St. Catherine (St. Paul, Minnesota), the New School for Social Research, Herbert L. Lehman College (New York City), and the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee. In 2011 he was named to the Brackett Distinguished Visiting Artist Chair at the University of Oklahoma and was invited to give the commencement address at the college division of the New World School of the Arts in Miami.
From the 1970s through the 1990s, Anderson undertook various research projects in dance history and eventually produced seven books on various subjects:
His comprehensive and detailed account of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, which flourished in the United States from 1938 until the early 1960s, won the 1981 José de la Torre Bueno Prize for the best English-language writing in dance history, and his concise history of ballet and modern dance, published in 1986, was so popular with general readers and as a textbook for students that a second edition was issued in 1992.
Poetry.
Throughout his adult life, Anderson has been drawn to poetic expression. In 1969 he published the first two of his ten books of poetry. His poems have also appeared in many literary magazines and anthologies, and one of his prose poems provided the title for the anthology "The Party Train" (Minneapolis: New Rivers Press, 1995). He has been a visiting writer at the College of DuPage in Illinois, a poet-in-residence at the University of Kansas, and reader of his poems at various colleges and cultural centers in the United States, Canada, England, and Australia.
Anderson's published collections of poems are as follows:
In recognition of the excellence of his work, Anderson received both a National Endowment for the Arts creative writing fellowship and a National Endowment literary award. He has also enjoyed the approval and recognition of fellow poets. Morton Marcus (1936–2009), for one, offered the following encomium: "Jack Anderson's prodigious imagination creates alternate realities as easily as if they were prefabricated worlds, but so close to our own are they in every wickedly funny and poignant detail that we soon realize we've not been looking out a window but at a mirror. . . . His pictures of the life we lead are satiric gems, yet so consummate an artist is he that at each thrust of his sardonic wit the reader can do nothing but laugh uproariously and demand more."
Personal life.
Jack Anderson and George Dorris, a dance scholar and retired professor of English, have been life partners for many years. Having known each other slightly at Northwestern University, they met again in 1965 on the subway platform at Lincoln Center after a New York City Ballet performance. Together, they have traveled widely and become friends with dance writers and scholars in many countries around the world. They were married in Toronto in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9735466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735466" title="Ranuccio Farnese il Vecchio">
Ranuccio Farnese il Vecchio

Ranuccio Farnese (c. 1390 – July 2, 1450) was an Italian nobleman, feudal lord and condottiero.
Born in Ischia, he is considered the founder of the fortunes of the Farnese family. In 1416 Ranuccio succeeded his father as commander-in-chief of the Republic of Siena's troops, and defeated the Orsini of Pitigliano. In 1419 Pope Martin V appointed him as Senator of Rome, and three years later he received the fiefs of Tessennano and Piansano in the Papal States.
Also serving as Captain General of the Church under Eugene IV, Ranuccio obtained new lands in rewards of the creadits accumulated towards the Apostolic Chamber. These included Montalto di Castro, Canino and numerous others in the northern Lazio.

</doc>
<doc id="9735467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735467" title="Zuénoula Department">
Zuénoula Department

Zuénoula is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is part of Marahoué Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735474" title="Sakassou">
Sakassou

Sakassou is a department of Côte d'Ivoire. It is part of Vallée du Bandama Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735482" title="Bocanda">
Bocanda

Bocanda is a town in Bocanda Department of Côte d'Ivoire. It is located in N'zi-Comoé Region. Bocanda is the seat of a regional prefecture. The town also has a small regional medical center, a mayor's office, an active marketplace, a gas station, a high school and five primary schools. The traditional residents are of the Baule tribe, however there is also a large Dioula and immigrant population. The town has a catholic church, several Protestant churches and a mosque.
References.
Personal experience from US Peace Corps volunteer stationed in Bocanda from 1999-2001

</doc>
<doc id="9735486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735486" title="Alépé">
Alépé

Alépé is a town in Alépé Department of Côte d'Ivoire (the Ivory Coast). It is part of Lagunes Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735487" title="Geroldsbach">
Geroldsbach

The Geroldsbach creek originates southern of Götzens on 1.900 m Sea Level. It is compound of 5 fan-like source waters. First it flows through the village and changes there its direction Northeast and passes through the district "New-„Götzens“." It flows further down the Wilten Mount and merges at Sieglanger in Innsbruck with the Inn River. The creek has a length of 8 kilometres whereof 3.9 lies on Innsbruck city area.
The creek provides four water reservoirs for the region „Götzens“ and two in "Wilten" with drinking water, which is strongly used for supplying the penitentiary Innsbruck and Sieglanger. As a matter of fact the lower course has less water. However, the whole course keeps Grade A quality.
At high water or heavy rain the small stream became a danger so had to be straightened sporadically near living areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9735490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735490" title="Manhattan Beach Line">
Manhattan Beach Line

The following transit lines have been known as the Manhattan Beach Line:

</doc>
<doc id="9735494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735494" title="Soubré">
Soubré

Soubré is a department of Côte d'Ivoire. It is one of four departments of Bas-Sassandra Region.
Produce one of the best quality of cocoa and coffee all the year.
Climate.
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as tropical wet and dry (Aw).

</doc>
<doc id="9735495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735495" title="Tanda Department">
Tanda Department

Tanda is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire, located in Zanzan Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735503" title="Issia Department">
Issia Department

Issia is one of the fifty-eight departments of Côte d'Ivoire, lying in Haut-Sassandra Region. Issia is also the name of a town in the department.

</doc>
<doc id="9735509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735509" title="Béoumi">
Béoumi


</doc>
<doc id="9735512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735512" title="Bongouanou">
Bongouanou


</doc>
<doc id="9735516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735516" title="Bouaflé">
Bouaflé

Bouaflé is a town in Bouaflé Department in Côte d'Ivoire's Marahoué Region. Bouaflé Town is the capital of Marahoué Region.(à Bouaflé, vécu okcù)

</doc>
<doc id="9735522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735522" title="2001 South American Under-17 Football Championship">
2001 South American Under-17 Football Championship

The South American Under 17 Football Championship of 2001 was played in Peru from 2 till 18 March 2001.
The host of the competition was the city of Arequipa
First round.
The 10 national teams were divided in 2 groups of 5 teams each. The top 2 teams qualified for the final round.
Final round.
The final round were played in the same system that first round, with the best 4 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="9735528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735528" title="Eli Wilner">
Eli Wilner

Eli Wilner (born 1956) is proprietor of Eli Wilner & Company, a New York art gallery specializing in American and European period frames from the 19th through the early 20th century. He is a leading frame dealer, collector, and restorer, as well as an acknowledged and published authority on period frames. Wilner is a graduate of Brandeis University, where he received a BA in Fine Arts in 1976, and of Hunter College, where he received his MA in 1978. He was a Bryant Fellow at the Metropolitan Museum of Art from 1995 to 1999. He has been an Art Forum member since 1993 and a member of the Director’s Circle of the Smithsonian American Art Museum since 1997. In 1998, Wilner served on the Board of Trustees for the New York Academy of Art.
Eli Wilner & Company.
In 1983, Eli Wilner founded Eli Wilner & Company, an art gallery located on New York’s Upper East Side dedicated to the display and sale of American and European frames! The gallery has been primarily responsible for the increased awareness and appreciation of American and European period frames. Committed to the education of curators, collectors, and dealers, Eli Wilner & Company has curated many important frame exhibitions and lectured extensively about the antique frame for museums and groups throughout the United States.
Eli Wilner & Company is now the world’s largest resource for antique frames, with over 3,000 frames in its collection. The company creates marriages of painting and frame consistent with style, artistic composition, and historical period. The company also operates a professional studio, employing skilled craftspeople providing full frame restoration services as well as precise frame replication.
The company has worked extensively with the White House, reframing over two-dozen American paintings from the collection. In addition, Eli Wilner & Company has worked with some of the nation’s most prominent museums, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Smithsonian American Art Museum as well as leading auction houses Sotheby's and Christie's.
Selected exhibitions.
2004 "The Art of the Frame: Gems From the Simoni Collection", PENSACOLA MUSEUM OF ART, Pensacola, FL: An exhibition of exemplary frames drawn from the collection of Justine Simoni, an unparalleled group of American frames from the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Sponsor of the 1998 exhibition in the Henry Luce Study Center, American Wing, THE METROPOLITAN MUSEUM OF ART, New York, NY: An extraordinary installation of American picture frames. The installation included examples of American frames from the early 19th Century through the early 20th Century.
Books.
"The Gilded Edge Revised Edition: The Art of the Frame" (2011)
"The Gilded Edge: The Art of the Frame" (2000)
"Antique American Frames: Identification and Price Guide" 2nd Edition (1999) (with Mervyn Kaufman)
"Antique American Frames: Identification and Price Guide" (1995) (with Mervyn Kaufman)
"The Art of the Frame: American Frames of the Arts and Crafts Period" (1988)
Selected publications.
Eli Wilner & Company has published over 100 articles on the period frame.
Smeaton, Suzanne, “American Frames of the Arts and Crafts Period 1870-1920,” "The Magazine Antiques", November 1989, pp. 1124–1137.
Smeaton, Suzanne, “Frames in Context,” "Antiques and Fine Art", January/February 1991, Vol. VIII, No 2, pp110–117.
Smeaton, Suzanne ... “Within Gilded Borders: The Frames of Stanford White,” "American Art", National Museum of American Art: Smithsonian Institution, Spring 1993.
Articles about Eli Wilner and the gallery have appeared in the New York Times, Forbes Magazine, the Wall Street Journal, Art & Antiques Magazine, and many other notable publications. Eli has been featured in three different segments of Martha Stewart Living.

</doc>
<doc id="9735532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735532" title="Tabou Department">
Tabou Department

Tabou Department is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is one of four departments in Bas-Sassandra Region. It is served by Tabou Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9735542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735542" title="Duékoué">
Duékoué

Duékoué () is a town in Duékoué Department of Moyen-Cavally Region, Côte d'Ivoire.
History.
At least 800 people were killed in Duékoué on March 29, 2011 during the fierce fighting by the frci as part of the 2010–2011 Ivorian crisis.
Climate.
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as tropical wet and dry (Aw).

</doc>
<doc id="9735546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735546" title="Mbahiakro">
Mbahiakro

Mbahiakro Department is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is located in N'zi-Comoé Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735556" title="Tiassalé Department">
Tiassalé Department

Tiassalé is one of the fifty-eight departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is also the name of a principal town in the department. Tiassalé Department is part of Lagunes Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735562" title="Toulépleu Department">
Toulépleu Department

Toulépleu is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is located in Moyen-Cavally Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735568" title="Lakota Department">
Lakota Department

Lakota is a department of Côte d'Ivoire. Lakota is also the name of a town in the department. Lakota Department and Lakota Town lie in Sud-Bandama Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9735577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735577" title="Mankono">
Mankono

Mankono Department is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is located in Worodougou Region.

</doc>
