<doc id="9804204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804204" title="Kingdom of Italy">
Kingdom of Italy

The Kingdom of Italy () was a state founded in 1861 when King Victor Emmanuel II of Sardinia was proclaimed King of Italy. The state was founded as a result of the unification of Italy under the influence of the Kingdom of Sardinia, which was its legal predecessor state. It existed until 1946 when the Italians opted for a republican constitution.
Italy declared war on Austria in alliance with Prussia in 1866: despite an unsuccessful campaign, it received the region of Veneto following Bismarck's victory. Italian troops entered Rome in 1870, ending more than one thousand years of Papal temporal power. Italy accepted Bismarck's proposal to enter in a Triple Alliance with Germany and Austria-Hungary in 1882, following strong disagreements with France about the respective colonial expansions. However, even if relations with Berlin became very friendly, the alliance with Vienna remained purely formal, as the Italian lands of Trentino and Trieste were still under Austro-Hungarian rule. So, in 1915, Italy accepted the British invitation to join the Allies in World War I because the western allies promised territorial compensation (at the expense of Austria-Hungary) for participation that were more generous than Vienna's offer in exchange for Italian neutrality. Victory in the war gave Italy a permanent seat in the Council of the League of Nations.
"Fascist Italy" is the era of National Fascist Party rule from 1922 to 1943 with Benito Mussolini as totalitarian leader. The fascists imposed totalitarian rule and crushed the political and intellectual opposition, while promoting economic modernization, traditional social values, and a rapprochement with the Catholic Church. "The Fascist regime passed through several relatively distinct phases," says Payne (1996). The first phase 1923–25 was nominally a continuation of the parliamentary system, albeit with a "legally organized executive dictatorship." Then came the second phase, "the construction of the Fascist dictatorship proper from 1925 to 1929." The third phase, with less activism, was 1929–34. The fourth phase, 1935–40, was characterized by an aggressive foreign policy, warfare in Ethiopia, which was launched from Italian Somaliland and Eritrea, confrontations with the League of Nations sanctions, growing economic autarchy, and semi-Nazification. The war itself (1940–43) was the fifth phase with its disasters and defeats, while the rump Salo regime under German control was the final stage (1943–45).
Italy was allied with Nazi Germany in World War II until 1943. It switched sides to the Allies after ousting Mussolini and shutting down the Fascist party in areas (south of Rome) controlled by the Allied invaders. The remnant fascist state in northern Italy that continued fighting against the Allies was a puppet state of Nazi Germany, the "Italian Social Republic", still led by Mussolini and his loyalist Fascists. Shortly after the war, civil discontent led to the Italian constitutional referendum, 1946 on whether Italy would remain a monarchy or become a republic. Italians decided to abandon the monarchy and form the Italian Republic, which is the present form of Italy today.
Territory.
The Kingdom of Italy claimed all of the territory which is modern-day Italy. The development of the Kingdom's territory progressed under Italian re-unification until 1870. The state for a long period of time did not include Trieste or Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, which are in Italy today, and only annexed them in 1919. The Triple Entente promised to grant to Italy- if the state joined the Allied Powers in World War I - several territories including former Austrian Littoral, western parts of former Duchy of Carniola, Northern Dalmatia and notably Zara (Zadar), Sebenico (Šibenik), and most of the Dalmatian islands (except Krk and Rab), according to the secret London Pact of 1915. After the compromise was nullified under pressure of President Woodrow Wilson with the Treaty of Versailles which made void Italian claims on Northern Dalmatia, During the second World War, the Kingdom gained more territory in Slovenia and more territory from Dalmatia. After the Second World War, the borders of present-day Italy were founded and the Kingdom abandoned its land claims.
The Kingdom of Italy also held colonies and protectorates, military occupations and puppet states, such as modern-day Italian Eritrea, Italian Somaliland, Libya, Ethiopia (occupied by Italy 1936-1941), Albania, British Somaliland, Greece (occupied in World War II), Croatia (Italian and German puppet state in World War II), Kosovo (occupied in World War II), and Montenegro (occupied in World War II), and a small 46 hectare section of land from China in Tianjin (see Italian concession in Tianjin).
Government.
The Kingdom of Italy was theoretically a constitutional monarchy. Executive power belonged to the monarch, as executed through appointed ministers. Two chambers of parliament restricted the monarch's power—an appointive Senate and an elective Chamber of Deputies. The kingdom's constitution was the Statuto Albertino, the former governing document of the Kingdom of Sardinia. In theory, ministers were solely responsible to the king. However, in practice, it was impossible for an Italian government to stay in office without the support of Parliament.
Members of the Chamber of Deputies were elected by plurality voting system elections in uninominal districts. A candidate needed the support of 50% of those voting, and of 25% of all enrolled voters, to be elected on the first round of balloting. If not all seats were filled on the first ballot, a runoff was held shortly afterwards for the remaining vacancies.
After a brief multinominal experimentation in 1882, proportional representation into large, regional, multi-seat electoral constituencies, was introduced after World War I. Socialists became the major party, but they were unable to form a government into a parliament split into three different factions, with Christian Populists and classical liberals. Elections took place in 1919, 1921, and 1924: in this last occasion, Mussolini abolished the PR replacing it with a block voting system on national bases, which gave to the Fascist Party the absolute majority of the Chamber seats.
Between 1925 and 1943, Italy was quasi-de-jure Fascist dictatorship, as the constitution formally remained in effect without alteration by the Fascists, though the monarchy also formally accepted Fascist policies and Fascist institutions. Changes in politics occurred, consisting of the establishment of the Grand Council of Fascism as a government body in 1928, which took control of the government system, and the Chamber of Deputies being replaced with the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations as of 1939.
Monarchs.
The monarchs of the House of Savoy who led Italy were
History.
Unification process (1848–1870).
The creation of the Kingdom of Italy was the result of concerted efforts of Italian nationalists and monarchists loyal to the House of Savoy to establish a united kingdom encompassing the entire Italian Peninsula.
After the Revolutions of 1848, the apparent leader of the Italian unification movement was Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi. He was popular amongst southern Italians and in the world was renowned for his extremely loyal followers. Garibaldi led the Italian republican drive for unification in southern Italy, but the northern Italian monarchy of the House of Savoy in the Kingdom of Sardinia, a "de facto" Piedmontese state, whose government was led by Camillo Benso, conte di Cavour, also had ambitions of establishing a united Italian state. Though the kingdom had no physical connection to Rome (seen by all as the natural capital of Italy, but still capital of the Papal States), the kingdom had successfully challenged Austria in the Second Italian War of Independence, liberating Lombardy-Venetia from Austrian rule. The kingdom also had established important alliances which helped it improve the possibility of Italian unification, such as Britain and the Second French Empire in the Crimean War. Sardinia was dependent on France being willing to protect it and in 1860, Sardinia was forced to cede territory to France to maintain relations, including Garibaldi's birthplace Nice.
Cavour moved to challenge republican unification efforts by Garibaldi by organizing popular revolts in the Papal States. He used these revolts as a pretext to invade the country, even though the invasion angered the Catholics, whom he told that the invasion was an effort to protect the Roman Catholic Church from the anti-clerical secularist nationalist republicans of Garibaldi. Only a small portion of the Papal States around Rome remained in the control of Pope Pius IX. Despite their differences, Cavour agreed to include Garibaldi's Southern Italy allowing it to join the union with Piedmont-Sardinia in 1860. Subsequently the Parliament declared the creation of the Kingdom of Italy on February 18, 1861 (officially proclaiming it on March 17, 1861) composed of both Northern Italy and Southern Italy. King Victor Emmanuel II of Piedmont-Sardinia from the House of Savoy was then declared King of Italy, though he did not renumber himself with the assumption of the new title. This title had been out of use since the abdication of Napoleon I of France on April 6, 1814.
Following the unification of most of Italy, tensions between the monarchists and republicans erupted. In April 1861, Garibaldi entered the Italian parliament and challenged Cavour's leadership of the government, accusing him of dividing Italy and spoke of the threat of civil war between the Kingdom in the north and Garibaldi's forces in the south. On June 6, 1861, the Kingdom's strongman Cavour died. During the ensuing political instability, Garibaldi and the republicans became increasingly revolutionary in tone. Garibaldi's arrest in 1862 set off worldwide controversy.
In 1866 Otto von Bismarck, Minister President of Prussia offered Victor Emmanuel II an alliance with the Kingdom of Prussia in the Austro-Prussian War. In exchange Prussia would allow Italy to annex Austrian-controlled Venice. King Emmanuel agreed to the alliance and the Third Italian War of Independence began. Italy fared poorly in the war with a badly organized military against Austria, but Prussia's victory allowed Italy to annex Venice. The one major obstacle to Italian unity remained Rome.
In 1870, Prussia went to war with France starting the Franco-Prussian War. To keep the large Prussian Army at bay, France abandoned its positions in Rome - which protected the remnants of the Papal States and Pius IX - in order to fight the Prussians. Italy benefited from Prussia's victory against France by being able to take over the Papal States from French authority. Rome was captured by the kingdom of Italy after several battles and guerilla-like warfare by Papal Zouaves and official troops of the Holy See against the Italian invaders. Italian unification was completed, and shortly afterward Italy's capital was moved to Rome. Economic conditions in the united Italy were poor. There were no industry or transportation facilities, extreme poverty (especially in the Mezzogiorno), high illiteracy, and only a small percent of wealthy Italians had the right to vote. The unification movement had largely been dependent on the support of foreign powers and remained so afterwards.
Following the capture of Rome in 1870 from French forces of Napoleon III, Papal troops, and Zouaves, relations between Italy and the Vatican remained sour for the next sixty years with the Popes declaring themselves to be prisoners in the Vatican. The Catholic Church frequently protested the actions of the secular and anticlerical-influenced Italian governments, refused to meet with envoys from the King and urged Catholics not to vote in Italian elections. It would not be until 1929, that positive relations would be restored between the Kingdom of Italy and the Vatican after the signing of the Lateran Pacts.
Culture and society.
Italian society after unification and throughout most of the Liberal Period was sharply divided along class, linguistic, regional, and social lines.
Catholic Church.
On September 20, 1870, the military forces of the King of Italy overthrew what little was left of the Papal States, capturing in particular the city of Rome. The following year, the capital was moved from Florence to Rome. For the next 59 years after 1870, the Church denied the legitimacy of the Italian king's rule of Rome, which, it claimed, rightfully belonged to the Papal states. In 1929, the dispute was settled by the Lateran Treaty, in which the king recognized Vatican City as an independent state and paid a large sum of money to compensate the Church of the loss of the Papal States.
Liberal governments generally followed a policy of limiting the role of the Catholic Church and its clergy; the state confiscated church lands. Similar policies were supported by such anticlerical and secular movements as republicanism, socialism, anarchism, Freemasonry, Lazzarettism and Protestantism.
Culture.
Common cultural traits in Italy in this time were social conservative in nature, including a strong belief in the family as an institution and patriarchal values. In other areas, Italian culture was divided. Aristocrats and upper middle class families in Italy at this time were highly traditional in nature; they emphasized honor above all, with challenges to honor ending in duels. After unification, a number of descendents of former royal nobility became residents of Italy, comprising 7400 noble families. Many wealthy landowners maintained a feudal-like tight control over "their" peasants. Italian society in this period remained highly divided along regional and local sub-societies which often had historical rivalries with each other.
In 1860 Italy lacked a single national language; Tuscan (which would be then known as Italian) was only used in Florence while outside, regional languages were dominant. Even the kingdom's first king, Victor Emmanuel II was known to speak almost entirely in Piedmontese and French, even to his cabinet ministers. Illiteracy was high, with the 1871 census indicating that 61.9 percent Italian men were illiterate and 75.7 percent of women were illiterate. This illiteracy rate was far higher than that of western European countries in the same time period. No national popular press was possible due to the multiplicity of regional dialects.
Italy had very few public schools upon unification. The Italian government in the Liberal Period attempted to reduce illiteracy by establishing state-funded schools to teach the official Italian language.
Living standards were low during the Liberal Period, especially in southern Italy due to various diseases such as malaria and epidemics that occurred during the period. As a whole, there was initially a high death rate in 1871 at 30 people dying per 1000 people, though this reduced to 24.2 per 1000 by the 1890s. In addition, the mortality rate of children dying in their first year after birth in 1871 was 22.7 percent while the number of children dying before reaching their fifth birthday was very high at 50 percent. The mortality rate of children dying in their first year after birth decreased to an average of 17.6 percent in the time period of 1891 to 1900.
Economy.
In terms of the entire period, Federico has argued that Italy was not economically backward, for there was substantial development at various times between 1860 and 1940. Unlike most modern nations that relied on large corporations, industrial growth in Italy was a product of the entrepreneurial efforts of small family-owned firms that succeeded in a local competitive environment.
Political unification did not automatically bring economic integration, for Italy faced serious economic problems and economic division along political, social, and regional lines. In the Liberal Period, Italy remained highly economically dependent on foreign trade and the international price of coal and grain.
Upon unifying, Italy had a predominantly agrarian society as 60 percent of the active population worked in agriculture. Advances in technology, the sale of vast Church estates, foreign competition along with export opportunities rapidly transformed the agricultural sector in Italy shortly after unification. However these developments did not benefit all of Italy in this period, as southern Italy's agriculture suffered from hot summers and aridity damaged crops while the presence of malaria prevented cultivation of low-lying areas along Italy's Adriatic coast.
The overwhelming attention paid to foreign policy alienated the agricultural community in Italy which had been in decline since 1873. Both radical and conservative forces in the Italian parliament demanded that the government investigate how to improve agriculture in Italy. The investigation which started in 1877 and was released eight years later, showed that agriculture was not improving, that landowners were earning revenue from their lands and contributing almost nothing to the development of the land. Lower class Italians were hurt by the break-up of communal lands to the benefit of landlords. Most of the workers on the agricultural lands were not peasants but short-term labourers (""braccianti"") who at best were employed for one year. Peasants without stable income were forced to live off meager food supplies, disease was spreading rapidly, plagues were reported, including a major cholera epidemic which killed at least 55,000 people.
The Italian government could not deal with the situation effectively because of overspending that left Italy heavily in debt. Italy also suffered economically as a consequence of overproduction of grapes by their vineyards. In the 1870s and 1880s, France's vineyard industry was suffering from vine disease caused by insects. Italy prospered as the largest exporter of wine in Europe. But following the recovery of France in 1888, southern Italy was overproducing and had to cut back, which caused greater unemployment and bankruptcies.
The Italian government invested heavily in developing railways in the 1870s, more than doubling the existing length of railway line between 1870 and 1890.
Il Mezzogiorno (Southern Italy).
Italy's population remained severely divided between wealthy elites and impoverished workers especially in the south. An 1881 census found that over 1 million southern day-labourers were chronically under-employed and were very likely to become seasonal emigrants in order to economically sustain themselves. Southern peasants as well as small landowners and tenants often were in a state of conflict and revolt throughout the late 19th century. There were exceptions to the generally poor economic condition of agricultural workers of the south, as some regions near cities such as Naples and Palermo as well as along the Tyrrhenian coast.
From the 1870s onward, intellectuals, scholars, and politicians examined the economic and social conditions of Southern Italy ("Il Mezzogiorno"), a movement called "Meridionalismo." For example, the "1910 Commission of Inquiry into the South" indicated that the Italian government thus far had failed to ameliorate the severe economic differences and the limitation of voting rights only to those with sufficient property allowed rich landowners to exploit the poor.
Liberal era of politics (1870–1914).
After unification, Italy's politics favored liberalism: the Liberal-conservative right ("Destra storica" or Historical right) was regionally fragmented, and Liberal-conservative Prime Minister Marco Minghetti only held on to power by enacting revolutionary and left-leaning policies (such as the nationalization of railways) to appease the opposition.
Depretis.
In 1876, Minghetti was ousted and replaced by Liberal Agostino Depretis, who began the long Liberal Period. The Liberal Period was marked by corruption, government instability, continued poverty in southern Italy, and use of authoritarian measures by the Italian government.
Depretis began his term as Prime Minister by initiating an experimental political idea called "Trasformismo" (transformism). The theory of "trasformismo" was that a cabinet should select a variety of moderates and capable politicians from a non-partisan perspective. In practice, "trasformismo" was authoritarian and corrupt, Depretis pressured districts to vote for his candidates if they wished to gain favourable concessions from Depretis when in power. The results of the Italian general election of 1876 resulted in only four representatives from the right being elected, allowing the government to be dominated by Depretis. Despotic and corrupt actions are believed to be the key means in which Depretis managed to keep support in southern Italy. Depretis put through authoritarian measures, such as banning public meetings, placing "dangerous" individuals in internal exile on remote penal islands across Italy and adopting militarist policies. Depretis enacted controversial legislation for the time, such as abolishing arrest for debt, making elementary education free and compulsory while ending compulsory religious teaching in elementary schools.
In 1887, Francesco Crispi became Prime Minister and began focusing government efforts on foreign policy. Crispi worked to build Italy as a great world power through increased military expenditures, advocacy of expansionism, and trying to win the favour of the German Empire. Italy joined the Triple Alliance which included both Germany and Austria–Hungary in 1882 and which remained officially intact until 1915. While helping Italy develop strategically, he continued "trasformismo" and was authoritarian, once suggesting the use of martial law to ban opposition parties. Despite being authoritarian, Crispi put through liberal policies such as the Public Health Act of 1888 and establishing tribunals for redress against abuses by the government.
Crispi.
In 1887, Depretis cabinet minister and former Garibaldi republican Francesco Crispi became Prime Minister. Crispi's major concerns before during his reign was protecting Italy from their dangerous neighbour Austria-Hungary. He greatly admired Britain but was unable to get British assistance for his aggressive foreign policy and turned instead to Germany. Crispi increased built up the army and navy and advocated expansionism, He sought Germany's favor by joining the Triple Alliance which included both Germany and Austria-Hungary in 1882 which remained officially intact until 1915. While helping Italy develop strategically, he continued "trasformismo" and was authoritarian, once suggesting the use of martial law to ban opposition parties. Despite being authoritarian, Crispi put through liberal policies such as the Public Health Act of 1888 and establishing tribunals for redress against abuses by the government.
The overwhelming attention paid to foreign policy alienated the agricultural elements, whose power had been in decline since 1873. Both radical and conservative forces demanded that the government investigate how to improve agriculture in Italy. The investigation which started in 1877 and was released eight years later, showed that agriculture was not improving, that landowners were swallowing up revenue from their lands and contributing almost nothing to the development of the land. There was aggravation by lower class Italians to the break-up of communal lands which benefited only landlords. Most of the workers on the agricultural lands were not peasants but short-term labourers who at best were employed for one year. Peasants without stable income were forced to live off meager food supplies, disease was spreading rapidly, plagues were reported, including a major cholera epidemic which killed at least 55,000 people.
The Italian government could not deal with the situation effectively due to the mass overspending of the Depretis government that left Italy in huge debt. Italy also suffered economically because of overproduction of grapes for their vineyards in the 1870s and 1880s when France's vineyard industry was suffering from vine disease caused by insects. Italy during that time prospered as the largest exporter of wine in Europe but following the recovery of France in 1888, southern Italy was overproducing and had to cut back which caused greater unemployment and bankruptcies.
Colonialism.
In the late 19th and early 20th century, Italy emulated the Great Powers in acquiring colonies, especially in the scramble to take control of Africa that took place in the 1870s. Italy was weak in military and economic resources in comparison with Britain, France and Germany, however. It proved difficult due to popular resistance, and it was unprofitable due to heavy military costs and the lesser economic value of spheres of influence remaining when Italy began to colonize.
A number of colonial projects were undertaken by the government. These were done to gain support of Italian nationalists and imperialists, who wanted to rebuild a Roman Empire. Already, Italy had large settlements in Alexandria, Cairo, and Tunis. Italy first attempted to gain colonies through negotiations with other world powers to make colonial concessions. These negotiations failed. Italy also sent missionaries to uncolonized lands to investigate the potential for Italian colonization. The most promising and realistic of these were parts of Africa. Italian missionaries had already established a foothold at Massawa (in present day Eritrea) in the 1830s and had entered deep into the Ethiopian Empire.
The beginning of colonialism came in 1885, shortly after the fall of Egyptian rule in Khartoum. Italy landed soldiers at Massawa in East Africa. In 1888, Italy annexed Massawa by force, creating the colony of Italian Eritrea. The Eritrean ports of Massawa and Assab handled trade with Italy and Ethiopia. The trade was promoted by the low duties paid on Italian trade. Italy exported manufactured products and imported coffee, beeswax, and hides.
In 1895, Ethiopia led by Emperor Menelik II abandoned an agreement signed in 1889 to follow Italian foreign policy. Italy used this renunciation as a reason to invade Ethiopia. Ethiopia gained the help of the Russian Empire, whose own interests in East Africa led the government of Nicholas II of Russia to sent large amounts of modern weaponry to the Ethiopians to hold back an Italian invasion. In response, Britain decided to back the Italians to challenge Russian influence in Africa and declared that all of Ethiopia was within the sphere of Italian interest. On the verge of war, Italian militarism and nationalism reached a peak, with Italians flocking to the Royal Italian Army, hoping to take part in the upcoming war.
The Italian army failed on the battlefield and were overwhelmed by a huge Ethiopian army at the Battle of Adwa. Italy was forced to retreat into Eritrea. The failed Ethiopian campaign was an international embarrassment to Italy, as it was one of the few major military victories scored by the Africans against an imperial power at this time.
From November 2, 1899, to September 7, 1901, Italy participated as part of the Eight-Nation Alliance forces during the Boxer Rebellion in China. On September 7, 1901, a concession in Tientsin was ceded to the Italy by the Qing Dynasty. On June 7, 1902, the concession was taken into Italian possession and administered by an Italian consul.
In 1911, Italy declared war on the Ottoman Empire and invaded Tripolitania, Fezzan, and Cyrenaica. These provinces together formed what became known as Libya. The war ended only a year later, but the occupation resulted in acts of discrimination against Libyans such as the forced deportation of Libyans to the Tremiti Islands in October 1911. By 1912, a third of these Libyan refugees had died from a lack of food and shelter. The annexation of Libya led nationalists to advocate Italy's domination of the Mediterranean Sea by occupying the Kingdom of Greece and the Adriatic coastal region of Dalmatia.
Giovanni Giolitti.
In 1892, Giovanni Giolitti became Prime Minister of Italy for his first term. Although his first government quickly collapsed a year later, Giolitti returned in 1903 to lead Italy's government during a fragmented period that lasted until 1914. Giolitti had spent his earlier life as a civil servant, and then took positions within the cabinets of Crispi. Giolitti was the first long-term Italian Prime Minister in many years because he mastered the political concept of "trasformismo" by manipulating, coercing and bribing officials to his side. In elections during Giolitti's government, voting fraud was common, and Giolitti helped improve voting only in well-off, more supportive areas, while attempting to isolate and intimidate poor areas where opposition was strong. Southern Italy was in terrible shape prior to and during Giolitti's tenure as Prime Minister. Four-fifths of southern Italians were illiterate and the dire situation there ranged from problems of large numbers of absentee landlords to rebellion and even starvation. Corruption was such a large problem that Giolitti himself admitted that there were places "where the law does not operate at all".
In 1911, Giolitti's government sent forces to occupy Libya. While the success of the Libyan War improved the status of the nationalists, it did not help Giolitti's administration as a whole. The government attempted to discourage criticism by speaking about Italy's strategic achievements and inventiveness of their military in the war: Italy was the first country to use the airship for military purposes, and undertook aerial bombing on the Ottoman forces. The war radicalized the Italian Socialist Party: anti-war revolutionaries led by future-Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini called for violence to bring down the government. Giolitti returned as Prime Minister only briefly in 1920, but the era of liberalism was effectively over in Italy.
The 1913 and 1919 elections saw gains made by Socialist, Catholic and nationalist parties at the expense of the traditionally dominant liberals and radicals, who were increasingly fractured and weakened as a result.
World War I and the failure of liberal state (1915–1922).
Prelude to war, internal dilemma.
In the lead-up to World War I, the Kingdom of Italy faced a number of short-term and long-term problems in determining its allies and objectives. Italy's recent success in occupying Libya as a result of the Italo-Turkish War had sparked tension with its Triple Alliance allies, the German Empire and Austria-Hungary, because both countries had been seeking closer relations with the Ottoman Turkish Empire. In Munich, Germans reacted to Italy's aggression by singing anti-Italian songs. Italy's relations with the French Third Republic also were in bad shape: France felt betrayed by Italy's support of Prussia in the Franco-Prussian War, opening the possibility of war erupting between the two countries. Italy's relations with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland had also been impaired by constant Italian demands for more recognition in the international stage following the occupation of Libya, and its demands that other nations accept its spheres of influence in East Africa and the Mediterranean.
A major hindrance to Italy's decision on what to do about the war was the political instability throughout Italy in 1914. After the formation of the government of Prime Minister Antonio Salandra in March 1914, the government attempted to win the support of nationalists and moved to the political right. At the same time the left became more repulsed by the government after the killing of three anti-militarist demonstrators in June. Many elements of the left including syndicalists, republicans and anarchists protested against this and the Italian Socialist Party declared a general strike in Italy. The protests that ensued became known as "Red Week" as leftists rioted and various acts of civil disobedience occurred in major cities and small towns such as seizing railway stations, cutting telephone wires, and burning tax-registers. However only two days later the strike was officially called off, though the civil strife continued. Militarist nationalists and anti-militarist leftists fought on the streets until the Italian Royal Army forcefully restored calm after having used thousands of men to put down the various protesting forces following the invasion of Serbia by Austria-Hungary in 1914, World War I broke out. Despite Italy's official alliance to the German Empire and in the Triple Alliance, she initially remained neutral, claiming that the Triple Alliance was only for defensive purposes.
In Italy, society was divided over the war: Italian socialists generally opposed the war and supported pacificism, while nationalists militantly supported the war. Long-time nationalists Gabriele D'Annunzio and Luigi Federzoni and an obscure Marxist journalist and new convert to nationalist sentiment, future Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, demanded that Italy join the war. For nationalists, Italy had to maintain its alliance with the Central Empires, in order to obtain colonial territories in expenses of France. For the liberals, the war presented Italy a long-awaited opportunity to use an alliance with the Entente to gain certain Italian-populated and other territories from Austria-Hungary, which had long been part of Italian patriotic aims since unification. In 1915, relatives of Italian revolutionary and republican hero Giuseppe Garibaldi died on the battlefield of France, where they had volunteered to fight. Federzoni used the memorial services to declare the importance of Italy joining the war, and to warn the monarchy of the consequences of continued disunity in Italy if it did not:
Mussolini used his new newspaper "Il Popolo d'Italia" and his strong oratorical skills to urge nationalists and patriotic revolutionary leftists to support Italy's entry into the war to gain back Italian populated territories from Austria-Hungary, by saying "enough of Libya, and on to Trent and Trieste". Mussolini claimed that it was in the interests of socialists to join the war to tear down the aristocratic Hohenzollern dynasty of Germany which he claimed was the enemy of all European workers. Mussolini and other nationalists warned the Italian government that Italy must join the war or face revolution and called for violence against pacifists and neutralists. Left-wing nationalism also erupted in southern Italy, socialist and nationalist Giuseppe De Felice Giuffrida saw joining the war as essential to relieving southern Italy of the rising cost of bread which had caused riots in the south, and advocated a "war of revolution".
With nationalist sentiment firmly on the side of reclaiming Italian territories of Austria-Hungary, Italy entered negotiations with the Triple Entente. The negotiations ended successfully in April 1915 when the London Pact was brokered with the Italian government. The pact ensured Italy the right to attain all Italian-populated lands it wanted from Austria-Hungary, as well as concessions in the Balkans and the division of German colonies along France and England in Africa. The proposal fulfilled the desires of Italian nationalists and Italian imperialism, and was agreed to. Italy joined the Triple Entente in its war against Austria-Hungary.
The reaction in Italy was divided: former Prime Minister Giovanni Giolitti was furious over Italy's decision to go to war against its former defence allies Austria-Hungary. He claimed that Italy would fail in the war, predicting high numbers of mutinies, Austro-Hungarian occupation of more Italian territory, and that the failure would produce a catastrophic rebellion that would destroy the liberal-democratic monarchy and the liberal-democratic secular institutions of the state.
Italy's war effort.
The outset of the campaign against Austria-Hungary looked initially to favour Italy: Austria-Hungary's army was spread to cover its fronts with Serbia and Russia, and Italy had a numerical superiority against the Austro-Hungarian Army. However, this advantage was never fully utilized because Italian military commander Luigi Cadorna insisted on a dangerous frontal assault against Austria-Hungary in an attempt to occupy the Slovenian plateau and Ljubljana. This assault would put the Italian army not far away from Austria-Hungary's imperial capital, Vienna. After eleven failed offensives with enormous loss of life, the Italian campaign to take Vienna collapsed.
Upon entering the war, geography was also a difficulty for Italy, as its border with Austria-Hungary was along mountainous terrain. In May 1915, Italian forces at 400,000 men along the border outnumbered the Austrian and Germans almost precisely four to one. However the Austrian defenses were strong even though they were undermanned and managed to hold off the Italian offensive. The battles with the Austro-Hungarian Army along the Alpine foothills in the trench warfare there were drawn-out, long engagements with little progress. Italian officers were poorly trained in contrast to the Austro-Hungarian and German armies, Italian artillery was inferior to the Austrian machine guns and the Italian forces had dangerously low supply of ammunition, this shortage would continually hamper attempts to make advances into Austrian territory. This combined with the constant replacement of officers by Cadorna resulted in few officers gaining the experience necessary to lead military missions. In the first year of the war, poor conditions on the battlefield led to outbreaks of cholera causing a significant number of Italian soldiers to die. Despite these serious problems, Cadorna refused to back down the offensive. Naval battles occurred between the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina") and the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Italy's warships were outclassed by the Austro-Hungarian fleet and the situation was made more dire for Italy in that both the French Navy and the (British) Royal Navy were not sent into the Adriatic Sea. Their respective governments viewed the Adriatic as far too dangerous to operate due the concentration of the Austro-Hungarian fleet there.
Morale fell among Italian soldiers who lived a tedious life when not on the front lines: they were forbidden to enter theatres or bars even when on leave. However when battles were about to occur, alcohol was made freely available to the soldiers in order to reduce tension before the battle. In order to escape the tedium after battles, some groups of soldiers worked to create improvised brothels. In order to maintain morale, the Italian army had propaganda lectures of the importance of the war to Italy, especially in order to retrieve Trento and Trieste from Austria-Hungary. Some of these lectures were carried out by popular nationalist war proponents such as Gabriele D'Annunzio. D'Annunzio himself would participate in a number of paramilitary raids on Austrian positions along the Adriatic coastline during the war and temporaly lost his sight after a plane raid. Prominent pro-war advocate Benito Mussolini was prevented from giving lecture by the government, most likely because of his revolutionary socialist past.
The Italian government became increasingly aggravated in 1915 with the passive nature of the Serbian army which had not engaged in a serious offensive against Austria-Hungary for months. The Italian government blamed Serbian military inactiveness for allowing the Austrians to muster their armies against Italy. Cadorna suspected that Serbia was attempting to negotiate an end to fighting with Austria and addressed this to foreign minister Sidney Sonnino who himself bitterly claimed that the Serbia was an unreliable ally. Relations between Italy and Serbia became so cold that the other Entente members were forced to abandon the idea of forming a united Balkan front against Austria-Hungary. In negotiations, Sonnino remained willing to allow Bosnia to join Serbia, but refused to discuss the fate of Dalmatia which was claimed by Italy and Pan-Slavists in Serbia. As Serbia fell to the Austro-Hungarian and German forces in 1915, Cadorna proposed sending 60,000 men to land in Thessaloniki to help the Serbs now in exile in Greece and the Principality of Albania to fight off the opposing forces, but the Italian government's bitterness to Serbia resulted in the proposal being rejected.
After 1916, the situation for Italy grew steadily worse, the Austro-Hungarian army managed to push the Italian Army back into Italy as far as Verona and Padua in their Strafexpedition. At the same time Italy faced a shortage of warships, increased attacks by submarines, soaring freight charges threatening the ability to supply food to soldiers, lack of raw materials and equipment, and Italians faced high taxes to pay for the war. Austro-Hungarian and German forces had gone deep into northern Italian territory, and finally in November 1916, Cadorna ended offensive operations and began a defensive approach. In 1917, France, the United Kingdom and the United States offered to send troops to Italy to help it fend off the offensive of the Central Powers, but the Italian government refused, as Sonnino did not want Italy to be seen as a client state of the Allies and preferred isolation as the more brave alternative. Italy also wanted to keep the Kingdom of Greece out of the war, as the Italian government feared that should Greece join the war on the side of the Allies, it would intend to annex Albania, which Italy wanted as its own. Fortunately for Italy, the Venizelist pro-war advocates in Greece failed to succeed in pressuring Constantine I of Greece to bring the country into the conflict, and Italian aims on Albania remained unthreatened.
The Russian Empire collapsed in a 1917 Russian Revolution, eventually resulting in the rise of the communist Bolshevik regime of Vladimir Lenin. The resulting marginalization of the Eastern Front allowed for more Austro-Hungarian and German forces arriving on the front against Italy. Internal dissent against the war grew with increasingly poor economic and social conditions in Italy due to the strain of the war. Much of the profit of the war was being made in the cities, while rural areas were losing income. The number of men available for agricultural work had fallen from 4.8 million to 2.2 million, though through the help of women, agricultural production managed to be maintained at 90 percent of its pre-war total during the war. Many pacifist and internationalist Italian socialists turned to Bolshevism and advocated negotiations with the workers of Germany and Austria-Hungary to help end the war and bring about Bolshevik revolutions. The newspaper "Avanti!" of the Italian Socialist Party declared "Let the bourgeoisie fight its own war". Leftist women in northern Italian cities led protests demanding action against the high cost of living and demanding an end to the war. In Milan in May 1917, Communist revolutionaries organized and engaged in rioting, calling for an end to the war, and managed to close down factories and stop public transportation. The Italian army was forced to enter Milan with tanks and machine guns to face communists and anarchists who fought violently until 23 May when the army gained control of the city with almost fifty people killed (three of which were Italian soldiers) and over 800 people arrested.
After the Battle of Caporetto in 1917, Italian forces were forced far back into Italian territory, and the humiliation led to the arrival of Vittorio Emanuele Orlando as Prime Minister who managed to solve some of Italy's wartime problems. Orlando abandoned the previous isolationist approach to the war and increased coordination with the Allies and the use of the convoy system to fend off submarine attack, allowed Italy to be able to end food shortages from February 1918 onward, and Italy received more raw materials from the Allies. Also in 1918, began the official repression of enemy aliens and Italian socialists were increasingly repressed by the Italian government. The Italian government was infuriated with the Fourteen Points of Woodrow Wilson, the President of the United States, as the advocation of national self-determination meant that Italy would not gain Dalmatia as had been promised in the Treaty of London. In the Parliament of Italy, nationalists condemned Wilson's fourteen points as betraying the Treaty of London, while socialists claimed that Wilson's points were valid and claimed the Treaty of London was an offense to the rights of Slavs, Greeks, and Albanians. Negotiations between Italy and the Allies, particularly the new Yugoslav delegation (replacing the Serbian delegation), agreed to a trade off between Italy and the new Kingdom of Yugoslavia, which was that Dalmatia as claimed by Italy would be accepted as Yugoslav, while Istria as claimed by the Yugoslavs would be accepted as Italian.
At the Battle of the Piave River the Italian army managed to hold off the Austro-Hungarian and German armies. The opposing armies repeatedly failed afterwards in major battles such as Battle of Asiago and the Battle of Vittorio Veneto. The Italian Army crushed the Austrian offensive in the latter battle. Austria-Hungary ended the fighting against Italy with the armistice on 11 November 1918 which ended World War I.
During the war, the Italian Royal Army increased in size from 15,000 men in 1914 to 160,000 men in 1918, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war. This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of twelve billion lira. Italian society was divided between the majority pacifists who opposed Italian involvement in the war and the minority of pro-war nationalists who had condemned the Italian government for not having immediately gone to war with Austria in 1914.
Italy's territorial settlements and the reaction.
As the war came to an end, Italian Prime Minister Vittorio Emanuele Orlando met with British Prime Minister David Lloyd George, Prime Minister of France Georges Clemenceau, and United States President Woodrow Wilson in Versailles, to discuss how the borders of Europe should be redefined to help avoid a future European war.
The talks provided little territorial gain to Italy because Wilson, during the peace talks, promised freedom to all European nationalities to form their own nation states. As a result, the Treaty of Versailles did not assign Dalmatia and Albania to Italy, as had been promised in the Treaty of London (1915). Furthermore, the British and French decided to divide the German overseas colonies into mandates of their own, with Italy receiving none of them. Despite this, Orlando signed the Treaty of Versailles, which caused uproar against his government. Civil unrest erupted in Italy between nationalists who supported the war effort and opposed the "mutilated victory" (as nationalists called it) and leftists who were opposed to the war.
Furious over the peace settlement, Italian nationalist revolutionary Gabriele D'Annunzio led nationalists to form the Free State of Fiume in September 1919. His popularity among nationalists led him to be called "Il Duce" (The Leader) and he used blackshirted paramilitary in his assault on Fiume, the leadership title of "Duce" and the blackshirt paramilitary uniform would later become synonymous with the Fascist movement of Benito Mussolini. The demand for annexation of Fiume spread to all sides of the political spectrum, including Mussolini's Fascists. D'Annunzio's stirring speeches drew Croatian nationalists to his side. He also kept contact with the Irish Republican Army and Egyptian nationalists.
Italy annexed territories that included not only ethnically mixed ones, but also exclusively ethnic Slovene and Croatian ones, especially within the former Austrian Littoral and the former Duchy of Carniola. They included 1/3 of the entire territory inhabited by Slovenes at the time and 1/4 of the entire Slovene population, who was during the 20 years long period of Italian Fascism (1922–1943) subjected to forced Italianization alongside with 25,000 ethnic Germans. According to author Paul N. Hehn, "the treaty left half a million Slavs inside Italy, while only a few hundred Italians in the fledgling Yugoslav ("i.e. Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes renamed "Yugoslavia" in 1929") state".
Fascist regime (1922–1943).
Rise of Fascism into power.
In 1914, Benito Mussolini was forced out of the Italian Socialist Party after calling for Italian intervention against Austria. Prior to World War I, Mussolini had opposed military conscription, protested against Italy's occupation of Libya, and was the editor of the Socialist Party's official newspaper, "Avanti!". Over time, he simply called for revolution, without mentioning class struggle. Mussolini's nationalism enabled him to raise funds from Ansaldo (an armaments firm) and other companies to create his own newspaper "Il Popolo d'Italia" to convince socialists and revolutionaries to support the war. France, Britain, and Russia, wanting to draw Italy to the Entente, helped finance the newspaper. This newspaper became Fascist Italy's officially-supported newspaper years later. During the war, Mussolini served in the Italian army and was wounded once during the war. The wound is widely believed to be the result of an accident which occurred during grenade practice, although he claimed to have been wounded in battle.
Following the end of the war and the Treaty of Versailles, in 1919, Mussolini created the "Fasci di Combattimento" or Combat League. It was originally dominated by patriotic socialist and syndicalist veterans who opposed the pacifist nature of the Italian Socialist Party. The Fascists initially had a platform far more inclined to the left, promising social revolution, proportional representation, women's suffrage (partly realized in 1925), and dividing private property held by estates.
On 15 April 1919, the Fascists made their debut in political violence, when a group of members from the "Fasci di Combattimento" attacked the offices of "Avanti!" Recognizing the failures of the Fascists' initial revolutionary and left-leaning policy, Mussolini moved the organization away from the left and turned the revolutionary movement into an electoral movement in 1921 named the "Partito Nazionale Fascista" (National Fascist Party). The party copied the nationalist themes of D'Annunzio and rejected parliamentary democracy while still operating within to destroy it. Mussolini changed his original revolutionary policies, such as moving away from anti-clericalism to supporting the Catholic Church and abandoned his public opposition to the monarchy. Fascist support and violence began to grow in 1921 and Fascist-supporting army officers began taking arms and vehicles from the army to use in counterrevolutionary attacks on socialists.
In 1920, Giolitti had come back as Prime Minister in an attempt to solve Italy's deadlock. One year later, Giolitti's government had already become unstable, and a growing socialist opposition further endangered his government. Giolitti believed that the Fascists could be toned down and used to protect the state from the socialists. He decided to include Fascists on his electoral list for the 1921 elections. In the elections, the Fascists did not make large gains, but Giolitti's government failed to gather a large enough coalition to govern and offered the Fascists placements in his government. The Fascists rejected Giolitti's offers and joined with socialists in bringing down his government. A number of descendants of those who had served Garibaldi's revolutionaries during unification were won over to Mussolini's nationalist revolutionary ideals. His advocacy of corporatism and futurism had attracted advocates of the "third way". But most importantly he had won over politicians in Italy like Facta and Giolitti who did not condemn him for his Blackshirts' mistreatment of socialists.
In October 1922, Mussolini took advantage of a general strike by workers in Italy, and announced his demands to the Italian government to give the Fascist Party political power or face a coup. With no immediate response, a small number of Fascists began a long trek across Italy to Rome which was called the March on Rome, claiming to Italians that Fascists were intending to restore law and order. Mussolini himself did not participate until the very end of the march, with d'Annunzio at being hailed as leader of the march until it was learned he had been pushed out of a window and severely wounded in a failed assassination attempt, depriving him of the possibility of leading an actual coup d'état orchestrated by an organization originally founded by himself. The Fascists, under the leadership of Mussolini demanded Prime Minister Luigi Facta's resignation and that Mussolini be named Prime Minister. Although the Italian Army was far better armed than the Fascist paramilitaries, the Italian government under King Victor Emmanuel III faced a political crisis. The King was forced to choose which of the two rival movements in Italy would form the government: Mussolini's Fascists, or the anti-monarchist Italian Socialist Party. He selected the Fascists.
On October 28, 1922, Victor Emmanuel III selected Mussolini to become Italian Prime Minister, allowing Mussolini and the Fascist Party to pursue their political ambitions as long as they supported the monarchy and its interests. Mussolini was a very young political leader (at the age of 39) compared to other Italian prime ministers and world leaders at the time. Mussolini was called "Il Duce", or "The Leader" by his supporters, an unofficial title that was commonly used to describe Mussolini's position during the Fascist era. A personality cult was developed that portrayed him as the nation's saviour which was aided by the personal popularity he held with Italians already which would remain strong until Italy faced continuous military defeats in World War II.
Upon taking power, Mussolini formed a legislative coalition with nationalists, liberals, and populists. However goodwill by the Fascists towards parliamentary democracy faded quickly: Mussolini's coalition passed the electoral Acerbo Law of 1923, which gave two thirds of the seats in parliament to the party or coalition that achieved 25% of the vote. The Fascist Party used violence and intimidation to achieve the 25% threshold in the 1924 election, and became the ruling political party of Italy.
Following the election, Socialist deputy Giacomo Matteotti was assassinated after calling for an annulment of the elections because of the irregularities. Following the assassination, the Socialists walked out of parliament, allowing Mussolini to pass more authoritarian laws. In 1925, Mussolini accepted responsibility for the Fascist violence in 1924, and promised that dissenters would be dealt with harshly. Before the speech, Blackshirts smashed opposition presses and beat up several of Mussolini's opponents. This event is considered the onset of undisguised Fascist dictatorship in Italy, though it would be 1928 before the Fascist Party was formally declared the only legal party in the nation.
Over the next four years, Mussolini eliminated nearly all checks and balances on his power. In 1926, he passed a law that declared he was responsible only to the king and made him the sole person able to determine Parliament's agenda. Local autonomy was swept away, and appointed podestas replaced communal mayors and councils. Soon after all other parties were banned in 1928, parliamentary elections were replaced by plebiscites in which the Grand Council nominated a single list of candidates.
The result of Mussolini's takeover of the government was the creation of a diarchy in Italy, with Mussolini wielding enormous political powers as the effective ruler of Italy, while the King remained a figurehead. He did, however, still have the right to dismiss the prime minister, albeit only on the advice of the Grand Council—at least in theory, the only check on Mussolini's power.
Culture and society.
After rising to power, the Fascist regime set Italy on a course to becoming a one-party state and to integrate Fascism into all aspects of life. A totalitarian state as was officially declared in the "Doctrine of Fascism" of 1935,
With the concept of totalitarianism, Mussolini and the Fascist regime set an agenda of improving Italian culture and society based on ancient Rome, personal dictatorship, and some futurist aspects of Italian intellectuals and artists.
Under Fascism, the definition of the Italian nationality rested on a militarist foundation and the Fascist's "new man" ideal in which loyal Italians would rid themselves of individualism and autonomy and see themselves as a component of the Italian state and be willing to sacrifice their lives for it. Under such a totalitarian society, only Fascists would be considered "true Italians" and membership and endorsement of the Fascist Party was necessary for people to gain "Complete Citizenship", those who did not swear allegiance to Fascism were banished from public life and could not gain employment. The Fascist regime also reached out to Italian expatriates living abroad to endorse the Fascist cause and identify with Italy rather than their place of residence. Despite efforts to mould a new culture for fascism, Fascist Italy's efforts were not as drastic or successful in comparison to other one-party states like Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union in creating a new culture.
In Fascist Italy, Mussolini was idolized as the nation's saviour. In public and in propaganda the Fascist regime attempted to make him omnipresent in Italian society. Much of Fascism's appeal in Italy was based on the personality cult around Mussolini and his popularity. Mussolini's passionate oratory and personality cult was displayed at huge rallies and parades of his Blackshirts in Rome which served as an inspiration to Adolf Hitler and the National Socialist German Workers Party in Germany.
The Fascist regime established propaganda in newsreels, radio broadcasting, and a few feature films deliberately endorsing Fascism. In 1926, laws were passed to require that propaganda newsreels be shown prior to all feature films in cinemas. These newsreels were more effective in influencing the Italian public than propaganda films or radio, as few Italians had radio receivers at the time. Fascist propaganda was widely present in posters and state-sponsored art of the time. Art and literature in Fascist Italy were not strictly controlled, and were only censored if they were blatantly against the state.
Catholic Church.
Relations with the Roman Catholic Church improved significantly during Mussolini's regime. Despite earlier opposition to the Church, after 1922, Mussolini made an alliance with the pro-church "Partito Popolare Italiano" or Italian People's Party. In 1929 Mussolini and the pope came to an agreement that ended a standoff that reached back to 1860 and had alienated the Church from the Italian government. The Orlando government had started the process of reconciliation during the World War, and the pope furthered it by cutting ties with the Christian Democrats in 1922. Mussolini and the leading fascists were atheists but they recognized the opportunity of warmer relations with Italy's large Catholic element.
The Lateran Accord of 1929 was a treaty that recognized the pope the sovereign of the tiny Vatican City inside Rome, which gave it independent status and made the Vatican an important hub of world diplomacy. The Concordat of 1929 made Catholicism the sole religion of the state (although other religions were tolerated), paid salaries to priests and bishops, recognized church marriages (previously couples had to have a civil ceremony), and brought religious instruction into the public schools. In turn the bishops swore allegiance to the Italian state, which had a veto power over their selection. A third agreement paid the Vatican 1750 million lira (about $100 million) for the seizures of church property since 1860. The Church was not officially obligated to support the Fascist regime; the strong differences remained but the seething hostility ended. The Church especially endorsed foreign policies such as support for the anti-Communist side in the Spanish Civil War, and support for the conquest of Ethiopia. Friction continued over the Catholic Action youth network, which Mussolini wanted to merge into his Fascist youth group. In 1931 Pope Pius XI issued the encyclical "Non Abbiamo Bisogno" ("We Have No Need)") that denounced the regime's persecution of the church in Italy and condemned "pagan worship of the State."
A nationwide plebiscite was held in March 1929 to endorse the treaty. Opponents were intimidated by the Fascist regime; the Catholic Action party ("Azione Cattolica") instructed Italian Catholics to vote for Fascist candidates to represent them in positions in churches, Mussolini claimed that "no" votes were of those "... few ill-advised anti-clericals who refuse to accept the Lateran Pacts". Nearly 9 million Italians voted or 90 per cent of the registered electorate; only 136,000 voted "no". Lateran Treaty remains in place to this day.
Technology and modernization.
In 1933, Italy made multiple technological achievements. The Fascist government spent large sums of money on technological projects such as the construction of the new Italian ocean liner SS Rex which in 1933 made a transatlantic sea crossing record of four days. as well as funding the development of the Macchi M.C.72 seaplane which became the world's fastest seaplane in 1933 and retained the title in 1934. In 1933, Fascist government member Italo Balbo, who was also an aviator made a transatlantic flight in a flying boat to Chicago for the World's Fair called the Century of Progress. The flight symbolized the power of Fascist leadership and the industrial and technological progress the state had made under Fascist direction.
Antisemitism.
On the issue of antisemitism, the Fascists were divided on what to do, especially with the rise of Adolf Hitler in Germany. A number of Fascist members were Jewish, and Mussolini himself did not personally believe in antisemitism, but to appease Hitler, antisemitism within the Fascist party steadily increased. In 1936, Mussolini made his first written denunciation of Jews by claiming that antisemitism had only arisen because Jews had become too predominant in the positions of power of countries and claimed that Jews were a "ferocious" tribe who sought to "totally banish" Christians from public life. In 1937, Fascist member Paolo Orano criticized the Zionist movement as being part of British foreign policy which designed to secure British hold of the area without respecting the Christian and Muslim presence in Palestine. On the matter of Jewish Italians, Orano said that they "should concern themselves with nothing more than their religion" and not bother boasting of being patriotic Italians.
The major source of friction between Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy was Italy's stance on Jews. In his early years as Fascist leader, while Mussolini harboured racial stereotypes of Jews he did not hold a firm stance on Jews, and his official stances oscillated and shifted to meet the political demands of the various factions of the Fascist movement, rather than having any concrete stance. Of the 117 original members of the "Fasci Italiani di Combattimento" founded on 23 March 1919, 5 were Jewish. Since the movement's early years, there were a small number of prominent openly anti-Semitic Fascists such as Roberto Farinacci. There were also prominent Fascists who completely rejected anti-Semitism, such as Italo Balbo who lived in Ferrara that had a substantial Jewish community that was accepted and anti-Semitic incidents were rare in the city. Mussolini initially had no anti-Semitic statements in his policies. However in response to his observation of large numbers of Jews amongst the Bolsheviks, and claims (that were later confirmed to be true) that the Bolsheviks and Germany (that Italy was fighting in World War I) were politically connected, Mussolini made anti-Semitic statements involving the Bolshevik-German connection as being an "unholy alliance between Hindenburg and the synagogue". Mussolini came to believe rumours that Bolshevik leader Vladimir Lenin was of Jewish descent. Mussolini attacked the Jewish banker Giuseppe Toeplitz of Banca Commerciale Italiana by claiming that he was a German agent and traitor of Italy. In an article in "Il Popolo d'Italia" in June 1919, Mussolini wrote a highly anti-Semitic analysis on the situation in Europe involving Bolshevism following the October Revolution, the Russian Civil War, and war in Hungary involving the Hungarian Soviet Republic.
This statement by Mussolini on a Jewish-Bolshevik-plutocratic connection and conspiracy was met with opposition in the Fascist movement, resulting in Mussolini responding to this opposition amongst his supporters by abandoning and reversing this stance shortly afterwards in 1919. In reversing his stance due to opposition to it, Mussolini no longer expressed his previous assertion that Bolshevism was Jewish but warned that due to the large numbers of Jews in the Bolshevik movement, the rise of Bolshevism in Russia would result in a ferocious wave of anti-Semitism in Russia. He then claimed that "anti-Semitism is foreign to the Italian people" but warned Zionists that they should be careful not to stir up anti-Semitism in "the only country where it has not existed". One of the Jewish financial supporters of the Fascist movement, was Toeplitz, whom Mussolini had earlier accused of being a traitor during World War I. Early on there were prominent Jewish Italian Fascists such as Aldo Finzi, Finzi was born of a mixed marriage of a Jewish and Christian Italian, he was baptized as a Catholic. Another prominent Jewish Italian Fascist was Ettore Ovazza who was a staunch Italian nationalist and an opponent of Zionism in Italy. 230 Italian Jews took part in the Fascists' March on Rome in 1922. In 1932, Mussolini made his private attitude about Jews known to the Austrian ambassador when discussing the issue of the of Hitler, saying: "I have no love for the Jews, but they have great influence everywhere. It is better to leave them alone. Hitler's anti-Semitism has already brought him more enemies than is necessary".
At the 1934 Montreux Fascist conference chaired by the Italian-led "Comitati d'Azione per l'Universalita di Roma" (CAUR), that sought to found a Fascist International, the issue of antisemitism was debated amongst various fascist parties, with some more favourable to it, and others less favourable. Two final compromises were adopted, creating the official stance of the Fascist International:
Italian Fascism adopted antisemitism in the late 1930s, and Mussolini personally returned to invoke antisemitic statements as he had done earlier. The Fascist regime used antisemitic propaganda for the Spanish Civil War from 1937 to 1938 that emphasized that Italy was supporting Spain's Nationalist forces against a "Jewish International". The Fascist regime's adoption of official antisemitic racial doctrine in 1938 met opposition from Fascist members including Balbo, who regarded antisemitism as having nothing to do with Fascism and staunchly opposed the antisemitic laws.
In 1938, under pressure from Nazi Germany, Mussolini made the regime adopt a policy of antisemitism, which was extremely unpopular in Italy and in the Fascist Party itself. As a result of the laws, the Fascist regime lost its propaganda director, Margherita Sarfatti, who was Jewish and had been Mussolini's mistress. A minority of high-ranking Fascists were pleased with the antisemitic policy such as Roberto Farinacci who claimed that Jews through intrigue had taken control key positions of finance, business and schools and he claimed that Jews sympathized with Ethiopia during Italy's war with it and that Jews had sympathized with Republican Spain during the Spanish Civil War. In 1938, Farinacci became the minister in charge of culture, and adopted racial laws designed to prevent racial intermixing which included antisemitism. Until the armistice with the Allies in September 1943, the Italian Jewish community was protected from deportation to the Nazi death camps in the east. With the armistice, Hitler took control of the German occupied territory in the north and began an effort to liquidate the Jewish community under his control. Shortly after the entry of Italy into the war, numerous camps were established for the imprisonment of enemy aliens and Italians suspected to be hostile to the regime. In contrast to the brutality of the Nazi-run camps, the Italian camps allowed families to live together and there was a broad program of social welfare and cultural activities.
Education.
The Fascist government endorsed a stringent education policy in Italy aiming at eliminating illiteracy which was a serious problem in Italy at the time and improving loyalty of Italians to the state. To reduce drop-outs, the government changed the minimum age of leaving school from twelve to fourteen and strictly enforced attendance. The Fascist government's first minister of education from 1922 to 1924, Giovanni Gentile recommended that education policy should focus on indoctrination of students into Fascism, and to educate youth to respect and be obedient to authority. In 1929, education policy took a major step towards being completely taken over by the agenda of indoctrination. In that year, the Fascist government took control of the authorization of all textbooks, all secondary school teachers were required to take an oath of loyalty to Fascism, and children began to be taught that they owed the same loyalty to Fascism as they did to God. In 1933, all university teachers were required to be members of the National Fascist Party. From 1930s to 1940s, Italy's education focused on the history of Italy displaying Italy as a force of civilization during the Roman era, displaying the rebirth of Italian nationalism and the struggle for Italian independence and unity during the "Risorgimento". In late 1930s, the Fascist government copied Nazi Germany's education system on the issue of physical fitness, and began an agenda that demanded that Italians become physically healthy.
Intellectual talent in Italy was rewarded and promoted by the Fascist government through the Royal Academy of Italy which was created in 1926 to promote and coordinate Italy's intellectual activity.
Social welfare.
A major success in social policy in Fascist Italy was the creation of the "Opera Nazionale Dopolavoro" (OND) or "National After-work Program" in 1925. The OND was the state's largest recreational organizations for adults. The "Dopolavoro" was so popular that, by the 1930s, all towns in Italy had a "Dopolavoro" clubhouse and the "Dopolavoro" was responsible for establishing and maintaining 11,000 sports grounds, over 6,400 libraries, 800 movie houses, 1,200 theatres, and over 2,000 orchestras. Membership in the "Dopolavoro" was voluntary but had high participation because of its nonpolitical nature. In the 1930s under the direction of Achille Starace the OND became primarily recreational, concentrating on sports and other outings. It is estimated that by 1936 the OND had organized 80% of salaried workers. Nearly 40% of the industrial workforce had been recruited into the Dopolavoro by 1939 and the sports activities proved popular with large numbers of workers. The OND had the largest membership of any of the mass Fascist organizations in Italy. The enormous success of the "Dopolavoro" in Fascist Italy was the key factor in Nazi Germany creating its own version of the "Dopolavoro", the "Kraft durch Freude" (KdF) or "Strength through Joy" program, which was even more successful than the "Dopolavoro".
Police state.
For security of the regime, Mussolini advocated complete state authority, and created the "Milizia Volontaria per la Sicurezza Nazionale" or National Security Volunteer Militia in 1923, which are commonly referred to as the Blackshirts for the colour of their uniforms. Most of the Blackshirts were members from the "Fasci di Combattimento". A secret police force called the "Organizzazione di Vigilanza Repressione dell'Antifascismo" (Organization for Vigilance and Repression of Anti-Fascism) or OVRA was created in 1927. It was led by Arturo Bocchini to crack down on opponents of the regime and Mussolini (there had been several near-miss assassination attempts on Mussolini's life in his early years in power). This force was effective, but unlike the Schutzstaffel (SS) in Nazi Germany or the NKVD of the Soviet Union, the OVRA caused far fewer deaths of political opponents. However Fascists methods of repression were cruel which included physically forcing opponents of Fascism to swallow castor oil which would cause severe diarrhea and dehydration, leaving the victim in a painful and physically debilitated state which would sometimes would result in death.
To combat organized crime, especially the Mafia in Sicily and the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria, the Fascists gave special powers in 1925 to Cesare Mori, the prefect of Palermo. These powers gave him the ability to prosecute the Mafia, forcing many Mafiosi to flee abroad (many to the United States) or risk being jailed. Mori was fired however, when he began to investigate Mafia links within the Fascist regime. He was removed from his position in 1929, and the Fascist regime declared that the threat of the Mafia had been eliminated. Mori's actions weakened the Mafia, but did not destroy them. From 1929 to 1943, the Fascist regime completely abandoned its previously aggressive measures against the Mafia, and the Mafiosi were left relatively undisturbed. 
Economy.
Mussolini and the Fascist Party promised Italians a new economic system called corporatism. Corporatism was an outgrowth of socialism into a new economic system where the means of production where nominally left in the hands of the civil sector, but directed and controlled by the State.
In 1935, the "Doctrine of Fascism" was published under Mussolini's name, although it was most likely written by Giovanni Gentile. It described the role of the state in the economy under corporatism. By this time, Fascism had been drawn more towards the support of market forces being dominant over state intervention.
Fascists claimed that this system would be egalitarian and traditional at the same time. The economic policy of corporatism quickly faltered: the left-wing elements of the Fascist manifesto were opposed by industrialists and landowners who supported the party because it pledged to defend Italy from communism and socialism. As a result, corporatist policy became dominated by the industries. Initially, economic legislation mostly favoured the wealthy industrial and agrarian classes by allowing privatization, liberalization of rent laws, tax cuts and administrative reform. However, economic policy changed drastically following the Matteoti Crisis where Mussolini began pushing for a totalitarian state. In 1926, the Syndical laws (also known as the Rocco laws) were passed, organizing the economy into 12 separate employer and employee unions. The unions were largely state-controlled and were mainly used to suppress opposition and reward political loyalty. While the Fascist unions could not protect workers from all economic consequences, they were responsible for the handling of social security benefits, claims for severance pay, and could sometimes negotiate contracts that benefited workers.
After the Great Depression hit the world economy in 1929, the Fascist regime followed other nations in enacting protectionist tariffs and attempted to set direction for the economy. In the 1930s, the government increased wheat production, and made Italy self-sufficient for wheat, ending imports of wheat from Canada and the United States. However the transfer of agricultural land to wheat production reduced the production of vegetables and fruit. Despite improving production for wheat, the situation for peasants themselves did not improve. 0.5% of the Italian population (usually wealthy), owned 42 percent of all agricultural land in Italy, and income for peasants did not increase while taxes did increase. The Depression caused unemployment to rise from 300,000 to 1 million in 1933. It also caused a 10 percent drop in real income and a fall in exports. Italy fared better than most western nations during the Depression: its welfare services did reduce the impact of the Depression. Its industrial growth from 1913 to 1938 was even greater than that of Germany for the same time period. Only the United Kingdom and the Scandinavian nations had a higher industrial growth during that period.
Italy's colonial expansion into Ethiopia in 1936, proved to have a negative impact on Italy's economy. The budget of the colony of Italian East Africa in the 1936–37 fiscal year requested from Italy 19.136 billion lire to be used create the necessary infrastructure for the colony. At the time Italy's entire revenue that year was only 18.581 billion lire.
Women.
The fascists paid special attention to the role of women, from elite society women to factory workers and peasants. Fascist leaders sought to "rescue" women from experiencing emancipation even as they trumpeted the advent of the "new Italian woman" (nuova italiana). The policies revealed a deep conflict between modernity and traditional patriarchal authority, as Catholic, Fascist and commercial models of conduct competed to shape women's perceptions of their roles and their society at large. The Fascists celebrated violent "virilist" politics and exaggerated its machismo while also taxing celibate men to pay for child welfare programs. Italy's invasion of Ethiopia in 1935 and the resulting League of Nations sanctions shaped the tasks assigned to women within the Fascist Party. The empire and women's contribution to it became a core theme in Fascist propaganda. Women in the party were mobilized for the imperial cause both as producers and as consumers, giving them new prominence in the nation. The Fascist women's groups expanded their roles to cover such new tasks as running training courses on how to fight waste in housework. Young Italian women were prepared for a role in Italy's "place in the sun" through special courses created to train them for a future as colonial wives.
The government tried to achieve "alimentary sovereignty," or total self-sufficiency with regard to food supplies. Its new policies were highly controversial among a people who paid serious attention to their food. The goal was to reduce imports, support Italian agriculture, and encourage an austere diet based on bread, polenta, pasta, fresh produce and wine. Fascist women's groups trained women in "autarkic cookery" to work around items no longer imported. Food prices climbed in the 1930s and dairy and meat consumption was discouraged, while increasing numbers of Italians turned to the black market. The policy demonstrated that Fascists saw food—and people's behavior generally—as strategic resources that could be manipulated regardless of traditions and tastes.
Fascist foreign politics.
Benito Mussolini and the Fascist Party promised to bring Italy back as a Great Power in Europe, making it a "New Roman Empire". Mussolini promised that Italy would hold power over the Mediterranean Sea. In propaganda, Fascists used the ancient Roman ""Mare Nostrum"" (Latin for "Our Sea") to describe the Mediterranean. The Fascist regime increased funding and attention to military projects, and began plans to create an Italian Empire in Africa, and reclaim dominance in the Mediterranean and Adriatic Sea. The Fascists considered wars to conquer Dalmatia, Albania and Greece for the Italian Empire.
Colonial efforts in Africa began in the 1920s, as civil war plagued Italian North Africa ("Africa Settentrionale Italiana", or ASI) as the Arab population there refused to accept Italian colonial rule. Mussolini sent Marshal Rodolfo Graziani to lead a punitive pacification campaign against the Arab nationalists. Omar Mukhtar, led the Arab resistance movement. After a much-disputed truce on 3 January 1928, the Fascist policy in Libya increased in brutality. A barbed wire fence was built from the Mediterranean to the oasis of Jaghbub to sever lines critical to the resistance. Soon afterwards, the colonial administration began the wholesale deportation of the people of the Jebel Akhdar to deny the rebels the support of the local population. The forced migration of more than 100,000 people ended in concentration camps in Suluq and Al-'Aghela where tens of thousands died in squalid conditions. It's estimated that the number of Libyans who died - killed either through combat or starvation and disease - was at least 80,000, and up to half of the Cyrenaican population. After Al-Mukhtar's capture September 15, 1931 and his execution in Benghazi, the resistance petered out. Limited resistance to the Italian occupation crystallized round the person of Sheik Idris, the Emir of Cyrenaica.
Negotiations occurred with the British government on expanding the borders of the colony of Libya. The first negotiations began in 1925 to define the border between Libya and British-held Egypt. These negotiations resulted in Italy gaining previously undefined territory. In 1934, once again the Italian government requested more territory for Libya from British-held Sudan. Britain allowed Italy to gain some territory from Sudan to add to Libya. These concessions were probably allowed because of the relatively good relations between Italy and Britain prior to 1935.
In 1935, Mussolini believed that the time was right for Italy to invade Ethiopia (a.k.a. Abyssinia) to make it a colony. As a result, the Second Italo-Abyssinian War erupted. Italy invaded Ethiopia from the Italian colonies of Eritrea and Somaliland. Italy committed atrocities against the Ethiopians during the war, including the use of aircraft to drop poison gas on the defending Ethiopian soldiers. Ethiopia surrendered in 1936, completing Italy's revenge for its failed colonial conquest of the 1880s. King Victor Emmanuel III was soon proclaimed Emperor of Ethiopia. The international consequences for Italy's belligerence resulted in its isolation at the League of Nations. France and Britain quickly abandoned their trust of Mussolini. The only nation to back Italy's aggression was Nazi Germany. After being condemned by the League of Nations, the Grand Council of Fascism declared Italy's decision to leave the League on December 11, 1937 and Mussolini denounced the League as a mere "tottering temple".
After pressure was placed on Italy by Nazi Germany to promote a racist agenda, the Fascist regime moved away from its previous promotion of colonialism based on the spread of Italian culture to a directly racist colonial agenda. The Fascist regime declared that it would promote mass Italian settlements in the colonies that would in the Fascist regime's terms, "create in the heart of the African continent a powerful and homogeneous nucleus of whites strong enough to draw those populations within our economic orbit and our Roman and Fascist civilization". Fascist rule in its Italian colonies differed from region to region. Rule in Italian East Africa ("Africa Orientale Italiana", or AOI), a colony including Ethiopia, Eritrea, and Italian Somaliland, was harsh for the native peoples as Fascist policy sought to destroy native culture. In February 1937, Rodolfo Graziani ordered Italian soldiers to pillage native settlements in Addis Ababa, which resulted in hundreds of Ethiopians being killed and their homes being burned to the ground. After the occupation of Ethiopia, the Fascist regime endorsed racial segregation to reduce the number of mixed offspring in Italian colonies which they claimed would "pollute" the Italian race. Marital and sexual relationships between Italians and Africans in its colonies were made a criminal offense when the Fascist regime implemented decree-law No. 880 April 19, 1937 which gave sentences of one to five years imprisonment to Italians caught in such relationships. The law did not give any sentences to native Africans, as the Fascist government claimed that only those Italians were to blame for damaging the prestige of their race. Despite racist language used in some propaganda, the Fascist regime accepted recruitment of native Africans who wanted to join Italy's colonial armed forces and native African colonial recruits were displayed in propaganda. In Italian Libya, Mussolini downplayed racist policies as he attempted to earn the trust of Arab leaders there. Individual freedom, inviolability of home and property, right to join the military or civil administrations, and the right to freely pursue a career or employment were guaranteed to Libyans by December 1934. In famous trip to Libya in 1937, a propaganda event was created when on March 18 Mussolini posed with Arab dignitaries who gave him an honorary "Sword of Islam" (that had actually been made in Florence) which was to symbolize Mussolini as a protector of the Muslim Arab peoples there. In 1939, laws were passed that allowed Muslims to be permitted to join the National Fascist Party and in particular the Muslim Association of the Lictor ("Associazione Musulmana del Littorio") for Muslim Libya, and the 1939 reforms allowed the creation of Libyan military units within the Italian army.
The Fascist regime also engaged in interventionist foreign policy in Europe. In 1923, Italian soldiers captured the Greek island of Corfu as part of the Fascists' plan to eventually take over Greece. Corfu was later returned to Greece and war between Greece and Italy was avoided. In 1925, Italy forced Albania to become a "de facto" protectorate which helped Italy's stand against Greek sovereignty. Corfu was important to Italian imperialism and nationalism due to its presence in the former Republic of Venice which left behind significant Italian cultural monuments and influence, though the Greek population there, especially youth, heavily protested the Italian occupation. Relations with France were mixed, the Fascist regime consistently had the intention to eventually wage war on France to regain Italian-populated areas of France, but with the rise of Hitler, the Fascists immediately became more concerned of Austria's independence and the potential threat of Germany to Italy, if it demanded the German-populated areas of Tyrol. Due to concerns of German expansionism, Italy joined the Stresa Front with France and the United Kingdom against Germany which existed from 1935 to 1936. The Fascist regime held negative relations with Yugoslavia, as they long wanted the implosion of Yugoslavia in order to territorially expand and increase Italy's power. Italy pursued espionage in Yugoslavia, as Yugoslav authorities on multiple occasions discovered spy rings in the Italian Embassy in Yugoslavia such as in 1930. In 1929, the Fascist government accepted Croatian extreme nationalist Ante Pavelić as a political exile to Italy from Yugoslavia. The Fascists gave Pavelić financial assistance and a training ground in Italy to develop and train his newly formed fascist militia and terrorist group, the Ustaše. This organization later became the ruling force of the Independent State of Croatia, and murdered hundreds of thousands of Serbs, Jews and other minorities during World War II. In 1936 in Spain, the Fascist regime made its most significant pre-war military intervention. The Spanish Republic was divided in the Spanish Civil War between the anticlerical socialist Republicans and the Church-supporting, monarchy-backed nationalists led by Francisco Franco under his fascist Falange movement. Italy sent aircraft, weapons, and a total of over 60,000 troops to aid the Spanish nationalists. The war helped train the Italian military for war and improve relations with the Catholic Church. It was a success that secured Italy's naval access in and out of the Mediterranean to the Atlantic and its ability to pursue its policy of "Mare Nostrum" without fear of opposition by Spain. The other major foreign contributor to the Spanish Civil War was Nazi Germany. This was the first time that Italian and German forces fought together since the Austro-Prussian War in the 1860s. During the 1930s, Italy built many large battleships and other warships to solidify Italy's hold on the Mediterranean.
After Germany annexed Czechoslovakia, Mussolini turned his attention to Albania. On April 7, 1939, Italy invaded the country, and after a short campaign Albania was occupied, and its parliament crowned Victor Emmanuel III King of Albania. The historical justification for the annexation of Albania laid in the ancient history of the Roman Empire in which the region of Albania had been an early conquest for the Romans, even before northern Italy had been taken by Roman forces. But obviously by the time of annexation, little connection to Italy remained amongst Albanians. In actuality, the annexation of Albania was far from a military conquest as the country had been a de facto protectorate of Italy since the 1920s and much of its army were commanded by Italian officers sent from Italy. The occupation was not appreciated by King Emmanuel III, who feared that it had isolated Italy even further than its war against Ethiopia.
When the National Socialist German Workers Party (NSDAP, a.k.a. Nazi Party) attained power in Germany in 1933, Mussolini and the Fascist regime in public showed approval of Hitler's regime, with Mussolini saying "The victory of Hitler is our victory". The Fascist regime also spoke of creating an alliance with the new regime in Germany. In private, Mussolini and the Italian Fascists showed disapproval of the Nazi government and Mussolini had a disapproving view of Hitler despite ideological similarities. The Fascists distrusted Hitler's Pan-German ideas which they saw as a threat to territories in Italy that previously had been part of Austrian Empire. Although other Nazis disapproved of Mussolini and Fascist Italy, Hitler had long idolized Mussolini's oratorical and visual persona, and adopted much of the symbolism of the Fascists into the Nazi Party, such as the Roman, straight-armed salute, dramatic oratory, the use of uniformed paramilitaries for political violence, and the use of mass rallies to demonstrate the power of the movement. In 1922 Hitler tried to ask for Mussolini's guidance on how to organize his own version of the March on Rome which would be a "March on Berlin" (which came into being as the failed Beer Hall Putsch in 1923). Mussolini did not respond to Hitler's requests as he did not have much interest in Hitler's movement and regarded Hitler to be somewhat crazy. Mussolini did attempt to read "Mein Kampf" to find out what Hitler's National Socialist movement was but was immediately disappointed, saying that "Mein Kampf" was "a boring tome that I have never been able to read" and remarked that Hitler's beliefs were "little more than commonplace clichés." While Mussolini like Hitler believed in the cultural and moral superiority of whites over coloured peoples, he opposed Hitler's antisemitic beliefs. A number of Fascists were Jewish, including Mussolini's mistress Margherita Sarfatti, the director of Fascist art and propaganda, and there was little support amongst Italians for antisemitism. Mussolini also did not evaluate race as being a precursor of superiority, but rather culture.
Hitler and the Nazis continued to try to woo Mussolini to their cause, and eventually Mussolini gave financial assistance to the Nazi party and allowed Nazi paramilitaries to train in Italy in the belief that despite differences, a fascist regime in Germany could be beneficial to Italy. Suspicion of the Nazis increased after 1933, Mussolini sought to ensure that Nazi Germany would not become the dominant fascist state in Europe. To do this, Mussolini opposed German efforts to annex Austria after the assassination of fascist Austrian President Engelbert Dollfuss in 1934, and promised the Austrians military support if Germany were to interfere. This promise helped save Austria from annexation in 1934.
Public appearances and propaganda constantly portrayed the closeness of Mussolini and Hitler and the similarities between Italian Fascism and German National Socialism. While both ideologies had significant similarities, the two factions were suspicious of each other, and both leaders were in competition for world influence. Hitler and Mussolini first met in June 1934, as the issue of Austrian independence was in crisis. In private, after the visit in 1934, Mussolini said that Hitler was just "a silly little monkey".
After Italy became isolated in 1936, the government had little choice but to work with Germany to regain a stable bargaining position in international affairs and reluctantly abandoned its support of Austrian independence from Germany. On October 28, 1937, Mussolini declared Italy's support of Germany regaining its colonies lost in World War I, declaring"
With no significant opposition from Italy, Hitler proceeded with "Anschluß", the annexation of Austria in 1938. Germany later claimed the Sudetenland, a province of Czechoslovakia inhabited mostly by Germans. Mussolini felt he had little choice but to help Germany to avoid isolation. With the annexation of Austria by Germany in 1938, the Fascist regime began to be concerned about the majority ethnic German population in southern Tyrol, and whether they would want to join a Greater Germany. The Fascists were also concerned about whether Italy should follow Nazi antisemitic policies in order to gain favour from those Nazis who had mixed feelings about Italy as an ally. In 1938, Mussolini pressured fellow Fascist members to support the enacting of antisemitic policies, but this was not well taken, as a number of Fascists were Jewish and antisemitism was not an active political concept in Italy. Nevertheless, Mussolini forced through antisemitic legislation even while his own son-in-law and prominent Fascist Count Galeazzo Ciano personally condemned such laws. In turn for enacting the extremely unpopular antisemitic laws, Mussolini and the Fascist government demanded a concession from Hitler and the Nazis. In 1939 the Fascists demanded from Hitler that his government willingly accept the Italian government's plan to have all Germans in south Tyrol either leave Italy or be forced to accept Italianization. Hitler agreed and thus the threat to Italy from the south Tyrol Germans was neutralized.
As war approached in 1939, the Fascist regime stepped up an aggressive press campaign against France claiming that Italian people were suffering in France. This was important to the alliance as both regimes mutually had claims on France, Germany on German-populated Alsace-Lorraine and Italy on the mixed Italian and French populated Nice and Corsica. In May 1939, a formal alliance was organized. The alliance was known as the Pact of Steel which obliged Italy to fight alongside Germany if war broke out against Germany. Mussolini felt obliged to sign the pact in spite of his own concerns that Italy could not fight a war in the near future. This obligation grew from his promises to Italians that he would build an empire for them and from his personal desire to not allow Hitler to become the dominant leader in Europe. Mussolini was repulsed by the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact agreement where Germany and the Soviet Union agreed to partition the Second Polish Republic into German and Soviet zones for an impending invasion. The Fascist government saw this as a betrayal of the Anti-Comintern Pact, but decided to remain officially silent.
World War II and the fall of Fascism.
When Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939 beginning World War II, Mussolini publicly declared on September 24, 1939, that Italy had the choice of entering the war or to remain neutral which would cause the country to lose its national dignity. Nevertheless, despite his aggressive posture, Mussolini kept Italy out of the conflict for many months. Mussolini told his son in law, Count Ciano, that he was personally jealous over Hitler's accomplishments and hoped that Hitler's prowess would be slowed down by Allied counterattack. Mussolini went so far as to lessen Germany's successes in Europe by giving advanced notice to Belgium and the Netherlands of an imminent German invasion, of which Germany had informed Italy.
In drawing out war plans, Mussolini and the Fascist regime decided that Italy would aim to annex large portions of Africa and the Middle East to be included in its colonial empire. Hesitance remained from the King and military commander Pietro Badoglio who warned Mussolini that Italy had too few tanks, armoured vehicles, and aircraft available to be able to carry out a long-term war and Badoglio told Mussolini "It is suicide" for Italy to get involved in the European conflict. Mussolini and the Fascist regime took the advice to a degree and waited as France was invaded by Germany before deciding to get involved.
As France collapsed under the German Blitzkrieg, Italy declared war on France and Britain on 10 June 1940, fulfilling its obligations of the Pact of Steel. Italy hoped to quickly conquer Savoy, Nice, Corsica, and the African colonies of Tunisia and Algeria from the French, but this was quickly stopped when Germany signed an armistice with the French commander Philippe Petain who established Vichy France which retained control over Savoy, Nice, Corsica, Tunisia and Algeria. This decision by Germany angered the Fascist regime.
The one Italian strength that concerned the Allies was the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina"), the fourth largest navy in the world at the time. In 1940, the British Royal Navy launched a surprise air attack on the Italian fleet at Taranto which crippled Italy's major warships. Although the Italian fleet did not inflict serious damage as was feared, it did keep significant British Commonwealth naval forces in the Mediterranean Sea. This fleet had to fight the Italian fleet to keep British Commonwealth forces in Egypt and the Middle East from being cut off from Britain. In 1941 on the Italian-controlled island of Kastelorizo, off the coast of Turkey, Italian forces succeeded in repelling British and Australian forces attempting to occupy the island during Operation Abstention. In December 1941, a covert attack by Italian forces took place in Alexandria, Egypt, in which Italian divers attached explosives to British warships resulting in two British battleships being sunk. This was known as the Raid on Alexandria. In 1942, the Italian navy inflicted a serious blow to a British convoy fleet attempting to reach Malta during Operation Harpoon, sinking multiple British vessels. Over time, the Allied navies inflicted serious damage to the Italian fleet, and ruined Italy's one advantage to Germany.
Continuing indications of Italy's subordinate nature to Germany arose during the Greco-Italian War, which was disastrous for the poorly armed Italian Army. Mussolini had intended the war with Greece to prove to Germany that Italy was no minor power in the alliance, but a capable empire which could hold its own weight. Mussolini boasted to his government that he would even resign from being Italian if anyone found fighting the Greeks to be difficult. Within days of invading Greece, the Greek army pushed the Italian army back into Albania and humiliatingly put Italy on the defensive. Hitler and the German government were frustrated with Italy's failing campaigns, but so was Mussolini. Mussolini in private angrily accused Italians on the battlefield of becoming "overcome with a crisis of artistic sentimentalism and throw in the towel."
To gain back ground in Greece, Germany reluctantly began a Balkans Campaign alongside Italy which resulted also in the destruction of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1941 and the ceding of Dalmatia to Italy. Mussolini and Hitler compensated Croatian nationalists by endorsing the creation of the Independent State of Croatia under the extreme nationalist Ustaše. In order to receive the support of Italy, the Ustaše agreed to concede the main central portion of Dalmatia as well as various Adriatic islands to Italy, as Dalmatia held a significant number of Italians. The ceding of the Adriatic islands was considered by the Independent State of Croatia to be a minimal loss, as in exchange for those cessions, they were allowed to annex all of modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina, which led to the persecution of the Serb population there. Officially, the Independent State of Croatia was a kingdom and an Italian protectorate, ruled by Italian House of Savoy member Tomislav II of Croatia, however he never personally set foot on Croatian soil, and the government was run by Ante Pavelić, the leader of the Ustaše. Italy did however hold military control across all of Croatia's coast, which combined with Italian control of Albania and Montenegro, gave Italy complete control of the Adriatic Sea, thus completing a key part of the "Mare Nostrum" policy of the Fascists. The Ustaše movement proved valuable to Italy and Germany as a means to counter Royalist Chetnik guerrillas (although they did work with them because they did not really like the Ustaše movement whom they left up to the Germans) and the communist Yugoslav Partisans under Josip Broz Tito who opposed the occupation of Yugoslavia.
Under Italian army commander Mario Roatta's watch the violence against the Slovene civil population in the Province of Ljubljana easily matched that of the Germans with summary executions, hostage-taking and hostage killing, reprisals, internments to Rab and Gonars concentration camps and the burning of houses and whole villages. Roatta issued additional special instructions stating that the repression orders must be "carried out most energetically and without any false compassion". According to historians James Walston and Carlo Spartaco Capogeco, the annual mortality rate in the Italian concentration camps was higher than the average mortality rate in Nazi concentration camp Buchenwald (which was 15%), at least 18%. Monsignor Joze Srebnic, Bishop of Veglia (Krk island), on 5 August 1943 reported to Pope Pius XII that "witnesses, who took part in the burials, state unequivocally that the number of the dead totals at least 3,500". After the war Yugoslavia, Greece and Ethiopia requested the extradition of 1,200 Italian war criminals for trail. However they never saw anything like the Nuremberg trials, because the British government with the beginning of the Cold War saw in Pietro Badoglio a guarantee of an anti-communist post-war Italy. The repression of memory led to historical revisionism in Italy about the country's actions during the war. In 1963 anthology "Notte sul'Europa" a photography of an internee from Rab concentration camp was included while claiming to be a photography of an internee from a German Nazi camp, when in fact the internee was a Slovene Janez Mihelčič, born 1885 in Babna Gorica, who died at Rab in 1943. In 2003 the Italian media published Silvio Berlusconi's statement that Benito Mussolini merely "used to send people on vacation".
In 1940, Italy invaded Egypt and was soon driven far back into Libya by British Commonwealth forces. The German army sent a detachment to join the Italian army in Libya to save the colony from the British advance. German army units in the Afrika Korps under General Erwin Rommel were the mainstay in the campaign to push the British out of Libya and into central Egypt in 1941 to 1942. The victories in Egypt were almost entirely credited to Rommel's strategic brilliance. The Italian forces received little media attention in North Africa because of their dependence on the superior weaponry and experience of Rommel's forces. For a time in 1942, Italy from an official standpoint controlled large amounts of territory along the Mediterranean. With the collapse of Vichy France, Italy gained control of Corsica, Nice and other portions of southwestern France. Italy also oversaw a military occupation over significant sections of southern France. But despite the official territorial achievements, the so-called "Italian Empire" was a paper tiger by 1942: it was faltering as its economy failed to adapt to the conditions of war, and Italian cities were being bombed by the Allies. Also, despite Rommel's advances in 1941 and early 1942, the campaign in North Africa began to collapse in late 1942. Complete collapse came in 1943 when German and Italian forces fled North Africa to Sicily.
By 1943, Italy was failing on every front, by January of the year, half of the Italian forces serving on the Eastern Front had been destroyed, the African campaign had collapsed, the Balkans remained unstable, and Italians wanted an end to the war. King Victor Emmanuel III urged Count Ciano to overstep Mussolini to try to begin talks with the Allies. In mid-1943, the Allies commenced an invasion of Sicily in an effort to knock Italy out of the war and establish a foothold in Europe. Allied troops landed in Sicily with little initial opposition from Italian forces. The situation changed as the Allies ran into German forces, who held out for some time before Sicily was taken over by the Allies. The invasion made Mussolini dependent on the German Armed Forces ("Wehrmacht") to protect his regime. The Allies steadily advanced through Italy with little opposition from demoralized Italian soldiers, while facing serious opposition from German forces.
Civil war (1943–1945).
By 1943, Mussolini had lost the support of the Italian population for having led a disastrous war effort. To the world, Mussolini was viewed as a "sawdust caesar" for having led his country to war with ill-equipped and poorly trained armed forces which failed in battle. The embarrassment of Mussolini to Italy led King Victor Emmanuel III and even members of the Fascist Party to desire Mussolini's removal. The first stage of his ouster took place when Fascist Party's Grand Council under the direction of Fascist member Dino Grandi voted to remove Mussolini as the party's leader. Days later, on 26 July 1943, Emmanuel III officially removed Mussolini from the post of Prime Minister and replaced him with Marshal Pietro Badoglio. Upon removal, Mussolini was immediately arrested. The new "Badoglio government" stripped away the final elements of Fascist rule by banning the Fascist Party. Italy then signed an armistice with the Allied armed forces and the Kingdom of Italy joined the Allies in their war against Nazi Germany. The new Royalist government of Victor Emmanuel III and Marshal Badoglio raised an Italian Co-Belligerent Army, an Italian Co-Belligerent Navy, and an Italian Co-Belligerent Air Force. The Bagdolio government attempted to establish a non-partisan administration and a number of political parties were allowed to exist again after years of ban under Fascism. These ranged from liberal to communist parties which all were part of the government. Italians celebrated the fall of Mussolini and as more Italian territory was taken by the Allies, the Allies were welcomed as liberators by Italians, who opposed the German occupation.
However, Mussolini's reign in Italy was not over. A German commando unit led by Otto Skorzeny rescued Mussolini from the mountain hotel where he was being held under arrest. Hitler instructed Mussolini to establish the Italian Social Republic in German-held northern Italy. The Italian Social Republic was a German puppet state. The Fascist state's armed forces were a combination of Mussolini loyalist Fascists and German armed forces. However Mussolini had little power, Hitler and the German armed forces led the campaign against the Allies and saw little interest in preserving Italy as more than a buffer zone against an Allied invasion of Germany.
Life for Italians under German occupation was hard especially in Rome. Rome's citizens by 1943 had grown tired of the war and upon Italy signing an armistice with the Allies on September 8, 1943, Rome's citizens took to the streets chanting "Viva la pace!" ("Long live the peace!) but within hours, German forces raided the city, and attacked anti-Fascists, royalists, and Jews. Roman citizens were harassed by German soldiers to provide them food and fuel and German authorities would arrest all opposition and many were sent into forced labour. Rome's citizens upon being liberated reported that during the first week of German occupation of Rome, crimes against Italian citizens took place, as German soldiers looted stores and robbed Roman citizens at gunpoint. Martial law was imposed on Rome by German authorities requiring all citizens to obey a curfew forbidding people to be out on the street after 9 p.m. During winter of 1943, Rome's citizens were denied access to sufficient food, firewood, and coal which were taken by German authorities to be given to German soldiers housed in occupied hotels. These actions left Rome's citizens to live in the harsh cold and were on the verge of starvation. German authorities began arresting able-bodied Roman men to be conscripted into forced labour. On June 4, 1944, the German occupation of Rome came to an end as German forces retreated as the Allies advanced.
Mussolini was captured on April 27, 1945, by communist Italian partisans near the Swiss border as he tried to escape Italy. On the next day, he was executed for high treason, as sentenced in absentia by a tribunal of the CLN. Afterwards, the bodies of Mussolini, his mistress, and about fifteen other Fascists were taken to Milan where they were displayed to the public. Days later on 2 May 1945, the German Army ("Wehrmacht Heer") in Italy surrendered.
The government of Badoglio remained in being for some nine months. On 9 June 1944 he was replaced as Prime Minister by the 70-year-old anti-fascist leader Ivanoe Bonomi. In June 1945 Bonomi was in turn replaced by Ferruccio Parri, who in turn gave way to Alcide de Gasperi on 4 December 1945. It was de Gasperi who supervised the transition to a Republic following the abdication of Vittorio Emanuele III on 9 May 1946; he briefly became acting Head of State as well as Prime Minister on 18 June 1946, but ceded the former role to Provisional President Enrico de Nicola ten days later.
Italian constitutional referendum (1946).
The aftermath of World War II left Italy with a destroyed economy, a divided society, and anger against the monarchy for its endorsement of the Fascist regime for the previous twenty years. Anger flourished as well over Italy's embarrassment of being occupied by the Germans and then by the Allies.
Even prior to the rise of the Fascists, the monarchy was seen to have performed poorly, with society extremely divided between the wealthy north and poor south. World War I resulted in Italy making few gains and was seen as what fostered the rise of Fascism. These frustrations compacted into a revival of the Italian republican movement.
Following Victor Emmanuel III's abdication as king in 1946, his son, the new king Umberto II, was forced to call a referendum to decide whether Italy should remain a monarchy or become a republic. On 2 June 1946, the republican side won 54% of the vote and Italy officially became a republic.
The table of results shows some relevant differences in the different parts of Italy. The peninsula seemed to be drastically cut in two areas: the North for the republic (with 66.2%), the South for the monarchy (with 63.8%), as if they were two different, respectively homogeneous countries. Some Monarchist groups claimed that there was manipulation by Northern Republicans and Socialists. Others argued that Italy was still too chaotic in 1946 to have an accurate referendum. Regardless, to prevent civil war, Umberto II abdicated the Italian throne, and a new republic was born with bitter resentment by the new government against the House of Savoy. All male members of the Savoy family were barred from entering Italy in 1948, which was only repealed in 2002.
Military structure.
King of Italy – Supreme commander of the Italian Royal Army, Navy, and later Air Force, from 1861 to 1938 and 1943 to 1946.*
transferred to the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister at that time was Benito Mussolini.
First Marshal of the Empire – Supreme commander of the Italian Royal Army, Air Force, Navy, and the Voluntary Militia for National Security from 1938 to 1943 during the Fascist era, held by both Victor Emmanuel III and Benito Mussolini.
Historiography.
Most of the historiographical controversy centers on sharply conflicting interpretations of fascism and the Mussolini regime. The 1920s writers on the left, following the lead of Communist theorist Antonio Gramsci (1891–1937), stressed that fascism was a form of capitalism. The fascist regime controlled the writing and teaching of history through the central "Giunta Centrale per gli Studi Storici" and control of access to the archives and sponsored historians and scholars who were favorable toward it such as philosopher Giovanni Gentile and historians Gioacchino Volpe and Francesco Salata. In October 1932, it sponsored a large Exhibition of the Fascist Revolution, featuring its favored modernist art and asserting its own claims to express the spirit of Roman glory. After the war most historiography was intensely hostile to Mussolini, emphasizing the theme of fascism and totalitarianism. An exception was conservative historian Renzo De Felice (1929–96), whose 6,000 pages of biography (4 vol 1965–97) remains the most exhaustive examination of public and private documents and serves as a basic resource for all scholars. He argued that Mussolini was a revolutionary modernizer in domestic issues but a pragmatist in foreign policy who continued the Realpolitik policies of liberal Italy, 1861–1922. In the 1990s, a cultural turn began with studies that examined the issue of popular reception and acceptance of Fascism using the perspectives of 'aestheticization of politics' and 'sacralisation of politics'. By the 21st century the old "anti-Fascist" postwar consensus was under attack from a group of revisionist scholars who have presented a more favorable and nationalistic assessment of Mussolini's role, both at home and abroad. Controversy rages as there is no consensus among scholars using competing interpretations based on revisionist, anti-Fascist, intentionalist, or culturalist models of history.

</doc>
<doc id="9804244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804244" title="Mallabula, New South Wales">
Mallabula, New South Wales

Mallabula is a primarily residential suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located on the Tilligerry Peninsula between Lemon Tree Passage and Tanilba Bay. The origin of the name may mean "three swamps" in the local Aboriginal language.
Geography.
Mallabula is a low-lying suburb, almost at sea level. It is bisected by Lemon Tree Passage Road, which stretches for the full length of the peninsula, from Salt Ash in the south-west, to Lemon Tree Passage. In the northern part of the suburb is a small subdivision covering on the banks of Tanilba Bay.
The beach consists mainly of sand flats that are exposed at low tide and almost completely covered at high tide preventing the beach from being useful as either a swimming or surfing beach. Near Rookes Point, at the mouth of Tanilba Bay, the land rises to a height of AMSL. At the eastern extremity of this area the land reaches a peak of in a heavily forested area. However, between these two points and throughout the remainder of the suburb the land is generally no more than AMSL and is predominantly sandy.
The land south of Lemon Tree Passage Road is generally uninhabited, occupied only by a handful of homes in a single cul-de-sac and a sewage treatment plant.
Demographics.
At the 2011 census Mallabula had a population of 851. Almost all of the population resides in a small, residential subdivision occupying only 18.5% of the entire suburb. The population density in this area is . The remaining population resides in four homes in a single cul-de-sac south of Tanilba Bay and is accounted for in the ABS population data for that suburb.

</doc>
<doc id="9804275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804275" title="R. v. Khelawon">
R. v. Khelawon

R. v. Khelawon, 2006 SCC 57 is a leading decision by the Supreme Court of Canada on the principled approach to hearsay evidence.
Facts.
Ramnarine Khelawon was accused of aggravated assault, uttering a death threat, assault causing bodily harm, and assault with a weapon. The offences involved five residents of a nursing home, in which Khelawon worked as a registered nurse. Four of the alleged victims died before trial from unrelated causes. The fifth was found incompetent to testify. Two of the deceased complainants, Mr. Skupien and Mr. Dinino, had given videotaped statements to police, concerning the alleged incidents. 
Since the declarants were deceased, the videotaped statements became hearsay, and the issue for the trial judge was whether or not the statements were reliable enough to be admitted.
Courts below.
The trial judge, Grossi J., "...held that the hearsay statements from each of the complainants were sufficiently reliable to be admitted in evidence, based in large part on the 'striking' similarity between them". Khelawon was convicted. 
The Court of Appeal for Ontario allowed Khelawon's appeal. Justice Rosenberg (Justice Armstrong concurring) rejected the statements, while Justice Blair (dissenting) would have admitted the statements and dismissed the appeal. The Crown sought leave to appeal to the SCC to restore Khelawon's convictions. Leave to appeal was allowed in respect of Mr. Skupien's statement, but denied in respect of Mr. Dinino's statement.
Supreme Court of Canada.
Justice Charron delivered the SCC's unanimous decision. The Court held that Mr. Skupien's statement was inadmissible, as it was not sufficiently reliable. In delivering the Court's decision, Justice Charron rendered a major alteration to the threshold reliability branch of the principled approach, effectively overruling this portion of "R. v. Starr". 
In particular, the bar that "Starr" erected on the use of corroborative evidence in the threshold reliability assessment no longer applies. Instead of categorizing reliability factors into discreet, non-mutually exclusive threshold and ultimate stages, courts should now "adopt a more functional approach... and focus on the particular dangers raised by the hearsay evidence sought to be introduced and on those attributes or circumstances relied upon by the proponent to overcome those dangers". In effect, trial judges may now consider evidence going beyond the circumstances under which the statement was made at the threshold reliability stage, which includes corroborative and/or conflicting evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="9804311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804311" title="Somewhere Between">
Somewhere Between

Somewhere Between is the debut studio album by the American country music singer-songwriter Suzy Bogguss, released on March 21, 1989 through Capitol Records. Preceded by the singles "I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart" and "Somewhere Between", the album reached number 41 on the Billboard Top Country Albums during its 37-week chart stay. The album's third single "Cross My Broken Heart" peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs. Following the album's success, Bogguss was named the Academy of Country Music's Top New Female Vocalist.
The album is titled after Merle Haggard's song "Somewhere Between", initially released in 1967 on the album "Branded Man".
Background and recording.
The songs "Hopeless Romantic", "I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart" and "Somewhere Between" predate the LP by some years. "Hopeless Romantic" was a song written by Doug Crider, which Bogguss produced and recorded in her demo tape while working as singer at the Dollywood theme park. After Bogguss met Crider, the two eventually married in November 1986. When Wendy Waldman was advanced by Capitol Records as a possible producer, Bogguss found that it was "hard to be totally objective." Although Bogguss was impressed with several male producers who were considered, she decided on having Waldman as producer. Upon discovering a record of "I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart", Bogguss learned the song's yodel by working on it repeatedly until she eventually imitated it.
Promotional video.
The only music video made to promote the album was the titular song, "Somewhere Between". Directed by Armanda Costanza and released in 1988, the video opens with a solo performance by Suzy Bogguss on her instrument at SyncroSound Studios (now known as 615 Music Studios), where the album was recorded. The performance fades to Bogguss leaving a car belonging to her boyfriend and walking alone dejectedly before returning to the solo performance. Next, it fades into Bogguss spending time in the park with her dog as well as her boyfriend, portrayed by Billy Dean, before returning again to the solo performance for the second chorus. During the instrumental break, Bogguss watches her boyfriend leave in his car before fading back to the performance again for the second verse. Bogguss and her boyfriend take photos of themselves in the park, followed by Bogguss singing by herself. The scene reverts to the solo performance once again for the finale. In the closing seconds of the video, the studio's engineer finishes recording and gives positive comments on her performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9804340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804340" title="Wu Qunli">
Wu Qunli

Wu Qunli () is a Chinese football coach and former international midfield player. As a player he was predominantly remembered for his time at Guangzhou FC and Hong Kong First Division League side South China, while internationally he also represented his country in the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 AFC Asian Cup. Since retiring he would move into management where he returned to Guangzhou FC as an assistant before becoming their manager for a short spell.
Biography.
Wu Qunli was born in the Baiyun District within Guangzhou and would join second tier football club Guangzhou FC within the 1983 league season. He would soon see his club win promotion to the top tier at the end of the 1984 league season, via the Chinese FA Cup. The following season would see him called up to the Chinese national team for the first time where he would become a regular before playing with the senior team in the 1988 Summer Olympics. By the 1990 league season Guangzhou FC were in the second tier, however Wu made sure this was short lived and aided the club to a runners-up position and promotion back up to the top tier, this wouldn't go unnoticed and he personally won the Chinese footballer of the year award. By now Wu had become a vital member for his club and country and go on to lead China into the 1992 AFC Asian Cup where they came third.
With another Chinese footballer of the year award won at the end of the 1993 league season Wu would leave Guangzhou FC and join Hong Kong First Division League side South China in 1994. He would immediately make an impression within the team when he won the Hong Kong Viceroy Cup at the end of the 1993–94 league season. He would then be given the nickname of "Golden Left Foot" for he saved the team many times by scoring some great goals using his left foot. A Hong Kong Senior Shield and Hong Kong FA Cup at the end of the 1995-96 league season followed despite Wu missing six mouths out after an injury sustained on March 9, 1996. With Wu winning the Hong Kong First Division League title at the end of the 1996–97 league season Wu would soon move to Golden and then Tung Po before he retired.
Honours.
Club.
South China AA

</doc>
<doc id="9804363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804363" title="Hepsetus odoe">
Hepsetus odoe

Hepsetus odoe is a predatory freshwater fish belonging to the family Hepsetidae. It is an elongated fish with a pike-like body. This species can reach up to about in length and in weight. It was formerly believed to the only species in the genus and widespread in sub-Saharan Africa, but studies in 2011-2013 have found that there are several species, and the true "H. odoe" is restricted to West Africa from the Senegal River, Senegal, to the Cavally River, Ivory Coast (species elsewhere are now recognized as separate; "H. cuvieri", "H. kingsleyae", "H. lineata" and "H. occidentalis").
The species prefers quiet and deep water, and may only live about five years. They spawn in the summer, and are oviparous, and lay their eggs in a nest of floating foam, which they then guard. Fry and juveniles inhabit well-vegetated marginal habitats.
The Kafue pike is a gamefish. It also, on occasion, is found as an aquarium fish, though its large size and piscivorous nature make it unsuitable for most aquarists.

</doc>
<doc id="9804366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804366" title="Hepsetus">
Hepsetus

Hepsetus is a genus of African fishes, the African pikes, in the characin order, Characiformes. It is the sole genus in the family Hepsetidae. It was long believed that only a single widespread species existed, "H. odoe", but studies in 2011-2013 have shown that this species is restricted to Upper Guinea in West Africa. The well-known species of southern Africa, including Kafue River, is "Hepsetus cuvieri".
Species.
Traditionally, only "H. odoe" was recognized. The following species are now recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="9804395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804395" title="Taylors Beach, New South Wales">
Taylors Beach, New South Wales

Taylors Beach is a suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is largely undeveloped except for some commercial and light industrial developments in the southern part of the suburb, except for some big-box stores which include a Bunnings Warehouse, Supercheap Auto and a Boating Camping and Fishing. The largest population centre is at Taylors Beach itself, in the western part of the suburb, adjacent to Tilligerry Creek and Port Stephens. At the 2011 census Taylors Beach had a population of 99.

</doc>
<doc id="9804403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804403" title="Michael K. Winder">
Michael K. Winder

Michael Kent Winder (Born January 27, 1976 in Salt Lake City, Utah); is an American businessman, author, and politician. He was the mayor of Utah's second-largest city, West Valley City between 2010 and 2014 and was a Republican Party (GOP) candidate for Salt Lake County mayor to replace Peter Corroon.
Education and family.
Winder graduated first in his class from Taylorsville High School, where he was student body president and the state Sterling Scholar in Social Science.
He holds a Masters in Business Administration and a B.A. degree in History from the University of Utah. He has also completed executive leadership programs with the Walt Disney Institute of Management and at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Winder is married to the former Karyn Hermansen, a native of West Valley City and a piano teacher. They have two daughters and two sons. His elder sister Aimee Winder Newton was elected to the Salt Lake County Council in January 2014, becoming the first female Republican to serve on that council.
Business career.
As a businessman, Winder is president and CEO of Neptune Strategies, a marketing and development firm. He was director of public affairs for The Summit Group Communications from 2009-2011. From 2004-2009 he was vice president of marketing for Winder Farms, part of the sixth generation to be involved in the business and helping to transition Utah's oldest milkman into one of the nation's fastest-growing online grocers. 
Winder was Business Development Manager for West Valley City from 2000-2004, during which time he also chaired the Chamber West Economic Development Committee, was a founder of the Granger Crossings Business Improvement District, and was named as one of "40 Rising Stars Under 40" by "Utah Business" magazine.
Political career.
Winder has served as a member of the State and Salt Lake County Republican Party Executive Committees, deputy campaign manager for Congressman James V. Hansen, and chair of the Research and Policy Committee for the Jon Huntsman, Jr. for Governor campaign. He is the founder of the GenX GOP Network.
He was elected to an at-large seat on the West Valley City Council in November 2005 with 71% of the vote over 12-year incumbent Barbara Thomas. 
He was elected to be the seventh mayor of West Valley City, Utah, on November 3, 2009 with 76% of the vote over opponent Kevin Fayles. As mayor, he has helped oversee the economic turnaround of the city, including the revitalization of Valley Fair Mall. 
In 2010, other local officials from around the state elected Winder president of the Utah League of Cities and Towns. "Salt Lake City Weekly" honored him in their "Best of Utah 2011" edition and he was named Utah's "Best of State Mayor" in 2011.
At 29, he was the youngest council person in city history, and when sworn in on January 4, 2010, at age 33, he became the youngest mayor in city history.
In 2012, Winder and former county council member Mark Crockett emerged from the Salt Lake County Republican Convention field of six to face off for the GOP nomination for county mayor. Crockett narrowly defeated Winder in the GOP primary election, 50.7% to 49.3%.
Author and historian.
An historian, he is the author of ten published books on Utah and LDS history, including "Presidents and Prophets: The Story of America's Presidents and the LDS Church". In 2005 Winder was appointed by Governor Jon Huntsman, Jr. to a four-year term on the Utah Board of State History, and reappointed in 2009. 
Winder presented an academic paper as part of the Abraham Lincoln Sesquicentennial in 2009 and was published in the Journal of the Theodore Roosevelt Association in 2011. As mayor in 2012, he also authored the first photographic history of West Valley City for Arcadia Publishing.
Controversy.
Winder wrote articles for the "Deseret News" and KSL.com (the website for KSL-TV) using the citizen-journalist program Deseret Connect, on West Valley City, under the assumed name of Richard Burwash. The name was made up and inspired by his ancestor Richard Winder that lived in Burwash, Sussex, England in the 1500s. Winder quoted himself in the articles and used a photo of a real person, Peter Burwash, a former professional tennis player in his internal profile at the "Deseret News". Winder said he wrote the articles because, "he was frustrated that the newspaper had drastically reduced its city government coverage after layoffs last year but not its crime coverage and wanted to try to restore balance." As a result of his confession, Winder accepted a reprimand by the West Valley City Council, resigned from his job with a public relations firm, and issued a public apology to his constituents.

</doc>
<doc id="9804406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804406" title="Percy Ellsworth">
Percy Ellsworth

Percy Daniel Ellsworth III (born October 19, 1974 in Drewryville, Virginia) is an American football safety in the National Football League for the New York Giants and the Cleveland Browns. Ellsworth joined the Giants as an undrafted free agent in 1996 after playing college football at the University of Virginia. He was teammates with Tiki Barber at both Virginia and with the Giants. Ellsworth attended Southampton High School in Courtland, Virginia, where he was a Super Prep All-American as a senior. He was the NFC Defensive Player of the Week for week 16 of the 1998 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="9804448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804448" title="Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Technology">
Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Technology

Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Technology (BVIT) is an polytechnic college in Navi Mumbai. It is located in CBD Belapur, but closer to Kharghar being situated opposite to the Kharghar railway station. The educational institution is affilitated to MSBTE. It offers Diploma courses of three years duration based on the semester pattern in various fields to students who have passed SSC or HSC.

</doc>
<doc id="9804471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804471" title="Pentecostarion">
Pentecostarion

The Pentecostarion (Greek: Πεντηκοστάριον, "Pentekostárion"; Slavonic: Цвѣтнаѧ Трїωдь, "Tsvyetnaya Triod' ", literally "Flowery Triodon"; ) is the liturgical book used by the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Churches which follow the Byzantine Rite during the Paschal Season which extends from Pascha (Easter) to the Sunday following All Saints Sunday (i.e., the Second Sunday After Pentecost). 
The name means the Book of the "Fifty Days", referring to the period of time from Pascha to Pentecost. In Greek, it is also sometimes called the "Joyful Pentecostarion" (Πεντηκοστάριον χαρμόσυνον, "Pentekostárion Charmósynon"). In English, it is sometimes called the "Paschal Triodion". The name "Pentecostarion" is also applied to the liturgical season covered by the book.
The Pentecostarion is part of the Paschal cycle or "Moveable Cycle" of the ecclesiastical year. This cycle is dependent upon the date of Pascha and continued throughout the coming year until the next Pascha.
Pascha (Easter) is the most important feast of the entire year, outranking by far all others. Each week of the Pentecostarion is named after the Gospel lesson which is read on the Sunday which begins it; for instance, the week that follows Thomas Sunday is referred to as Thomas Week. During the liturgical season of the Pentecostarion, the Gospel of John is read in full, as is the Acts of the Apostles. Both of these books were chosen because of their instructive content. Pascha (Easter) is the traditional time for baptizing new converts to the faith. So, just as Great Lent, with its liturgical book, the Triodion, was the final period of preparation for the catechumens before their baptism, so the time of the Pentecostarion is the time of initiation into the Sacred Mysteries of the Christian religion for the "Newly Illumined" (i.e., the newly baptized). 
The two Sacred Mysteries of baptism and chrismation are reflected in the two feasts which mark the beginning and ending points of the Pentecostarion: Pascha and Pentecost. Baptism is naturally tied to the Resurrection, according to the Apostle Paul (, , ). Chrismation, the reception of the Gifts of the Holy Spirit is naturally reflected in Pentecost. Because of this, the imagery of water figures prominently in the hymns of the "Pentecostarion".
The services of the Pentecostarion begin during the Paschal Vigil starting at the stroke of midnight on Easter Sunday. The service for Pascha is radically different from the services of any other time of the year. Throughout the course of the Pentecostarion, they gradually return to normal (see Canonical hours and Divine Liturgy).
Afterfeast of Pascha.
The Afterfeast of Pascha lasts for 40 days, beginning on the Sunday of Pascha and concluding with the Apodosis ("leave-taking") of Pascha on the day before the Ascension of the Lord.
Bright Week.
The seven days beginning on the Sunday of Pascha are referred to as "Bright Week" or "Renewal Week". On these days the services are completely different that the rest of the year. Everything is chanted rather than being simply read. Most of the services are much shorter than usual. Even the Divine Liturgy, which normally has little variation in it, has a number of changes which are particular to the Paschal celebration. The Little Hours are chanted in a special format known as the Paschal Hours. The reading of the Psalter, which normally forms a major portion of all of the Daily Offices, is completely omitted. 
In the temple (church building), the Holy Doors on the iconostasis are left open for the entire week, symbolizing the open Tomb of Christ, and the Epitaphion (shroud) is visible on the Holy Table (altar), representing the burial cloths () which, according to Christian tradition, bore witness to the Resurrection of Jesus.
The Paschal Artos (Greek: Áρτος, "leavened loaf") is a loaf of risen bread bearing an icon of the Resurrection on it, which is blessed near the end the Paschal Vigil. It is then is placed either near the Icon of Christ on the iconostasis or in the nave of the church. The Artos represents the physical presence of Jesus after his Resurrection, and is venerated by the faithful when they enter or leave the temple as a way of greeting the Resurrected Christ.
At the end of either Matins or the Divine Liturgy, there is often a crucession (procession headed by the cross), during which the Paschal Canon is chanted, and the priest blesses with holy water.
Unique to Vespers and Matins during Bright Week is the use of the singing of the verse of Psalm 67 responsorially with the Paschal Troparion in place of the usual Psalm 104 at Vespers and the Hexapsalms at Matins. 
Only on Bright Friday are the Paschal hymns joined to another commemoration, that of the icon of the Theotokos, "Life-giving Spring". On all of the other days of Bright Week, only the Resurrection may be celebrated. Exceptions are made for the feast day of a local patron saint, or for important feast days such as Saint George, which may be combined with the paschal celebration.
If it becomes necessary to celebrate a funeral during Bright Week, even this service is radically different, and follows for the most part the format for Paschal Matins, with only a few funeral hymns being chanted.
Thomas Sunday.
The Sunday which follows Pascha (the Second Sunday "of" Pascha) is called "Thomas Sunday", because it recounts the appearance of Jesus to the Apostle Thomas eight days after his resurrection (). 
Thomas Sunday is also called "Antipascha" (literally, "in the place of Pascha") because those who for honorable reason were not able to attend the Paschal Vigil, may attend services on this day instead. Pascha is a unique feast in the church year; being the "Feast of Feasts" it follows a format unlike any other day. Those liturgical elements normal to a Great Feast of the Lord which were displaced by Pascha's unique elements are instead chanted on Thomas Sunday.
Radonitza.
Radonitza (Russian: "Day of Rejoicing"), is a day of commemoration of the departed. Because the celebration of any memorial service for the departed is forbidden from Holy Thursday through Thomas Sunday, a popular tradition has arisen of visiting the graves of departed loved ones and chanting memorial servcies on the first day this is permitted. There are no special hymns appointed in the Pentecostarion for Radonitza, and nothing different is done in the Daily Office. However, after the Divine Liturgy, it is customary for the faithful to visit cemeteries and serve memorial services, and to give alms in the name of the departed. It is not unusual for families to bring a picnic with them to the cemeteries, which would include paschal foods, especially Easter eggs. Some people leave Easter eggs on the graves of their beloved departed as a way of giving the Paschal greeting to the departed, and as a sign of their belief in the resurrection of the dead.
Sunday of the Myrrhbearers.
The Third Sunday of Pascha is dedicated to the 'Myrrhbearing Women' (the Theotokos, Mary Magdalene, and the other women who brought spices to the Tomb of Jesus) and also to Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, who cared for the burial of Jesus after his crucifixion. 
The placement of this feast is based upon the idea of the synaxis, wherein secondary persons directly involved in the events celebrated in one of the feasts are celebrated on the day after. However, since Bright Week is devoted exclusively to the celebration of the Resurrection, and Thomas Sunday falls logically on the eighth day of the Resurrection (according to its biblical source), this day becomes the first Sunday on which these persons can be commemorated.
Sunday of the Paralytic.
The Sunday of the Paralytic is the Fourth Sunday of Pascha, and recalls Jesus' healing of the Paralytic, as recounted in the Gospel reading for the day: . The theme for this Sunday is the man who lay by the Sheep's Pool in Jerusalem for thirty-eight years. The first one to enter the pool after an angel troubled the water would be healed of his infirmities; but because the man was paralyzed, someone else always entered the pool before him. According to the Gospel account, Jesus had pity on the man, seeing he had no one to put him into the pool, and healed him. 
The Kontakion for this day asks Christ to raise up the souls of the faithful, "paralyzed by sins and thoughtless acts." The underlying symbolism of the feast is that mankind, being unable to raise itself from the fall by its own will or power, needed "some man" (i.e., the Son of Man, the Messiah) to come and raise it up. 
The feast of the Paralytic is unusual in the Pentecostarion in that it does not last a full week, but ends on the day before Mid-Pentecost.
Mid-Pentecost.
The Wednesday following the Sunday of the Paralytic is the Feast of Mid-Pentecost This is a "feast within a feast", and propers of the Resurrection are combined with propers for Mid-Pentecost. The hymns of the feast speak of it drawing together the themes of Pascha and Ascension. The Apodosis (leave-taking) of Mid-Pentecost comes one week later, on the following Wednesday.
Sunday of the Samaritan Woman.
The Sunday of the Samaritan Woman is the Fifth Sunday of Pascha, commemorating the Woman by the well, (traditionally known as Photina in Greek or Svetlana in Russian), as recounted in the Gospel reading for the day: . Like the Paralytic, the Samaritan Woman is commemorated only on Sunday and half the week (in this case, the second half), the first half of the week being dedicated to the afterfeast of Mid-Pentecost.
Sunday of the Blind Man.
The Sixth Sunday of Pascha is the Sunday of the Blind Man, commemorating Jesus' healing of the man born blind (), recounted in the Gospel lesson for this day's Divine Liturgy.
The Pentecostarion's theme of water is continued by the fact that Jesus sent the man to wash the clay from his eyes in the Pool of Siloam (the name 'Siloam' is interpreted as "sent", implying that the blind man's cure was bestowed for his obedience to Jesus).
The miracle of the blind man (traditionally named Celidonius) is remarkable in two respects: firstly, that although there are other accounts in both the Old Testament and the New of the blind having their sight restored, this is the only time someone "born" blind was given sight for the first time. Although the biblical text does not explicitly say so, the hymns in the Pentecostarion follow the traditional interpretation that not only was this man born without sight, he was born even without eyes. Jesus' act of making clay is an act of creation (creating eyes where none were before), a repetition of the first act of the creation of man in . This indicates the traditional Christian teaching that in the act of salvation Jesus makes his disciples a "new creation" ().
The second remarkable aspect of the miracle is that not only did Jesus give the man physical sight, but he bestowed upon him spiritual sight as well. In the blind man's dialogue with the Pharisees, he holds his own in the dispute, engaging in reasoned theological discourse as though he were educated.
These three Sundays of the Paralytic, of the Samaritian Woman and of the Blind Man are characterized by their reference to the Sacrament of Baptism, each illustrating a different dimension or aspect of the Sacrament.
Apodosis of Pascha.
The Week of the Blindman is the last week in the Afterfeast of Pascha, and the Apodosis of Pascha is the final day of the Paschal celebration. There are currently two different practices with regard to the celebration of the Apodosis of Pascha. According to the older practice, hymns of the Resurrection are chanted together with those for the Aposdosis of the Blind Man on Wednesday. According to the more modern practice in the Greek Orthodox Church (those following the "Typicon of the Great Church") the Apodosis of the Blind Man is chanted on Tuesday, while all of the services of Wednesday (Vespers on Tuesday evening; Matins, Little Hours and Divine Liturgy on Wednesday morning) are chanted in the special Paschal form that was used during Bright Week.
Ascension.
The Great Feast of the Ascension falls on the 40th day after Pascha (inclusive), always on a Thursday. The feast is celebrated with an All-Night Vigil starting on Wednesday evening. The Epitaphion (shroud), which had been on the Holy Table since the Paschal Vigil, is removed before the beginning of this service as an indication that the Ascension marked the end of Jesus' physical presence with his disciples after the Resurrection. The Afterfeast of Ascension lasts for eight days until the Apodosis on the following Friday.
Sunday of the Holy Fathers.
The Seventh Sunday of Pascha commemorates the Holy Fathers of the First Ecumenical Council (325 AD). This Sunday falls during the Afterfeast of the Ascension. In addition to defending Christianity against Arianism, the Council also passed a number of canons concerning church discipline, including setting the date for the celebration of Pascha. By decision of the Council, Pascha should not be celebrated by Christians on the same day with the Jewish Passover, but on the first Sunday after the first full moon of the vernal equinox (which occurred on March 22 in 325). The First Ecumenical Council is also commemorated on May 29 (for those churches which follow the traditional Julian Calendar, May 29 currently falls on June 11 of the modern Gregorian Calendar).
The hymns and readings in the Pentecostarion are very rich in drawing out relevant symbolism from biblical texts. The Epistle for the Divine Liturgy is from and . The Gospel is from .
Saturday of the Dead.
The Seventh Saturday of Pascha, the day before Pentecost, is a Saturday of the Dead, on which the church commemorates all of the faithful departed "who in ages past have reposed in a godly manner, in hope of the resurrection of eternal life." Two Epistles (, ) and two Gospels (, ) are appointed to be read at the Divine Liturgy. On this day, the readings from Acts and the Gospel of St. John, which began on Pascha, are concluded. Traditionally, St. John Chrysostom's homily "On Patience and Gratitude" is appointed to be read in church (the same homily is also appointed for funerals).
Since the Apodosis of the Ascension fell on the previous day, there are no hymns appointed for this day which speak of either the Ascension or of Pentecost. Instead, the hymns are devoted to prayer for the dead. The prokeimenon at Vespers and God is the Lord at Matins are replaced by Alleluia, and a number of structural changes are made to the services following the pattern of the Saturdays of the Dead which fall during Great Lent. A general Panikhida (memorial service) is served either after Vespers or after the Divine Liturgy, and the Ektenia (litany) for the Departed is chanted at the Liturgy.
Pentecost.
Pentecost is the second most important feast of the church year, second in importance only to Pascha itself. The Great Feast lasts for seven days, with its Apodosis falling on the following Saturday.
It is celebrated with an All-Night Vigil on the Eve of the Feast and Divine Liturgy on the day of the Feast. An extraordinary service called the Kneeling Prayer, is served on the night of Pentecost. This is a Vespers service to which are added three sets of long poetical prayers, the composition of Saint Basil the Great, during which everyone makes a full prostration, touching their foreheads to the floor (prostrations in church having been forbidden from the day of Pascha up to this point). 
The churches are decorated with greenery, and among the Russians the clergy and faithful carry flowers and green branches in their hands during the services. Pentecost is a traditional time for baptisms. The week prior to the feast is known as "green week", during which all manner of plants and herbs are gathered. The Sunday of Pentecost is called "Trinity Sunday," the next day is called "Monday of the Holy Spirit", and Tuesday of Pentecost week is called the "Third Day of the Trinity." The whole week following Pentecost is an important ecclesiastical feast, and is a fast-free week, during which meat and dairy products may be eaten, even on Wednesday and Friday. 
Theologically, the Orthodox do not consider Pentecost to be the "birthday" of the Church; they see the Church as having existed before the creation of the world (cf. "The Shepherd of Hermas"). The Orthodox icon of the feast depicts the Twelve Apostles seated in a semicircle (sometimes the Theotokos (Virgin Mary) is shown sitting in the center of them). At the top of the icon, the Holy Spirit, in the form of tongues of fire, is descending upon them. At the bottom is an allegorical figure, called "Kosmos", which symbolizes the world. Although Kosmos is crowned with glory he sits in the darkness caused by the ignorance of God. He is holding a towel on which have been placed 12 scrolls, representing the teaching of the Twelve Apostles.
Spirit Monday.
Holy Spirit
Third Day of the Holy Trinity.
Trinity
All Saints Sunday.
The First Sunday After Pentecost is dedicated to the commemoration of All Saints.
The next day (Monday) is the beginning of the Apostles' Fast. This is a unique fast in that it is of variable duration, beginning on the moveable calendar, but ending on the fixed calendar feast day of the Apostles Peter and Paul on June 29 (for those churches which follow the Julian Calendar June 29 falls on July 12 of the modern Gregorian Calendar). While all of the Orthodox Churches celebrate Pascha on the same day (with the exception of the Finnish Orthodox Church, which follows the Western Paschalion), some churches follow the traditional Julian Calendar ("Old Calendar") and some follow the Revised Julian Calendar ("New Calendar") which uses the modern Gregorian Calendar to calculate their fixed feasts. Since there is currently a difference of thirteen days between the two calendars, the Apostles' Fast will be almost two weeks shorter for New Calendar churches, or in some years non-existent.
All Saints of Local Church.
All-Saints of Local Commemoration. This will differ from one national church to another. For instance, in Romania, the commemoration will be "All Saints of Romania", on Mount Athos the commemoration will be "All Saints of the Holy Mountain", etc. In the Orthodox Church of America, the commemoration is "All Saints of America".
Different traditions.
In the edition of the Pentecostarion used by the Old Believers and those who follow the Ruthenian recension, the contents of the Pentecostarion begin with the service of Palm Sunday and contain the services of Holy Week.

</doc>
<doc id="9804474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804474" title="Omon Ra">
Omon Ra

Omon Ra () is a short novel by the modern Russian writer Victor Pelevin, published in 1992 by the Tekst Publishing House in Moscow. It was the first novel by Pelevin, who until then was known for his very short stories.
Pelevin traces the absurd fate of the fictional protagonist, named Omon by his policeman father (after OMON, Soviet and Russian special police forces, pronounced "Amon"), placing him in circumstances both completely fantastic and at the same time very recognizable in everyday detail. Pelevin uses this story to illustrate the underlying absurdity of the Soviet establishment with its fixation on "heroic achievements" in those fields of human endeavor which could be most favorably presented to the outside world—science, the military, but most significantly space exploration.
Plot summary.
The book is narrated in the first person, in the manner of a coming-of-age story, or "Bildungsroman". The protagonist, tracing his life from early childhood, is Omon Krivomazov, born in Moscow in the post-World War II years. In his teenage years, the realization strikes him that he must break free of Earth's gravity to free himself of the demands of the Soviet society and the rigid ideological confines of the state. After finishing high school, he immediately enrolls in a military academy. Omon soon finds that the academy does not, in fact, create future pilots, but instead exposes cadets to a series of treacherous trials, beginning with the amputation of both of their feet, so they can manifest Soviet heroism. This military school peculiarities are coming as a reference to a famous Soviet ace-pilot Alexey Maresyev, who despite being badly injured in a plane crash after a dogfight, managed to return to the Soviet-controlled territory on his own. During his 18-day-long journey, his injuries deteriorated so badly that both of his legs had to be amputated below the knee. Desperate to return to his fighter pilot career, he subjected himself to nearly a year of exercise to master the control of his prosthetic devices, and succeeded at that, returning to flying in June 1943.
In the book, before such intentional "amputation" happens, though, Omon and his friend are whisked out of the academy into a top-secret installation under KGB headquarters in Moscow, where they start preparing for an "unmanned" mission to the Moon—he is told that to substitute for researching, building and launching an automated probe, the Party prefers people, trained for "heroism", to fulfill the tasks nominally performed by machines, such as rocket stage separation, space vehicle course correction and so on.
Soon Omon indeed seems to be launched to the Moon, strapped into a seat inside a Lunokhod, which he is meant to drive like a bicycle on the lunar surface, as the last piece in the space mission puzzle, in order to deliver a radio beacon to a specific point and activate it. This he does, even though his protection against the vacuum and the interstellar cold, once he leaves the confines of the hermetically sealed Lunokhod, consists of a cotton-filled overcoat and "special hydrocompensatory tampons" stuffed up his nose. However, when it comes the time for him to shoot himself after placing the beacon, as ordered, the gun he was given for that purpose misfires, and he finds himself not on the Moon at all, but in an abandoned subway tunnel, where he had been driving his Lunokhod all along, carefully ignoring all signs which might have given him a clue as to his real whereabouts. He tries to escape, is given chase, but manages to find his way into the "normal" world again, coming up into one of the stations of the Moscow Metro.
One of Omon's "teachers" explains the idea behind the charade. The idea is that even if the fact that the Soviet Union is a champion of peaceful space exploration holds true only inside a person's head (namely, the hero's; no one knows of him or his mission apart from its organizers), this is not much different from it being the reality. The reality, when it concerns subjects not capable of being experienced, is in fact only a perception formed in people's consciousness, and can be manipulated to the extent that the question of "true" version of events becomes meaningless (this idea juxtaposes with the conspiracy theories concerning the moon landing by the United States astronauts, even though the latter is never mentioned in the novel).
The book met with a significant success in the early post-Soviet cultural landscape and continues to be reprinted with the later works by Pelevin.
Explanation of the novel's title.
The title, "Omon Ra", refers to the main character's given and chosen names. Omon's name is a generic term for the Russian police force, and was given to him by his father in hopes that it would drive him down that career path. Ra is an allusion to an Egyptian Sun god, whose body is human and whose head is that of a falcon. Omon bestowed this surname upon himself to reflect his aspirations. Together these names demonstrate the connection between Omon's dream of flight and the necessity of having to go through the Russian military to achieve it.
Major Themes.
Coming of Age-Throughout much of the novel, Pelevin establishes space travel as a metaphor for maturation and heroism as one for responsibility. In the beginning of the novel, Omon straddles the boundary between childhood and adulthood. He yearns to become a cosmonaut and a hero; however, when he believes that he has the opportunity to do so, he realizes that heroism is nothing but a glorified illusion. Although children believe that the world holds an infinite number of opportunities for adults, they eventually learn that the responsibility adults have is extremely constraining rather than liberating.
Adaptations.
Marcel Dorney's theatrical adaptation of "Omon Ra" was performed by the Restaged Histories Project in Brisbane, Australia in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9804476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804476" title="Itching powder">
Itching powder

Itching powder refers to a group of powders or powder-like substances that induce itching when applied onto human skin. This is usually done as a practical joke or prank to an unsuspecting victim.
The cause of the irritation can be mechanical, such as products containing ground rose hips. In other cases, the irritant causes contact dermatitis. For instance, a proteolytic enzyme in okra can cause irritation and lesions. Another common ingredient is "Mucuna pruriens".

</doc>
<doc id="9804485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804485" title="Sahara Cup">
Sahara Cup

The Sahara Cup was a bilateral ODI cricket series between Pakistan and India, which was held annually in Canada. It was staged from 1996 to 1998 at the Toronto Cricket, Skating and Curling Club Ground. The series consisted of 5 ODIs, and all the matches were played in daylight.
Pakistan won the first series 3-2,in 1996. India won 4-1 in 1997. Pakistan again won 4-1 in 1998. A total of 15 matches were played over a span of 3 years. Pakistan have been more successful amongst the two, with a total of 8 victories. India have 7 victories.
The series was a five year agreement by both, the PCB and the BCCI, with the International Management Group (IMG). Trans World International (TWI) and ESPN had the telecast rights. The series had gained good popularity in the cricketing arena, just like the Sharjah cup, where two arch rivals met at a neutral venue. However,the series was later called off after Sahara India, the sponsors, pulled out in the wake of the Pakistani intrusion in Kashmir in 1999. The diplomatic relations between the two countries considerably worsened during the Kargil war in 1999, and further, India suspended all cricketing ties with Pakistan from 2000, until 2004.
Following, is a brief summary of the match results.
Season 1 (1996)
Season 2 (1997)
Season 3 (1998)
In season 2, 1997, India won the series 4-1. Indian players were awarded all the Man of the Match in all 5 five matches. Ajay Jadeja won the Man of the Match for his quick fire 49 in 1st match. Sourav Ganguly won all the remaining 4 Man of the Match awards for his all round performances at that time 

</doc>
<doc id="9804486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804486" title="Rune Factory">
Rune Factory

Common gameplay elements.
The gameplay of the "Rune Factory" series is similar to that of "Harvest Moon". For every ten seconds, ten in-game minutes pass. The player can grow crops, using upgradeable farm equipment. However, the "Harvest Moon" game mechanic of purchasing animals has been replaced by defeating and befriending monsters in dungeons. If a monster is tamed, they help the player in battle, produce goods, or help to tend the crops. The game's combat is in the action role-playing game style.
Like most "Harvest Moon" games, the player is given a limited amount of stamina, in the form of "Rune Points", or "RP". Rune Points get depleted as the player performs tasks at the farm or fights using a weapon or magic. The player is given hit points as well. The player can attack with no RP by sacrificing HP. The player can replenish RP by using Runes created by fully-grown crops or potions, while HP can be restored using medicine or healing spells. The town bathhouse restores both HP and RP. If the player runs out of HP while working on their farm, they will collapse and be rescued; however, in Rune Factory and Rune Factory 2, dying outside the town causes game over. In all other games, the player will not die while fighting in the caves or ruins.
Crops can be planted in different areas to sell for gold; other activities include mining for metal and minerals, fishing, or collecting food such as milk and eggs from befriended monsters. The player can then spend money and material to buy a variety of upgrades for their house, weapons, and tools.
In addition to their open-ended gameplay, the games possess a linear storyline, which can be furthered by exploring dungeons and defeating certain monsters. Just like in the Harvest Moon series, the main character's relationship with the other villagers increase by talking to them or performing actions that please them, like giving items they like as presents for example, and some of them can even be asked in marriage if their relationship improves enough. Some games of the series requires the protagonist to get married as part of its storyline.
Development.
According to Marvelous's managing director and Harvest Moon's creator, Yasuhiro Wada, ' does not borrow the "Harvest Moon" name for the Japanese release. This was done in order to grow "Rune Factory" as an independent series and Marvelous will continue to do this with all future installments including "Rune Factory Frontier". Despite this, Natsume applied the subtitle "A Fantasy Harvest Moon" to "Rune Factory 2" and '.
"Rune Factory Frontier" was announced during an interview between Cubed3 and Yasuhiro Wada on June 6, 2007, and was fully revealed on June 4, 2008 in the Japanese magazine Famitsu. On July 11, 2008, Marvelous Entertainment USA and Xseed Games announced that they were both bringing "Rune Factory Frontier" to North America. , "Rune Factory Frontier" has been the only game in the "Rune Factory" series not to be brought to North America by Natsume.
Rune Factory 5 is expected at "some point in time", according to Rune Factory producer Yoshifumi Hashimoto. However, in November 2013, Neverland Co. filed for bankruptcy, leaving the future of the series in question.
Media.
"Rune Factory 2" has had multiple manga series to help promote the game, in such magazines as Dengeki Nintendo DS, Monthly Wings, Dragon Age, and Dengeki Maoh. If players pre-ordered the game in Japan, they would receive a free CD with three mini-dramas as well as an 18-page art book. Sometime after the release of the game in Japan, a CD with all the background music, three mini-dramas, and the two theme songs was released with a novel based on the game following sometime after. The American pre-order bonus was a plush Chipp—a monster in the series similar in appearance to a squirrel—that was included in the box when ordered from participating websites.
Reception.
The "Rune Factory" series has been well received.
"Rune Factory: A Fantasy Harvest Moon" received an 8.4 rating from IGN's Mark Bozon. Bozon commented that the art style was "amazing", and that it was "the "Harvest Moon" you've been waiting for". 91/100 from Gamebrink, 7.0/10 from "Nintendo Power", and 4/5 from X-Play.
IGN rated "Rune Factory 2: A Fantasy Harvest Moon" at 8.4/10, commenting on its similarity to the original, and Game Rankings has given it an aggregated score of 80.58%.

</doc>
<doc id="9804529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804529" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jacmel">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jacmel

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jacmel (), erected 25 February 1988, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
The diocese began with ten priests, and in 2007 had over fifty. Some have been sent as missionaries to such places as Brazil and Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="9804533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804533" title="Ylitornio railway station">
Ylitornio railway station

Ylitornio railway station is located in the municipality of Ylitornio in the Lapland Province of Finland. It is located about north from Tornio railway station. The station only serves passenger traffic; most trains are hauled by VR Class Dr16 locomotives. Ylitornio railway station was opened in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="9804535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804535" title="Toledot Yeshu">
Toledot Yeshu

Sefer Toledot Yeshu or "Toledoth Jeschu" (ספר תולדות ישו, "The Book of the History of Jesus", or "Generations of Jesus", or "Life of Jesus") is a medieval “anti-gospel” or parody of the Christian gospel. It exists in a number of different versions, none of which are considered either canonical or normative within rabbinic literature, 
but which appear to have been widely circulated in Europe and the Middle East in the medieval period 
(though some scholars disagree with this claim).
The stories claim that Jesus was an illegitimate child, and that he practiced magic and heresy, seduced women, and died a shameful death.
But they also show a paradoxical respect for Jesus. As Joseph Dan notes in the "Encyclopedia Judaica", "The narrative in all versions treats Jesus as an exceptional person who from his youth demonstrated unusual wit and wisdom, but disrespect toward his elders and the sages of his age." 
Robert Van Voorst calls the Toledot a record of popular polemic "run wild".
The Toledot’s portrayal of the Christian divinity has provided material for anti-Semitic polemics.
Due probably to its offensive nature, both Jewish and Christian scholars in modern times have paid little attention to the Toledot. The opinion of Father Edward H. Flannery is representative:
This scurrilous fable of the life of Jesus is a medieval work, probably written down in the tenth century. ... Though its contents enjoyed a certain currency in the oral traditions of the Jewish masses, it was almost totally ignored by official or scholarly Judaism. Anti-Semites have not failed to employ it as an illustration of the blasphemous character of the Synagogue."
But this disregard is now lifting as the text becomes discussed as a possible window into the early history of polemic between Christians and Jews.
Composition and dating.
A recent study reports that more than 100 manuscripts of the Toledot exist, almost all of them late medieval (the oldest manuscript being from the 11th century).
The earliest stratum of composition was probably in Aramaic. There are recensions extant in Hebrew, and later versions in Judeo-Persian and Arabic as well as Yiddish and Ladino (Judeo-Spanish).
The date of composition cannot be ascertained with certainty and there are conflicting views as to what markers denote dates. For instance, the Toledot refers to Christian festivals and observances that only originated after the 4th century. However, in his "Incredible Shrinking Son of Man" Robert M. Price states that the Toledot Yeshu is "dependent on second-century Jewish-Christian gospel"
It is unlikely that one person is the author, since the narrative itself has a number of different versions, which differ in terms of the story details and the attitude towards the central characters. Even individual versions seems to come from a number of storytellers.
Some scholars claim that the source material is no earlier than the 6th century, and the compilation no earlier than the 9th century. Although the individual anecdotes that make up the Toledot Yeshu may all come from sources dating before the sixth century, there is no evidence that their gathering into a single narrative is that early. Some scholars, such as Jeffrey Rubenstein, favour a late composition date, posterior to the seventh century.
The earliest known mention is an oblique mention by Agobard, archbishop of Lyons, circa. 826, and then another mention by his successor, Amulo, circa 849. 
However, since Agobard does not refer to the source by name it cannot be certain that this is the Toledot.
The source material for the Toledot can be said to derive from four sources: (1) Jewish rabbinic literature; (2) canonical Christian scriptures; (3) noncanonical Christian writings; (4) non-Jewish anti-Christian writings of the Roman period.
The largest source of input to the Toledot seems to be anecdotes gathered from various parts of the Talmud and Midrash.
These appear to be popular adaptions of material aimed against two Christian doctrines, the virgin birth and the ascension.
Some of the Talmudic anecdotes are clearly fictitious or absurd, and some seem incompatible with each other or with known historical fact.
In some instances, the Talmudic source of the Toledot is very obscure or of doubtful authenticity, and may not originally have been relevant to Jesus.
Significantly, the Toledot seems to know (though sometimes only superficially) of the miracles of the canonical Gospels, and does not deny their occurrence, but instead attributes them to Yeshu's use of Egyptian magic, or his misuse of the secret Divine Name - though not to diabolical influences. 
Some of the anecdotes recounted in the Toledot seem to have been drawn from non-canonical early Christian writings known as apocryphal gospels, datable to the 4th – 6th centuries CE.
The attribution of Yeshu’s paternity to a soldier named Pandera or Pantera can be traced to the second-century Greek philosopher Celsus,
though Celsus himself may have picked up this detail from a Jewish source. Jews apparently polemicised actively against the new Christian religion, as can be inferred from the 2nd century Christian writer Justin Martyr's "Dialogue with Trypho", a fictional dialogue between a Christian and a Jew. In chapter 17 Justin claims that the Jews had sent out "chosen men" throughout the Roman Empire to polemicize against Christianity, calling it a "godless heresy".
Christian response.
Christian polemicists from the 9th through 20th centuries have used the Toledot to inflame Christian hostility towards Jews.
In 1405, the Toledot was banned by Church authorities. A book under this title was strongly condemned by Francesc Eiximenis (d. 1409) in his "Vita Christi". But in 1614 it was largely reprinted by a Jewish apostate, Samuel Friedrich Brenz, in Nuremberg, as part of his book vilifying his former religion, titled "Skin Shed by the Jewish Snake".
An indirect witness to the Christian condemnation of the book can be found in one manuscript of the Toledot, which has this cautionary note in its introduction:
booklet should be shown only to people of discretion, for one never knows what the morrow may bring. ... I copied it from three different pamphlets from three different countries, not just one, The contents of all these pamphlets were identical, except that I wrote it in the language of prudence [- namely, Hebrew, because Gentiles do not understand it].
Martin Luther quoted the Toledot (evidently the Strassburg version) at length in his general condemnation of Jews in his book Vom Schem Hamphoras in 1543.
Historiography.
Ramón Martí version.
Long unknown to Christians, the Toledot was first translated into Latin by Ramón Martí, a Dominican friar, toward the end of the 13th century.
Wagenseil version, 1681.
Among the versions of the Toledot, the version published by Johann Christian Wagenseil is perhaps the most prominent.
In 1681 Wagenseil, a professor at the University of Altdorf, published a Hebrew text of the "Toledot Yeshu" with a Latin translation, in a book titled "Satan's Flaming Arrow" ("Tela Ignea Satanae").
The first section treats Jesus's life; later sections deal with the exploits of his apostles. Supplementary chapters tell of Nestorius and his attempts to keep Christians obeying Jewish custom, and the story of Simeon Kepha who is construed to be the Apostle Peter or Paul.
Jesus is portrayed as a seducer and a heretic, showing a connection to the traditions in Celsus and Justin Martyr (see above).
Summary of Wagenseil version.
A great misfortune struck Israel in the year 3651 (c. 90 BCE). A man of the tribe of Judah, Joseph Pandera, lived near a widow who had a daughter called Miriam. This virgin was betrothed to Yohanan, a Torah-learned and God-fearing man of the house of David. Before the end of a certain Sabbath, Joseph looked lustfully at Miriam, knocked on her door and pretended to be her husband, but she only submitted against her will. When Yohanan came later to see her, she was surprised how strange his behavior was. Thus they both knew of Pandera’s crime and Miriam’s fault. Without witnesses to punish Pandera, Yohanan left for Babylonia.
Miriam gave birth to Yehoshua, whose name later depreciated to Yeshu. When old enough, she took him to study the Jewish tradition. One day he walked with his head uncovered, showing disrespect, in front of the sages. This betrayed his illegitimacy and Miriam admitted him as Pandera’s son. Scandalised, he fled to Upper Galilee.
Yeshu later went to the Jerusalem Temple and learned the letters of God’s ineffable name (one could do anything desired by them). He gathered 310 young men and proclaimed himself the Messiah, claiming ’s “a virgin shall conceive and bear a son” and other prophets prophesied about him. Using God’s name he healed a lame man, they worshipped him as the Messiah. The Sanhedrin decided to arrest him, and sent messengers to invite him to Jerusalem. They pretended to be his disciples to trick him.
Bound before Queen Helen, the sages accused him of sorcery. When he brought a corpse to life, she released him.
Accused again, the queen sent for his arrest. He asked his disciples not to resist. Using God’s name he made birds of clay and caused them to fly. The sages then got Judah Iskarioto to learn the name. At a contest of miracles between the two, they both lost knowledge of the name.
Yeshu was arrested and beaten with pomegranate staves. He was taken to Tiberias and bound to a synagogue pillar. Vinegar was given to him to drink and a crown of thorns was put on his head. An argument broke out between the elders and Yeshu followers resulting in their escape to Antioch (or Egypt). On the day before the Passover, Yeshu decided to go to the Temple and recover the secret name. He entered Jerusalem riding on an ass, but one of his followers, Judah Iskarioto, told the sages he was in the Temple. On a day before the Passover, they tried to hang him on a tree; using the name he caused it, and any tree they should use, to break. A cabbage stalk, being not a tree, was used successfully to hang him on, and he was buried.
His followers on Sunday told the queen that he was not in his grave, that he ascended to heaven as he had prophesied. As a gardener took him from the grave, they searched it and could not find him. But the gardener confessed he had taken it to prevent his followers from stealing his body and claiming his ascension to heaven. Recovering the body, the sages tied it to horse tail and took it to the queen. Convinced he was a false prophet, she ridiculed his followers and commended the sages.
Strassburg Manuscript.
In the Strassburg Manuscript, Mary was seduced by a soldier called Ben Pandera. The child Jesus shows great impudence by appearing bareheaded and disputing the Law with teachers. The miracle working powers of Jesus are attributed to having stolen the Name of God from the Temple. Jesus claims messianic dignity and is accused of sorcery by the Jews in front of Queen Helena of Jerusalem, but Jesus raises a man from the dead in front of the Queen's eyes and is released. Jesus goes to Galilee where he brings clay birds to life and makes a millstone float. (Klausner notes that the Toledot scarcely ever denies Gospel miracles, but merely changes good to evil.) Judas Iscariot, the hero of the tale, learns the Divine Name as well, and Jesus and Judas fly through the sky engaged in aerial combat, with Judas victorious. The now powerless Jesus is arrested and put to death by being hung upon a carob tree, and buried. The body is taken away and his ascension is claimed by his apostles on the basis of the empty tomb. But Jesus's body is found hidden in a garden and is dragged back to Jerusalem and shown to Queen Helena.
Huldreich version, 1705.
A third major recension was published by Johann Jacob Huldreich (or Huldrich) in Leyden, Holland, in 1705, with a Latin translation, as "Historia Jeschuae Nazareni" by "Johannes Jocabus Huldricus". This was based on a Hebrew manuscript, now lost, and has its own unique variants. A summary of it is presented by Rev. Sabine Baring-Gould, "The Lost and Hostile Gospels" (1874, London) pages 102-115, who surmised (because of some of the errors and anecdotes) that it was of medieval German origin, perhaps not even predating Martin Luther (page 115). Baring-Gould noted (pages 69–71) that the Wagenseil version contains historical references that place its 'Yeshu' at least a century "before" the Jesus and Pontius Pilate of the New Testament, and the Huldrich version contains references that place its 'Yeshu' at least a full century "after" the time of the Gospels.
Krauss compilation, 1902.
Samuel Krauss reprinted a version recounting that Miriam had been betrothed to a nobleman by the name of Yochanan, who was both a descendant of the House of David, and a God-fearing Torah scholar. In Yochanan's absence her neighbor, Yosef ben Pandera forced his way upon her, coercing her into an act of sexual intercourse during her Niddah (i.e., menstruation, a period of ritual impurity during which relations are forbidden according to Jewish Law). The fruit of the affair was a son she named Yeshu, "the bastard son of a menstruate woman."
Krauss's book, "Das Leben Jesu nach juedischen Quellen", published in Berlin in 1902, contained a study of nine different versions of the Toledot, and remains the leading scholarly work in the field (but has not yet been translated into English).
English versions.
The first translation into English seems to date from 1874, when Sabine Baring-Gould published "The Lost and Hostile Gospels", which included lengthy summaries of two versions of the Toledot – one called the Wagenseil and one called the Huldreich (so named from the editor of a 1705 Latin edition) - as well as quotations and descriptions of apochryphal and lost gospels of early Christian history. He regarded the Toledot as being a kind of early anti-Christian folklore, largely motivated by the oppression suffered by Jews.
In 1903, G.R.S. Mead, a well known Theosophist, published "Did Jesus Live 100 BC?", which treated the Toledoth Yeshu as sufficiently authentic and reliable to postulate, on the basis of its mention of historic figures such as Queen Helene, that Jesus actually lived a century earlier than commonly believed. Baring-Gould (page 71) notes that, although the Wagenseil version named the Queen as Helene, she is also expressly described as the widow of Alexander Jannaeus, who died BCE 76, and whose widow was named Salome Alexandra and she died in BCE 67.
In 1937, the Jewish New Testament scholar Hugh J. Schonfield published "According to the Hebrews", which theorized that the Toledot was considerably more ancient than commonly thought and may have originally constituted the "Gospel of the Hebrews", a lost (and presumably heretical) book mentioned by name, but not otherwise described, in some early Christian literature. 
However, scholarly consensus generally sees the Toledot as an unreliable source for the historical Jesus
These books provided translations of the Toledot. Mead included some indelicate verses which Schonfield edited out, but Schonfield was the more erudite scholar, and he identified Talmudic and Islamic passages that may have supplied the content of the Toledoth.
Parallels.
Other Jewish polemic or apologetic sources:
The works bear striking resemblance to Christian legends regarding Simon Magus, and to 12th century Christian portrayals of Muhammad.
Mentions in modern literature.
The book is mentioned in the poem "The Ring and the Book" by Robert Browning.
It is also mentioned in Mitchell James Kaplan's historical novel, "By Fire By Water."

</doc>
<doc id="9804537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804537" title="Darby O'Gill (band)">
Darby O'Gill (band)

Darby O'Gill is an Irish/folk band based in Portland, Oregon. The band's name is taken from a fictional character who appears in the writings of the Irish-American author Herminie Templeton Kavanagh.
Band history.
Darby O'Gill was formed in 1994. As of 2007 the band has released five albums: "Waitin' for a Ride" (1996), "Driven to Drink" (1999), "Irish Christmas Rollick" (2002), "The Gettin's Good" (2004) and "Live at the Dublin Pub" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9804539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804539" title="Development management">
Development management

Development management deals with the coordination and management processes of international development programs and projects. The dominant paradigm in development management is the intervention in the form of a transfer of aid by an external agency/donor and the oversight of the related project cycle, i.e. project identification, planning (formulation and appraisal), implementation and monitoring, and evaluation. 
A broad range of donors and implementing organisations use the Logical Framework Approach to provide a structured method of project cycle management.The term development management is used in this sense of achievement and objectives with optimum use of limited resources in manpower,finance,material,time and also active contribution to the clarification and reformation of policies and objectives.
Indian Institute of Forest Management, Bhopal offers a two year Post Graduation Diploma in Forestry Management with specialization in Development Management which deals with management of Rural Development, Rural Development projects of governments, UN etc, development and management of livelihood options for rural people in India and other developing nations. 
MSc Development Management
This programme is centred on a core course that employs a comparative political economy approach to examine the institutional roots of development and non-development. All students must take the core course and complete a dissertation of up to 10,000 words. Students also participate in a live group 'consultancy project' for a leading development agency, which forms part of their total assessment. You have the opportunity to attend a weekly lecture series that brings to the School prominent scholars and practitioners who discuss the findings and methodological dimensions of development research and/or problems of development practice. Students benefit from joining a highly selective and diverse group of fellow students, bringing practical experience from all over the world. The analytical skills developed here have secured past graduates promising careers in organisations as diverse as central banks, NGOs, multilateral organisations, charities, investment banks, consultancies, manufacturing firms, religious missions, and has independent writers and experts.
Compulsory courses
Development Management
Key Issues in Development Studies*
Dissertation
Options
Choose courses to the value of two full units from the following list in consultation with your supervisor. 
Accounting
Accounting in the Global Economy*
Management Accounting, Decisions and Control*
Financial Accounting: Reporting and Disclosure* 
Development Studies
Poverty*
Economic Development Policy
Population and Development: an Analytical Approach*
Environmental Problems and Development Interventions*
Global Environmental Governance*
African Development*
Complex Emergencies*
Emerging Health Threats and Development*
Global Political Economy of Development I*
International Institutions and Late Development *
Managing Globalisation*
Public Management of Development*
Managing Humanitarianism*
Global Civil Society* 
Nationalism, Democracy and Development in Contemporary India*
Aspects of IT and Socio-economic Development*
IT and Socio-economic Development
China in Developmental Perspective*
Human Security*
The Informal Economy and Non-State Governance*
Key Issues in Development Studies*
Economics
The Economics of Regional and Urban Planning* 
Employment Relations and Organisational Behaviour
Organisational Behaviour*
Organisational Change*
Gender
Globalisation, Gender and Development
Gender, Post-colonialism, Development: Critical Perspectives and New Directions* 
Feminist Economics and Policy: An Introduction*
Government
Public Management Theory and Doctrine*
Public Management: A Strategic Approach*
Democratisation and its Discontents in Southeast Asia
Geography
Globalisation, Regional Development and Policy
Local Economic Development and Policy
Globalisation and Regional Development
Economics of Local and Regional Development*
Gender and Development: Geographical Perspectives*
Environment and Development
Cities, People and Poverty in the South*
Cities, Culture and Politics in the South* 
Urban Ethnography*
Urban Theory, Policy and Practice in the Global South
The Economics of Regional and Urban Planning*
Race and Space*
Development, Diaspora and Migration*
Environment and Development: Sustainability, Technology and Business*
Environment and Development: Resources, Institutions and the Global South*
Remaking China: Geographical aspects of Development and Disparity*
Contemporary Debates in Human Geography*
Management
Business Model Innovation at the 'Base of the Pyramid'*
Social Policy 
Urbanisation and Social Policy in the Global South*
Reproductive Health Programmes: Design, Implementation and Evaluation* 
Basic Education for Social Development*
Migration: Population Trends and Policies*
Planning for Population and Development*
Any other MSc level course in the School, selected in consultation with the student's supervisor and approved by the programme director.
Note that not all of the above optional courses will be available every year.
Some options have prerequisites, while others have limited places.
Please check Department of International Development for the latest information.
In India Madras School of Social Work is providing MA in Development Management course.

</doc>
<doc id="9804547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804547" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jérémie">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jérémie

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jérémie (), erected 20 April 1972, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.

</doc>
<doc id="9804554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804554" title="Canada (Attorney General) v. Hislop">
Canada (Attorney General) v. Hislop

Canada (Attorney General) v. Hislop, 2007 SCC 10 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on equality rights under section 15 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms" and the retroactivity of "Charter" remedies. The Court struck down provisions in the amended "Canada Pension Plan" on grounds that it discriminated against same-sex couples. The Act had been previously amended after the ruling in "M. v. H.".

</doc>
<doc id="9804571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804571" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Cayes">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Cayes

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Cayes, erected 3 October 1861, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
History.
The ecclesiastical province of Port-au-Prince (the archdiocese and the four suffragan dioceses of Cap Haïtien, Gonaives, Les Cayes, and Port-de-Paix) dates from the reorganization following upon the Concordat of 1860 between Pope Pius IX and the Republic of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="9804575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804575" title="Agence universitaire de la Francophonie">
Agence universitaire de la Francophonie

The Agence universitaire de la Francophonie (AUF) (Francophone University Association) is a global network of French-speaking higher-education and research institutions. Founded in Montreal, Canada in 1961 as the "Association des Universités Partiellement ou Entièrement de Langue Française" (AUPELF), the AUF is a multilateral institution supporting co-operation and solidarity among French-speaking universities and institutions. It operates in the French-speaking countries of Africa, the Arab world, Southeast Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, and the Caribbean. The AUF has 786 members (public and private universities, institutes of higher education, research centers and institutions, institutional networks, and networks of university administrators) distributed throughout francophone countries. It is active in 98 countries, and represented by regional offices and information centers on campuses and in institutes. The Association receives funding from La Francophonie, and its headquarters are located at the University of Montreal.
History.
Origins.
In 1959, Jean-Marc Léger (Canadian journalist at "Le Devoir") and André Bachand (public-relations director at the University of Montreal) voiced the idea of a world-wide organisation which would create a link between French-speaking universities. On 13 September 1961 in Montreal, some 150 representatives of the French-speaking world created the foundation of what would become "Association des Universités Partiellement ou Entièrement de Langue Française" (AUPELF), French for the "Association of Partially or Entirely French-speaking Universities."
Expansion.
In 1987 during the heads of state summit in Quebec, an "exchange university" project was implemented under the name UREF ("Université des Réseaux d'Expression Français", University French Expression Networks). Its purpose was to create a university network for research and education. In November 1993, AUPELF became "AUPELF-UREF". In April 1998 in Beirut, AUPELF-UREF became the "Agence universitaire de la Francophonie".
Reforms.
To answer the Moncton action plan's request, the AUF undertook reforms in three fields in 1999:
In 2005 the AUF endowed a four-year program to meet the goals and priorities of the decennial strategic agreement of the institutional French-speaking world. This agreement, adopted in 2004 by member states of the French-speaking world, sets the principles and strategies of the institutional French-speaking world and controls its activities.
Structure.
The association is composed of seven bodies:
Activities.
The primary activities of the AUF are distributed among four scientific administrations, each aiming at a specific goal. These four branches are:
Partnerships.
The "Agence universitaire de la Francophonie" has developed partnerships with three objectives:
AUF numbers among its partners the European Union, UNESCO and the World Bank. It has been requested to assist in:
Publishing.
In 2001, the "Agence universitaire de la Francophonie" facilitated the creation of electronic French-language science journals. Francophone digital campuses were created to support the development of TIC (technologies of information and communication). AUF conducts workshops on the presentation and publication of scientific articles. Financial support is available for selected projects.
AUF worldwide.
The AUF's education office and headquarters are in Montreal; central services and a second education office are in Paris. Regional offices have been established in Montreal, Port-au-Prince, Dakar, Yaoundé, Antananarivo, Hanoï, Beirut, Brussels and Bucharest.
Golden anniversary.
2011 marked the 50th anniversary of the "Agence universitaire de la Francophonie". To mark the occasion AUF promoted the Francophonie throughout the year with events devoted to "50 years of the Agency", celebrating its role as an academic agent of the French-speaking scientific community.

</doc>
<doc id="9804602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804602" title="James Bonwick">
James Bonwick

James Bonwick (8 July 1817 – 6 October 1906) was an English-born Australian historical and educational writer.
Early life.
Bonwick was born Lingfield, Surrey, England, the eldest son of James Bonwick, carpenter, and his second wife Mary Ann "née" Preston. James Bonwick, the elder, was a man of some mechanical ability, but he suffered from ill health, and his children were brought up in poor circumstances. His eldest son was educated at the Borough Road school, Southwark, and at 17 years of age began teaching at a school at Hemel Hempstead and similar positions followed at Bexley and Liverpool. In April 1840 he married Esther Ann Beddow, the daughter of a Baptist clergyman, and in the following year obtained a position at the Normal School, Hobart, Tasmania.
Career in Australia.
Bonwick and his wife arrived at Hobart on 10 October 1841. He was a successful teacher in Hobart for eight years and published the first of his many school books "Geography for the Use of Australian Youth" in 1845. He went to Adelaide in 1850, and opened a private school. In 1852 made his way to the Victorian gold diggings after finding himself in debt. He did not find much gold, but his health benefited. He then went to Melbourne where he established a monthly magazine, "The Australian Gold-Diggers' Monthly Magazine", which ceased publication with the eighth issue in May 1853. He then established a successful boarding school at Kew now a suburb of Melbourne. He had already published several school books and pamphlets, when in 1856 he published his "Discovery and Settlement of Port Phillip", the first of his historical works. About this time he joined the Victorian government service as an inspector of denominational schools, and in 1857 made a tour of inspection through the western district of Victoria. He then made Ballarat his centre and worked there for about four years. During his journeys he suffered from sunstroke and a coaching accident, and became so ill that he had to retire from the service. He was given 18 months' leave of absence, but was unable to continue this work. His head had been injured in the accident. He was never able to ride a horse again, and he was always liable to have an attack of giddiness. He visited England in 1860 and then returned to Melbourne in July 1862 and opened a school in the suburb of St Kilda, which became very prosperous. He paid another visit to England with his wife, leaving the school in the hands of a son and a friend of his. They, however, mismanaged the school, and Bonwick was compelled to return and put things in order again. He was doing much writing, and in the ensuing years travelled in various parts of Australia, New Zealand and Europe. 
Some of Bonwick's more important volumes were "John Batman" (1867); "The Last of the Tasmanians", "Daily Life and Origin of the Tasmanians", and "Curious Facts of Old Colonial Days", all of which were published in 1870; "Egyptian Belief and Modern Thought" (1878), "First Twenty Years of Australia" (1882), "Port Phillip Settlement" (1883), "Romance of the Wool Trade" (1887) and "Irish Druids and Old Irish Religions" (1894). He had now finally settled down in England and in this year was appointed archivist for the New South Wales government. He traced and copied the information that became the basis of the "History of New South Wales", vol. I by G. B. Barton, and vol. II by A. Britton. His materials were afterwards printed as "The Historical Records of New South Wales". Though he published other volumes, these records were his principal work until in 1902, at the age of 85, he resigned his position. In 1900 he had celebrated with his wife the sixtieth anniversary of their wedding. She died in 1901 and he felt her loss keenly. He completed and published in 1902 his final volume, an autobiography, "An Octogenarian's Reminiscences", and died on 6 October 1906. He was survived by five children.
Legacy.
Bonwick was a religious man, full of nervous energy and passion for his work. History, religion, astronomy, geography, anthropology and trade were among the subjects of his books. Some of the more important have been mentioned, some fifty others are listed in "A Bibliography of James Bonwick" by Dr G. Mackaness (Journal and Proceedings, Royal Australian Historical Society, 1937). An even longer list of his writings is appended to James Bonwick by E. E. Pescott. His school books were of great value at a time when it was difficult to obtain suitable books in Australia, and his historical work was always conscientious, although the discovery of materials not then available may have lessened its value in some cases.

</doc>
<doc id="9804618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804618" title="John Horsley (actor)">
John Horsley (actor)

John Lovell Horsley (21 July 1920 – 12 January 2014) was an English actor.
He was born in Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex, England. The son of a doctor, he made his acting debut at the Theatre Royal in Bournemouth. After appearing in repertory theatres he was called up for military service in the Royal Devon Yeomanry in which he served in Sicily and Italy during World War II. He then contracted hepatitis and become a member of an Army drama company that toured military units.
His early acting career saw him playing a succession of doctors and policemen in many films, the former on film in "Hell Drivers" (1957), the latter on television in "Big Breadwinner Hog" (1969). He was more prolific in television from the 1960s and played character roles in many series and programmes,though is perhaps best known for his role as Doc Morrissey in the BBC sitcom "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin" (1976–79) in which his catchphrase was "Take two Aspirins". He reprised the role in "The Legacy of Reginald Perrin" in 1996.
Horsley was also cast in the role of Sir Ralph Shawcross in the BBC sitcom "You Rang, M'Lord?" (1990–93) and as the Bishop of Tatchester in the BBC adaptation of John Masefield's "The Box Of Delights" (1984). His final role was in the TV mini-series "Rebecca" in 1997.
Horsley was married to the actress June Marshall (1923-1988) from 1948 until her death, and had two daughters. He died on 12 January 2014 at Denville Hall, the retirement home for actors.

</doc>
<doc id="9804629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804629" title="Orrin N. Hilton">
Orrin N. Hilton

Orrin N. Hilton (1849-1932) was a Denver judge and attorney who participated for the defense in several famous court cases. Judge Hilton successfully defended George Pettibone of the Western Federation of Miners when Pinkerton detective James McParland accused him of conspiracy to murder former Idaho governor Frank Steunenberg. 
Judge Hilton successfully defended Vincent St. John in a murder trial in Telluride, Colorado, arguing that the charges were bogus, outdated, and had been prompted by the Mine Owners' Association and the Citizens' Alliance for purposes of revenge against the union organizer.
He was called upon in a general advisory capacity in the Massachusetts murder trial of Joseph Ettor and Arturo Giovannitti, organizers for the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW), who were charged (and acquitted) in the death of IWW striker Anna LoPizzo during the Lawrence textile strike.
Judge Hilton played a role in the trial of miners accused of murder in Minnesota, a case which resulted in organizers Elizabeth Gurley Flynn and Joseph Ettor being expelled from the Industrial Workers of the World for putting the freedom of imprisoned organizers above the rights of the miners they were organizing.
Hilton unsuccessfully defended Joe Hill in the appeal of a murder trial in Utah. He was disbarred by the state of Utah following a speech given at Joe Hill's funeral. 

</doc>
<doc id="9804666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804666" title="Arkansas State University-Mountain Home">
Arkansas State University-Mountain Home

Arkansas State University-Mountain Home is a public, open access, two-year campus of the Arkansas State University System, primarily serving students of North Central Arkansas and is located in Mountain Home, Arkansas. Among other tracks, the college prepares nurses who may then go on to serve at the health complex and supporting facilities that surround the Baxter Regional Medical Center located in Mountain Home. ASUMH serves approximately 1,500 students each year. It is located within minutes from two beautiful fresh water lakes and rivers that feature great fishing and water sports opportunities. The campus is located on the south side of the town and the buildings modelled after the University of Virginia.
The Vada Sheid Community Development Center is the largest building on the ASUMH campus. The 65,000 square-foot facility houses an 824 seat auditorium, McClure Convention Center, First Security Amphitheatre, Haley Family Conference Room, Ozark Regional Arts Council Conference Room and Dale Bumpers Great Hall for showing artwork or for receptions. Future plans include the 5,000 square-foot Trout Nature Center.
Ed Coulter, the founding chancellor of the College, announced his intention to retire on June 30, 2012. He served as chancellor for 17 years and was appointed in 1995. Dr. Coulter earned his Bachelor of Science in Education from Ouachita Baptist University and his Masters in Education and his Doctorate in Education from the University of Arkansas. After three years as a public school principal he served 25 years at Ouachita Baptist University, as Assistant to the President, and as Vice President for Administration. Coulter has served previously as the Chair of the American Association of Community Colleges Board of Directors. He also has served on the American Cancer Society Board of Directors as well as the Arkansas Chamber of Commerce and as a corporate board member of the Baptist Medical Center System.
On August 1, 2012, Dr. Robin Myers began his appointment as the second chancellor of ASUMH. Dr. Myers had served as President of Arkansas Northeastern College (ANC) since 2005. He previously served ANC as Vice President of Instruction from 1998-2004, Dean for Community Education and College Advancement from 1996-1998, Associate Dean and then Dean for Continuing and Community Education from 1992-1996, and Coordinator of the Business and Industry Resource Center from 1989-1992. Dr. Myers received the Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing and the Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Arkansas State University, the Master of Science degree in Operations Management from the University of Arkansas, and the Doctor of Education degree from the University of Memphis.

</doc>
<doc id="9804676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804676" title="EclecTopia">
EclecTopia

EclecTopia is a twice weekly radio show featuring a wide range of contemporary music. The program airs Friday nights from 10PM to 11PM and Sundays from midnight to 1AM (Eastern Time), on West Virginia Public Radio (and also live streaming).
"From the Greek eklectikos, meaning to select, and topia meaning place, EclecTopia is the place for eclectic contemporary music", says its web site. The show generally ignores conventional "genres" and often features less well known artists who are "underground" or just getting started. Listeners frequently say the show has an "urban sound" or "sounds like it comes from LA or New York."
In fact, this public radio program has been produced in Charleston, West Virginia by Jim Lange of West Virginia Public Broadcasting since 2001. Previously, it aired on Sunday nights.

</doc>
<doc id="9804678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804678" title="Polyether block amide">
Polyether block amide

Polyether block amide or PEBA is a thermoplastic elastomer (TPE). It is also known under the tradename of PEBAX (Arkema). It is a block copolymer obtained by polycondensation of a carboxylic acid polyamide (PA6, PA11, PA12) with an alcohol termination polyether (Polytetramethylene glycol PTMG), PEG). The general chemical structure is:
PEBA is a high performance thermoplastic elastomer. It is used to replace common elastomers – thermoplastic polyurethanes, polyester elastomers, and silicones - for these characteristics: lower density among TPE, superior mechanical and dynamic properties (flexibility, impact resistance, energy return, fatigue resistance) and keeping these properties at low temperature (lower than -40 °C), and good resistance against a wide range of chemicals. It is sensitive to UV degradation, however.
Applications.
PEBA is found in the sports equipment market: for damping system components and outsoles of high end shoes (running, track & field, football, baseball, basketball, trekking, etc.) where it is appreciated for its low density, damping properties, energy return and flexibility. PEBA is also appreciated by winter sports participants as it enables design of the lightest alpine and Nordic ski boots while providing some resistance to extreme environment (low temperatures, UV exposure, moisture). It is used in various other sports applications such as racquet grommets and golf balls.
PEBA is used in medical products such as catheters for its flexibility, its good mechanical properties at low and high temperatures, and its softness.
It is also widely used in the manufacture of electric and electronic goods such as cables and wire coatings, electronic device casings, components, etc.
PEBA can be used to make textiles as well as breathable film, fresh feeling fibres or non-woven fabrics.
Some hydrophilic grades of PEBA are also used for their antistatic and antidust properties. Since no chemical additives are required to achieve these properties, products can be recycled at end of life.
References.
Handbook of Condensation Thermoplastic Elastomers, edited by. Dr Fakirov, ch. 10, Poly(Ether –b-Amide) TPE: Structure, Properties and Applications

</doc>
<doc id="9804687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804687" title="Woroni">
Woroni

Woroni is the student newspaper of the Australian National University, based in Canberra, ACT, Australia. The name ‘Woroni’ derives from an Indigenous Australian word meaning ‘mouthpiece’. Woroni is published fortnightly in full colour tabloid format, and features broad coverage of university & local news, opinion, features, arts & culture, sports, and leisure. It was formerly published as "Student Notes: Canberra University College Students Association".
History.
"Woroni" was first published on 23 May 1947 under the title "Student Notes: Canberra University College Students Association". From 14 February 1950 the name was changed to "Woroni". Traditionally, the editorial tone has been lighthearted and satirical. However, in recent years Woroni has increased its coverage of serious issues such as VSU, "Wadgate", and changes to the ANU School of Humanities. From 1948 to 2010 Woroni was published by ANUSA; its editors were officers of the Association, and responsible to the ANUSA Board of Trustees. In 2010/2011, Woroni became ANU Student Media Inc, a financially and editorially independent student-run publishing house - the first of its kind in Australia.
Editorial Board.
As of 2011, the Woroni Editorial Board is composed of 8 Editors, elected in alternating groups of 4, to terms of 12 months. Elections employ OPV, and are conducted online at the ANU website. Any ANU Student who has submitted 3 substantive contributions to Woroni is eligible to run for Editor.
Recent Editors.
- * Resigned prior to completion of their editorial term
- ** Replaced outgoing editor
Digitisation.
This newspaper has been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program of the National Library of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9804689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804689" title="Kim Butler">
Kim Butler

Kim D. Butler (born 1960) is an American author and historian. 
Butler was awarded a PhD from Johns Hopkins University in 1996. Her first book is "Freedoms Given, Freedoms Won: Afro-Brazilians in Post-Abolition São Paulo and Salvador." This publication won her the American Historical Association's Wesley-Logan Prize and the Association of Black Women Historians' Letitia Woods Brown Prize. Currently, Butler is an associate professor of history and chair of the Africana Studies department at Rutgers University.

</doc>
<doc id="9804692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804692" title="Humppila railway station">
Humppila railway station

Humppila railway station (Finnish "Humppilan rautatieasema"; Swedish "Humppila järnvägsstation") is located in the municipality of Humppila in the region of Tavastia Proper in Finland.
The original station building on the track between Turku and Toijala was destroyed in a fire in 1973 after a failed attempt to rob a post office. Apparently the robbers were scared of something, and when they ran away, the accidentally left their welding flame on.
Humppila was without a proper station building for nearly a decade, because the new building designed by Mauri Liedenpohja was only completed in 1983. Before this, traffic control was handled from a cargo warehouse.
The station is nowadays unmanned. The traffic control is handled remotely from the Tampere railway station. Ticket sales were discontinued in March 2000. Passenger trains between Turku and Tampere still stop at the station. This is partly because the station is about halfway between the Turku Central railway station and the Toijala railway station, so trains having left at the same time meet at the station. Many trains do meet at Humppila regularly. Another reason why passenger traffic has been retained in Humppila is because inhabitants of Forssa and people visiting there have a practical train connection from Humppila. The distance is about 20 kilometres. There is regular bus traffic between Forssa and Humppila, and express buses between Helsinki and Pori also stop there. Forssa can also be reached by car via Finnish National Road 2.
The station building is currently owned by Humppila municipality, and is open on weekdays. There are no ticket sales at the station, not even a ticket vending machine.
Humppila is a place where the past and the present meet at summer Sundays, because Humppila is a terminus of the Jokioinen Museum Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="9804719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804719" title="Charles Bonney">
Charles Bonney

Charles Bonney (31 October 1813 – 15 March 1897) was a pioneer and politician in Australia.
Early life.
Bonney was the youngest son of the Rev. George Bonney, a fellow of Jesus College, Cambridge, and his wife Susanna, née Knight. He was born at Sandon, near Stafford, Staffordshire, England. After his father died in 1826 his brother Thomas, headmaster of Rugeley Grammar School, gave him an education and a home for seven years. (Two of Thomas's sons, Edward and Frederic Bonney, later went to Australia.)
Pioneering in Australia.
Bonney left England on 5 August 1834 in the "John Craig" and arrived at Sydney on 12 December 1834, where he became clerk to Mr Justice Burton. About 18 months later he went with Charles Ebden to the Murray River around the present site of Albury, New South Wales. In December 1836, he crossed the Murray and took cattle to Port Phillip District, having been preceded by only Gardiner and Joseph Hawdon. In March 1837 he was the first to overland sheep, bringing some 10,000 belonging to Ebden to a station on the Goulburn River. In January 1838, acting as a kind of first assistant to Joseph Hawdon, he went with him and a party with about 300 cattle, from the Murray, near Albury, to Adelaide. It was the hottest season of the year, and groups of aborigines were continually being encountered, but the party kept on good terms with them. On 1 March 1838 they came to the junction of the Darling River with the Murray, and the whole journey took about three months. A beautiful lake was found on 4 March and named after the young Queen Victoria, and on 12 March another lake was found and named by Hawdon after Bonney - see Lake Bonney (Riverland). They left the Murray on 23 March, and after travelling many miles, Mount Barker was reached. About 1 April they reached the seashore near where the township of Noarlunga now stands. Meeting some settlers, they made for Adelaide, where they arrived on 3 April and found a ready market for their cattle. Returning to Port Phillip by sea, Bonney brought another herd of cattle overland to Adelaide in February 1839, the route taken being through south-west Victoria. Near the border the country became very dry, and disaster was narrowly escaped. Fortunately water was found, and when the Murray was crossed only one bullock and one horse were lost. In spite of their difficulties, only 23 cattle were lost on the whole journey. Bonney stayed at Adelaide for a time and then joined Ebden again at the Murray. In 1841 a period of depression led to cattle becoming almost unsaleable.
Political career.
In 1842 Bonney became a magistrate and commissioner of crown lands in South Australia. He held this position for about 15 years. 
When responsible government came in, Bonney was elected a member of the South Australian House of Assembly for East Torrens, and became commissioner of crown lands in the first ministry under B. T. Finniss. This ministry went out of office in August 1857 and Bonney resigned his seat in the following January. He was in England from 1858 to 1862, and returning to South Australia, was a member of the South Australian Legislative Council in 1865 and 1866. In 1861 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. From 1869 to 1871 he was manager of the South Australian railways. In 1871 he was appointed inspector of lands purchased on credit, and in 1880 retired on a pension. In 1885 he went to Sydney and died there on 15 March 1897. He left a widow, two sons and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9804761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804761" title="Bapticostal movement">
Bapticostal movement

The Bapticostal movement is a movement in some Baptist churches towards adopting certain elements of the charismatic movement. The word "Bapticostal" is a portmanteau of "Baptist" and "Pentecostal". The term has been used in a limited manner to describe a worship style of high-tempo Contemporary Christian music accompanied with spontaneous shouts, clapping and hand raising. But it also describes those churches where members profess to have and exhibit the charismatic gifts that are practiced in Pentecostalism such as speaking in tongues, being slain in the Spirit, or being granted a word of knowledge. The prevalence of such beliefs within Baptist churches worldwide is unknown. In some unions or conventions it hardly exists (e.g. Eastern Europe) but in others (Australia, New Zealand) it is common. In the United States, it has been estimated that among Southern Baptist churches, 5% of the churches could be classified as Bapticostal, and the numbers are growing. According to a study in 1989, 69% of Baptist churches belonging to the Baptist Union of New Zealand, the main Baptist association in New Zealand, identified positively with the charismatic movement.
Southern Baptist Response.
While the Bapticostal movement may be gaining support with individual churches in the convention, the movement has been met with official opposition. In 1999, a regional Southern Baptist association of churches expelled the Calvary Baptist Church in Marshfield, Missouri for the church teaching and exhibition of speaking in tongues and church members being slain in the Spirit.
More recently, in 2006 the International Mission Board passed standards for missionaries which would disqualify those who espoused opposition to traditional Southern Baptist doctrines of eternal security and a rejection of a salvific view of baptism, and also engaged in speaking in tongues or had a "private prayer language". 
Following the new qualification of missionary appointments, the Rev. Dwight McKissic gave a sermon during a chapel service to students attending Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary and announced that he speaks in tongues and uses a private prayer language and emphasized not taking a cessationist view of the charismatic gifts. Southwestern quickly distanced itself from McKissic's comments saying, 
However, shortly after his election as president of the Convention, Rev. Frank Page expanded on his "big tent" view of Southern Baptists by saying,
Mike Huckabee in describing his home church said in a sermon on December 2, 2007, "we tend to be a little Bapticostal where I go." 

</doc>
<doc id="9804785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804785" title="Chris Maxwell">
Chris Maxwell

Chris Maxwell BA (Hons), LLB (Melbourne), BPhil (Oxon), QC is an Australian jurist. He succeeded Justice John Winneke as President of the Victorian Court of Appeal on 16 July 2005.
Career.
Maxwell was educated at Melbourne Grammar School, and proceeded to the University of Melbourne where he was resident at Trinity College. He played rugby and Australian Rules football at Trinity, where he was the Senior Student in 1973. After graduating he was selected as Victorian Rhodes Scholar for 1975, completing a BPhil at Oxford. He was then called to the Bar as a member of Lincoln's Inn in 1978, practising briefly at the English Bar before returning to Melbourne in 1979. From 1983 he was variously reader for Kenneth Hayne QC, Principal Private Secretary to Gareth Evans (Commonwealth Attorney-General), and reader for Ross Robson QC. He signed the Victorian Bar Roll in 1984 and became a QC in 1998.
Maxwell was the Victorian Legal Aid Commissioner for seven years and also a member of the Board of Liberty Victoria for six years, two of them as President. He appeared with Julian Burnside QC in the Tampa refugee case, and was then famously but unsuccessfully countersued (as a Board member of Liberty Victoria) by the Commonwealth of Australia for costs. In 1982 he published "An Introduction to the Securities Industry Codes" (Sydney: Butterworths, 1982) with Robert Baxt and Selwyn Bajada, released in a second edition in 1988 as "Stock Markets and the Securities industry: Law and Practice" (Sydney: Butterworths, 1988). He was later commissioned by the Victorian government to review the "Occupational Health and Safety Act 1985". 
Justice Maxwell is married with three children. His wife is a daughter of the former Governor-General of Australia and High Court Justice Sir Ninian Stephen. 

</doc>
<doc id="9804799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804799" title="Eumorpha anchemolus">
Eumorpha anchemolus

The Anchemola Sphinx Moth ("Eumorpha anchemolus") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Argentina through Central America and into Texas, United States.
The wingspan is 62-70 mm. It is a large species. It is similar to "Eumorpha triangulum", but the forewing upperside pattern is less contrasting and variegated. There is a conspicuous white fringe on the forewing upperside, found along the posterior margin from near the base to beyond the median rhombiform patch.
Adults are on wing year round, except the coldest months. They nectar at various flowers. 
The larvae feed on "Cissus alata", "Cissus pseudosicyoides", "Cissus erosa", "Vitis" and "Ampelopsis" species.

</doc>
<doc id="9804806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804806" title="Brown Point">
Brown Point

Brown Point, more commonly called "The Bluff" or "Bluff Beach" is located 13 kilometres west of Minlaton on Yorke Peninsula in South Australia. 
Davits.
The Bluff with its boat winching system is unique, and is a proven tourist attraction. Photographs of these "Davits" are exhibited nationally in tourist and travel agencies and also on souvenirs and post cards. The manual winching method for raising and lowering boats from cliff to water with the aid of stable uprights, cables and supports, was introduced by George Parsons and Fred Schwarz in the 1920s and it has proved to be a very assured and convenient way of safe guarding a craft in bad weather over the years. Today the fibreglass boat has replaced the clinker or wooden boat on account of easy maintenance etc. and trailers have replaced the winching system.

</doc>
<doc id="9804862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804862" title="Brandy Burre">
Brandy Burre

Brandy Burre (born September 27, 1974) is an American actress, best known for her portrayal of Theresa D'Agostino on the HBO series "The Wire".
Burre was born in Sandusky, Ohio. She earned her Master's degree in acting at Ohio University, and has performed on the stage in addition to her work in film and television.

</doc>
<doc id="9804896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804896" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Choluteca">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Choluteca

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Choluteca (erected 8 September 1964, as the Territorial Prelature of Choluteca) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa. It was elevated on 29 August 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="9804900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804900" title="Alex Chernov">
Alex Chernov

Alex Chernov (born 12 May 1938) is an Australian jurist and the current Governor of Victoria.
Early life.
Chernov was born in Lithuania to Russian parents, and migrated with his family to Salzburg, Austria where he commenced his schooling. In 1949 his family migrated to Australia and he completed his schooling at Melbourne High School. He graduated as a Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) and a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) (with Honours) from the University of Melbourne in 1961 and 1968 respectively.
Career.
Chernov was admitted to practise and signed the Roll of Counsel as a barrister in 1968, practising mostly in commercial law and equity. He was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1980. He was Chairman of the Victorian Bar 1985–86, Vice-President of the Australian Bar Association 1986–87 and President of the Law Council of Australia 1990–91. He was Vice President of LawAsia 1995–1997.
He was the co-author with Robert Brooking AO of "Tenancy Law and Practice: Victoria" (1972) and the editor of its second edition (1980).
In May 1997 he was appointed to the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Victoria, and in October 1998 to the Court of Appeal of that Court. He retired from the bench in February 2008.
He was elected the 20th Chancellor of the University of Melbourne in January 2009, serving in that office until he resigned to take up the office of Governor of Victoria.
Vice-regal office.
On 21 February 2011, it was announced that he would become the 28th Governor of Victoria. He assumed that office on 8 April 2011.
Personal life.
Chernov is married with three children.
Honours.
Chernov was appointed Queen's Counsel in and for the State of Victoria in 1980.
Chernov was created an Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2007 Queen's Birthday Honours list for service to the law and education.
On 26 January 2012, Chernov was named a Companion of the Order of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9804902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804902" title="Choi York Yee">
Choi York Yee

Choi York Yee (, born 11 May 1953) is a retired Hong Kong football player and is now a sports commentator in Hong Kong. 
He played as a defender in South China for 8 years. He played for the club for the first time in 1973. The defense line formed by him, Lok Tak Fai, Leung Siu Wa and Chan Sai Kau, together with goalkeeper Chow Chee Keong, helped South China to become the best team in defense at the time.
He transferred to Happy Valley in 1978. Then he returned to South China two years later. In 1978, he moved to Seiko and played the last year for his preofessional football.
On 23 February 2007, he was invited to represent SCAA 92/93 Invitation Team to play against SCAA Elite Youth in the pre-match of the exhibition competition BMA Cup organized by South China.

</doc>
<doc id="9804916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804916" title="Eglon, Washington">
Eglon, Washington

Eglon is an unincorporated community in Kitsap County, Washington, United States. The town has a community center, a church, a volunteer fire department, a cemetery, a boat launch, a beach, and a picnic area.

</doc>
<doc id="9804932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804932" title="Vince Howard">
Vince Howard

Vince Howard is an American actor who has made many guest appearances on television.

</doc>
<doc id="9804944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804944" title="Mbói Tu'ĩ">
Mbói Tu'ĩ

Mbói Tu'i is one of the seven legendary monsters of Guaraní mythology. He is the second son of Tau and Kerana.
Name.
"Mbói Tu'i" literally translates to "snake-parrot" which describes this creatures appearance.
Myths.
Mbói Tu'i has the form of an enormous serpent with a huge parrot head and a huge beak. He also has a red, forked tongue the color of blood. His skin is scaly and streaked. Feathers cover his head. He has a harmful look that frightens everyone who has the bad luck to be found with him. He patrols the swamps and protects amphibian life. He enjoys the humidity and flowers. He lets out an incredible powerful and terrible squawk which can be heard from very far off and which instills terror in all who hear it. He is considered the protector of aquatic animals and the wetlands.

</doc>
<doc id="9804983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9804983" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Comayagua">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Comayagua

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Comayagua (erected 13 March 1963) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.

</doc>
<doc id="9805010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805010" title="Mukala">
Mukala

Mukala was a Christian rock band formed in the late 1990s. The group consists of singer-songwriter-keyboardist Dan Muckala, guitarist Alex Nifong, and drummer Jason Collum. They released one album, "Fiction", in 1998.
History.
Dan Muckala was a musical composition student at Belmont University in Tennessee. 
In 1996, he became a professional songwriter and penned a number of Top Ten songs on contemporary hit radio. Prior to forming the band, Muckala had also toured with other artists and led worship for a youth group. 
According to Muckala, "the band got started out of a desire that God gave me to put together a group that . . . really was focused on reaching kids and not just playing music either. I've always felt that Christian music should be a medium that reaches into the mainstream." 
Signed in early 1998 to Essential Records, 
Mukala released their debut album, "Fiction", in September. 
The band's musical style drew comparisons to Silage, Smash Mouth, and Beck. 
Their first single, "Soap", received airplay on Christian rock and Top 40 radio stations. 
In an industry first, the single "Regret" was released as an Internet download. 
"Regret" was also featured on the soundtrack of the 1999 movie "Drive Me Crazy", starring Melissa Joan Hart and Adrian Grenier. Since the album's release, Muckala became a record producer for such artists as the Backstreet Boys, Nick Lachey, Kimberly Locke, Ace Young, The Afters, Rachel Lampa, and Brandon Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="9805029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805029" title="Eumorpha capronnieri">
Eumorpha capronnieri

Eumorpha capronnieri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from French Guiana to southern Nicaragua, Costa Rica and probably Panama. Southwards it is found up to Bolivia and northern Argentina.
The wingspan is 102-106 mm. It is similar to "Eumorpha phorbas", but can be distinguished by the forewing upperside pattern of mottled green and brown areas. Furthermore, the underside of the wings and body is less yellow, especially in the female.
Adults are on wing year round. They feed on the nectar of various flowers.
The larvae probably feed on Vitaceae, Apocynaceae or Onagraceae species. 

</doc>
<doc id="9805113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805113" title="1919 in the United Kingdom">
1919 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1919 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9805121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805121" title="Mayor of Cape Town">
Mayor of Cape Town

The Mayor of Cape Town is the head of the local government of Cape Town, South Africa; currently that government takes the form of the City of Cape Town Metropolitan Municipality. In the past, the position of Mayor has varied between that of an executive mayor actively governing the city and that of a figurehead mayor with a mostly ceremonial role. The current Mayor is Patricia de Lille.
Current Office.
This is a list of Mayors of Cape Town in South Africa:

</doc>
<doc id="9805131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805131" title="Ontario Professional Hockey League">
Ontario Professional Hockey League

The Ontario Professional Hockey League (OPHL), sometimes referred to as the Trolley League, and also known as the Canadian Hockey League in its time, was a professional ice hockey league in Canada. It was a fully professional league and consisted of teams from Toronto and surrounding communities. The league's annual champion would challenge for the Stanley Cup, but none were successful.
History.
Founding.
The Ontario Professional Hockey League was organized in November 1907. The Toronto Professionals had been playing exhibition games against teams of the International Professional Hockey League and other teams with attendances of over 1,000 per game. In early November 1907, the International League had folded, reducing the number of opponents for Toronto, who could not play any amateur teams in Ontario. At the annual meeting of the Toronto team on November 7, the first discussions of a possible league were held. A founding meeting was held in Berlin, Ontario (now Kitchener) on November 12 where a league was formed with Berlin, Brantford, Guelph, and Toronto. The league's initial name was the "Canadian Hockey League" and the officers were:
The league was organized at a meeting on November 22 in Guelph where the schedule was set. The rules would be based on the Ontario Hockey Association and the International League. Representatives of Galt had shown interest in being a part of the league but withdrew their application.
Seasons.
The Toronto team became league champions in the OPHL's first season and challenged for the Stanley Cup in 1908, losing to the champion Montreal Wanderers from the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association (ECAHA). In the 1908 off-season, Brantford left the league and was replaced by Galt and St. Catharines. Galt would win the OPHL championship and Galt challenged for the Stanley Cup in January 1909, losing to Ottawa team of the ECAHA. After the 1909 season, Guelph, St. Catharines and Toronto left the league.
In 1910 the OPHL added the Waterloo Colts to become a four-team league. Berlin got off to such a strong start in the season, that the league decided to start a new season in later January. In March 1910, Berlin challenged the Wanderers for the Cup and were defeated. The league's final attempt to win the Cup came a year later in March 1911, with Galt again losing to Ottawa, which now played in the National Hockey Association (NHA) .
The league disbanded after the 1911 season. The OPHL teams were raided for players by the NHA after the NHA was itself raided for players by the Pacific Coast Hockey Association(PCHA). Players who left included Eddie Oatman, Jack McDonald and Goldie Prodgers. The Moncton Victorias of the Maritime Professional Hockey League(MPHL) signed nearly all of the champion Galt team's players. The Victorias would win the MPHL championship and challenge NHA champion Quebec.
A namesake league would play for one season in 1930–31 with teams in Galt, Guelph, Kitchener, Niagara Falls, Oshawa and Stratford.
Teams.
† Guelph and St. Catharines withdrew after six games of the schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="9805153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805153" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Juticalpa">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Juticalpa

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Juticalpa (erected 6 March 1949, as the Territorial Prelature of Inmaculada Concepción de la B.V.M. en Olancho) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa. It was elevated as the Diocese of Juticalpa on 31 October 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9805160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805160" title="Nick Lindahl">
Nick Lindahl

Nick Lindahl (born 31 July 1988 in Malmö, Sweden) is a professional Australian tennis player.
Personal life.
Although he was born in Australia he has Swedish father and Indonesian mother. He has one older brother, David Lindahl.
Tennis career.
Early career.
Nick first gained recognition as a tennis player when he made the Australian Open Boy's Final in 2006. He lost to French teenager Alexandre Sidorenko 6–3 7–6 (7–4).
In August 2006, Nick won his first official tournament, winning the Futures event in Australia F6. He beat fellow Aussie Sadik Kadir 2–6 6–4 6–4.
Nick won his second Futures event in Indonesia F4 defeating Colin Ebelthite to retirement in the final.
Playing in his first official ATP match in the 2007 Thailand Open after qualifying and a ranking of 308 in the world, the Australian player caused a major upset defeating Sam Querrey of the United States, 59 in the world at the time, in the first round 2–6 6–4 6–3. Unfornately he couldn't replicate his form in the second round, losing to fellow qualifier Wang Yeu-Tzuoo 3–6 3–6. The event earned him $6,450 and 15 ATP points.
Nick has won 2 more Futures events on the Australian Kia Pro Circuit.
Nick won a wildcard into the 2008 Australian Open. His first round match was against Richard Gasquet on 14 January 2008, he lost the match 0–6 1–6 6–3 2–6.
After a successful 2009 campaign that had varied results on both the challenger and futures circuit Lindahl was able to raise his ranking to a career high of 229 but finished the year at 251. After the conclusion of the 2009 season Lindahl competed in an Australian Open Wildcard playoff tournament where he remained undefeated through the entire tournament and beat young gun Bernard Tomic in the final in five sets to claim a place in the main draw of the 2010 Australian Open.
2010.
He entered the qualifying draw for the 2010 Brisbane International. He was seeded eighth for the qualifiers and defeated Tobias Kamke 7-6(6) 7-6(6), Joel Lindner 6-7(5) 6-3 6-4 and no. 1 seed Xavier Malisse 6-1 7-6(2) to qualify. In the main draw, he lost to eventual semifinalist and fourth seed Tomáš Berdych 2-6 4-6 in the first round.
He was given a wildcard to the 2010 Medibank International Sydney and was defeated by Marcos Baghdatis 2-6 5-7. He also fell in the first round of the 2010 Australian Open to Jarkko Nieminen 6-2 7-5 6-4
Lindahl's American spring of 2010 was fairly successful including two ATP qualifications in Del Ray Beach and Houston, however he fell in the opening round to Florian Mayer and Xavier Malisse respectively. In November 2010 he decided to play under the Swedish flag. In July 2011 he decided to play under the Australian flag again.

</doc>
<doc id="9805162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805162" title="Eumorpha elisa">
Eumorpha elisa

Eumorpha elisa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico and Guatemala.
Adults are greenish-grey and recognizable by the rhombiform patch on the posterior margin of the hindwing upperside with dark basal and distal edges. The forewing upperside ground colour is greyish-brown with darker greenish-grey markings.
The larvae probably feed on grape and vine species.

</doc>
<doc id="9805176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805176" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of San Pedro Sula">
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Pedro Sula

The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Pedro Sula (erected 2 February 1916, as the Vicariate Apostolic of San Pedro Sula) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa. It was elevated on 6 July 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9805190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805190" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Copán">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Copán

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Copán (erected 2 February 1916) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.

</doc>
<doc id="9805218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805218" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo (Honduras)">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo (Honduras)

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo (erected 3 July 1987) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.

</doc>
<doc id="9805229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805229" title="6J">
6J

6J or 6-J can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9805230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805230" title="Hamstead">
Hamstead

Hamstead can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9805245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805245" title="Scott Hylands">
Scott Hylands

Scott Hylands (born 1943 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian actor who has appeared in movies, television, and on the stage. He is probably best known for his role of Detective Kevin "O.B." O'Brien on the television series "Night Heat", played from 1985 to 1989. He appeared as Father Travis in the ABC-TV series "V".

</doc>
<doc id="9805257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805257" title="Moruya Airport">
Moruya Airport

Moruya Airport is an airport located northeast of Moruya, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Built in 1942, at Moruya Heads by the RAAF as RAAF Base Moruya, consisting of three runways. Moruya was home to the No 11 Operational Base Unit to provide support for RAAF aircraft utilising the airfield.
Expansion.
Eurobadalla Shire Council is planning to enlarge the terminal, increase the size of the apron, extend the runway and build a parallel taxiway.

</doc>
<doc id="9805309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805309" title="Ganj">
Ganj

Ganj may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9805339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805339" title="Henry Petrie">
Henry Petrie

Henry Petrie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9805351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805351" title="Mount Gambier Airport">
Mount Gambier Airport

Mount Gambier Airport is an airport in the Limestone Coast, South Australia.
It is located on the Riddoch Highway in Wandilo about north of Mount Gambier. It is the only commercial airport servicing the Limestone Coast region of South Australia. Currently Regional Express Airlines is the only airline servicing the airport, with multiple daily flights to Adelaide and Melbourne with Saab 340 turboprop aircraft.
O'Connor Airlines, which ceased operations 14 December 2007, was formerly based at the airport. The assets of O'Connor Airlines were purchased by Mount Gambier businessman Adrian de Bruin in February 2008 and used to form the nucleus of air charter company de Bruin Air.
History.
The original Mount Gambier aerodrome was established when Mr H.S. (Stan) May and Mr S.C. Davis purchased land directly opposite the present airport on the Riddoch Highway. An aerodrome was established and basic infrastructure provided with the aerodrome officially opened on 21 May 1930. Scheduled airline services to Adelaide and Melbourne began the same year. The aerodrome owners then purchased 82 hectares of land that was part of 'Croyle Estate' and then another 66 hectares of the same property on 2 June 1936. This site is where the airport is today. A licence was granted by the then-Civil Aviation Branch of the Department of Defence on 1 July 1936 and the new airport began hosting regular public transport flights. 
In July 1939 the Federal Government purchased the aerodrome from its civilian owners and commenced the construction of a Royal Australian Air Force base which was to house the No. 2 Air Observers School (2AOS). It was officially formed on 6 February 1941 and the first intake of trainees began on 6 March 1941.
The school had its own ambulance, hospital, butcher, gymnasium and even cinema and at its peak was home to over 1000 personnel. It was eventually disbanded in January 1946 after training over 4000 Air Observers, Navigators and Wireless Operators, of which many served with RAF Bomber Command over Germany, Atlantic Ocean, the Middle East and South East Asia. 2AOS also conducted coastal surveillance operations in the South East of South Australia, reporting a number of submarine sightings.
On 29 May 1947 the airport was handed over to the Department of Civil Aviation and this saw the return of regular public transport flights to the region with Ansett Airways announcing that a daily service would operate between Mount Gambier and Melbourne. In July 1947 the Mount Gambier Gliding Club was formed and over the next 40 years the airport continued to prosper as a critical port for flights from Adelaide and Melbourne.
Upgrade.
In 2011 it was announced that Mount Gambier Airport would be upgraded under a $3.4 million program. This project was partly funded by the Government of South Australia who awarded a $500,000 infrastructure grant with the balance coming from the airport's reserve fund. The upgrade, part of a 15 year redevelopment plan, will strengthen the main runway, aprons and taxiways, to enable larger aircraft to operate to the airport and help increase to areas tourism appeal.
Operations.
QantasLink.
In 2009 QantasLink said it was exploring further services into regional South Australia, including flights to Mount Gambier. The airline has announced it will introduce a new air service between Adelaide to Port Lincoln, however QantasLink says while Port Lincoln is its primary focus, it will explore further expansion into regional areas.
Statistics.
Mount Gambier Airport was ranked 45th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.
Aero Club.
The Mount Gambier Aero Club Inc. was originally formed in the 1930s and continued through to the Second World War when the airport was taken over by the Royal Australian Air Force. The present day aero club was established as the Mount Gambier Gliding and Soaring Club in July 1947 and continued under this name until 31 May 1957 when it was renamed the Mount Gambier Aero Club, the name used to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="9805427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805427" title="Sing to God">
Sing to God

Sing to God is the seventh album by Cardiacs and their first with drummer Bob Leith.
"Sing to God" was also the band's first double album, due to the sheer amount of material that group leader Tim Smith had written over a number of years with little or no Cardiacs live performances. The album was initially released as a limited run of 3000 double album sets, and later as two separate CDs. It is named after a children's hymn book owned by former Cardiacs keyboardist William D. Drake, although Smith has stressed the album is not a religious work. 
Background.
The album was preceded by the release of the "Bellyeye" single on Org Records (the record-releasing wing of long-term Cardiacs’ supporters Organ Magazine). The album featured two further singles, "Manhoo" and "Odd Even", both released (like the album) on the band's own Alphabet Business Concern label. None of the three singles charted.
The album was notable for a change in Cardiacs' working methods. Whereas most previous material had been written and arranged by Tim Smith, the "Sing to God" sessions saw extensive contributions from Jon Poole who played a strong role in orchestrating Smith's basic material with detailed riffs and keyboard parts (and contributed several songs entirely written by himself). Drummer Bob Leith also made significant contributions to the album's lyrics.
The album also features material from various Cardiacs related projects. The track "Nurses Whispering Verses" had been recorded twice before, once on the band's 1981 cassette album "Toy World" and once on the original cassette release of the band's 1984 album "The Seaside" (it was removed from the 1995 CD reissue). "Bell Stinks", "Bell Clinks" and "Angleworm Angel" were all taken from the repertoire of the thrash band Panixsphere (which featured Tim Smith and Jon Poole alongside Christian Hayes and David Francolini of Levitation). "Billion" is allegedly the first song which Tim Smith ever wrote, resurrected and recorded many years after its composition. The song "Wireless" features Tim Smith reading from a children's story called "Peril on the Sea" written by Dawn Staple (who would join the band in 2004 as a percussionist and backing singer).
Track listing.
All songs written by Tim Smith unless otherwise indicated.
External Links.
Official Cardiacs site

</doc>
<doc id="9805429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805429" title="Dale Ishimoto">
Dale Ishimoto

Dale Ishimoto (April 3, 1923 – March 4, 2004) was an American actor of Japanese descent. He was born in Delta, Colorado in 1923 and was raised in Guadalupe, California.
Military service.
After being sent to the Gila River internment camp in Arizona, Ishimoto volunteered to fight in World War II, joining the 442nd Regimental Combat Team. After two years, he was awarded a Purple Heart and given a medical discharge.
Entertainment career.
After starting a business in Chicago, he moved back to California, where he grew up, and started his acting career by acting at the Altadena Playhouse. He became a "familiar figure" for playing "villainous Japanese soldiers".
Over the course of his career, he acted in a wide variety of TV and movies, such as Vice Admiral Boshiro Hosogaya in "Midway" (1976) and a Korean doctor in "MASH" (1970).
He became famous in the late 1990s for his appearances in television commercials for Nissan in which he portrayed Mr. K, supposedly Yutaka Katayama, the company's former president.
Personal life.
Ishimoto married Miiko Taka in Baltimore in 1944, and they had one son and one daughter. They divorced in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9805435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805435" title="Byzantine chain">
Byzantine chain

A Byzantine chain is a metal link chain design used in jewellery that incorporates a rope-like texture and intriguing textural design. The chains are supple and flexible, draping gracefully about the neck. The origin of the name Byzantine is not known.
The chain is a 4 in 1 chain meaning that each link passes through four others. It is a variation on the Box chain whose links point in a constant direction, unlike Byzantine whose links alternate in direction. 
Aspect ratio is found by taking the inner diameter of the jump ring and dividing it by the diameter of the wire used to make the jump ring. 
The pattern has also been called 'Etruscan', 'Birdcage', 'Fool's Dilemma', 'Idiot's Trap', 'Idiot's Delight', and 'Bird's Nest' but Byzantine is the most common name.

</doc>
<doc id="9805443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805443" title="Professional Girl Wrestling Association">
Professional Girl Wrestling Association

The Professional Girl Wrestling Association (PGWA) was founded in 1992. The aim of the PGWA is to preserve and promote "Old School" women's pro wrestling. Based in North Carolina, the organization frequently sponsors matches and whole cards in the Mid-Atlantic and Mid-South states, as well as in Mexico and the United Kingdom through partnerships with other regional promotions. From its founding in 1992 until her death in mid-2008, the Commissioner of the PGWA was Penny Banner.
Purpose.
The company sets up wrestling matches for independent female wrestlers—wrestlers that are not signed to a major company—video tapes the matches and sells them to help promote their careers. Because the women do not sign exclusive contracts, they are free to wrestle in other promotions or major wrestling companies. Unlike many female-only wrestling organizations, PGWA does not overly emphasize the sexuality of the female wrestlers, nor does it promote them as "eye-candy", but rather stresses their skills and ability.
PGWA matches tend to run 15 to 30 minutes, as opposed to the usual 5 to 10 minutes often allotted female wrestlers by promoters. This allows wrestlers to display a full range of their abilities, rather than having to focus on a few key moves in the short span of time their match allows.
History.
The Professional Girl Wrestling Association (PGWA) was founded in 1992 in North Carolina by sportswriter Tom Randolph. Randolph brought a video camera to one of Susan Green's training sessions and later videotaped a match between her and Judy Martin. Green later became the promotion's first champion.
In 2002, the promotion began holding events in the United Kingdom and Europe. The 2004 show "Summer Heat", filmed in Nashville, Tennessee, had the largest card in the promotion's history to that time with 16 women wrestling at the event. In October 2004, PGWA co-promoted the first ChickFight tournament, which later became an annual event, with All Pro Wrestling. In November 2008, after the death of Penny Banner, Susan Green became the new commissioner of the PGWA.
LadySports.
Concurrent with the launch of the PGWA in 1992, the promotion began selling a women's wrestling newsletter called "Connections". Shortly, this was transformed into a quarterly magazine titled "LadySports" (3 issues of a sister magazine, "LadyBoxer", were also published in the late 1990s). The PGWA staff also frequently supplied photographs and feature articles to such newsstand publications as "Wrestling Eye", "PWI", "WOW!" and "Fighting Females". Since the mid-90s, a LadySports Online website has also been maintained. With the cessation of the quarterly magazine, publishing efforts were shifted to the website, which not only offers downloads of PGWA matches and features on PGWA talent, but also provides coverage for non-PGWA women, from wrestlers to valets and referees.
Rookies of the Year.
"The Rookie of the Year Award was retired after 2003 and replaced with the fan-voted Most Promising Wrestler Award. It was revived in 2010."
Most Promising Wrestler of the Year.
"The Most Promising award was retooled after '08 into the Wrestler of the Year award"
Wrestler of the Year.
"This award is determined by fan balloting at ProWrestlingDigest.com"

</doc>
<doc id="9805446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805446" title="Juggling ball">
Juggling ball

Juggling balls, or simply balls, are a popular prop used by jugglers, either on their own—usually in sets of three or more—or in combination with other props such as clubs or rings. A juggling ball refers to a juggling object that is roughly spherical in nature.
Types.
Beanbags are the most common type of juggling ball. Juggling beanbags are typically constructed with an outer shell made from several pieces of vinyl or imitation leather, and filled with millet, birdseed or other material designed to give the beanbag bulk. Beanbags come in a variety of colors, the most common being "beach" (a combination of Red, Yellow, Blue and Green on each piece of the outer shell), white, black, and other colors that are easily visible. Beanbags are preferred by many jugglers because of their lack of bounce and roll when dropped, the ease with which they are caught, and their reasonable price and availability. Beanbags are generally found in sizes ranging from 2"-3" in diameter, though smaller beanbags with less filling in them are sometimes used by numbers jugglers, who require a smaller and lighter ball to facilitate throwing and catching many balls in the same hand.
Stage Balls are often used during juggling performances. Stage balls have a polished outer shell, typically made of plastic or hard rubber, and are hollow. For this reason, stage balls can be manufactured to a greater diameter than beanbags, whilst maintaining a more manageable weight for the juggler. Furthermore, stage balls hold their shape and color better than beanbags making them a more visual prop. Stage balls, however, tend to bounce or roll away when dropped, and therefore are not commonly used during practice. Stage balls are generally found in sizes ranging from 2.5"-4" in diameter, though many performers such as Sergej Ignatov have used balls larger than 4" when performing, for extra dramatic effect.
DX/Russian Balls are a style of juggling balls that combines many of the benefits of both beanbags and stage balls. DX balls are constructed with a hard PVC outer shell, similar to a stage ball, and are part-filled with millet seed, to give the ball a consistent weight. This produces a juggling ball that flies consistently in the air, and does not roll away when dropped. The DX ball is patented in the UK by Beard Enterprises Ltd.
Silicone Balls are a type of juggling ball most commonly used during bounce juggling and stage performances. These balls are made of silicone and have the same clean appearance as stage balls, a surface which is easy to grip and catch, and have a consistent, high bounce. Silicone balls are also easier to clean than stage balls, which can often scuff permanently. Unfortunately, these balls often cost 5-7 times more than beanbags or stage balls, which often limits the use of these balls to performers and serious hobbyists.
Russian Balls share some of the advantages of stage balls (rigidity, better visually) and some advantages of beanbags (dead drop). They comprise a thin shell with most of the weight being in a granular material (sand or salt being the most common). This gives them slightly unusual flight characteristics, but the low centre of mass makes them well suited for catches using other parts of the body than hands. They are common home-made balls since the parts involved are cheap. This makes them well-suited for experimentation regarding different sizes and weights, with the main limitation being the availability of the shells. Play, from Italy, makes a similar ball with a slightly thicker shell which is partially filled with liquid silicon.
Use.
Juggling balls are usually the first props that beginners attempt to juggle with, due to their simplicity (compared to other juggling props) and availability. Additionally, many common types of balls can function as juggling balls for a beginning juggler (such as tennis balls or baseballs). Most novice jugglers often spend much time learning how to control three balls before moving on to other juggling props. However, some jugglers prefer to stick with focusing on only one juggling prop in order to achieve "mastery" of one art.
For the more advanced juggler, juggling balls are often used to demonstrate basic patterns such as the cascade, fountain, shower and half-shower, and can be used to form more creative juggling patterns as well, such as patterns involving throws around the body, blind throws or catches, and throwing or catching with parts of the body other than the hands. Typically, more advanced jugglers will juggle between four and seven balls at once, though many advanced jugglers can juggle more than seven balls at once, partially due to the fact that juggling balls can be manufactured in small sizes and light weights, and beanbags can be underfilled to facilitate ease of catching. 
However, some juggling tricks, such as those typically done with clubs or rings that involve spinning or twirling the prop are not as effective with balls, since the perception of a juggling ball remains the same from whichever angle the ball is viewed. The use of juggling balls in passing is, for this reason, less popular than the use of clubs, since the spin of the clubs in the air is often one of the appeals of passing with juggling clubs (and also because a club is larger, and therefore easier to catch when thrown from a great height or distance).
Juggling balls can also be used for contact juggling, a form of juggling in which the juggler never throws the objects. Typically, the contact juggler will use stage balls or balls specifically designed for contact juggling.
Records.
The record for the most juggling balls juggled (where a "juggle" is defined as at least two throws and catches of each prop) in toss juggling is ten. The record for most balls juggled in bounce juggling is eleven. Enrico Rastelli is also widely reported to have been able to juggle ten balls in the 1920s. The record for the most juggling balls flashed (where each prop is thrown and caught once) is thirteen, by Alex Barron on October 21, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9805448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805448" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Managua">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Managua

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Managua (erected 2 December 1913) is a metropolitan diocese, and its suffragan dioceses include Esteli, Granada, Jinotega, Juigalpa, León en Nicaragua and Matagalpa.

</doc>
<doc id="9805478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805478" title="Mount Magnet Airport">
Mount Magnet Airport

Mount Magnet Airport is an airport at Mount Magnet, Western Australia. The airport received over $400,000 for security updates in 2006. The funds are allocated for a secure baggage area, fencing, lighting, and connecting the airport to the Western Power grid.

</doc>
<doc id="9805494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805494" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Estelí">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Estelí

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Esteli (erected 17 December 1962) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua.

</doc>
<doc id="9805496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805496" title="KBS Classic FM">
KBS Classic FM

KBS Classic FM (also known as "KBS 1FM") is a South Korean radio network operated by the Korean Broadcasting System. Most of the schedule is assigned to classical music, equivalent to BBC Radio 3.

</doc>
<doc id="9805513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805513" title="Love Songs (Heart album)">
Love Songs (Heart album)

Love Songs is a compilation album by the American rock band Heart. It was released January 10, 2006.
The collection features a couple of rarities: the live version here of "Unchained Melody" was originally included in the vinyl edition of "Greatest Hits Live" in 1980, but omitted from the CD release of that collection due to initial limitations in CD technology in relation to album length. To date, "Greatest Hits Live" is yet to be re-issued as a complete album on CD, so the inclusion of "Unchained Melody" here marks the only current CD availability of this Heart track.
"Love Song", as well as being exclusive to this CD release, is the only Heart version in this live performance of Duncan's track ever recorded. "Love Song", "Alone" and "These Dreams" are all taken from Heart's live Soundstage performance in 2005, and are the only CD releases from that show, as well as being featured on the full DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="9805515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805515" title="Harold Goldsmith">
Harold Goldsmith

Harold David Goldsmith, known as Hal (July 20, 1930, in Germany – March 13, 2004, in New York, New York) was an American foil and epee fencer. Featured in the CCNY Athletic Hall of Fame since 1970, and gold and silver medals at the 
[http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,816300,00.html?iid=chix-sphere] at the Pan American Games in 1951 and 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9805552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805552" title="Murray Island Airport">
Murray Island Airport

Murray Island Airport is an airport on Murray Island, in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9805562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805562" title="Switching">
Switching

Switching may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9805568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805568" title="Brent Brandon">
Brent Brandon

Brent D. Brandon (born 1960) is a former U.S. Air Force officer and Electronic Warfare Officer who scored an air-to-air kill against an Iraqi Dassault Mirage F1, in the opening minutes of the Gulf War on January 17, 1991. During an engagement that involved aggressive, low-altitude maneuvering, the F-1 impacted the ground making Brandon's unarmed EF-111 the only F-111 to achieve an aerial victory over another aircraft.
Background.
After schooling near Oxford, England, Brent graduated in 1978 from The Bahrain School, an international high school in the Persian Gulf with students from 28 nations. He earned an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy, graduating in 1984 as the outstanding graduate in military performance and the outstanding graduate in political science. He earned a Master of Public Policy degree in 1986 from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. During his fellowship, he completed a policy analysis for the U.S. State Department's Bureau for Near East Asia, served as research assistant for the director of Harvard's Mid-East Center and performed economic policy analysis on trade for the Japanese Consulate in Boston.
As an United States Air Force captain, Brent completed undergraduate navigator training as a distinguished graduate and received his wings in 1988. He was assigned to the EF-111 fighter aircraft at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho after winning the Air Force's award for Leadership, Flying and Academic Excellence and top honors in the AT-38 at Lead-In Fighter training at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico.
He is the author of "The Evolution of Nuclear Deterrence" in "American Defense Policy" and has been the keynote speaker across the northwest, including at a state-wide banquet whose former keynote speakers included Vice President Richard B. Cheney. As spokesman for Washington Group International, he has been widely quoted in media sources including the New York Times, Fortune Magazine, and major network affiliates. He is a contributing author to American Defense (Johns Hopkins Press.)

</doc>
<doc id="9805573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805573" title="Gore baronets">
Gore baronets

There have been three baronetcies created for members of the Gore family, all in the Baronetage of Ireland. All three titles are extant. The family also holds two earldoms and a barony.
Gore baronets of Magherabegg (1622).
The Gore Baronetcy, "of Magherabegg (or Manor Gore) in the County of Donegal" was created in the Baronetage of Ireland on 2 February 1622 for Paul Gore (shown also as 1st baronet of Manor Gore, the Anglicized version). The fourth Baronet served as Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer and as Speaker of the Irish House of Commons. The fifth Baronet represented County Donegal in the Irish Parliament. The sixth Baronet was a prominent military commander. In 1764 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Gore, of Manor Gore in the County of Donegal, and in 1768 he was further created Viscount Belleisle, of Belleisle, in the County of Fermanagh. In 1772 he was further honoured when he was made Earl of Ross, in the County of Fermanagh. All three titles were in the Peerage of Ireland. However, Lord Ross had no surviving male issue and the peerages became extinct on his death in 1802, while the baronetcy passed to his nephew. The present holder of the baronetcy lives in Australia.
The heir apparent is the present holder's only son Timothy Milton Corbet Gore (b. 1969).
Gore baronets of Newtown (1662).
The Gore Baronetcy, "of Newtown in the County of Mayo", was created in the Baronetage of Ireland on 10 April 1662 for Arthur Gore. He was the 2nd son of the 1st Baronet (1622 creation). His great-grandson and namesake 3rd Baronet, was in 1762 elevated to the peerage as Earl of Arran.
A notable family member was Cecilia Underwood, Duchess of Inverness. She was born Lady Cecilia Letitia Gore ("c." 1785-1873) and was the illegally-married second wife of Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex, a younger son of King George III.
The family is currently represented by Arthur Gore, 9th Earl of Arran (b1938). His heir presumptive is currently Paul Annesley Gore (born 1921), a distant cousin.
Gore, later Gore-Booth, of Artarman (1760).
The Gore, later Gore-Booth Baronetcy, "of Artarman in the County of Sligo", was created in the Baronetage of Ireland on 30 August 1760 for Booth Gore, descendant of Sir Francis Gore, 4th son of the 1st Baronet (1622 creation). He married Lætitia, daughter and heiress of Humphrey Booth.
The family has a common origin with the Earl of Arran, Earl Temple of Stowe, Baron Harlech, the Gore baronets of 1622 creation, and the ancient Booth baronets.
In 1804 the 3rd baronet assumed the additional surname and arms of Booth by Royal Licence. The 4th Baronet represented County Sligo in the British House of Commons for many years. The Irish nationalist Constance, Countess Markiewicz, was born the daughter of the 5th baronet Sir Henry Gore-Booth of this branch. As a descendant of the 1st Gore Baronet of Magherabegg, the present baronet is remainder to the title.
The family seat was Lissadell House, near Carney, County Sligo.
The heir presumptive is the present holder's first cousin Paul Wyatt Julian Gore-Booth (b. 1968).<br>
The heir presumptive's heir apparent is his son Dominic Peter Gore-Booth (b. 2004).
Other branches, including Earls Temple of Stowe and Lords Harlech.
Several other members of the Gore family have also gained prominence and higher ranks. Sir John Gore, brother of the first Baronet of the 1622 creation, was Lord Mayor of London in 1624 and is the ancestor of the branch of the family which later inherited through marriage the earldom of Temple of Stowe. His descendants are now Earls Temple of Stowe.
John Gore, 1st Baron Annaly (first creation) (1718–1784), and Henry Gore, 1st Baron Annaly (second creation) (1728–1793), were the sons of George Gore, second son of the first Baronet of the 1662 creation. These titles, created as Baron Annaly of Tenelick, in the county of Longford, were created 1766 and 1789 for two brothers who died childless; both titles are now extinct.
John Ormsby-Gore, 1st Baron Harlech, was a descendant of William Gore, third and youngest son of the first Baronet of the 1662 creation. His descendants are now Lords Harlech.

</doc>
<doc id="9805574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805574" title="Raymond F. Boyce">
Raymond F. Boyce

Raymond 'Ray' Boyce (died 1974) was an American computer scientist who was known for his research in relational databases. He is most known for his work co-developing the SQL database language and Boyce-Codd normal form.
Biography.
Boyce grew up in New York, and went to college in Providence, Rhode Island. He earned his PhD in computer science at Purdue in 1971 [http://www.cs.purdue.edu/phds/#Jun_1971]. During his time at Purdue, he met his wife Sandy who was a nursing student. After leaving Purdue he worked on database projects for IBM in Yorktown Heights, New York. In the short period that he had, which was not quite two years long, he co-developed Boyce–Codd normal form. Together with Donald D. Chamberlin he co-developed Structured Query Language (SQL) while managing the Relation Database development group for IBM in San Jose, California. He died in 1974 as a result of an aneurysm of the brain, leaving behind his wife of almost five years, Sandy, and his daughter Kristin, who was just ten months old.
SQL.
SQL was initially co-developed at IBM by Boyce alongside Donald D. Chamberlin in the early 1970s. Initially called SEQUEL (Structured English Query Language) and based on their original language called SQUARE (Specifying Queries As Relational Expressions). SEQUEL was designed to manipulate and retrieve data in relational databases. By 1974, Chamberlin and Boyce published “SEQUEL: A Structured English Query Language” which detailed their refinements to SQUARE and introduced us to the data retrieval aspects of SEQUEL It was one of the first languages to use Edgar F. Codd's relational model. SEQUEL was later renamed to SQL by dropping the vowels, because SEQUEL was a trade mark registered by the Hawker Siddeley aircraft company.[http://ccollins.wordpress.com/2007/05/20/history-of-sql/. Today, SQL has been generally established as the standard relational databases language.
Boyce-Codd normal form.
Boyce–Codd normal form (or BCNF) was developed in 1974 by Boyce and Edgar F. Codd. It is a type of normal form that is used in database normalization. The goal of relational database design is to generate a set of database schemas that store information without unnecessary redundancy. Boyce-Codd accomplishes this and allows users to retrieve information easily. Using BCNF, databases will have all redundancy removed based on functional dependencies. It is a slightly stronger version of the third normal form.

</doc>
<doc id="9805579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805579" title="Narrabri Airport">
Narrabri Airport

Narrabri Airport is an airport located northeast of Narrabri, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9805601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805601" title="Sunbeam Theatre">
Sunbeam Theatre

Sunbeam Theatre (Chinese: 新光戲院) is a landmark theatre in Hong Kong showcasing Cantonese opera. It is located at 423 King's Road, North Point, near the intersection with Shu Kuk Street.
History of Theatre
In the 1950s, many of the Shanghainese people emigrants moved from Shanghai to Hong Kong and settled in the North Point area. At the time Shanghai was known for its leftist revolutions, and many of the leftist supported businesses relocated to North Point. Aside from the China Products Department stores, the Sunbeam Theatre is one of the landmark theatres to have been started by that same group of emigrants. It was established by "Hua Chang Enterprises Ltd" in 1972. Later it was turned over to "Silver Entertainment Ltd" on 1 September 1980 to Henry Fok, chairman of "Sunbeam Entertainment". In 1988 Yao-Hung, chairman of the board of "Hong Kong United Arts Entertainment Company Ltd" took over its operation.
In 1989, the theatre was divided into two auditoriums, with the smaller one converted from the balcony for showing films, while the larger one converted from the stalls for stage performances.
In 1993, Chung Sun Sing Opera Troupe had a season of 38 consecutive full-house shows at the Sunbeam Theatre, winning the theatre the title of "Hong Kong's Grand Palace for Cantonese Opera".
The property was acquired by Francis Law Sau-fai in 2003 for HK$162 million. There were plans to transform it into a shopping mall. 
The lease of the theatre, ended in February 2009. After much public debate about the possible closure of the theatre and discussions about alternative options, the lease with the operator of the Theatre was renewed for three years, while the landlord had made clear his plan to redevelop the theatre three years later. Legislative Counci Pane on Home Affairs At the same time, the Government was planning to provide HK$100,000 each month, through the Arts Development Council to subsidise the rental of the Theatre.
In 2012 an arrangement was made by a mystery person named Mr. Leung to have landlord Francis Law Sau-fai meet with opera playwright Li Kui-ming to talk about the rent situation Law accepted the rent at a cost of HK$1 million a month. This allowed the property to stay a Cantonese opera theatre The mystery man was later said to be Hong Kong Chief Executive election, 2012 chief executive election candidate Chun-ying.

</doc>
<doc id="9805604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805604" title="Château de Brézé">
Château de Brézé

]
Château de Brézé is a small, dry-moated castle located in Brézé, near Saumur in the Loire Valley, France.
The château was transformed during the 16th and the 19th centuries. The current structure is Renaissance in style yet retains medieval elements including a drawbridge and a 12th-century trogloditic basement. Today, it is the residence of descendants of the ancient lords. The château is a listed ancient monument originally dating from 1060.
A range of wines are produced at the château which has 30 hectares of vineyards.

</doc>
<doc id="9805610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805610" title="Arthur J. Lamb">
Arthur J. Lamb

Arthur J. Lamb (12 August 1870 – 10 August 1928) was a British lyricist best known for the 1897 song "Asleep in the Deep" and the 1900 song "A Bird in a Gilded Cage". He collaborated with many song-writers, including Albert Von Tilzer, Harry Von Tilzer, Henry W. Petrie and Kerry Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="9805628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805628" title="Susan Jacoby">
Susan Jacoby

Susan Jacoby (; born June 4, 1945) is an American author. Her 2008 book about American anti-intellectualism, "The Age of American Unreason", was a "New York Times" best seller. She is an atheist and a secularist. Jacoby graduated from Michigan State University in 1965. She lives in New York City and is program director of the New York branch of the Center for Inquiry.
Life and career.
Jacoby, who began her career as a reporter for "The Washington Post", has been a contributor to a wide variety of national publications, including "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", "The American Prospect", "Mother Jones", "The Nation", "Glamour", and the "AARP Bulletin" and "AARP Magazine". She is currently a panelist for "On Faith," a Washington Post-Newsweek blog on religion. As a young reporter she lived for two years in the USSR.
Her book "Freethinkers: A History of American Secularism" was named a notable book of 2004 by "The Washington Post" and "The New York Times". It was also named an Outstanding International Book of the Year by the "Times Literary Supplement" (London) and "The Guardian". "Wild Justice: The Evolution of Revenge" (1984) was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. Jacoby also won an Alicia Patterson Journalism Fellowship
Raised in a Roman Catholic home (her mother was from an Irish Catholic family), Jacoby was 24 before she learned that her father, Robert, had been born into a Jewish family. Jacoby explored these roots in her 2000 book "Half-Jew: A Daughter's Search for Her Family's Buried Past".
Jacoby has argued that the idea of anti-Catholicism being "a significant force in American life today is a complete canard, perpetrated by theologically and politically right-wing Roman Catholics . . . and aimed at anyone who stands up to the Church's continuing attempts to impose its values on all Americans."
In "The Age of American Unreason" (2008) Jacoby contends that the dumbing down of America, which she describes as "a virulent mixture of anti-rationalism and low expectations", is more a permanent state than a temporary one whose basis is the top down influence of false populist politicians striving to be seen as approachable instead of intelligent. She writes that the increasing use of colloquial and casual language in official speech, such as referring to everyone as "folks", is "symptomatic of a debasement of public speech inseparable from a more general erosion of American cultural standards" and "conveys an implicit denial of the seriousness of whatever issue is being debated: talking about folks going off to war is the equivalent of describing rape victims as girls."
In February 2010 she was named to the Freedom From Religion Foundation's Honorary Board of distinguished achievers. Also in 2010, she was awarded The Richard Dawkins Award by Atheist Alliance International.

</doc>
<doc id="9805641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805641" title="Silver Diamond">
Silver Diamond

Overview.
The story starts with a man (Chigusa Senrou) who tries to assassinate the prince of the Amato Empire and fails. He is pushed into a distortion in space and falls into the real world. Rakan, a high school student who lives by himself, returns home from school one day to find Chigusa lying unconscious in his garden, carrying a gun made of wood. Chigusa awakens, and attempts to kill Rakan, thinking him to be the prince, only to be stopped when Rakan unconsciously turns the gun into a tree. Chigusa recognizes him as a "Sanome" and decides to protect him to later bring to the Amato Empire to defeat the prince. After this first encounter, Narushige and then Touji are also brought to the real world through the portal between the Real World and the Alternate World, Amato Empire and become loyal friends to Rakan and Chigusa. When Rakan learns of the state of the Amato Empire and meeting its so-called 'prince', he forces Chigusa into allowing him to come and help stop their world from being destroyed. Rakan vowed to return the alternate world into a green one again and stop the 'prince'.
Meanings.
A Sanome or "sand sprout" is someone who has the ability to grow plants by simply touching the seeds or the plant itself. Their presence alone cause the plants' growth to increase, but when they touch any plant, their growth increases dramatically and comically. An acolyte for all plants. Supposedly only virgin women of the Shigeka family can bear Sanome girls. In reality, Sanome women are born from plants (a tree in particular). Sanome women can only bear Sanome boys, by a union with an ordinary man.
An Ayame is a being who has the power to destroys plants and turn soil into sand by taking the nutrients of the world around them. Can also take nutrients from people. Usually seen as lizard type of creature arising from the sand.
A Numbered Child is a child that has a number in their name, indicating that their family has deemed them useless. The alternate world's legal system of abandoning a child, whether because of the family's inability to feed them or because the child carries an imperfection or is a liability, instead of killing the child. The people are very superstitious and believe death brings more death.
Amato Empire is the alternate world's equivalent to the country of Japan. The name means 'The Kingdom of Heaven'. Japan's name means 'The Land of the Rising Sun'.

</doc>
<doc id="9805649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805649" title="Irene Heffernan Ho">
Irene Heffernan Ho

Irene Ann Heffernan Ho (born 1951) is the former Honorary Vice-Consul-in charge of Ireland to Hong Kong.
As of 1 December 2006, Mrs. Ho has retired from her diplomatic position, and joined Underwriters Laboratories, a not-for-profit product safety testing and certification organization, based in America.
Ho has worked as an HR practitioner in Hong Kong for 20 years and was previously a partner with KPMG. Prior to joining KPMG she worked with HSBC and was responsible for recruitment, assessment and appraisal at an international level throughout the group. During her career in Hong Kong she was also involved in succession planning, evaluation and development for the Mass Transit Railway Corporation.
Ho was born in Limerick, Ireland as Irene Ann Heffernan. The surname Ho was adopted after her marriage to Freddy Ho, a high-ranking civil servant in the HKSAR. Ho received her bachelor's and master's degrees from Trinity College in Dublin.
Currently, Ho divides her time between her home in Hong Kong and her Chicago-based office.
Mr. and Mrs. Ho have a daughter, Tessa, and three sons, Daniel, Thomas and Patrick.

</doc>
<doc id="9805674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805674" title="Bellevue Arts Museum">
Bellevue Arts Museum

The Bellevue Arts Museum traces its roots back to street fair art in 1947. After several temporary locations, it moved to the third floor of Bellevue Square, a large shopping center in the center of downtown Bellevue, Washington in 1983. In 2001 the museum finally moved into its own building.
Located just across the street from Bellevue Square, the distinctive new building was designed by noted architect Steven Holl. It is seen by many residents of Bellevue as playing a role in the transformation of the downtown from series of suburban strip malls to a sophisticated city with a variety of cultural attractions.
The museum subsequently ran into financial difficulties and was forced to close to the public in 2003. After a lengthy fund raising campaign, extensive interior remodeling, a slight change in name and a new focus on crafts and design, the museum re-opened on June 18, 2005 with an exhibition of teapots.
In contrast to conventional art museums, Bellevue Arts Museum has no permanent collection. Rather, it emphasizes education and hands-on involvement through an extensive selection of classes and workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="9805685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805685" title="Love Alive">
Love Alive

Love Alive is a compilation album by the American rock band Heart. Released in 2005, it features some of their overlooked hits from the late '70s and early '80s.

</doc>
<doc id="9805687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805687" title="Jean-Michel Ferri">
Jean-Michel Ferri

Jean-Michel Ferri (born 7 February 1969 in Lyon) is a retired French footballer who played midfielder.
He won the championship with FC Nantes in 1995. He joined Liverpool near the end of his career in 1998, but left after playing just 47 minutes for the club in two appearances as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="9805715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805715" title="Norman Jones">
Norman Jones

Norman Jones or Norm Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9805717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805717" title="Soh Chin Aun">
Soh Chin Aun

Datuk Soh Chin Aun (); born 28 July 1950) is a Malaysian Chinese national football player from Malacca alongside the late Mokhtar Dahari and R. Arumugam. He was known as "Tauke" or "Towkay" () by his team mate and fans.
In 1971, when he played in the Olympic qualifier in Seoul, South Korea, he was the youngest member of the national team at the age of 21. He participated in the 1972 Munich Olympic Games and was the captain of the qualifying team to the 1980 Moscow Olympic Games. Unfortunately Malaysia did not participate the 1980 Olympics. However because of his contribution for helping Malaysia to qualify for 1980 Olympics, he was awarded Ahli Mangku Negara by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
His partnership with Santokh Singh was the most solid defence in the much-feared Malaysian team back then. He earned the nickname The 'god of war' for his commanding play. He retired from international football in 1985. In 1999 he become part of the AFC Century Club.
He once tried to make it in politics by contesting as a Member of Parliament for Kota Melaka in 1986 but he suffered a defeat of 17,606 votes to Lim Guan Eng. He was appointed as the chairman of the referees’ committee on 13 March 2007. He was the manager of Malaysia national football team from 2007 until 2009.
Although not recognised internationally, his claims of 324 international appearances for his country make him arguably the most capped international player in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9805732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805732" title="AccuWeather Channel">
AccuWeather Channel

The Local AccuWeather Channel is an American broadcast television network that is owned by AccuWeather. Operating as a 24-hour advertiser-supported network, the service provides national weather forecasts with local forecasts inserted several times an hour by its affiliates. The network operates from AccuWeather's headquarters in State College, Pennsylvania. Primarily carried on the digital subchannels of broadcast television stations, The Local AccuWeather Channel is also distributed on the digital cable tiers of certain providers at the discretion of the local affiliate.
Because some stations also stream The Local AccuWeather Channel's programming on their websites, the network should not be confused with a proposed online-only streaming weather channel that was announced by AccuWeather and Fox Television Stations in May 2012, as part of a content agreement with the station group.
Programming.
The Local AccuWeather Channel provides national, regional and local weather forecast segments as well as travel and sports forecasts, and lifestyle features. Similar to competitor WeatherNation TV, although unlike The Weather Channel, all national segments on the network are pre-recorded, and are updated every one to six hours depending on the segment – this poses an issue during severe weather events as the network is not able to disseminate real-time weather alerts for regions where a watch or warning is in effect. National segments are presented by on-camera meteorologists employed with AccuWeather (the majorty of which have had prior broadcasting experience before joining the network).
Locally produced weather forecast segments – and on some stations, local news and traffic updates – may be provided by the participating AccuWeather Channel affiliate's weather staff; these forecasts are usually shown after blocks of most national forecast segments, running eight times an hour in two- to three-minute segments. In many areas, a feed of that station's Doppler radar system may be shown; some stations may air a local NOAA Weather Radio station feed during the radar imagery (although some stations carry the local NOAA Weather Radio station's audio feed on a separate second audio program channel).
The segment's duration, including advertisements and local segments, is denoted by a playback bar along the bottom of the video window (which borders the right side of the "L-bar" displayed around the periphery of the screen). Stations have the option to utilize the default setup of showing segment titles in a scroll below the video window, or displaying a scrolling news ticker that includes local news headlines, traffic or weather information; the data area's background image is also changed on a hourly basis in order to prevent burn-in on LCD television sets.
The network also employs a severe weather mode during inclement weather; affiliates may also breakaway from the network's content if the station wants to utilize the subchannel for either extended news and weather coverage or push programming from the station's main feed to the subchannel.
The "L" Bar.
Similar in design to that used by The Weather Channel and former competitor NBC Weather Plus, local weather information on The Local AccuWeather Channel is displayed continuously on an "L-bar," which appears at the left and bottom thirds of the screen, even during commercial breaks; the channel's programming and any other programming carried by the local affiliate (such as programs that fulfill the Federal Communications Commission's E/I requirements) is displayed above and to the right of the display. The left side of the bar displays station identification on the top left (on local feeds, the station's logo and sometimes, the web address as well is shown); current weather observations for cities within the region, and local advertisements (as well as ads for AccuWeather) appear at the bottom left two-thirds, with time and temperature information appearing below that.
Rotating forecast information is shown on the bottom right portion of the bar, consisting of a 12-hour (including sky condition and temperature) and five-day forecasts (displaying predicted weather conditions and temperatures), descriptive daypart forecasts and predicted ultraviolet index values. The weather observations and local forecasts are displayed at 10-second intervals. Weather alerts issued by the National Weather Service are also shown on the bar when active, with a map showing alerts in effect for the station's viewing area displayed at the middle left (along with a color legend corresponding to each alert type) and a description of the active alert on the bottom right of the bar (which is not always synched with the alert map).
Modifications to the "L-bar" were introduced in December 2008, removing the two-panel setup in favor of a larger left-side panel which displays a more detailed radar imagery and hourly weather forecasts, as well as AccuWeather and affiliate advertisements, along with tweaks to the appearance of the bottom right panel.
Affiliates.
Prior to the shutdown of NBC Weather Plus in December 2008, seven NBC-affiliated stations chose to instead carry The Local AccuWeather Channel on their digital subchannels (KNVN in Chico, California; KOBI in Medford, Oregon; KOTI in Klamath Falls, Oregon; KULR in Billings, Montana; WJHG in Panama City, Florida; WILX-TV in Lansing, Michigan and WMTV in Madison, Wisconsin). After that point, as certain NBC affiliates either chose not to carry Weather Plus successor NBC Plus or the systems became outmoded, several of the network's stations opted to continue their digital weather channels as affiliates of The Local AccuWeather Channel (instead of carrying another digital multicast network such as NBC's suggested replacement for Weather Plus, Universal Sports). In one rare case, the ABC and NBC affiliates in Phoenix (KNXV-TV and KPNX) both formerly carried the network, although KNXV (which later replaced its GoAZ.tv service on its 15.2 subchannel with the Live Well Network) had focused its AccuWeather subchannel around traffic conditions and road closure information.
In September 2010, AccuWeather began to provide the channel's data components to its first non-commercial television client, WMVS in Milwaukee (the primary station of the PBS member organization Milwaukee Public Television). The market's NBC affiliate WTMJ-TV had switched to The Local AccuWeather Channel in December 2009, and carries the network's programming; WMVS's AccuWeather subchannel is purposefully structured to meet non-commercial programming guidelines and focuses more on local weather maps, while incorporating AccuWeather references or airing content from the channel, substituting it with an audio feed from local NOAA Weather Radio station KEC60.
Not all of the network's commercial affiliates air its complete schedule; affiliates pre-empt three hours a week of the network's programming (either consecutively or in a half-hour stripped format) to air children's programs acquired from the syndication market to fulfill the Federal Communications Commission's educational programming requirements (which require stations to carry additional E/I content on their subchannels, regardless of the subchannel's programming format). A few of AccuWeather's affiliates also air a limited amount of other types of syndicated programs; stations may opt to move regularly scheduled network programming to the AccuWeather subchannel during extended severe weather or breaking news coverage that requires the station to pre-empt the programs on its primary channel.
Unlike the now-defunct NBC Weather Plus, over-the-air affiliates of The Local AccuWeather Channel are not affiliated with a single network. Many of the stations that carry the network are affiliated with either NBC, CBS, Fox or ABC. For the most part, the local stations do not label the AccuWeather service as a so-called "Local AccuWeather Channel," nor does the network utilize a separate logo. Instead, the local stations utilize their own branding for the affiliated subchannel (such as "Weather Now"). In most markets, the network's affiliate carries the station's brand, and either the AccuWeather.com brand or a statement such as "powered by AccuWeather.com".

</doc>
<doc id="9805763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805763" title="Robert Charles Riots">
Robert Charles Riots

The Robert Charles Riots of 1900 were sparked after African American laborer Robert Charles shot a white police officer which led to a manhunt. Twenty-eight people were killed in the conflict, including Charles. Many more people were killed and wounded in the riots. The manhunt for Charles began after an altercation involving Charles, his roommate, and several New Orleans police officers on Monday, July 23, 1900, and ended when Charles was killed on Friday, July 27.
Robert Charles came to New Orleans from Mississippi and was a self-educated, articulate activist. He believed in self-defense for the African-American community and encouraged African-Americans in the United States to move to Liberia to escape racial discrimination 
Civil Unrest.
Louisiana was a racially diverse state around the start of the 20th century. Its population was listed at 730,000 'white' and 650,000 'negro' by the Twelfth Census of the United States. Louisiana law attempted to keep these two populations separate at the end of the 19th century. "Plessy vs. Ferguson" was originally a Louisiana case before going to the Supreme Court, and the state of Louisiana had passed eight Jim Crow laws by 1900. The effect of segregation laws was clear in the city of New Orleans at the beginning of the 20th century: "Signs of increasing animosity between the races were to be seen almost daily in New Orleans during June and July 1900. Both the police and press received an unprecedented number of complaints."
Racial tensions were increased by the racist undertones of New Orleans newspapers, which were "becoming more stridently racist in their editorial columns and treatment of the news." The confrontational journalistic practices of Henry J. Hearsay and the "States" newspaper caused racial rifts in New Orleans. Hearsay, a former Major in the Confederate Army, stated in one article that "if listen to the screeds of agitators in the North...the result will be a race war, and race war means extermination...Then the negro problem of Louisiana at least will be solved–and that by extermination."
Racial Segregation in New Orleans.
In southern Louisiana, African Americans were allowed much more freedom, largely owing to the racial demographics in New Orleans particularly. During the late 1800s and into the early 1900s, New Orleans could be divided into three racial groups: white, free people of color, and enslaved. Robert Charles was classified into the "free people of color" racial group. This particular racial group usually consisted of people who had a mixed racial heritage and had a measurable amount of freedom that was uncommon in most every other state during this time.
Louisiana was one of the first states to pass laws officially stripping blacks of the right to register to vote. Following this event, the major segregation by race in Louisiana began. Public facilities including restaurants, hotels, night clubs, amusement parks, schools, playgrounds, and cementers were strictly segregated. By the 1900s the line separating whites and blacks had become a part of the New Orleans culture, including the segregation by color on New Orleans' streetcars.
Original Altercation and Pursuit.
At approximately 11 p.m. on July 23, 1900, three white police officers, Sergeant Jules C. Aucion, August T. Mora, and Joseph D. Cantrelle, investigated “two suspicious looking negroes” sitting on a porch on the 2800 block of Dryades Street in a predominantly white neighborhood. They arrived to find Charles and his roommate, 19-year-old Leonard Pierce, at the scene. The policemen questioned the two men, demanding to know what they "were doing and how long they had been there." One of the two men replied that they were "waiting for a friend." Charles then stood up, which the police believed to be an aggressive move. Mora grabbed him and the two struggled. Mora hit Charles with his billet. Mora and Charles pulled guns and exchanged shots. Reports vary on who drew first; both men received non-lethal gunshot wounds to the legs. Charles fled the scene to his residence where he was currently living, leaving a trail of blood. Pierce, also armed, was left at the gunpoint of a police officer when Charles ran.
Charles returned to his residence early the next morning while the police attempted to track him down. Discovering where the man lived by interrogating Pierce, Captain Day and a patrol wagon approached Charles's residence on the 2000 block of Fourth Street at approximately 3 a.m. on the morning of July 24, 1900. When the police attempted to apprehend Charles, he fired upon them with a .38-caliber Winchester rifle, hitting Day with a shot to the heart. Charles shouted, "I will give you all some," and shot another policeman in the head. The remaining policemen took refuge in a nearby room while Charles escaped. Upon the policemen’s arrival at his house, Charles fired his rifle in their direction, killing two officers, including the chief, Captain Day. While the rest of the officers sought cover, Charles fled the scene, leading to a police manhunt.
Manhunt and Riot.
July 24 was the first day that showed signs of rioting. A crowd of whites gathered on Fourth Street where the policemen were killed. There were shouts for lynching Charles, but the crowds dispersed when they were falsely told Charles had been located and jailed. On the 25th, Acting Mayor Mehle (Mayor Paul Capdevielle was out of town) announced a $250 reward for the arrest of Charles while issuing a proclamation urging peace. New Orleans papers, particularly the Times-Democrat, helped exacerbate the situation, blaming the black community for Charles's crimes and calling for action.
In the following days, several riots occurred as mobs of armed whites roamed the streets. The night of the 25th caused the deaths of three blacks and the hospitalization of six more, plus five whites, and the injury of more than 50 people. Charles had taken refuge at 1208 Saratoga Street, where he remained safe from the police until Friday, July 27. The house was quickly surrounded by police after they were informed of Charles's location. Throughout the day, men from outside the house fired upon Charles, who sporadically returned the fire. By the end of the day, Charles had shot a total of 27 white people in the course of the week, seven lethally; four of the victims were policemen. At this point, the police decided to burn down the building in which Charles was holed up. When attempting to escape the smoke-filled building, Charles was shot by Charles A. Noiret, a medical student and member of the special police (a police group of volunteer citizens). The policemen present continued to shoot Charles, then dragged him outside where a mob of bystanders beat Charles's body.
Aftermath.
Mobs in New Orleans still rampaged after the killing. Police had difficulty getting the body to the morgue due to angry white mobs attempting to damage the corpse. Several innocent African-American people were killed and the Thomy Lafon schoolhouse, "the best Negro schoolhouse in Louisiana," was burned down. The informant who told police the whereabouts of Charles, Fred Clark, was shot and killed several days later by an admirer of Charles, Lewis Forstall. The rioting ended when New Orleans Mayor Paul Capdeville deputized 1,500 special police and asked for assistance from the state militia.
The events in New Orleans also had an effect outside of the state. A young white Bostonian, Lillian Jewett, started the Anti-Lynching League in reaction to Charles's death. Some members of the group wanted retribution for the killing and called for revenge. In turn, a group of white New Orleanians formed the Green Turtles, who threatened Jewett's life.
The racial segregation only intensified and grew after the Robert Charles riots. In 1908 state law prohibited cohabitation in marriage or domestic partnerships between whites and blacks. Racial segregation in jails was required in 1920 throughout the state of Louisiana. The Catholic church established a segregated parish in downtown New Orleans, the Congregation of Corpus Christi. Along with the segregation growing after these riots, racial violence and hate crimes intensified as well.
Lynchings increased dramatically between 1900-1931. The number of African Americans who were lynched during this time period alone, reached the thousands.

</doc>
<doc id="9805778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805778" title="Maja Lidia Kossakowska">
Maja Lidia Kossakowska

Maja Lidia Kossakowska (1972) is a Polish fantasy writer whose first publication was in 1997. She was nominated eight times for the Janusz A. Zajdel Award for her short stories and novels, and received it in 2007 for the short story "Smok tańczy dla Chung Fonga". She has also received several other awards. She is best known for using angel themes in her work. She is the author of five books and many short stories.
She is the wife of another fantasy writer, Jarosław Grzędowicz.

</doc>
<doc id="9805820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805820" title="Je t'aime moi non plus (film)">
Je t'aime moi non plus (film)

"Je t'aime moi non plus (English title: I Love You, I Don't") is a 1976 feature film written, directed, and musically scored by Serge Gainsbourg, starring Jane Birkin, Hugues Quester and Joe Dallesandro, and featuring a cameo by Gérard Depardieu.
Plot introduction.
The plot of the movie centers on Krassky (Joe Dallesandro), a homosexual man, who is attracted to Johnny (Jane Birkin), a boyish looking woman. They begin an affair, which is complicated by the fact that he cannot achieve an erection so as to perform vaginal intercourse. The pain of anal intercourse is so great for Johnny, though, that her screams cause them to be thrown out of a series of motels. After a row with Johnny, Krassky returns to his boyfriend Padovan (Hugues Quester).
Motives.
"Je t'aime moi non plus" was the first film directed by Gainsbourg. Jane Birkin was his partner at that time. It includes elements of symbolism recurrent in Gainsbourg's work: death and sex. Depardieu has a few short appearances, playing a homosexual bestialist.

</doc>
<doc id="9805830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805830" title="Luna (tree)">
Luna (tree)

Luna is the American name given in October 1997 to a 1,000 year old coast redwood tree located near the community of Stafford in Humboldt County, California which was occupied for 738 days by forest activist Julia Butterfly Hill and saved by an agreement between Hill and the Pacific Lumber Company. The tree was vandalized about a year after the agreement but was repaired and survived.
Location.
Despite some news reports to the contrary, Luna is not located in the Headwaters Forest, a preserved old growth forest, but on a windswept ridge overlooking the community of Stafford, south of Scotia. Due to its proximity to the small community of Stafford, this tree has also been referred to as the "Stafford Giant." On New Year's eve 1996, a landslide in Stafford caused by clearcut logging by Pacific Lumber Company (Maxxam) on steep slopes above the community resulted in most of the community buried up to in mud and tree debris; eight homes were completely destroyed.
Sex.
Although many refer to the tree as a female, giant redwoods produce both male and female cones; they are technically neither male nor female, but monoecious.
History.
The 1,000 year old lighting-struck tree was named by a group of Earth First! members, who built a small platform from salvaged wood to serve as a tree-sit platform. As the moon was rising at the time, they chose the name Luna, the Latin word for moon, to commemorate the event.
For 738 days, from December 10, 1997 to December 18, 1999, forest activist Julia Butterfly Hill lived on the platform in the tree, above the ground. Hill occupied Luna in order to save it and the surrounding grove from being clear-cut by the Pacific Lumber Company (owned by Maxxam Inc and Houston millionaire Charles Hurwitz). The Pacific Lumber company and Hill reached an agreement to save the tree and a buffer zone around it for $50,000 after which Hill left the tree. Later she wrote a book about her experiences in the giant redwood. Some of her predictions came true, as Maxxam failed in bankruptcy after cutting a 100 year timber reserve in 20 years, leaving employees and suppliers in the lurch. 
In November 2000, an unknown vandal used a chainsaw to cut halfway through the tree. In 2001, Eureka civil engineer Steve Salzman headed Luna's "medical team" which designed and built a bracing system to help the tree withstand the extreme windstorms with peak winds between 60 and 100 miles per hour. They were assisted by Humboldt State University professor Steven Sillett.
In early 2002, naturalist Paul Donahue noted that Luna had survived the cut. Luna is currently under the stewardship of Sanctuary Forest, a Nonprofit Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="9805831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805831" title="Richard Felchlin">
Richard Felchlin

Richard Ferdinant Felchlin (October 9, 1888 - January 6, 1960) was born in Stockton, California. He was a civil engineer who designed many of the buildings that give downtown Fresno, California its architectural character. He studied civil engineering at the University of California, then moved to Fresno and entered practice.
Notable buildings.
Felchlin and his Fresno company R.F. Felchlin Company (later Felchlin, Shaw, & Franklin) designed many notable Fresno commercial and residential buildings, a number of which are now on the National Register of Historic Places.
Commercial buildings designed by Felchlin and his firm include the San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation Building (1923), the Bank of Italy building (1918), and the California Hotel (1922), which are all on the National Register, and Fresno Pacific Towers (1925) which stood as the tallest structure in the city for 80 years. A notable residence that is also on the National Register the Kindler home.

</doc>
<doc id="9805840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805840" title="Normanton Airport">
Normanton Airport

Normanton Airport is an airport in Normanton, Queensland, Australia. A new terminal was opened in February 2006. The airport received $132,100 for security upgrades in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9805849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805849" title="Toyota FX-1">
Toyota FX-1

The FX-1 is a concept car by Toyota.
It was first shown at the 1983 Tokyo Motor Show and also shown at the Geneva Motor Show in March 1984.
It was a showcase for new technologies in driver controls, engine, suspension, materials and aerodynamics.
Driver controls.
Colour CRT's were used in the dash to display speed, rpm, fuel, temperature, etc.
Engine and driveline.
It used an enhanced prototype form of the 1G-GEU engine called the LASREα-X, a 1,988 cc EFI twin cam 24-valve inline six engine equipped with dual turbo-chargers and intercooler, computer controlled valve timing, variable displacement and induction. At low speeds, the variable displacement system shut down half the engine to conserve fuel. The system never went into production but a simplified version later appeared as the 1G-GTE, slightly modified for production and without the variable cam timing and variable displacement. In search of reducing maintenance, the FX-1's engine also featured computer controlled distributorless ignition.
Transmission was via a four-speed automatic ECT (Electronically Controlled Transmission) with overdrive.
Suspension.
It used a pneumatic suspension combined with TEMS. The pneumatic suspension automatically raised and lowered the front and rear of the car separately for maximum stability. TEMS was also used on the Supra and the Soarer (2 stage) and on the highest spec Crown (3 stage).
Materials.
Many exotic materials were used, including Fibre Reinforced Metal (body panels) and Shape Memory Effect Alloy (body panels) and Ceramics (brake rotors).
Aerodynamics.
The body had a very low Cd (co-efficient of drag) value of 0.25.
Stability could be increased via aerodynamics by individually lowering the front and rear suspension according to road speed. At high speed the front was lowered two steps and the rear was lowered one step.
References.
Information copied from an English language brochure given out by Toyota at the 1984 Geneva Motor Show.
A Japanese language version of the same brochure was given out at the 1983 Tokyo Motor Show.

</doc>
<doc id="9805866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805866" title="Eumorpha intermedia">
Eumorpha intermedia

The Intermediate Sphinx ("Eumorpha intermedia") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives in North Carolina, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and South Texas. 
The wingspan is 90-98 mm. It is similar to "Eumorpha pandorus" and "Eumorpha satellitia licaon", but closer to the latter. The forewing underside is dark brown with a distinct pink tinge, especially on the hindwing. The hindwing upperside is similar in colour to "Eumorpha satellitia licaon".
Adults are on wing from April to October. They nectar at various flowers.
The larvae feed on "Ampelopsis arborea" and possibly "Vitis" species. There are green and red-brown forms. Early instars have a long white horn with a black tip, which is not present for the final instar. Pupation takes place in a shallow underground chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="9805874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805874" title="George W. Weightman">
George W. Weightman

Major General George W. Weightman was a U.S. Army Family Medicine physician who was commander of the North Atlantic Regional Medical Command and Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC). He was relieved of his WRAMC command on March 1, 2007, in the wake of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center neglect scandal. He took command of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command in November 2007 and retired from active duty on 31 March 2009.
Biography.
Weightman is a native of Eden Mills, Vermont. He received his Bachelor of Science Degree from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York in 1973 and was commissioned as a Lieutenant of Infantry and stationed at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, where he served in the 1st Battalion, 35th Infantry, 25th Infantry Division. He was awarded a Doctorate of Medicine degree from the University of Vermont College of Medicine in 1982 and completed his Family Practice residency training at Eisenhower Army Medical Center, Fort Gordon, Georgia. He was then assigned to Keller Army Community Hospital at West Point, New York, where he served as Chief, Department of Primary Care and Community Medicine. In 1989, he became the 82nd Airborne Division Surgeon and served with the All Americans during Operations Just Cause and Desert Shield/Storm.
Subsequently, he served as Family Practice Residency Director at Womack Army Medical Center before commanding the Medical Element, Joint Task Force Bravo, Soto Cano, Honduras. He then commanded the McDonald Army Community Hospital, Fort Eustis, Virginia and the 30th Medical Brigade in Heidelberg, Germany. In July 1999, he became the Chief of the Medical Corps Branch at United States Army Personnel Command, Alexandria, Virginia. From May 2002 to October 2002, MG Weightman served as Assistant Surgeon General for Force Projection and then he was the Commanding General, 3rd Medical Command (Forward), and Coalition Forces Land Component Command Surgeon for Operation Iraqi Freedom. He later served as Commanding General, 44th Medical Command/Corps Surgeon, XVIII Airborne Corps at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. MG Weightman assumed command of the North Atlantic Regional Medical Command and Walter Reed Army Medical Center on August 25, 2006. He served as the Commander, U.S. Army Medical Department Center and School and Fort Sam Houston, San Antonio, Texas from August 2004 until July 2006. He commanded the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C. from 25 August 2006 until 1 March 2007 when he was relieved of command in the wake of the Walter Reed neglect scandal over conditions at the medical center. He took command of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command in November 2007.
Additional military schools include the Infantry Officer Basic \ Advanced Courses, the Army Medical Department Officer Basic \ Advanced Courses, Airborne and Jumpmaster Schools, the United States Army Command and General Staff College, and the United States Army War College.
Weightman is board certified by the American Board of Family Practice and is a Fellow in the American Academy of Family Physicians.
Weightman is married to the former Joan Peters from Youngstown, Ohio. They have three children.
The Army announced it had relieved of command Maj. Gen. Weightman, a physician who had headed the Walter Reed Army Medical Center for only six months. In a brief announcement, the Army said service leaders had "lost trust and confidence" in Weightman's leadership abilities "to address needed solutions for soldier outpatient care." It said the decision to fire him was made by Secretary of the Army Francis J. Harvey.
"I endorse the decision by Secretary of the Army Fran Harvey to relieve the Commander, Major General George W. Weightman of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. The care and welfare of our wounded men and women in uniform demand the highest standard of excellence and commitment that we can muster as a government. When this standard is not met, I will insist on swift and direct corrective action and, where appropriate, accountability up the chain of command." -Defense Secretary Robert Gates.
Decorations and Badges.
The Expert Infantryman Badge Expert Field Medical Badge, Senior Parachutist Badge with combat star, Honduran Parachutist Badge he is also a member of the Order of Military Medical Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="9805919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805919" title="Olympic Dam Airport">
Olympic Dam Airport

Olympic Dam Airport is an airport in Olympic Dam, South Australia. There have been planned expansions for the airport starting in 2006 and ongoing in 2011. QantasLink flights operated by Alliance Airlines with flights from Adelaide serve the airport.
General information.
The airport is located at Olympic Dam, South Australia with the terminal located at with the local time zone (Australian Central Standard Time (ACST)) of hours from UTC/GMT. The airport's codes are OLP for FlightStats and IATA, YOLD for ICAO and it does not have an FFA code. Avis Rent a Car System has operated from the airport.
In 2007, there was a near mid-air collision between an Alliance Airlines plane and a charter plane. Flooding in the region in 2010 did not affect the airport.
Expansion.
Relocation discussions were underway in 2006, with a discussion about either expanding the Olympic Dam airport or building a new one close to Andamooka. The area was set to have 5,000 contracted employers brought in by BHP Billiton.
It is planned that the airport be relocated due to the expansion of the Olympic Dam mine. Expansion plans outlined in 2011 included improving the airport to accommodate jets and passenger service. 2011 plans for the airport included making the runway an all-weather one. The planned location was between Roxby Downs and Andamooka.
Airlines and destinations.
There are several flights a day arriving into the airport from Adelaide. Flights include QQ2601, a 90-minute flight leaving Adelaide at 8:00 and arriving at 9:30am, QQ2607 leaving Adelaide at 9:00am and arriving at 10:30am, QQ2609 departing Adelaide 12:30pm and arriving at 2:00pm, and QQ2615 departing Adelaide at 5:30pm and arriving at 7:00pm.
Statistics.
Olympic Dam Airport was ranked 48th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9805926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805926" title="Stephen Moulton (soldier)">
Stephen Moulton (soldier)

Lt. Col. Stephen Moulton and his sons fought in one of the most pivotal battles of the American Revolutionary War.
Fighting a rear guard action for three days as George Washington directed the American retreat from Long Island, Moulton and three of his sons were finally captured on September 15, 1775. Moulton and his sons, all officers, were detained as prisoners of war by General Howe’s Adjutant in the notorious Sugar House Prison in New York City. After being held for five months by General Howe’s forces, Moulton and his sons were exchanged for British officers held by General Washington’s staff in March 1777.
Additional reading.
Lt. Colonel Moulton’s service is chronicled in the official history of Floyd, New York and documented on page 88 of the New York Revolutionary War Census of Pensioners for Revolutionary Military Services, published in 1841 in Washington, DC. (195p).

</doc>
<doc id="9805928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805928" title="Margaret Klenck">
Margaret Klenck

Margaret Klenck (born January 9, 1953 in New York City) is an American actress. She portrayed Edwina "Cookie" Lewis Dane on the soap opera "One Life to Live" from 1978 to 1985. She also played Kitty Fielding on "As the World Turns" in 1993. She trained at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco and performed in theaters across the country and on Broadway. She starred in the independent film Hard Choices (1986) as well as numerous movies of the week and episodic TV guest star spots.
She is also a JungianAnalyst; she appeared as a panelist on a 2004 PBS documentary, "Question of God", discussing the existence or non-existence of God.
A video has recently surfaced on YouTube showing a young Klenck getting a makeover, where she crops her long hair.

</doc>
<doc id="9805932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805932" title="Eumorpha phorbas">
Eumorpha phorbas

Eumorpha phorbas is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador, Surinam, Bolivia, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Belize and Mexico.
The wingspan is 112-116 mm. It is similar to "Eumorpha labruscae labruscae" in the largely green upperside of the body and forewings, but can be distinguished by the lacking blue patches on the hindwing upperside, instead showing essentially the same pattern of orange and dark brown as in "Eumorpha capronnieri". There is a pair of broad, brown subdorsal stripes on the upperside of the thorax and abdomen. The undersides of the wings and body are almost entirely yellow.
Adults are on wing year round. They nectar at various flowers. 
The larvae probably feed on Vitaceae, Apocynaceae or Onagraceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="9805935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805935" title="Jean-François Domergue">
Jean-François Domergue

Jean-François Domergue (born 23 June 1957) is a former French footballer who played defender. He has recently served as a manager of Le Havre AC and Montpellier HSC. 
Throughout his career he was called up nine times to the France national football team, where he scored only two goals – both in the semi-finals of the 1984 European Football Championship against Portugal, which France won 3–2 after extra time. France went on to win the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9805937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805937" title="Orange Airport">
Orange Airport

Orange Airport is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales servicing the city of Orange and the towns of Blayney and Cowra. It is located in the area known as Huntley, near Spring Hill and approximately from Orange CBD.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two runways: 11/29 with an asphalt surface measuring and 04/22 with a grassed red clay surface measuring .
Terminal.
Orange Airport's former terminal, demolished in October 2013, handled all passengers using Alliance, Brindabella and Regional Express services. Formerly there were two check in desks, three hire car desks (Avis, Hertz and Thrifty), a cafe and newsagent and a large departure lounge. Secure parking and a taxi service are available.
Upgrade.
As part of an upgrade to the airport the old airport terminal was closed on 21 September 2013 and demolished in the following weeks. During the upgrade the aero club building serves as a temporary facility while the new terminal is being built. Construction is scheduled to take 12 month and is estimated to cost A$3.3 million.
An additional A$8.7 million will be invested in the extension of taxi ways and the runway by 538 metres.
Statistics.
Orange Airport was ranked 53rd in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9805943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805943" title="Never Change">
Never Change

Never Change is the seventh album released by South Park Mexican. It was released in 2001 under a joint venture between Dope House Records & Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9805952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805952" title="Chankillo">
Chankillo

Chankillo is an ancient monumental complex in the Peruvian coastal desert, found in the Casma-Sechin Oasis in the Ancash Department of Peru. The ruins include the hilltop Chankillo fort, the nearby Thirteen Towers solar observatory, and residential and gathering areas. The Thirteen Towers have been interpreted as an astronomical observatory built in the 4th century BC. As of 2008, the culture that produced Chankillo is unnamed.
The site covers about four square kilometres (1.5 square miles) and has been interpreted as a fortified temple.
The Thirteen Towers solar observatory.
The regularly-spaced thirteen towers of Chankillo were constructed atop the ridge of a low hill running near north to south and are, forming a "toothed" horizon with narrow gaps at regular intervals. To the east and west investigators designated two possible observation points. From these vantages, the 300m long spread of the towers along the horizon corresponds very closely to the rising and setting positions of the Sun over the year, albeit they are not all visible. On the winter solstice, the sun would rise behind the leftmost tower of Chankillo and rise behind each of the towers until it reached the rightmost tower six months later on the summer solstice, marking the passage of time. The Thirteen Towers of Chankillo could be the earliest known observatory in the Americas. Inhabitants of Chankillo would have been able to determine an accurate date, with an error of a day or two, by observing the sunrise or sunset from the correct tower.
The towers had been known to travelers for centuries, but the astronomical function of the towers was first hypothesized in 2007 by Iván Ghezzi and Clive Ruggles.

</doc>
<doc id="9805955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805955" title="Palm Island Airport">
Palm Island Airport

Palm Island Airport is an airport in Palm Island, on Great Palm Island, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9805957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805957" title="Lustre prints">
Lustre prints

Lustre print is a photograph or artwork with a finish between glossy and matte. Some companies use the term semi-glossy.
The Lustre is high quality finish from FujiFilm.

</doc>
<doc id="9805966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805966" title="Hillwood (album)">
Hillwood (album)

Hillwood is the debut album released by South Park Mexican. It was released on Dope House Records in 1995. The album name "Hillwood" comes from the unincorporated neighborhood of the Southside region of Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="9805977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9805977" title="Isak Samokovlija">
Isak Samokovlija

Isak Samokovlija (3 September 1889 - 15 January 1955) was a prominent Bosnian Jewish writer, born into a Sephardic family. By profession he was a physician. His stories describe the life of the Bosnian Sephardic Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="9806010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806010" title="Din Mohammad">
Din Mohammad

Hajji Din Mohammad is a politician,writer and a powerful Pashtun tribal leader in eastern Afghanistan who first served as the Governor of Nangarhar Province followed by Governor of Kabul Province. He comes from a distinguished Pashtun family "arsala" which has served the Afghan nation for more than 150 years.He is also the elder brother of late Hajji Abdul Qadir and Abdul Haq.His great-grandfather, Wazir Arsala Khan, served as Foreign Minister of Afghanistan in 1869. One of Arsala Khan's descendents, Taj Mohammad Khan, was a general at the Battle of Maiwand. Another descendent, Abdul Jabbar Khan, was Afghanistan’s first Ambassador to Russia.
Early life and family background.
Din Mohammad was born in Nangarhar, Afghanistan. His father, Amanullah khan, served as a district administer in various parts of the country. Two of his uncles, Mohammad Rafiq Khan and Haji Zaman Khan, were members of the 7th session of the Afghan Parliament which worked to expand the rights of ordinary citizens under the monarchy.
Din Mohammad’s brothers Abdul Haq and Hajji Abdul Qadir were Mujahideen commanders who fought against the Communist Red Army during the 1980s Soviet war in Afghanistan. Din Mohammad served as the deputy of the Hezbi Islami Party of Mohammad Yunus Khalis.Not Hizb Islami of Hikmatyar.
He served as the Minister of National Security in Afghanistan’s Interim Government in Exile during the 1990s and as Minister of Education in the Mujahideen Government which was established after the collapse of the Communist government. He also served as Deputy Prime Minister in the same period, but resigned when infighting erupted among the rival factions of Ahmad Shah Massoud and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar.
Governor.
During the Taliban era, Din Mohammad lived in exile and later helped Abdul Haq in his efforts to establish a broad-based post-Taliban government. In 2001, Abdul Haq was captured and executed by the Taliban while pursuing efforts to promote the formation of a broad-based representative government. Din Mohammad's son Ezatullah Sahil was captured and killed by the Taliban along with Abdul Haq in 2001. Abdul Qadir served as the Governor of Nangarhar Province after the Soviet Occupation and was credited with maintaining peace in the province during the years of civil conflict that followed the Soviet withdrawal. Abdul Qadir served as a Vice President in the newly formed post-Taliban government of Hamid Karzai, but was assassinated by unknown assailants in July 2002. In the same month of 2002, Din Mohammad was selected as the Governor of Nangarhar Province. in August 2005, he became the Governor of Kabul Province until August 2009.
Din Mohammad and his brother Hajji Nasrullah Baryalai Arsalai remain committed to the principles of inclusive government and reconciliation among competing factions in Afghanistan, and have been active in promoting the economic development and reconstruction of Afghan society after decades of chaos and violence.

</doc>
<doc id="9806012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806012" title="Girls' Night In">
Girls' Night In

Girls' Night In is a global short-story compilation series written mainly by female novelists, with all proceeds from the sale of the books going to charities War Child and, for one volume, another children's charity, No Strings. The first book was the brainchild of novelists Jessica Adams, Chris Manby, Freya North and Fiona Walker. Publishers include HarperCollins UK, Penguin Australia and Red Dress Ink USA. Team editors over the series include Jessica Adams, Maggie Alderson, Nick Earls, Imogen Edwards-Jones, Lauren Henderson, Chris Manby, Carole Matthews, Sarah Mlynowski and Fiona Walker. The series has been translated into Dutch and French and inspired a children's companion series, "Kids' Night In. "The literary agency representing the series in the UK and Australia is Curtis Brown. 
The first book in the series, "Girls Night In", was launched in London in June 2000 and subsequently in Australia in October 2000, with writers including Maggie Alderson, Wendy Holden, Lisa Jewell, Marian Keyes, Kathy Lette, Alecia McKenzie and Freya North. Later that year, sufficient funds had been raised to help War Child build the first "Girls' Night In" safe play area in the Dardania neighbourhood of Pristina, the capital of Kosovo.
"Girls' Night In","Girls' Night In 2: Gentlemen by Invitation" and "Big Night Out" collectively raised over AUS/USD$3 million for War Child, with over 940,000 books being sold worldwide. A digital version of the series will be published by Penguin Australia and HarperCollins UK in 2014.
External links.
http://www.girlsnight.in

</doc>
<doc id="9806023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806023" title="Elsa Klensch">
Elsa Klensch

Elsa Klensch (born 21 February 1933) is an Australian-American journalist and novelist, often working in the world of fashion. She was the producer and host of "Style with Elsa Klensch", CNN's weekly fashion and design television program, which ran from 1980 to 2001. She married Chuck Klensch in 1966.
Biography.
Born 21 February 1933 in Springwood, which is located on a 90 minutes drive west of Sydney.
Occupation Journalist, novelist
Notable Credits Sydney Sunday Telegraph; Australian Broadcasting, London; Public Information Officer for the Territory of Papua and New Guinea; Editor Hong KongTrade Bulletin; Editor Women's Wear Daily; Sr. Fashion Editor at Vogue, Harper's Bazaar; NYPost Fashion and Beauty Editor; WCBS-TV Reporter; CNN Producer; Host of Style with Elsa Klensch 1980–2000; Author (with Beryl Meyer) of Style and four mystery novels.
Years Active 1958–present
Spouse Charles Hugh Klensch.
Family Father Johann Ernst Aeschbacher (1896–1943) born in Bern Switzerland, and Mary Margaret Miles (1898–1980) born in Sydney, Australia.
Elsa Klensch is an Australian American journalist and novelist, author and television personality, the daughter of Johann Ernest and Mary. She was born in a small town north of Sydney. She is the wife of Charles Klensch whom she met in Hong Kong while he was on leave from his post as Saigon news bureau manager for the American Broadcasting Company (ABC). They were married in 1966 in wartime Saigon and then settled in New York.
Career as a journalist.
Elsa began her career in 1958, at the "Sydney Daily Telegraph" while studying journalism at Sydney University. With the byline Elsa Barker (she adopted Barker as her professional name because Aeschbacher, was difficult for people to pronounce, spell, or remember.) She also reported for the "London Star" and the "London Sunday Express". By 1961 she decided to return to Sydney and for the home journey accepted the position of press officer for the S/S "Canberra"'s maiden voyage with Pacific ports of call.
Subsequently she was a regional editor for the Australian Broadcasting's "TV Weekly" where she raised circulation and advertising with promotion and livelier editorial content, setting the pattern for a successful national campaign for the magazine which earned her praise for "splendid work and exceptional efforts."
From 1963– 1964 she was a public relations officer for the Australian administration of Papua and New Guinea, editing a fortnightly newspaper and running a news service. In 1966 she moved to Hong Kong as editor and Publications Section Chief for the Hong Kong Trade Development Council, responsible for a trade-promotion magazine, as well as organizing and promoting fashion shows and international trade fairs.
In 1966, she retired from her Hong Kong assignments in order to marry Charles Klensch in Saigon and move to New York where, from 1966 through 1972, she reported for Fairchild Publications. Her last assignment there was as a senior market editor at Women's Wear Daily.
In 1973, Elsa moved to Vogue as a senior fashion editor and writer. In March 1976, she became the senior fashion editor at "Harper's Bazaar", and then served as fashion editor of the "New York Post".
Her first television assignment was in 1978, when she reported for WPIX in New York City.
During an August 1978 newspaper strike, local TV stations brought in newspaper columnists to give reports that would not be appearing in print. Elsa appeared on WCBS, and in a coup, persuaded Yves Saint Laurent (who hated being on TV and usually refused requests) to appear with her as a personal favor.
From April 1980 through January 2001 Elsa was host and producer of "CNN's Style With Elsa Klensch".
The years at CNN: "Style With Elsa Klensch".
In April 1980, Elsa joined Cable News Network (CNN) and appeared on-air from its first week in June 1980 with her groundbreaking "Style with Elsa Klensch". For more than twenty years, she produced and hosted the program, which was broadcast globally on both CNN and its 24/7 Headline News channel. Her half hour, "Style with Elsa Klensch" was scheduled three times each weekend, and individually produced segments from the program were broadcast up to four times each weekday. 
She created "Style" as a journalistic reflection of her own fashion and design sense. Hers was the first regularly scheduled U.S. television program reporting exclusively on the worlds of fashion, beauty and design. Its worldwide popularity established her as the preeminent TV fashion journalist. Her name became an international byword among fashion and design professionals.
Elsa set the pace for television coverage of fashion. "I always believed that television was a natural outlet for visually exciting design, but in the first days, when I arrived with my crew to cover a show, designers resisted setting aside a place for our camera. All that changed when Style proved how powerful television could be as an international showcase for design."
Based in New York, Elsa traveled three or four times every year to report from the fashion capitals of Paris, Milan, New York, Tokyo and London. She also covered fashion and design from Bali, Beijing, Havana, Madrid, Manila, Moscow, Rio de Janeiro and Sydney.
The network estimated that over the years her coverage was seen by 200 million viewers worldwide.
She set a goal for herself "I wanted to remain with my program to cover fashion and design into the new millennium." Once having accomplished that, and though she still had more than two years left on her contract, she decided to leave CNN in 2001, and asked to be released to devote herself to other non-television interests.
Published works.
In 1995, (together with Beryl Meyer) she wrote "Style", a practical, illustrated advice book focused on helping women to define and develop a personal, individual style. Style was published by the Perigee imprint of the Berkely Publishing Group. It reached audiences worldwide.
After leaving CNN in early 2001, she turned her attention back to writing. She created a monthly jewelry column for the Internet magazine Gem.net, and wrote articles for "Elle Decor", "House Beautiful", "Architectural Digest", and others. 
In June 2002, Forge Books, a division of the Holtzbrinck Publishers group, signed Elsa to write a series of four mystery novels featuring television news producer Sonya Iverson as amateur sleuth. 
The first novel, "Live at 10:00, Dead at 10:15", was published in hardcover in September 2004, followed by the paperback in 2005. The second, "Shooting Script", came out in October 2005. The third, "Take Two", was published in December 2007. The fourth, "The Third Sin", is finished and scheduled for publication in 2014.
Other notable professional activities.
While still at CNN, she wrote a weekly nationally syndicated newspaper advice column on personal style for the Los Angeles Times Syndicate and served as contributing editor of "Connoisseur" Magazine. She also became a regular lecturer on fashion and design for professional organizations as well as costume departments of art museums in Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, San Diego, and Toledo, Ohio, and at Auburn University and the Savannah College of Art and Design.
In 1994, she appeared as herself in cameos for Robert Altman's "Pret-a-Porter (Ready To Wear)" and in several episodes of TV's "The Bold and the Beautiful" soap opera.
Honors and awards.
Among her honors:
Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) in 1987 cited Elsa for “Consistently bringing international fashion to the largest audience in the history of television, and for consistently “getting the story first and getting it right.” In 1999, she received a second CFDA Award for “career achievement in fashion journalism.”
Anti-Defamation League’s 1995 Woman of Achievement Award.
Fashion Group International 1966 Superstar Award.
In 1990 – An honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts from the International Fine Arts College in Miami which cited her “outstanding contribution to the international fashion and design community and her continuing inspiration for students of fashion and interior design.”
In 1988 the Order of Merit (Ordine al Merito) from the Italian government for “distinguished reporting on Italian design, craftsmanship and style.”
In 2005 distinguished Achievement Award of the Laboratory Institute of Merchandising, New York City.
In 1990 elected to the International Best-Dressed Hall of Fame.
Class of 2001 commencement address at New York’s Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT).
Election to Fashion Media Hall of Fame at Kent State University. Served on the Kent State University Fashion Department advisory board.
New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art acquired the CNN archive of a thousand weeks of Style with Elsa Klensch for its Costume Institute.
Member and former vice president of the Fashion Group International.
Member of The Author’s Guild, the Society of Authors (UK), Mystery Writers of America, and Sisters in Crime.

</doc>
<doc id="9806039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806039" title="1492 Pictures">
1492 Pictures

1492 Pictures is an American film production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995. The name is a play on Columbus's more famous namesake, Christopher Columbus, and his 1492 landing in the Americas.
In addition to various Columbus films, 1492 Pictures has produced movies by other directors including Brian Levant ("Jingle All the Way"), Henry Selick ("Monkeybone"), Alfonso Cuarón ("Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"), Joe Roth ("Christmas with the Kranks"), Tim Story (the "Fantastic Four" films), and Shawn Levy (the "Night at the Museum"). 
In February 2011, the company bought by the rights to South Korean comedy film "Hello Ghost" starring Cha Tae-hyun and is scheduled to remake it.
In August, 2011, the production company released an adaptation of Kathryn Stockett's novel The Help.

</doc>
<doc id="9806054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806054" title="Purity Supreme">
Purity Supreme

Purity Supreme, Inc. was a corporation involved in the operation of supermarkets and other stores. From 1984 it was a division of Supermarkets General Holdings Corporation. It operated from a headquarters located in North Billerica, Massachusetts. At its height, the company operated 64 supermarkets in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine, and Connecticut. They also operated 63 owned and franchised Li'l Peach convenience stores and 23 drugstores in Massachusetts. They also ran the successful Heartland Foods warehouse style supermarket chain. In 1984 at the time of the buyout by Supermarkets General, Purity, had an annual sales of $800 million with 28 supermarkets, 13 warehouse stores and 23 drugstores. Purity Supreme and Li'l Peach had combined sales of about US$1.3 billion in 1990 before the company was bought out again by Freeman Spogli & Co., an investment firm for about US$300 million, including the acquisition of debt.
In 1995, Purity Supreme was acquired by competitor Stop & Shop, agreeing with regulators to sell 15 stores to address antitrust concerns. Stop & Shop continued to operate 56 stores under the Purity Supreme name until 1997 when it renovated and converted all but three of them into Stop & Shop stores. The three remaining Purity Supreme stores were closed.
Purity Supreme was led for most of its existence by Leo Kahn who started Purity Sav-Mor Markets with some of its first stores in Billerica, Chelmsford and Bedford. In 1969, Kahn bought out the Supreme Market chain of Boston and thus Purity Supreme was born. Some well known people worked for Purity Supreme over the years including early store managers Jack Murphy and Bruce "Barney" Bernard.
Kahn was very health conscious. Starting in his sixties, he became an avid jogger. Leo Kahn died on May 11, 2011, at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="9806055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806055" title="Institutionalist political economy">
Institutionalist political economy

Institutional political economy refers to a body of political economy thought stemming from the works of Thorstein Veblen, John Commons, Wesley Mitchell, John Dewey.

</doc>
<doc id="9806076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806076" title="Morgan Figgins">
Morgan Figgins

Morgan Figgins (born 29 March 1992 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand figure skater. She is the five time New Zealand national champion and four time New Zealand junior national champion. She currently resides in Dunedin, New Zealand, coaches part-time at the Dunedin ice rink. She was the youngest New Zealand skater to skate in the senior grade at the age of 12yrs old when she won her first senior title and the youngest to skate and obtain the junior title at age 11.
Other international competitions.
Also competed in Junior Grand Prix- Bulgaria and Sheffield - England, Copenhagen Trophy, Australian Nationals and interstate competitions
_____________________________________________________
Has won eleven NZ national titles

</doc>
<doc id="9806081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806081" title="Le Théâtre François">
Le Théâtre François

Le Théâtre François is a book in three volumes by Samuel Chappuzeau which is the main source of information on French theatre in the 17th century.
Its full title is "Le Théâtre françois divisé en trois Livres, où il est traité I. De L’Usage de la Comédie. II. Des Auteurs qui soutiennent le Theatre. III. De la Conduite des Comédiens", Lyon, Michel Mayer, 1674 
It contains descriptions of many aspects of the theatre, down even to trivial facts such as the serving of Spanish wine.
New editions were printed in Brussels in 1867, and by Georges Monval in Paris in 1875.
A critical edition by Christopher Gossip was published in April 2009 (Gunter Narr Verlag, Tübingen).
This is taken from a manuscript copy of 1673 which was apparently dedicated and given by Samuel to "La troupe du Roy", Molière's troup.

</doc>
<doc id="9806092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806092" title="Siobhan McColl">
Siobhan McColl

Siobhan McColl (born 2 April 1991 in Gauteng, South Africa) is a South African figure skater. She is the 2006-2007 and 2007-2008 season South African junior national champion and has competed on the Junior Grand Prix circuit and at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9806093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806093" title="Reef Encounter">
Reef Encounter

Reef Encounter is a german-style board game first published in 2004.
Gameplay.
The game is played on 2, 3, or 4 separate boards, depending on the number of players, on which the players attempt to grow corals to feed to their parrotfish. Board space is limited, so the players' corals compete with one another for space. Corals are grown by placing polyp tiles on the board. The corals come in five different colors, and each color is weak or strong relative to each of the other colors—for example, red corals may be stronger than orange. Strong corals may overgrow weak ones, allowing the player who placed the tiles to consume the overgrown tiles. Consumed polyp tiles are strategically important, as they are required to perform certain actions and can allow a player to grow corals faster than would be possible otherwise. This hierarchy changes throughout the course of the game. All polyp tiles in a coral must be the same color.
Each player starts the game with four shrimps. When placed on a coral, the shrimp claims the coral for that player and protects adjacent tiles (but not necessarily the entire coral) from being overgrown. Shrimp may be moved freely around the boards during a player's turn.
There are a variety of actions which a player may take during their turn, including:
At the beginning of a turn, a player may have their parrotfish eat one shrimp and the coral it is on. Players who have eaten at least one shrimp may "lock" elements of the dominance hierarchy so they cannot be changed by other players. This is important strategically, as the more dominant colors are worth more points. The game typically ends when one player's parrotfish has eaten all four shrimp, or all elements of the dominance hierarchy have been locked.
Scoring.
Players' scores are based on the polyp tiles eaten by the parrotfish. Each tile is worth between 1 and 5 points, depending on where the tile is in the dominance hierarchy. For example, suppose the hierarchy at the end of the game is the following:
In this case, grey tiles are worth five points (one point, plus one point for each of four dominated colors). Pink, orange, and white are each worth three points (one point, plus one point for each of two dominated colors). Yellow tiles, which do not dominate any other colors, are worth one point each. The player with the most points wins.

</doc>
<doc id="9806096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806096" title="March 2007 in Britain and Ireland">
March 2007 in Britain and Ireland

__NOTOC__
"This page deals with events in most English-speaking places of Europe. These are England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, the Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey and Gibraltar."

</doc>
<doc id="9806105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806105" title="An Act to promote the French language in Québec">
An Act to promote the French language in Québec

Bill 63, more formally known as the "Loi pour promouvoir la langue française au Québec" (or "Law to promote the French language in Quebec"), was a language law passed in 1969 in the Canadian province of Quebec. The law was passed by the Union Nationale government of Jean-Jacques Bertrand because of controversy and violence that erupted when the Catholic school board of Saint Leonard, Quebec insisted that children of mostly Italian immigrants be required to go to French schools. Section 2 of the Bill made available for all residents of Quebec the option of an English language education for anyone desiring it for the children in their care. This right has popularly become known as "freedom of choice."
The law promoted French by:
The law was passed before the resulting Gendron Commission was set up to make recommendations addressing Quebec's language issue. It fell short of the expectations of many citizens (among them many Quebec Nationalists) promoting that French become the common public language of all Quebec residents. The main criticism of the law was that it kept in place the existing educational system, under which all Quebec residents could send their children to schools whose language of instruction was either French or English. Opposition to the law led to the coalition Mouvement Québec français.
In 1974, under the Liberal government of Robert Bourassa, the act was superseded by Bill 22.

</doc>
<doc id="9806106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806106" title="Jerwood Drawing Prize">
Jerwood Drawing Prize

The Jerwood Drawing Prize, formerly the Cheltenham Open drawing competition, is the United Kingdom's leading award in contemporary drawing. It is claimed to be the largest and longest running annual open exhibition for drawing in the UK. It was established in 1994 to promote excellence in contemporary drawing practice.
Funded by the Jerwood Charitable Foundation and organised by Wimbledon College of Art, the exhibition is open to entry by all artists resident or domiciled in the United Kingdom. It takes place annually, and includes an exhibition of all the shortlisted drawings at Jerwood Space which then forms a touring exhibition.
In 2004 approximately 2,000 entries were received.
In 2011 the competition accepted approximately 3,500 entries. A first prize of £6,000 and a second prize of £3,000 were awarded. In addition there were two student awards, each with a £1,000 prize.
Winners.
Previous major prize winners include:

</doc>
<doc id="9806110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806110" title="Devora Radeva">
Devora Radeva

Devora Radeva (born April 23, 1992 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian figure skater. She is a two season competitor on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. She competed at the 2006 Junior Grand Prix Final because it was held in Sofia and the Bulgarian federation was given a wildcard entry. Radeva finished ninth.

</doc>
<doc id="9806128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806128" title="Shalom H. Schwartz">
Shalom H. Schwartz

Shalom H. Schwartz () is social psychologist, cross-cultural researcher, author of Theory of basic human values (universal values as latent motivations and needs). He also contributed to the formulation of Values Scales in the context of social learning theory and social cognitive theory.
Biography.
After several years of completing his master's degree in social psychology and group development at Columbia University and completing his rabbinical studies, Schwartz received his Ph.D. in social psychology from the University of Michigan, and subsequently taught in the sociology department of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and in 1973 became a professor. From 1971-73, Schwartz was a visiting lecturer in the department of psychology at the Hebrew University.
In 1979, when many of Israel's leading researchers were going to work at universities in the United States, Schwartz moved to Israel with his wife and three children. He joined the department of psychology at the Hebrew University, where he holds the post of Leon and Clara Sznajderman Professor Emeritus of Psychology. He's retired, but continues his research activity, as well as developing and promoting his Basic Human Values Theory.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Schwartz was following the studies of Hofstede about human values and improved them to became one of the pioneers in the research on pro-social and altruistic behavior. His research has since included studies on the development and consequences of a diverse range of behavioral attitudes and orientations, such as religious belief, political orientation and voting, social group relations, consumer behavior, as well as the conceptualization of human values across cultures.
Memberships.
Schwartz is a fellow of the American Psychological Foundation and is a member of the American Sociological Foundation, European Association of Experimental Social Psychology, Israel Psychological Association, Society for Experimental Social Psychology, and Society for Personality and Social Psychology. He is president of the International Association for Cross-Cultural Psychology. He coordinates an international project in more than 70 countries that studies the antecedents and consequences of individual differences in value priorities and the relations of cultural dimensions of values to societal characteristics and policies. His value theory and instruments are part of the ongoing, biannual European Social Survey.

</doc>
<doc id="9806138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806138" title="Sara Twete">
Sara Twete

Sara Twete (born June 28, 1989 in Hillerod, Denmark) is a Danish figure skater. She is the 2007 Danish junior national champion. She is a three time competitor at the Nordic Championships. Twete is coached by Henrik Walentin, who was a Danish national champion and competed at the World level.

</doc>
<doc id="9806154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806154" title="Talat Pasha's Abandoned Documents">
Talat Pasha's Abandoned Documents

Talat Pasha's Black Book (printed as "Talat Paşa'nın Evrak-ı Metrukesi") refers to the handwritten notes in a personal notebook form by the Ottoman Minister of Interior on the relocations of both Turkish-Muslim and Armenian Ottoman citizens during World War I.
It is disclosed in 2005 by the Turkish journalist Murat Bardakçı. The notebook was handed over to him by Talat Pasha's widow, Hayriye Talat Bafralı, along with a batch of other documents comprising letters he had sent her and telegrammes exchanged between Committee of Union and Progress members. In April 2006, Bardakçı re-edited the book in full, adding parts that were missing in the first publication with the name "Talat Paşa'nın Evrak-ı Metrukesi" (The Abandoned Documents of Talat Pasha).
Notes.
The 1915-1916 resettlements cited in Talat Pasha Black Book of 702,905 Turks from regions under threat of occupation by Russian forces and of 924,158 Armenians. The cited figures do not fall in discordance with a 29 February 1916 letter sent to the US Secretary of State from the embassy in İstanbul reporting upon the number of Armenian immigrants (for Syria only).
In accordance with 27 May 1915 Tehcir Law is qualified as exposing the genocide by one Armenian source which goes on to recall the clauses of the 1948 UN Convention on Genocide.
Murat Bardakçı declared that Gomidas pirated and distorted his book and the publisher Everest has sued Gomidas on August 9, 2011. In the introduction of his book historian Bardakçı explains that relocation was a large scale move of Armenians from locations with heavy population to other locations to spread them around within the country. For instance some Armenians were moved from Van to Izmit near Istanbul, some from Izmit to Kütahya (ei. Hudavendigar), and some from Kütahya to Afyon. He says "I sufficed with publishing these documents only, leaving the reader to comment and calculate for own. However, when calculating losses, it should be remembered that the difference between the population figures prior and after 1915 does not only indicate the number of those who lost their lives during relocation, but also includes those who chose to leave the country and go to Russia during combats [as Armenians deserted the Ottoman Army, changed sides under leadership of Karekin Pastermadjian and fought with Turks on the side of Russians It should be noted that 644.900 Armenians returned home after Moudros Armistice in 1918 as stated in US archival documents 

</doc>
<doc id="9806181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806181" title="Otakar Batlička">
Otakar Batlička

Otakar Batlička (born 12 March 1895 in Prague, Czech Republic part of the Kingdom of Bohemia in Austria-Hungary; died on 13 February 1942 in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp) was a Czech adventurer, journalist, ham (amateur) radio operator, and member of the Czech-based Nazi resistance group Obrana Národa (English: "Defense of the Nation") during World War II. In his early adult years, he traveled around the world. His travels became the basis for the semi-autobiographical adventure stories for young people, which he published in the magazines "Mladý hlasatel" (English: "Young Announcer") and "Vpřed" (English: "Forward"). In his stories, he described his experiences, which he supplemented with stories of people he met. After the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia and the subsequent establishment of the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, he became a member of the Obrana Národa, for which his proficiency as a radio operator gained him connections with London. After his arrest, he was eventually imprisoned in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp, where he was murdered. His youth is the basis for the fictional series "Batličkovských legend" (English: "Batličkavian Legends").
Life.
Batlička was born in Prague and died in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.

</doc>
<doc id="9806219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806219" title="Milt Kogan">
Milt Kogan

Milt Kogan (born April 10, 1936) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the desk sergeant, Officer Kogan, on the television series "Barney Miller" in 1975. 
He also made guest appearances on the television series "It Takes a Thief", "", "Ironside", "Sanford and Son", "Mannix", "The Law", "Cannon", "Police Story", "Kojak", "Eight Is Enough", "Chico and the Man", "The Rockford Files", "Quincy, M.E.", "Diff'rent Strokes", "Lou Grant", "Night Court", "Cagney & Lacey", "Columbo", "Knots Landing", "Quantum Leap", "General Hospital", "Wonder Woman", "Airwolf", "The A-Team", "My Two Dads", and many more.
Kogan's movie credits include "Lucky Lady" (1975), "The Sunshine Boys" (1975), "No Deposit, No Return" (1976), "Dr. Black and Mr. Hyde" (1976), "The Lady in Red" (1979), "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" (1982), "Bachelor Party" (1984), "Brewster's Millions" (1985), "Solar Crisis" (1990), "Hesher" (2009), "Accidentally in Love" (2011), "The Descendants" (2011), among others.
He produced two award-winning documentaries titled "Different From You" (2002), and "Final Farewell of the Fabulous Apostles" (2006).
Milt is an M.D. who practices board-certified Family Medicine in Los Angeles, California. He entered Cornell University with the class of 1957, but left after his junior year to earn his medical degree. He returned to Cornell to finish his B.S. in Animal Science fifty years later, graduating in 2007. As an undergraduate, he was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. He also holds an M.P.H. (Epidemiology) from University of California, Los Angeles (1974–1976). He was a Peace Corps Physician in West Africa (1969–1972), practiced with the National Health Service Corps in Harlowton, Montana (1982–1983), served with the U.S. Army in Hanau, West Germany (1984–1986) and practiced in Vermillion, South Dakota (1996–1998). He speaks English, French, German, and Spanish.
Published works include: "Escape From Montana" (2009), "Diary of the Ouagadougou Doc" (2010), "Second Act" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="9806232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806232" title="Alison Mosshart">
Alison Mosshart

Alison Nicole Mosshart (born November 23, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, artist, and occasional model best known as the lead vocalist for the indie rock band The Kills and blues rock band The Dead Weather. She started her musical career in 1995 with the Florida punk rock band Discount which disbanded in 2000. She then co-founded The Kills with British guitarist Jamie Hince (formerly of Scarfo and Blyth Power) in 2000.
In The Kills, Mosshart is known by her stage name "VV" and Hince is known as "Hotel".
In early 2009, she joined the supergroup The Dead Weather, formed by Jack White, along with Jack Lawrence and Dean Fertita. In that band, her stage name is "Baby Ruthless."
Career.
Mosshart features on the 2006 Primal Scream song "Dolls (Sweet Rock and Roll)", from the album "Riot City Blues", as well as on the Placebo song "Meds", the title track of their 2006 album. She also featured on Cage the Elephant's song "It's Just Forever", from "Melophobia".
The Kills.
Before the two even met, Mosshart and Hince overheard each other playing music while sharing the same hotel during Mosshart's European tour with Discount. They finally met up, and started playing around with some music ideas. After she went back to Florida, she continued writing songs with Jamie, by sending her ideas overseas to London, where he lived. She became very exhausted and ill, so after saving money, Mosshart moved to London and the duo officially started. She has tattooed the date of their first concert on her left hand : 14 February 2002.
In 2003, The Kills released their first album "Keep on Your Mean Side".
In 2005, they released their follow-up album "No Wow".
In 2008, "Midnight Boom" was released, and singles "U R A Fever", "Cheap and Cheerful", and "Sour Cherry" got much more exposure than The Kills' previous singles on shows and movies like "House M.D.", "90210", "The House Bunny", "Friday The 13th (2009 film)", and "The Losers".
On January 11, 2011, Mosshart announced the name of the new album "Blood Pressures". It was released April 5 in the U.S. and April 4 elsewhere. The album is their most commercially successful to date.
During the 'Blood Pressures' tour they celebrated their 10 year anniversary on February 11, 2012.
They have released a photography book called Dream & Drive of their past 9 years with the photographer Kenneth Capello.
On June 26 2014, The Kills opened for Jack White in the Royal Hospital Kilmainham, Dublin, for White's Lazaretto tour. Mosshart joined White to perform White's song "Love Interruption", and both Mosshart and Hince joined White to perform Leadbelly's "Goodnight Irene".
The Dead Weather.
Mosshart is one of the original members of the blues rock band The Dead Weather, formed in late 2008. She had been involved with previous performances with Jack White and Jack Lawrence and The Raconteurs. She sings lead vocals and plays rhythm guitar.
She co-wrote (along with Dean Fertita) the band's first single "Hang You from the Heavens" which was released on March 11, 2009. Mosshart also wrote "So Far From Your Weapon" and co-wrote eight of the original ten tracks on their debut album "Horehound".
In 2010, a second album - "Sea of Cowards" - was released. The lead single, Die By The Drop, was written by Mosshart, Fertita, and Lawrence.
Mosshart and White jammed with Seasick Steve and John Paul Jones for the 2011 ITunes Festival.
White's Third Man Records released a book made by Mosshart for her three bandmates called Shark Infested Soda Fountain containing pictures she took during their tour.
She recently joined Jack White on stage for his show at Bridge School Benefit to perform I Cut Like A Buffalo (from The Dead Weather) and Love Interruption with him while Dean Fertita was playing guitar.
On 29 August 2013, The Dead Weather announced that they had returned to the studio to record a follow-up to 2010's "Sea of Cowards."
Art.
Mosshart debuted her artwork as part of ArtNowNY's collaborative exhibit, Push It, in 2014. Her primary medium is paint.
Fashion.
In April 2011, Mosshart contributed to Vogue.co.uk's "Today I'm Wearing" feature, sharing a picture of her outfits each day for one month. In 2013, she teamed up with French brand Surface to Air to design her ideal leather jacket.
Personal life.
Mosshart grew up in Vero Beach, Florida. She has a brother, Matthew Mosshart, a chef, who was engaged to media personality Kelly Osbourne, the daughter of Black Sabbath singer Ozzy Osbourne and his wife, Sharon Osbourne until they announced their split on 9 January 2014. Mosshart maintains a residence in London, England as well as Nashville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="9806239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806239" title="Jamie Hince">
Jamie Hince

James William Hince (born 19 December 1968) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, best known as the guitarist for the indie rock duo The Kills. He started his musical career in bands called Fiji, Scarfo, and Blyth Power. He co-founded The Kills with American singer Alison Mosshart in 2000. In The Kills, Hince is known as "Hotel" and Mosshart is known as "VV."
Personal life.
Hince is married to model Kate Moss. In 2008, The Sun reported that Hince and Moss became engaged during a trip to Amsterdam. Hince proposed to her in bed with a vintage 1920s ring worth more than £10,000. They wed on 1 July 2011 at St Peter's Church, Southrop in Gloucestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="9806246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806246" title="XML Certification Program">
XML Certification Program

XML Certification Program (XML Master) is IT professional certification for XML and related technologies. There are two levels of XML Certifications, XML Master Basic certification and XML Master Professional certification, and more than 18000 examiners have passed those examinations.
For Certification Exam Takers.
Exam Fee.
It takes US$125 for each certification exam.
Exam Enrollment.
The XML Master exams are available daily at Prometric Authorized Testing Centers. To take the exam, schedule a day and time at Prometric Web site.
External links.
XML Master Basic Certification Exam Preparation Links.
Section 1 - XML Overview
Section 2 - Creating XML Documents
Section 3 - DTD
Section 4 - XML Schema
Section 5 - XSLT, XPath
Section 6 - Namespace

</doc>
<doc id="9806247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806247" title="Neutrophil extracellular traps">
Neutrophil extracellular traps

Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) are networks of extracellular fibers, primarily composed of DNA from neutrophils, which bind pathogens.
It has long been known that neutrophils (a human's front-line of defence against infection) use two strategies to kill invading pathogens: engulfment of microbes and secretion of anti-microbials. In 2004, a novel third function was identified: formation of NETs, whereby neutrophils kill extracellular pathogens while minimizing damage to the host cells. Upon "in vitro" activation with the pharmacological agent phorbol myristate acetate (PMA), Interleukin 8 (IL-8) or lipopolysaccharide (LPS), neutrophils release granule proteins and chromatin to form an extracellular fibril matrix known as NETs through an active process.
NETs disarm pathogens with antimicrobial proteins such as neutrophil elastase and histones that are bound to the DNA. Analysis by immunofluorescence corroborated that NETs contained proteins from azurophilic granules (neutrophil elastase, cathepsin G and myeloperoxidase) as well as proteins from specific granules (lactoferrin) and tertiary granules (gelatinase), yet CD63, actin, tubulin and various other cytoplasmatic proteins were not. NETs provide for a high local concentration of antimicrobial components and bind, disarm, and kill microbes extracellularly independent of phagocytic uptake. In addition to their antimicrobial properties, NETs may serve as a physical barrier that prevents further spread of the pathogens. Furthermore, delivering the granule proteins into NETs may keep potentially injurious proteins like proteases from diffusing away and inducing damage in tissue adjacent to the site of inflammation.
High-resolution scanning electron microscopy has shown that NETs consist of stretches of DNA and globular protein domains with diameters of 15-17 nm and 25 nm, respectively. These aggregate into larger threads with a diameter of 50 nm. However, under flow conditions, NETs can form much larger structures, hundreds of nanometers in length and width.
More recently, it has also been shown that not only bacteria but also pathogenic fungi such as "Candida albicans" induces neutrophils to form NETs that capture and kill "C. albicans" hyphal as well as yeast-form cells. NETs have also been documented in association with "Plasmodium falciparum" infections in children. NETs might also have a deleterious effect on the host, because the exposure of extracellular histone complexes could play a role during the development of autoimmune diseases like systemic lupus erythematosus. NETs could also play a role in inflammatory diseases, as NETs could be identified in preeclampsia, a pregnancy related inflammatory disorder in which neutrophils are known to be activated. NETs also have been shown to be associated with the production of IgG antinuclear double stranded DNA antibodies in children infected with falciparum malaria.
While it was originally proposed that NETs would be formed in tissues at a site of bacterial/yeast infection, NETs have also been shown to form within blood vessels during sepsis (specifically in the lung capillaries and liver sinusoids). Intra-vascular NET formation is tightly controlled and is regulated by platelets, which sense severe infection via platelet TLR4 and then bind to and activate neutrophils to form NETs. Platelet-induced NET formation occurs very rapidly (in minutes) and does not result in death of the neutrophils. NETs formed in blood vessels can catch circulating bacteria as they pass through the vessels. Trapping of bacteria under flow has been imaged directly in flow chambers "in vitro" and intravital microscopy demonstrated that bacterial trapping occurs in the liver sinusoids and lung capillaries (sites where platelets bind neutrophils).
The formation of NETs is regulated by the lipoxygenase pathway – during certain forms of activation (including contact with bacteria) neutrophil 5-lipoxygenase forms 5-HETE-phospholipids that inhibit NET formation. Evidence from laboratory experiments suggests that NETs are cleaned away by macrophages that take them to themselves and degrade them.
These observations suggest that NETs might play an important role in the pathogenesis of infectious, inflammatory and thrombotic disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="9806273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806273" title="Pullover Productions">
Pullover Productions

Pullover Productions Ltd was a television production company responsible for a number of UK children's programmes in the 1980s. The company specialised in puppetry using black light theatre techniques, particularly animating everyday objects such as umbrellas, dishcloths, balls or shoes.
History.
The company was founded by two Czech refugees from the 1968 invasion of Prague, Susan Kodicek and Rosta Cerny, along with producer Maggie Clarke. Kodicek and Cerny had worked together in the theatre for a number of years as the "Black Theatre Group of Prague" (as distinct from the better known "Black Light Theatre of Prague"), performing puppet-based Variety acts with Mike Yarwood and Paul Daniels, and two full-length shows, "Plop" and "Big Me and the Wilting Witch" for Greenwich Theatre. They moved into television when the BBC gave them a regular slot on the children's show "Vision On". They moved to Granada TV for the series "Daisy, Daisy" where they performed black theatre segments and the in-show puppets Wriggle and Splodge, and eventually pitched a new idea for a further series "Once Upon a Time", which featured a short black-theatre puppetry sequence accompanying a story with a similar theme. The show ran for several years, first with presenter Peter Davison, later with singer Mark Wynter; it transmuted into "Sounds like a Story". They also contributed characters named Mr and Mrs Macaroni (notable for speaking a language consisting entirely of the names of Russian composers) to "Our Backyard".
Pullover.
Keen to create something more of their own, Kodicek and Cerny created Pullover Productions to make a series for pre-schoolers called Pullover. The programme was about a stuffed toy that comes to life each night and has adventures in the bedroom of its owner (played by Kodicek's son Danny). In most of the episodes, Pullover would find himself in a different world, where he would meet a friend, get into some mild peril and finally return to his world and his bed. 
The programme was notable for the fact that apart from a few lines spoken by the child at the beginning (he would read a short story to Pullover before going to sleep, introducing the subject of the episode), there was no speech. Instead, all episodes were scored with music throughout, providing a kind of 'narration'. 
Only thirteen episodes of "Pullover" were produced. The series was part financed by ITC Entertainment, who also handled international distribution rights. UK broadcast was by Central on the ITV Network. At its peak in 1982 it reached number 3 in the children's viewing charts.
A knitting pattern, produced by Robin, which if faithfully followed would result in a home-made Pullover toy, was released. Some long-established wool shops still have the pattern in stock! 
FoxTales.
Following "Pullover", the company created a more mainstream programme, "FoxTales", adapting a number of classic Eastern European folk tales to a cast of animal characters, narrated by Grandpa Fox (again Peter Davison). The show was well received but suffered from the fact that budgets for children's programming were being cut as imported animated series became increasingly cheaper to obtain. 
Later work.
Kodicek and Cerny continued to produce programmes for a few more years, but eventually moved on. Kodicek went on to write and direct a feature film about her experiences as a child in Stalinist Czechoslovakia, and died in 2011[http://www.guardian.co.uk/tv-and-radio/2011/apr/19/hannah-kodicek-obituary]. Cerny works for the German-language branch of Czech radio.

</doc>
<doc id="9806298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806298" title="Baggage cart">
Baggage cart

Baggage carts, luggage carts, luggage trolleys or trolleys are small vehicles pushed by travelers (human-powered) to carry individual luggage, mostly suitcases. There are two major sizes: One for big luggage and one for small luggage. Carts have usually two parts for carrying luggage: A small section (basket) for carry on luggage at the same level as the handle, and a lowered large section for suitcases a small and large bags.
The baggage cart was invented by supermarket entrepreneur and inventor of the shopping cart Sylvan Goldman.
The carts are provided in airports, large bus stations, hotels, or train stations for transporting luggage and may be free of charge. They are sometimes owned by the operator of the establishment. In some facilities carts may be provided by a contractor such as Smarte Carte for a rental fee. Baggage carts are usually built out of steel and equipped with three or four wheels. For safety reasons, they are generally fitted with a brake. Usually, a handle has to be pushed down in order to move the cart, however, in some cases, such as London airports, the handle activates the brake. Very few carts, e.g. in developing countries such as Sri Lanka, do not have this feature.
In systems with a rental fee a portion of the rental fee may be returned when the cart is returned to the rack.
Parts.
In airports, boarding baggage cart parts are: 
Baggage tugs.
A baggage tug is an electric vehicle used by the airline industry to tow baggage carts to and from the terminal/cargo facility and the aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="9806309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806309" title="Troides plateni">
Troides plateni

Dr. Platen's Birdwing ("Troides plateni") is a birdwing butterfly endemic to Palawan, Balabac, Dumaran, and the Calamian Islands in the Philippines. It is named for Dr. Carl Constantin Platen.
Habitat and conservation.
"Troides plateni" is found mainly in wooded habitats. The larval foodplant is "Aristolochia tagala" (Aristolochiaceae). It is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES).
Taxonomic position.
The taxonomic relationship between "T. rhadamantus rhadamantus", "T. rhadamantus plateni" and "T. dohertyi" is uncertain. Haugum & Low (1985) rank "plateni" and "dohertyi" as a subspecies of "T. rhadamantus" (Tsukada & Nishiyama, 1980, 1982). Ohya (1983) rank "plateni" as a species.

</doc>
<doc id="9806315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806315" title="Talking Heads discography">
Talking Heads discography

The discography of American new wave band Talking Heads consists of eight studio albums, two live albums, nine compilation albums, one remix album, one video album, thirty-one singles and fifteen music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="9806317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806317" title="Prasanna Jayakody">
Prasanna Jayakody

Prasanna Jayakody (born 1968) is a budding Sri Lankan film director. His debut film Sankara (Introspection), won The Special Jury Prize The Silver Pyramid at the Cairo International Film Festival 2006 and the Best Debut Director Award at the International Film Festival of Kerala 2006.
Prasanna Jayakody was born in 1968 to an artistic family which was strongly rooted in traditional Sinhala values and grew up in a Buddhist environment.
He debuted at the age of 21, with Seveneli saha Minissu (Shadows and Men) a stage drama thematically woven around a thoughtful discussion on the reality of life and was a major critical success. He was immediately catapulted into the limelight, projected as the most promising among new entrants.
His Teledramas which have won unprecedented number of National Television Awards are a result of work which is loved by the masses of Sri Lanka and honored by the intelligentsia. Visual allure has been his aesthetic trademark. But his great ability to articulate the Sinhala Buddhist ethos is the hallmark of his remarkable career. In this he remains unparalleled among his contemporaries. 
His maiden cinematic creation Sankara (Introspection) is a deep analytical study of mans inner soul. Just as all his other artistic works, Sankara too is inspired by and deeply entrenched in Buddhist philosophy.
Text: Satyajit Maitipe
Sankara :A poem that moves
A young Buddhist monk, arrives at a temple in order to restore its paintings. These paintings depict the Thelapaththa Jathakaya, a moral story where Lord Buddha said that a man with a big target in life must not be swayed by passion (keles), the five senses and especially beautiful women.
One day, Ananda picks up a hair pin belonging to a young woman. While attempting to return this object to its owner, his repressed, inner feelings are awoken as Ananda develops sensual feelings towards this woman.
Hence, the young monks inner spiritual world is plunged into turmoil.Then one night, the paintings are destroyed. While restoring them for the second time Ananda begins to realize that he is trapped in a web of his worldly desires and attachments like that depicted in the paintings.
At the end of the film, Ananda accepts that it is his own desire which has led to the defilement of his soul. In order to rid himself of his attachments, Ananda takes his astral being away from physical existence.

</doc>
<doc id="9806326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806326" title="David Komansky">
David Komansky

David H. Komansky (born 1939 in Mount Vernon, New York) is the former chairman and CEO of Merrill Lynch & Company.
Komansky grew up in a family of Russian Jewish immigrants and Irish Catholics. He joined the U.S. Coast Guard before attending the University of Miami in 1965. Komansky joined Merrill Lynch in 1968 as a broker and became a regional director in 1981 and an executive vice president in 1990. Komansky also served as a director and chief executive officer of Merrill Lynch from December 1996 to December 2002, and as a director, president and chief operating officer of Merrill Lynch from January 1995 to December 1996.
He is married to wife Phyllis and has two daughters, Jennifer and Elyssa.
Komansky retired as Chairman from Merrill Lynch in April 2003 after spending 35 years at the firm. Upon his announcement of retirement, John Gutfreund, who ran investment bank Salomon Brothers in the 1980s, said, "David Komansky has been one of the major contributors to the financial community's progress throughout the world during his tenure at Merrill Lynch." 
Komansky kept a picture of the Bronx tenement building in which he grew up hanging inside his office.
Among many professional affiliations, he serves as a director of BlackRock and as a member of the International Advisory Board of the British American Business Council. Active in many civic and charitable organisations, he serves on the Board of the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital.
In July 2005, the Phyllis and David Komansky Center for Children's Health was established at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University to make medical care more accessible, advanced, and supportive of the needs of young patients and their families. He is also a member of the board of directors of London-based WPP Group, a business conglomerate.

</doc>
<doc id="9806332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806332" title="ChurchBuilder">
ChurchBuilder

Church Builder is 3D Computer Environment created by Brian Farrimond of the School of Computing at Liverpool Hope University. It allows children as young as 9 to create virtual models of Churches and Cathedrals.
Description of Church Builder.
Church Builder is a piece of software aimed at primary school children aged between 9 and 11 years. The developers' objective was to produce a 3D modelling tool that children could learn to use in 15 minutes, yet creating realistic, complex models quickly.
3D models are increasingly used to visualize objects for presentation in schools, and the active creative engagement with such ICT materials is recognized as beneficial to developing multiple intelligences in children. Normally such software is difficult to master, especially for children. However, because Church Builder's primitives deal with church elements, such as naves, transepts etc., rather than polygons and boxes, the creation of specific 3D models can be almost immediate.
The current version of the software provides the first component of a tool kit which can be used for modelling a range of types of buildings including churches, castles and palaces that can be placed in virtual worlds, modelling the heritage of the locality and which can be shared.
Software Construction and Underlying Principles.
Church Builder has minimal system requirements, and is basically a tool treating the underlying data of the 3D models as a tree structure of nodes, consisting of parameterized representations of the components of the objects being modeled. The tool automatically generates graphics primitives that enable the visualization of and interaction with the object, allowing children to rapidly build sophisticated model church structures

</doc>
<doc id="9806334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806334" title="(Hydroxyethyl)methacrylate">
(Hydroxyethyl)methacrylate

Hydroxyethylmethacrylate or HEMA is the monomer that is used to make the polymer polyhydroxyethylmethacrylate. The polymer is hydrophobic; however, when the polymer is subjected to water it will swell due to the molecule's hydrophilic pendant group. Depending on the physical and chemical structure of the polymer, it is capable of absorbing from 10 to 600% water relative to the dry weight. Because of this property, it was one of the first materials to be successfully used in the manufacture of flexible contact lenses

</doc>
<doc id="9806339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806339" title="Diane Bell">
Diane Bell

Diane Robin (Di) Bell (born 11 June 1943) is a pioneering Australian feminist anthropologist, author and activist, Professor Emerita of Anthropology at the George Washington University in Washington, D. C., Writer and Editor in Residence at Flinders University, South Australia and Visiting Professor School of Social Sciences, University of Adelaide. In 2005, after 17 years in the United States, she returned to her native Australia to retire and currently lives and writes in South Australia.
Bell was born and grew up in Melbourne. She has lived in Sydney, Canberra, Darwin, Alekarenge, Northern Territory, Worcester, Massachusetts, Washington, D. C., Berkeley Springs, West Virginia, Blackstown, Virginia and Finniss, South Australia. She is the daughter of Allan and Florence Haig. She has two children, Genevieve and Morgan, and two grandchildren, Lawson and Clancy.
Work life as a teacher, researcher, consultant, writer and editor.
Originally trained as a primary teacher in the 1960s in Victoria, Australia, Bell returned to study in the 1970s but first had to complete high school which she did by attending night school at Box Hill High School, Victoria. Bell continued onto university and received her BA (Hons) in Anthropology at Monash University in 1975, and a Ph.D. from Australian National University in 1981 which was based on field work with Aboriginal women in central Australia.
During the 1980s, Bell held a range of positions in Australia. She worked for the Northern Territory Aboriginal Sacred Sites Protection Authority in the early 1980s, before establishing her own anthropological consultancy in Canberra. She consulted for the Central Land Council, the Northern Land Council, Aboriginal Legal Aid Services, the Australian Law Reform Commission, and the Aboriginal Land Commissioner. She subsequently held academic posts, first as a Research Fellow at the ANU, and then as the Chair of Australian Studies at Deakin University in Geelong where she was the first female Professor on staff. In 1989, Bell moved to the United States to take up the Chair of Religion, Economic Development and Social Justice endowed by the Henry R. Luce Foundation, at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts. In 1999 she moved to Washington DC where she was Director of Women's Studies and Professor of Anthropology at The George Washington University (GWU). As the recipient of a Fellowship in 2003-4, awarded by the peak educational body, the American Council on Education (ACE), Bell also worked closely with the senior administration of Virginia Tech as they revised their curriculum. Bell also served on the Board of Trustees for Hampshire College for eight years. On her retirement from GWU in 2005 she was awarded the title "Professor Emerita of Anthropology" by The George Washington University. On her return to Australia she was appointed Writer and Editor in Residence at Flinders University (South Australia) and Visiting Professor, School of Social Sciences at the University of Adelaide, (South Australia).
Bell is the author/editor of 10 books, including several significant monographs on Australian Aboriginal culture and numerous articles and book chapters dealing with religion, land rights, law reform, art, history and social change. . She has served on the editorial boards of several journals ("Aboriginal History" 1979-1988; "Women's Studies International Forum" 1990-) and was a contributing member of the Editorial Board for the "Longmans Encyclopedia" (1989) Macmillan, "Encyclopedia of World Religions" (2005) and the "Encyclopedia of Religion in Australia"(2009).
Bell was also a contributing consultant to National Geographic on their "Taboo" TV series (2002-4).
Changing the face of Australian anthropology.
Bell's first full-length anthropological monograph,"Daughters of the Dreaming", was ground breaking scholarship. Her explicit focus on the religious, spiritual and ceremonial lives of Aboriginal women in central Australia was not without controversy, but her rich ethnographic material had an indelible mark on Australian anthropology, and beyond. It is now well-established practice to have women's councils as part of the decision-making and consultative structures in Aboriginal affairs. Through her research and in giving expert evidence, Bell has been able to demonstrate that Aboriginal women are owners and managers of land in their own right. Bell worked on some 10 land claims for the Central Land Council, the Northern Land Council and the then Aboriginal Land Commissioner, Mr Justice Toohey.
In 1986, Melbourne publishers McPhee Gribble, with Diane Bell as author, won the competitive tender from the Australian Bicentennial Authority (ABA) to write a book about women in Australia for the 1988 Bicentenary. The book, "Generations: Grandmothers, Mothers and Daughters" (with photos by Ponch Hawkes) explored generations of Australian women and "the way the significant objects in their lives have been passed from hand to hand, generation to generation". It focused on ordinary people through the stories they had been told by and were passing onto their female kin. Bell used an ethnographic approach to explore the commonalities of Australian women's cultures across age, time, race and region. Shortly after it was published, the book reached number one on the "Age" best seller list for works of non-fiction.
"Anthropology in the Eye of the Storm".
Throughout the latter part of the 1970s, and through most of the 1980s, Bell was involved in issues surrounding Aboriginal land rights and law reform. With lawyer, Pam Ditton, she authored "Law: the old and the new. Aboriginal Women in Central Australia Speak Out" (Central Australian Aboriginal Legal Aid Service, 1980) which addressed issues of law reform in Central Australia, in the wake of the passage of the Northern Territory Land Rights Act (1976). Bell worked on a number of land claim cases in the Northern Territory, particularly in central Australia, but also in and around the Top End.
In the late 1990s, Bell became a key player in the Hindmarsh Island bridge controversy. In 1994 a group of Ngarrindjeri women, traditional owners of the Lower River Murray, Lakes Alexandrina and Albert and the Coorong (South Australia) had objected that a proposal to build a bridge from Goolwa to Kumarrangk (Hindmarsh Island) near the Murray Mouth would desecrate sites sacred to them as women. The gender restricted knowledge that underwrote their claim became known as 'secret women's business' and was contested in the media, courts and academy. In 1996 a South Australian Royal Commission found that the women had deliberately fabricated their beliefs to thwart the development. However, the women who claimed knowledge of the sacred tradition did not give evidence at the Royal Commission because they considered it to be a violation of their religious freedoms. Five years later these women and those experts who had testified on their behalf were vindicated. In 2001, federal court judge, Mr John von Doussa, heard from all parties to the dispute and found the women had not lied. Nonetheless the notion that the women lied persists in some quarters and 'secret women's business' is used as a term of derision and disrespect. Bell became involved in this matter of gender-restricted knowledge after the Royal Commission. On the basis of her research in the SA archives and fieldwork with the women in 1996-8, Bell was convinced there was sufficient evidence to support the women's claims that there was gender-restricted knowledge in Ngarrindjeri society and that the women had told the truth.
Bell's subsequent monograph, "Ngarrindjeri Wurruwarrin" (1998), won the NSW Premier's Gleebook Award for cultural and literary criticism in 1999. The judges wrote: "An erudite capacious book on the politically contentious and culturally sensitive subject of the Hindmarsh Island Bridge affair, in which the author allows diverse voices to be heard and refuses to simplify an inherently complicated and pressing set of issues. This is an outstanding book of cultural criticism, which brings together feminist anthropology, oral and archival history, political and legal narrative." The book was also short listed for The Age Book of the Year and the Queensland Premier's History Award in 1999 and the Gold Medal of the Australian Literary Society in 2000. "Ngarrindjeri Wurruwarrin" is often cited as an important example of alternate ethnographic prose. Bell's most recent writing with Ngarrindjeri women, "Kungun Ngarrindjeri Miminar Yunnan" (2008) is a further contribution to collaborative research and writing and documents the impact of the contesting of cultural knowledge on the Ngarrindjeri. Bell continues to work with the Ngarrindjeri and now lives on their traditional lands.
Fiction.
Aside from her numerous anthropological texts, and feminist works, Bell has also delved into fictional writing. Her first book, titled "Evil", addresses secrets within the churches and is set on the campus of an American college. Performed as a play adapted by Leslie Jacobson for the "From Page to Stage" season on new plays at the Kennedy Center, Washington, DC, USA, 3 September 2006 and presented as a staged reading in Adelaide, 16 May 2008.
Politics.
Bell ran as an independent candidate in the 2008 Mayo by-election, caused by the resignation of former foreign minister and Liberal leader Alexander Downer.
South Australian independent Senator Nick Xenophon gave support to Bell's campaign. Her campaign was called Vote 4 Di and was supported by a campaign website. In a field of 11 candidates, Bell received 16 percent of the vote, behind the Greens on 21 percent and the Liberals on 41 percent. The seat became marginal for the Liberals, who suffered a reduced primary and two-party margin.
River advocate.
Diane Bell campaigns for fresh water flows for the River Murray, Lakes Alexandrina and Albert and the Coorong. In 2007, she was a co-founder of and worked with the River, Lakes and Coorong Action Group inc to stop the construction of a weir across the River Murray at Pomanda Island (at the point where the river enters Lake Alexandrina). Since 2009 she has administered the [http://www.hurrysavetheMurray.com website and been a frequent speaker and commentator on environmental matters.

</doc>
<doc id="9806349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806349" title="Yutian County, Hebei">
Yutian County, Hebei

Yutian () is a county of northeastern Hebei province, China, and is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Tangshan, bordering Tianjin to the north and west. It is located approximately northwest of Tangshan and east of Beijing, lying on China National Highway 102. It has an area of and a population of 650,000.
Administrative divisions.
The county administers 14 towns and 6 townships.

</doc>
<doc id="9806352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806352" title="Elem Indian Colony">
Elem Indian Colony

The Elem Indian Colony of Pomo Indians (also known as the Elem Band of Pomo and Sulfur Bank Band of Pomo Indians) are a Native American band of Pomo based on near Clearlake Oaks, California on the Eastern shore of Clear Lake. The Elem Indian Colony reservation was originally formed under the name Sulfur Bank Rancheria () in 1949. The reservation lies between Clearlake Oaks to its north, and Clearlake to its south.
The tribe was organized in 1936 and has a population of about 100. Currently they are attempting to regain ownership of Rattlesnake Island near their reservation, where they had held ceremonies for centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="9806390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806390" title="Galleria 220">
Galleria 220

Galleria Shopping Centre (formerly known as Centro Galleria and Westfield Galleria) is a super-regional shopping centre located in Morley, Western Australia, about northeast of Perth's central business district. The Galleria is the second largest retail centre in Perth. It contains several major retailers and approximately 227 specialty retailers.
The present centre was built over a series of developments between 1988 until 1994, and currently has a gross lettable area of and 4,235 parking spaces.
History.
The shopping centre was built by the Coles Myer Group. Construction commenced in 1989 after a fire had destroyed the Boans complex. Construction joined two separate shopping centres on the western side of Collier Road. Collier Road, which had previously extended southeast from the end of Wellington Road, was rerouted further east to enable the building of the central food court and eastern wing of Galleria. The 1994 redevelopment was designed by the Los Angeles architects RTKL Associates Inc and local firm Oldham Boas Ednie-Brown Architects, Planners & Interior Designers (Now known as The Buchan Group). In 2003 Galleria was acquired from Westfield Group by Centro Properties Group, but Westfield Group continued to operate the centre until late 2004 when Centro Properties Group officially took over management of the centre. In 2013 as part of Centro's rebranding to Federation Limited the centre was rebranded simply to "Galleria".
Stores & Precincts.
Galleria's major retailers include 3 level Myer, Woolworths, Coles, Target, Kmart, Rebel Sport and Greater Union Cinemas. Galleria features an 8-cinema Greater Union complex and approximately 227 speciality retailers.
Transport.
Galleria is situated in the suburb of Morley and has a two-level carpark. The Morley Major Bus Interchange is on the western side of the shopping centre and also has a few bus stops around it, serviced by a variety of routes including express services to Perth and the CircleRoute.

</doc>
<doc id="9806397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806397" title="Food contact materials">
Food contact materials

Food contact materials are materials that are intended to be in contact with food. These can be things that are quite obvious like a glass, a can for soft drinks, but also machinery in a food factory or a coffee machine.
Food contact materials can be constructed from a variety of materials like plastics, rubber, paper, coatings, metal etc. In many cases a combination is used; for example a carton box for juices can include (from the inside to the outside): plastic layer, aluminium, paper, printing and top coating.
During the contact of the food contact materials with the food, molecules can migrate from the food contact material to the food. Because of this, in many countries regulations are made to ensure food safety.
Legislation.
European Union.
The framework Regulation (EC) No. 1935/2004 applies to all food contact materials. Article 3 contains general safety requirements such as not endanger human health, no unacceptable change in the composition and no deterioration of the organoleptic characteristics. Article 4 set out special requirements for active and intelligent materials. Article 5 specifies measures for groups of materials that may be detailed in separate regulations of directives. Member States may maintain or adopt national provisions (Article 6). Articles 7-14 and 22-23 deal with the requirements and application for authorisation of a substance, modification of authorisation, the role of the European Food Safety Authority, the Member States and the Community. Article 15 is about labeling of food contact materials not yet in contact with food. Article 16 requires a declaration of compliance and appropriate documentation that demonstrate compliance. Articles 17-21 deal with traceability, safeguard measures, public access of applications, confidentiality, and data sharing. Article 24 sets out the inspection and control measures.
Specific measures for materials and articles such as ceramics, regenerated cellulose, plastics, gaskets and active and intelligent materials, and substances such as vinyl chloride, N-nitrosamines and N-nitrostable substances in rubber, and epoxy derivatives, exist.
United States.
It is very difficult to present a complete introduction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) legislation and the practical use for the clearance of a food contact material. This page must be considered as a short introduction to get familiar with the vocabulary. If you are not experienced with handling the FDA regulations, please be careful to avoid misinterpretations.
The FDA considers three different types of food additives:
- Direct food additives components added directly to the food
- Secondary direct food additives components that are added to the food due to food treatment like treating food with ionic resins, solvent extraction
- Indirect food additives Substances that may come into contact with food as part of packaging or processing equipment, but are not intended to be added directly to food
The food contact materials are described in the Code of Federal Legislation (CFR): 21 CFR 174 - 21 CFR 190. Important starting points are:
To this materials additives may be added. Which additives depend on the additive and on the material in which it is intended to be used. There must be a reference to the paragraph in which the additive is mentioned and the restrictions (for example only to be used in polyolefines) and limitations (max 0.5% in the final product) must be respected. See below for part in which additives are described: 21 CFR 170 Food additives
Polymers or additives can also be regulation in other ways, the exemptions, like:
- Threshold of regulation
- Food contact notification
- Private letters
- Prior sanctioned food ingredient
- Gras
References.
4. http://www.foodcontactmaterials.info/
Evaluation of food contact materials legislation in the world

</doc>
<doc id="9806404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806404" title="Jon Korkes">
Jon Korkes

Jon Korkes (born December 4, 1945) is an American stage, movie, and television actor.
Life.
Jon Korkes was born in Manhattan on December 4, 1945, the son of New York born Helen and Jack Korkes. He first worked in the theater in Jules Feiffer's "Little Murders", directed by Alan Arkin in 1969. He later began acting in movies and on television. In 1998 he directed his first film, "Who Was That Man". He also teaches at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in New York City.
Theater credits.
In 1971, Walter Kerr cited his performance in "Unlikely Heroes" as one of the most memorable of the Broadway season. His other Broadway credits include "Conversations With My Father" and "The Penny Wars". Off-Broadway credits include: "The Carpenters", "A Family Man", "Goose and Tomtom", "and Jazz Poets at the Grotto". Regional: "Exact Change" and "Rum and Coke" (Yale Rep), "Not Quite Jerusalem" (Longwharf), and "Our Country's Good" (East Carolina).
Television works.
His television appearances include "The Jury", ', ', "Law & Order", "The Beat", "Oz", "The Larry Sanders Show", "", "Moonlighting", "Starsky and Hutch", "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "All in the Family", "Night Gallery", and "Maude".

</doc>
<doc id="9806435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806435" title="De'e">
De'e

De'e (德峨乡村; pinyin: Dé'é Xiāngcūn) is a village in the Longlin Various Nationalities Autonomous County, under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Baise, in western Guangxi, China, near the border with Yunnan and Guizhou. It is inhabited by several ethnic minorities, including the Miao, Yi, Gelao, and Zhuang. Ethnic minorities account for 93.6 percent of the village's population.[http://www.gx.xinhuanet.com/bswz/longlin/mxmz3.htm]
Each year, at the beginning of the lunar new year, the Tiapo Festival (跳坡节; pinyin: Tiàopō Jié; literally "leaping on the hillsides festival"), a Miao festival featuring the music and dance, is held.[http://english.people.com.cn/english/200002/16/eng20000216W103.html][http://www.gx.xinhuanet.com/bswz/longlin/gk.htm] Other nationalities living in the area, including the Yi, Gelao, Zhuang, and Han, also participate in this festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9806452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806452" title="Campo de Futbol La Murta">
Campo de Futbol La Murta

Campo de Futbol La Murta is a football stadium in Xàtiva in the autonomous community of Land of Valencia. It has a capacity of 9,000, 2,000 of which are seats. It is the home ground of CD Olímpic de Xàtiva who play in the Valenciana Regional Preferente.The pitch dimensions are 103m x 63m. 
The site has been a football field since the late 1920s or early 1930s and is the only home ground Olimpic have used. Until 1960, the ground was very basic, consisting of a simple uncovered tribune on the east side of the ground and a single step around the pitch. In season 1960/61, leading player Richart was transferred to Sporting de Gijón and it is said that this money was used to build the popular terrace at the north end of the ground. Simple improvements to the terracing occurred during the 1980s, but the next major development was the building of a new covered main stand in 2000. Plastic seats and an electronic scoreboard were added in 2002 and artificial turf was installed in October 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9806463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806463" title="Sankara (2006 film)">
Sankara (2006 film)

Sankara () is a 2006 Sinhalese language film directed by debutant, Prasanna Jayakody. The film is about the inner struggle of a young Buddhist monk who finds himself attracted to a pretty village girl. 
Cast.
Thumindhu Dodantenne - Young Monk<br>
Sachini Ayendra Stanley - Village Girl<br>
K.A. Milton Perera - Old Monk<br>
Nilupa Heenkendaarachchi - Unnamed Person

</doc>
<doc id="9806473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806473" title="Xavier Montsalvatge">
Xavier Montsalvatge

Xavier Montsalvatge i Bassols (; 11 March 1912 – 7 May 2002) was a Spanish composer and music critic. He was one of the most influential music figures in Catalan music during the latter half of the 20th century.
Biography.
Life.
Montsalvatge was born in Girona, and studied violin and composition at the Barcelona Conservatory. His principal teachers were Lluís Maria Millet, Enric Morera, Jaume Pahissa, and Eduard Toldrà. After the Spanish Civil War, Montsalvatge began work as a music critic when he joined the newspaper "Destino" in 1942, a publication he would eventually direct in 1968 and 1975. He wrote additionally for the daily "La Vanguardia" after 1962. Montsalvatge also returned to teach at his alma mater, becoming a lecturer in 1970, and then a professor of composition in 1978.
He was awarded Spain's Premio Nacional de Música for composition in 1985. He died in Barcelona, aged 90.
Work.
Montsalvatge's style evolved over several different phases. At the start of his career, he was strongly influenced by the twelve-tone technique and by Wagnerism, which together dominated the Catalan music scene during the period represented by his "Sinfonía mediterránea" of 1949. In the following period, he found inspiration in the music of the Antilles ("Cinco canciones negras", 1945; "Cuarteto indiano", 1952). His steady contact with the French composers Olivier Messiaen and Georges Auric led to a crucial change in his style, which soon became characterized by free polytonality ("Partida", 1958). The final phase of Montsalvatge's work revealed the influence of the avant-garde.
Montsalvatge explored virtually all musical forms in his composition. His work ranges in scale from operas ("El gato con botas", "Una voz en off") to chamber music ("Cuarteto indiano"), in between which lie his orchestral works, such as the "Desintegración morfológica de la Chacona de Bach", the "Laberinto o Sinfonía de réquiem", and the prizewinning "Sinfonía mediterránea". He owed his international fame chiefly to one charming and outstanding work: the "Cinco canciones negras" for mezzo-soprano and orchestra, a blend of Antillean rhythms and themes; among them, the best known is the "Canción de cuna para dormir un negrito" (Lullaby to sleep a black child). He wrote film music and in 1987, his score for the picture "Dragon Rapide", about Francisco Franco, was nominated as the best original music at the Goya Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9806488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806488" title="Ruggero Santilli">
Ruggero Santilli

Ruggero Maria Santilli (born September 8, 1935) is an Italian-American nuclear physicist, and a proponent of fringe scientific theories.
Biography.
Ruggero Maria Santilli was born in Capracotta and attended high school in Agnone, Province of Isernia, in the Italian region of Molise.
Santilli studied physics at the University of Naples and went on to attend the Graduate School in Physics of the University of Turin, graduating in 1966.
From September 1977 to August 1981 Santilli was a visiting scholar at the Department of Mathematics Harvard University under Department of Energy funding jointly with Shlomo Sternberg. In September 1981 Santilli established and became the President of the Institute for Basic Research Santilli has been the Founder and Chief Scientist of MagneGas Corporation. Currently, Santilli is the President of the Institute for Basic Research, Founder and Chief Scientist of Thunder Fusion Corporation.
Santilli is the Founder and the Honorary Editor in Chief of the "Hadronic Journal" and "Algebras, Groups and Geometries" published by Hadronic Press.
Work.
Hadronic mechanics and hadronic chemistry.
The primary thrust of Santilli's work has dealt with his so-called "hadronic mechanics", a non-unitary, axiom-preserving covering of quantum mechanics for the interactions of particles at one Fermi mutual distances, while recovering quantum mechanics identically for larger distances. His theory was named after the composite particle hadron. It is not generally accepted by the physics community.
Magnecule theory.
Santilli claims to have developed novel fuels, named "MagneGas" and "MagneHydrogen".
They are produced by plasma arc gasification of liquid waste. Santilli claims that these fuels are composed of magnecules. These hypothetical particles are a type of theoretical chemical species proposed by Santilli, distinguished from better-known species by containing a novel type of bond called a "magnecular bond", which he claims consists of atoms held together by magnetic fields which arise from toroidal polarization of their electron orbitals. Neither these claims nor the existence of magnecules have been accepted by the scientific community.
In addition to proposing Magnecules as a "new" kind of chemical structure, Santilli rejects the prevailing view of chemistry as being well-described by quantum mechanics (see quantum chemistry). For example he argues that the covalent bond is impossible in quantum mechanics, as he cannot conceive of a manner in which two same-charged electrons can come together to cause an attractive interaction.[http://www.i-b-r.org/docs/Fuels-Magnecular-Structure.pdf] (However, computational chemistry remains successful in describing chemical systems and is based on quantum mechanics of the electron.)
HHO gas.
Magnecules have also been invoked as an explanation for a purported "HHO gas", which Santilli claims is "a new form of water" produced by electrolysis. The name comes from the supposed chemical structure (H × H)–O, where “×” represents a "magnecular bond" and “−” a conventional molecular bond. It is claimed that these devices produce HHO gas, with a number of unique properties, instead of the usual oxyhydrogen gas, which is simply a mixture of diatomic hydrogen and oxygen gases.
In 2006, Brown University Professor of Engineering Joseph M. Calo wrote in the International Journal of Hydrogen Energy that Santilli's article had "many serious misinterpretations, and misunderstandings of the 'data' presented", provided "absolutely no scientific evidence" to support HHO gas's existence and he described Santilli's Magnecules as “pseudo-science as well".
Scientific paradigms and conspiracies.
In his book "Il Grande Grido: Ethical Probe on Einstein's Followers in the U.S.A, an Insiders View" (), Santilli claims that in many institutions there is an effective conspiracy to suppress or not investigate novel theories which may conflict with established scientific theories, such as Einstein's theory of relativity. Institutions receive funding and have established entire departments dedicated to long established theories, and so he argues that these same institutions are ill equipped to challenge their own scientific paradigms with new theories. Santilli claimed that a number of scientists, including Nobel Laureates Sheldon Glashow and Steven Weinberg, conspired to stop him from conducting research which might have led to the inapplicability of part of Einstein's theory of relativity while he was at Harvard. He has complained that papers he has submitted to peer-reviewed American Physical Society journals were rejected because they were controlled by a group of Jewish physicists led by Steven Weinberg.
Lawsuits.
Santilli has filed a number of lawsuits related to his scientific ideas, including a lawsuit against the magazine Infinite Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="9806491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806491" title="World Maths Day">
World Maths Day

World Maths Day ("World Math Day" in American English) is an online international mathematics competition, powered by educational resource provider 3P Learning (the same organisation behind the school resources Mathletics, Spellodrome and IntoScience). Smaller elements of the wider Mathletics program effectively power the World Maths Day event.
The first World Maths Day was held on March 14 2007 (Pi Day), and has been held on the 1st Wednesday in March in subsequent years. Despite these origins, the phrases "World Maths Day" and "World Math Day" are trademarks and not to be confused with other competitions such as the International Mathematical Olympiad or days such as Pi Day. In 2010, World Maths Day created a Guinness World Record for the "Largest Online Maths Competition".
In 2011, the team behind the competition added a second event World Spelling Day - and officially rebranded as the World Education Games. In 2012, a third event was added - World Science Day. The World Maths Day and World Education Games games are now sponsored by Samsung, and supported by UNICEF as global charity partner.
Overview.
World Maths Day involves participants playing 60 second games,with the platform heavily based on "Live Mathletics" found in Mathletics.
The contests involve mental math problems appropriate for each age group which test the accuracy and speed of the students as they compete against other students across the Globe. The simple but innovative idea of combining the aspects of multi-player online gaming with math problems has contributed to its popularity around the world.
History.
The inaugural World Maths Day was held on March 13 2007. 287 000 students from 98 countries answered 38 904 275 questions.The student numbers and the participating countries have steadily increased in the following years as evidenced by the Guinness Record created in 2010.In 2012 as the World Education Games, over 5.9 Million students from 240 Countries and Territories around the World registered to take part in the games with the World Maths Day being the biggest attraction.
In 2013, it was held between 5-7th March and the awards were presented at the Sydney Opera House to the Champions.
Awards.
A number of awards are offered to the students who take part and for those who do well in the event. Additionally the Champions and the Top Ten students in the world are awarded Gold medals every year.
There are also a number of National lead-up events in different regions around the world which are also based on the Mathletics format.The winners become the Ambassadors of their Country for the World Education Games the following year and help to promote the event.
Champions.
The complete list of individual Champions,School,Class and other winners over the years can be found in the World Education Games website.
The Individual Gold Medal Winners through the years are listed below
Official National Mathletics Challenges leading up to World Maths Day.
Throughout the year Mathletics host several National Mathletics challenges in the lead up to World Maths Day. These challenges and the winners list are as follows:
2010 Results.
The American Math Challenge :Winner- Alek K, Haddonfields schools, Null.
The Australian Maths Challenge :Winner- Parker C, Home Education, NSW.
The Canadian Math Challenge :Winner- Shekar S, North Kipling Junior Middle School, ON.
The European Schools Maths Challenge:Winner- Anna S, British International School of Ljubljana, Slovenia.
The Middle East Schools Maths Challenge:Winner- Zakria Y, Australian International School,UAE.
The NZ Maths Challenge :Winner- Vlad B, St Mary's School, Christchurch.
The South African Maths Challenge :Winner- Jaden D, Wilton House, GT.
The UK Four Nations Maths Challenge :Winner- Sharan Maiya, Glasgow Academy, Scotland.
2011 Results.
The American Math Challenge :Winner- Sayan Das, Team USA, Minnesota.
The Australian Maths Challenge :Winner- Tatiana Devendranath, Team Australia, VIC.
The Canadian Math Challenge :Winner- Tom.L, MPS, Etobicoke.
The European Schools Maths Challenge:Winner-
The Middle East Schools Maths Challenge:Winner- .
The NZ Maths Challenge :Winner- Jake Dawson, Springbank School.
The Pakistan Maths Challenge: Winner- Dilsher A, The International School of Choueifat.
The South African Maths Challenge :Winner- Jaden D, Team ZAF.
The UK Four Nations Maths Challenge :Winner- Sharan Maiya, Glasgow Academy, Scotland, United Kingdom.
2012 Results.
The American Math Challenge :Winner- Zhe W, Team USA, Massachusetts
The Australian Maths Challenge :Winner- Aaron Herrmann, Seaford 6-12 School, South Australia
The Canadian Math Challenge :Winner- Hanting C, Maywood Community School, Canada
The European Schools Maths Challenge:Winner- Filip Szary, Team Poland
The Middle East Schools Maths Challenge:Winner- Pushp raj P, MES Indian School, Qatar
The NZ Maths Challenge :Winner- Willem Ebbinge, Remarkables Primary School, Otago
The Pakistan Maths Challenge: Winner- Husnain Ali Abid, Team Pakistan, Punjab
The South African Maths Challenge :Winner- Bradley P, Merrifield College, Eastern Cape
The UK Four Nations Maths Challenge :Winner- Ryan Conlan, Team GBR, Scotland
2014 results.
N/A

</doc>
<doc id="9806506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806506" title="Comics House">
Comics House

Comics House is one of the major manga publishing companies in Malaysia. Comics House translates manga mainly into Malay, as well as a lesser number in Chinese. They began by publishing Dragon Ball and Dragon Quest in 1995, and now also publish for the Singaporean and Bruneian Malay manga markets.
Manga published by Comics House in Malay.
"(Titles in Bahasa Melayu are added in parentheses.)"

</doc>
<doc id="9806510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806510" title="High Court of Justice for the trial of Charles I">
High Court of Justice for the trial of Charles I

The High Court of Justice is the name given to the court established by the Rump Parliament to try King Charles I of England. This was an ad hoc tribunal created specifically for the purpose of trying the king, although the name was used for subsequent courts.
Background.
After the first English Civil War, the parliamentarians accepted the premise that the King, although wrong, had been able to justify his fight, and that he would still be entitled to limited powers as King under a new constitutional settlement. By provoking the second Civil War even while defeated and in captivity, Charles was held responsible for unjustifiable bloodshed. The secret "Engagement" treaty with the Scots was considered particularly unpardonable; "a more prodigious treason," said Oliver Cromwell, "than any that had been perfected before; because the former quarrel was that Englishmen might rule over one another; this to vassalize us to a foreign nation." Cromwell up to this point had supported negotiations with the king but now rejected further negotiations.
In making war against Parliament, the king had caused the deaths of thousands. Estimated deaths from the first two English civil wars has been reported as 84,830 killed with estimates of another 100,000 dying from war-related disease." The population of England in 1650 was only an estimated 5.1 million, meaning that the war casualties totalled 3.6 percent of the population, almost double the proportional deaths of the later American Civil War. 
Following the second civil war, the army and the Independents in Parliament were determined that the King should be punished, but they did not command a majority. Parliament debated whether to return the King to power and those who still supported Charles's place on the throne, mainly Presbyterians, tried once more to negotiate with him.
Furious that Parliament continued to countenance Charles as King, the army marched on Parliament and purged the House of Commons in an act later known as "Pride's Purge" after the commanding officer of the operation. On Wednesday, 6 December 1648, Colonel Thomas Pride's Regiment of Foot took up position on the stairs leading to the House, while Nathaniel Rich’s Regiment of Horse provided backup. Pride himself stood at the top of the stairs. As Members of Parliament (MPs) arrived, he checked them against the list provided to him. Troops arrested 45 MPs and kept 146 out of parliament. 
Only 75 were allowed in, and then only at the army's bidding. On 13 December, the "Rump Parliament", as the purged House of Commons came to be known, broke off negotiations with the King. Two days later, the Council of Officers of the New Model Army voted that the King be moved to Windsor "in order to the bringing of him speedily to justice". In the middle of December, the King was moved from Windsor to London.
The role of Parliament in ending a reign.
Neither the involvement of Parliament in ending a reign, nor the idea of trying a monarch was entirely novel. Parliament had asked for the abdication of Edward II who was charged with incompetence. Parliament also accepted the resignation of Richard II. However, in both these cases, Parliament acted at the behest of the new monarch. Parliament had established a regency council for Henry VI, although this was at the instigation of senior noblemen and parliament claimed to be acting in the King's name.
In the case of Lady Jane Grey, Parliament rescinded her proclamation as queen. She was subsequently tried, convicted and executed for high treason, but she was not brought to trial while still a reigning monarch.
Establishing the court.
After the King had been moved to London, the Rump Parliament passed a Bill setting up what was described as a "High Court of Justice in order to try Charles I for high treason" in the name of the people of England. The bill initially nominated 3 judges and 150 commissioners, but following opposition in the House of Lords, the judges and members of the Lords were removed. When the trial began, there were 135 commissioners who were empowered to try the King although only 68 would ever sit in judgement. The Solicitor General John Cook was appointed prosecutor.
Charles was accused of treason against England by using his power to pursue his personal interest rather than the good of England. The charge against Charles I stated that the king, "for accomplishment of such his designs, and for the protecting of himself and his adherents in his and their wicked practices, to the same ends hath traitorously and maliciously levied war against the present Parliament, and the people therein represented...", that the "wicked designs, wars, and evil practices of him, the said Charles Stuart, have been, and are carried on for the advancement and upholding of a personal interest of will, power, and pretended prerogative to himself and his family, against the public interest, common right, liberty, justice, and peace of the people of this nation." The indictment held him "guilty of all the treasons, murders, rapines, burnings, spoils, desolations, damages and mischiefs to this nation, acted and committed in the said wars, or occasioned thereby."
Although the House of Lords refused to pass the bill and the Royal Assent naturally was lacking, the Rump Parliament referred to the ordinance as an "Act" and pressed on with the trial anyway. The intention to place the King on trial was re-affirmed on 6 January by a vote of 29 to 26 with "An Act of the Commons Assembled in Parliament". At the same time, the number of commissioners was reduced to 135 – any twenty of whom would form a quorum – when the judges, members of the House of Lords and others who might be sympathetic to the King were removed. 
The commissioners met to make arrangements for the trial on 8 January when well under half were present - a pattern that was to be repeated at subsequent sessions. On 10 January, John Bradshaw was chosen as President of the Court. During the following ten days, arrangements for the trial were completed; the charges were finalised and the evidence to be presented was collected.
Trial.
The trial began on 20 January 1649 in Westminster Hall, with a moment of high drama. After the proceedings were declared open, Solicitor General John Cook rose to announce the indictment; standing immediately to the right of the King, he began to speak, but he had uttered only a few words when Charles attempted to stop him by tapping him sharply on the shoulder with his cane and ordering him to "Hold". Cook ignored this and continued, so Charles poked him a second time and rose to speak; despite this, Cook continued. At this point Charles, incensed at being thus ignored, struck Cook across the shoulder so forcefully that the ornate silver tip of the cane broke off, rolled down Cook's gown and clattered onto the floor between them. Charles stooped to retrieve it himself.
When given the opportunity to speak, Charles refused to enter a plea, claiming that no court had jurisdiction over a monarch. He believed that his own authority to rule had been Divine right of kings given to him by God and by the traditions and laws of England when he was crowned and anointed, and that the power wielded by those trying him was simply that of force of arms. Charles insisted that the trial was illegal, explaining, "No learned lawyer will affirm that an impeachment can lie against the King... one of their maxims is, that the King can do no wrong." Charles asked ""I would know by what power I am called hither. I would know by what authority, I mean lawful"". Charles maintained that the House of Commons on its own could not try anybody, and so he refused to plead. 
The court proceeded as if the king had pleaded guilty ("pro confesso"), as was the standard legal practice in case of a refusal to plead. However, witnesses were heard by the judges for 'the further and clearer satisfaction of their own judgement and consciences.' 
Thirty witnesses were summoned, but some were later excused. The evidence was heard in the Painted Chamber rather than Westminster Hall. King Charles was not present to hear the evidence against him and he had no opportunity to question witnesses. 
The King was declared guilty at a public session on Saturday 27 January 1649 and sentenced to death. To show their agreement with the sentence, all of the 67 Commissioners who were present rose to their feet. During the rest of that day and on the following day, signatures were collected for his death warrant. This was eventually signed by 59 of the Commissioners, including two who had not been present when the sentence was passed.
Execution.
King Charles was beheaded in front of the Banqueting House of the Palace of Whitehall on 30 January 1649. He declared that he had desired the liberty and freedom of the people as much as any; 
"but I must tell you that their liberty and freedom consists in having government... It is not their having a share in the government; that is nothing appertaining unto them. A subject and a sovereign are clean different things."
Francis Allen arranged payments and prepared accounts for the execution event.
Aftermath.
Following the execution of Charles I, there was further large-scale fighting in Ireland, and England, known collectively as the third civil war. A year and a half after the execution, Prince Charles was proclaimed King Charles II by the Scots and he led an invasion of England where he was defeated at the Battle of Worcester. This marked the end of the civil wars.
The High Court of Justice during the Interregnum.
The name continued to be used during the interregnum. James Earl of Cambridge was tried and executed on 9 March 1649 by the 'High Court of Justice'.
In subsequent years the High Court of Justice was reconstituted under the following Acts. 
On 30 June 1654, Peter Vowell and John Gerard were tried for High Treason by the High Court of Justice sitting in Westminster Hall. They had planned to assassinate Oliver Cromwell and restore Charles II as king. The plotters were found guilty and executed.
The restoration and beyond.
After the Restoration in 1660, all who had been active in the court that had tried and sentenced Charles I were targets for the new King. Most of those that were still alive attempted to flee the country. Many fled to the Continent but several of the regicides were sheltered by leaders of New Haven Colony. With the exception of Richard Ingoldsby, all those that were captured were executed or sentenced to life imprisonment.
The charges against the king were echoed in the American colonists against George III a century later, that the king had been "trusted with a limited power to govern by and according to the laws of the land, and not otherwise; and by his trust, oath, and office, being obliged to use the power committed to him for the good and benefit of the people, and for the preservation of their rights and liberties; yet, nevertheless, out of a wicked design to erect and uphold in himself an unlimited and tyrannical power to rule according to his will, and to overthrow the rights and liberties of the people..."

</doc>
<doc id="9806524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806524" title="Wilhelm Gueinzius">
Wilhelm Gueinzius

Wilhelm Gueinzius (15 March 1813 – 24 January 1874) was a German naturalist, collector and apothecary.
Life.
Gueinzius was born in Trotha, a suburb of Halle. In his youth he attended the grammar school "Franckesche Stiftung" in Halle, but showed little academic inclination. In 1833 he became an apprentice apothecary, and was employed at the hospital of Charité in Berlin between 1836 and 1837. Working at a pharmacy in Dessau, he made the acquaintance of the police director Brueckner who introduced him to the founder of the zoological museum in Leipzig, Professor Eduard Friedrich Pöppig. Gueinzius was probably trained at Leipzig under Pöppig.
He arrived in the Cape Colony in 1838 and registered as an apothecary. From 1839 to 1840 he collected in the Cape Colony, in particular in the Stellenbosch district and lived in the house of the lay magistrate Theunissen in Somerset West, about 40 km southeast of Cape Town. Around 1840 he moved to the Swellendam area where he worked as a tutor at Morkel's farm Onverwacht in the Hottentots Holland until 1841, when he left for Natal, on an English war frigate commanded by John Marshall, shortly before Natal's annexation by the United Kingdom in 1843. Initially all his specimens were sent to Pöppig, who praised the quality of his collecting in a letter to Joseph Dalton Hooker. Pöppig lodged these specimens under his own name in his herbarium, which has since been moved to Vienna. Pöppig collected extensively in Central and South America, never visiting South Africa.
Gueinzius settled on the Tugela River and supplied the medical needs of the Zulu chief Mpande (Dingaan's half-brother) and his wives. Returning from an expedition to the north, he found that armed conflict had erupted between the English, Boers and Zulus, and that his home had been plundered by British troops. With no reparation forthcoming and destitute, he left Natal to stay with friends in Cape Town. Here he met Charlotte Tayler, the young sister of two English businessmen. Despite being attracted to her, no permanent relationship resulted, largely because of his impoverished state. His relationship with the druggist Juritz in Cape Town, who was to send his collections and letters to Europe, fared no better when it transpired that Juritz had held back letters and had appropriated collection pieces for himself.
Gueinzius returned to Natal in 1844 on the schooner "Margaret", after a storm-tossed journey of sixteen days. He stayed at first with a friend, Campion, and found that almost all the Boer families he had known earlier, had left Natal and gone north to escape British dominion. Owing money to Juritz in Cape Town and with his health failing, Gueinzius wrote to Pöppig on 12 December 1848, holding him accountable for a large part of his financial woes in that his reimbursements to Gueinzius were few and paltry. He now turned to the company of W. Schlüter in Halle, to buy his collected items - his ornithological collection ended up at the museum of Leipzig University, insects at the museum in Stettin, and the Ethnology Museum in Dresden gained an ethnographic collection of the Bantu tribes of Natal.
With the independence of Natal as an English crown colony in 1856, Gueinzius acquired a small piece of land. Here he had meetings with other German colonists sent out by Jonas Bergtheil of Bramsche in order to establish a cotton-growing industry in Natal - the "Natal Cotton Company". These colonists had settled in a place they called Neu-Deutschland, today part of the suburb of Westville in Durban. The cotton endeavour soon failed and the Germans turned to growing vegetables to satisfy the growing demands of Durban. Some of the Germans settled in New Hanover outside Pietermaritzburg. 
The missionary Karl Wilhelm Posselt (1815-1885) of the Berlin Missionary Society had moved to the mission station Christianenburg, near Neu-Deutschland, in 1858. He wrote ""A German naturalist, named Gueinzius ... lives in this forest fissure. He leads an ingenious hermit life, very lonesome in the forest among the birds, and four-footed and crawling animals with which he has an affinity. He collects beetles and butterflies, stuffs birds and also dabbles in the spiritual world"". Gueinzius also shared his home with a python. In addition to specimens of flowering plants, he collected marine algae, mosses and ferns, as well as bats, snakes and insects. He often raised butterflies from larvae and eggs. Contemporary writings describe him as striking in appearance with a wide knowledge of the natural world.
He died at Grey's Hospital in Pietermaritzburg, shortly before he was due to return to Germany to live with his brother Karl August Gueinzius in the Province of Saxony.
Legacy.
Gueinzius is commemorated in numerous specific names such as "Combretum gueinzii" Sond., "Rhus gueinzii" Sond., "Psoralea gueinzii" Harv., "Asplenium gueinzii" Mett., "Fabronia gueinzii" Hampe and "Keetia gueinzii" (Sond.) Bridson

</doc>
<doc id="9806535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806535" title="List of Stony Brook University people">
List of Stony Brook University people

This is a list of people connected to Stony Brook University.
Notable faculty.
This list includes both present and former faculty members.

</doc>
<doc id="9806544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806544" title="Bill Kuster">
Bill Kuster

Bill Kuster (May 9, 1930 - August 12, 2006) was an American television meteorologist. He was a weather forecaster at KYW-TV in Philadelphia from 1963 to 1979 and KUSA in Denver from 1979 to 1996.
Biography.
Early life and education.
William E. Kuster was born on May 9, 1930 in Fernville, Pennsylvania. The Kuster family later moved to Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, where he briefly attended Bloomsburg State College. He served for four years in the U.S. Navy during the Korean War before earning a bachelor's degree in journalism in 1956 from Pennsylvania State University.
Career.
Bill Kuster's broadcast career began with a six-month period at WARM (AM) in Scranton as a substitute game show host and weatherman. He next worked at WGAL in Lancaster as a weatherman and assistant news director.
In 1963, he moved to the Philadelphia area and joined KYW-TV as a weekend weatherman. He started a vegetable garden, dubbed Kuster's Garden, at the station in 1975.
After he left KYW in 1979, he moved to Denver, Colorado station KUSA-TV. He worked as KUSA's weekday and weekend weathercaster until his retirement in 1996. He continued the tradition of his Kuster Garden in Denver and expanded it to enlist a restaurateur to prepare meals with the annual harvest for Denver-area homeless shelters.
Marriage and children.
Bill married the former Dottie Zettle circa 1955. The couple had two children, son Marc and daughter Kim.
Death and afterward.
Kuster died on August 12, 2006 following a battle with leukemia.
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia [http://broadcastpioneers.com] inducted Kuster posthumously into their Hall of Fame in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9806589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806589" title="Julian Alsford">
Julian Alsford

Julian Alsford (born 24 December 1972 in Poole) is an English former footballer who played the majority of his professional games with Chester City in two separate spells. He was a centre half.
Alsford started his career at Watford, after becoming an associated schoolboy in December 1988, he became a trainee in July 1989 and went on to captain the youth team. He signed professional terms in May 1991, and established himself in the reserve team. He had a series of loans in the lower leagues, joining both Kingsbury Town and Staines Town in January 1992, and Slough Town in March 1994. However, was unable to establish himself in the Watford team, and was tried as a striker in the reserves.
Alsford was allowed to join Chester City for free in August 1994, but with Watford to receive a third of any future fee received for him. He played for Chester for four years, before joining Scottish Premier League side Dundee United. He only played three league games for the club, and was soon loaned to Barnet. He rejoined Chester in 1999, before signing for Dorchester Town in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9806607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806607" title="Tall, Dark Handsome Stranger">
Tall, Dark Handsome Stranger

Tall, Dark, Handsome Stranger is a song written by Holly Knight and Albert Hammond, performed by the rock band, Heart, for their 1990 album, "Brigade". In the song's lyrics, a woman describes how she's so sick and tired of men trying to act cool and pretending to be everything a woman might want. The chorus is directed toward a man who is different from those in her past:

</doc>
<doc id="9806615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806615" title="Cam Archer">
Cam Archer

Cam Archer (born 1981) is an American independent filmmaker, photographer and sound designer, currently residing in Santa Cruz, California. Archer's first success was with his 2003 student produced short film, "bobbycrush", about a young boy's unrequited love for his best friend. The film premiered at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival, received a Student Academy Award nomination that same year and inspired much of Archer's future work.
After being work-shopped at the 2005 Sundance Screenwriter's Lab, Archer's first feature film, "Wild Tigers I Have Known", premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and went on to be distributed theatrically in 2007 by IFC Films. The film follows 13 year-old Logan (Malcolm Stumpf), as he comes to terms with his sexual identity, the hell of middle school, wild mountain lions and life with his single mother (Fairuza Balk). Cinematographer and frequent Archer collaborator, Aaron Platt, received a 2007 Independent Spirit Award nomination for his work on the film. Gus Van Sant and producer Scott Rudin were executive producers on the project, in addition to producers Lars Knudsen and Jay Van Hoy.
Archer's second feature film, "Shit Year", premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, as part of their Director's Fortnight program. The black and white film follows actress Colleen West (Ellen Barkin), as she is forced to reexamine her career, her psychological well being and a recent, failed romantic relationship with fellow actor, Harvey West (Luke Grimes). The film also features narration by Rickie Lee Jones, and performances by Melora Walters, Bob Einstein and Theresa Randle. The film was produced by Lars Knudsen and Jay Van Hoy, released theatrically at the IFC Center in New York City in the fall of 2011 and on home video by Factory 25 in the fall of 2012.
Between features, Archer has also directed numerous short films and music videos, including collaborations with Current 93, Emily Jane White, Imperial Teen, Joan Jett, Julianna Barwick, Lydia Lunch, Mick Turner, Peaking Lights, Sarabeth Tucek, Six Organs of Admittance, Xiu Xiu and Zero 7.
Archer's photographs have appeared in several publications, including Nylon, Tokion and Rolling Stone, among others.
Archer was awarded a 2012 Creative Capital grant for his latest film project, a feature length documentary entitled "Practical Life".

</doc>
<doc id="9806619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806619" title="Bonesetter">
Bonesetter

A bonesetter is a practitioner of joint manipulation. Before the advent of chiropractors, osteopaths, and physical therapists, bonesetters were the main providers of this type of treatment. Bonesetters would also reduce joint dislocations and "re-set" bone fractures.
Later years.
In Japan, bone-setting is known as sekkotsu. Other "lay" bonesetters still practice in some parts of the world.
Author Evelyn Waugh, in his 1934 novel "A Handful of Dust" mentions the term in the following passage: "If Brenda had to go to London for a day's shopping, hair-cutting, or bone-setting (a recreation she particularly enjoyed), she went on Wednesday, because ..."

</doc>
<doc id="9806623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806623" title="List of metropolitan areas in Mississippi">
List of metropolitan areas in Mississippi

The State of Mississippi has a total of five metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) that are fully or partially located in the state. 17 of the state's 82 counties are classified by the United States Census Bureau as metropolitan. As of the 2000 census, these counties had a combined population of 1,194,522 (42.0% of the state's total population). Based on a July 1, 2009 population estimate, that figure rose to 1,311,726 (44.4% of the state's total population).
Combined Statistical Areas.
The United States Census Bureau defines a Combined Statistical Area (CSA) as an aggregate of adjacent Core Based Statistical Areas (CBSAs) that are linked by commuting ties. There are three combined statistical areas in Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="9806627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806627" title="City of Ipswich">
City of Ipswich

The City of Ipswich is a local government area which governs the outer western portion of the Brisbane Metropolitan Area, Queensland. It covers an area of along the coast about southwest of Brisbane CBD. The City of Ipswich local government area has a population of 180,000 (2013).
Ipswich is centrally located in the South East Queensland region of Australia. To the east is the City of Brisbane local government area, and to the west are the rural and agricultural areas of the Brisbane, Lockyer and Fassifern Valleys. The Ipswich local government area comprises an area of 1090 square km and reached a population of 180,000 in 2013.
History.
Ipswich is the second-oldest local government area in Queensland, after Brisbane. On 16 November 1859, after the enactment of the Municipalities Act of 1858 in New South Wales, a petition containing 91 signatures was received by the Governor of New South Wales seeking to have Ipswich, which at the time had 3,000 people, granted municipal town status. The petition was gazetted the following day, and no counter-petition was received.
On 29 November, the letters patent authorised by Queen Victoria which were to make Queensland a separate colony were published in New South Wales, and the petition was forwarded to the new Queensland governor, Sir George Ferguson Bowen. On 10 December 1859, the same day that the letters patent were published in Queensland, the petition was regazetted. On 3 March 1860 the Borough of Ipswich was proclaimed, and its first elections were held on 19 April 1860, where John Murphy became its first Mayor. The Municipality's corporate logo was designed by Reverend Lacey H. Rumsey, the rector of St Paul's Church in Ipswich in 1861.
Ipswich applied on 22 November 1904 to become a City, the status being conferred by the Government of Queensland on 1 December 1904 and its first mayor was Hugh Reilly. On its declaration, the City of Ipswich covered only the central area of Ipswich itself - even what are today considered inner suburbs were parts of different entities.
Beginning in 1994 Ipswich adopted an innovative, community-based, information technology project which aimed to make the city a technology hub at the forefront of the growing move towards the information superhighway. The most prominent feature of the initiative, which was called Global Info-Links, was the development of a new library with free public internet access and the development of a wide area network to which people could subscribe.
The Greater Ipswich Scheme of 1916.
On 13 October 1916, a rationalisation of the local government areas in and around Ipswich was implemented. It involved the abolition of five shires:
resulting in:
Greater Ipswich Scheme of 1949.
On 29 January 1949, a new Local Government Act was enacted to further amalgamate local government in the Ipswich area, abolishing the Shires of Normanby and Rosewood. The City of Ipswich was enlarged (from 12¼ square miles to 30 square miles) to include the more urban parts of the Shire of Moreton (formerly known as the Shire of Ipswich). The Shire of Moreton was then enlarged by the inclusion of the northern part of the Shire of Normanby and all the Shire of Rosewood. The southern part of the Shire of Normanby was transferred to an enlarged Shire of Boonah.
Further enlargment.
The Shire of Moreton amalgamated with Ipswich on 11 March 1995.
Loss of rural areas.
In March 2000, Ipswich ceded some rural territory in Mount Walker, Mutdapilly, Rosevale and Warrill View to the neighbouring Shire of Boonah. Following the major reforms of local government in Queensland, on 15 March 2008, Ipswich lost the largely rural areas of Harrisville and Peak Crossing in its southeast to the new Scenic Rim Region.
On 31 October 2012, a groundbreaking ceremony for the Ecco Ripley housing development project was conducted by Ipswich mayor Paul Pisasale and Sekisui House.
Transport.
Because Ipswich is the head of navigation on the Brisbane and tributary rivers, it was chosen as the starting point of the first railway to the interior. This saved money in the first instance, and only later was this railway was connected to the City of Brisbane area.
Divisions.
The local government has 10 Councillors each representing one division (or ward). Each Councillor serves a four-year term. The Mayor is directly elected by the people every 4 years. Future elections will be held in 2016 and 2020.
Click here to view the list of all Councillors and their Divisions.
Mayors.
The mayors of Ipswich have been:
Prior to 1921, mayors were elected on an annual basis from amongst the councillors, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9806652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806652" title="Edward Harrison">
Edward Harrison

Edward Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9806669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806669" title="Quaker Consortium">
Quaker Consortium

The Quaker Consortium is an arrangement between three liberal arts colleges, Bryn Mawr College, Haverford College, Swarthmore College, and one research university, the University of Pennsylvania, in the greater Philadelphia area. The arrangement allows for their students to enroll in courses at the other schools of the Consortium.
The name stems from the historic influence of Quakers in the Philadelphia region and in the founding and administration of the Consortium's member schools.
The three liberal arts colleges facilitate transportation between their respective campuses with free shuttle services. No such service is offered between the liberal arts colleges and Penn. Students wishing to get to Penn must drive or take the SEPTA Paoli/Thorndale Line or Media/Elwyn Line trains to Philadelphia. Haverford and Bryn Mawr students can also take the Norristown High Speed Line to 69th Street Transportation Center in Upper Darby where they transfer to SEPTA's Market–Frankford Line to reach Penn. Some programs at the liberal arts colleges subsidize these SEPTA fares.
Historically, students from the three liberal arts colleges have taken advantage of the consortium (for Penn's vast curricular offerings) much more frequently than Penn undergraduates. In 2006, for example, around 150 Bryn Mawr College students took classes at Penn, while only 5 Penn students took classes at the three liberal arts colleges.

</doc>
<doc id="9806699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806699" title="United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia">
United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia

The United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia (UNTAC) was a United Nations peacekeeping operation in Cambodia in 1992–93. It was also the first occasion on which the UN had taken over the administration of an independent state, organized and run an election (as opposed to monitoring or supervising), had its own radio station and jail, and been responsible for promoting and safeguarding human rights at the national level.
History.
UNTAC was established in February 1992 under United Nations Security Council Resolution 745 in agreement with the , the "de facto" government of the country at that time, in order to implement the Paris Peace Accords of October 1991. UNTAC was the product of intense diplomatic activity over many years.
Headed by Chief of Mission Yasushi Akashi (Japan), Force Commander Lieutenant-General John Sanderson (Australia), and Police Commissioner
Brigadier-General Klaas Roos (Netherlands), UNTAC involved approximately 15,900 military, 3,400 civilian police, 2,000 civilians and 450 UN Volunteers, as well as locally recruited staff and interpreters. During the electoral period, more than 50,000 Cambodians served as electoral staff and some 900 international polling station officers were seconded from Governments. The whole operation cost over $1.6 billion, mostly in salaries for expatriates. The participating countries providing military observers, police, or troops were: Algeria, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh, Belgium, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Egypt, Fiji, France, Germany, Ghana, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Malaysia, Morocco, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Philippines, Poland, Russian Federation, Senegal, Sweden, Thailand, Tunisia, United Kingdom, United States and Uruguay.
Goals.
UNTAC's aim was to restore peace and civil government in a country ruined by decades of civil war and Cold War machinations, to hold free and fair elections leading to a new constitution and to "kick-start" the rehabilitation of the country. It was to exercise 'supervision' or 'supervision or control' over all aspects of government, including foreign affairs, national defence, finance, public security and information, and to supervise, monitor and verify the withdrawal and non-return of foreign military forces; to canton, disarm and demobilize Cambodia's fighting factions, confiscate caches of weapons and military supplies, promote and protect human rights, oversee military security and maintain law and order, repatriate and resettle refugees and displaced persons, assist in mine clearance and the establishment of training programmes in mine clearance and mine awareness, rehabilitate essential infrastructure and assist in economic reconstruction and development.
Another important goal was the trial of senior Khmer Rouge leaders. The process that was initiated during the UNTAC led in October 4, 2004, to the ratification of an agreement with the United Nations by the Cambodian National Assembly on the establishment of a tribunal to try senior leaders responsible for the atrocities committed by the Khmer Rouge. Donor countries pledged the $43 million international share of the three-year tribunal budget, while the Cambodian government's share of the budget was $13.3 million.
The first trials of senior Khmer Rouge leaders took place only in 2007, when many of them were already dead or in ill-health.
Disarmament.
Despite UNTAC's boasting of its effectiveness and being feted by the international community as a success, UNTAC failed to disarm the Khmer Rouge, while effectively disarming the SOC's local militias. This bias allowed the Khmer Rouge to make territorial gains and gave rise to political violence. The State of Cambodia's military leaders were furious, claiming that UNTAC was extremely exacting with the disarmament of the CPAF, but too lenient and ineffective when it came to disarm the Khmer Rouge.
1993 elections.
Over 4 million Cambodians (about 90% of eligible voters) participated in the May 1993 elections, although the Khmer Rouge or Party of Democratic Kampuchea (PDK), whose forces were never actually disarmed or demobilized, barred some people from participating. Prince Ranariddh's FUNCINPEC Party was the top vote recipient with a 45.5% vote, followed by Hun Sen's Cambodian People's Party and the Buddhist Liberal Democratic Party, respectively. FUNCINPEC then entered into a coalition with the other parties that had participated in the election. The parties represented in the 120-member assembly proceeded to draft and approve a new constitution, which was promulgated September 24, 1993. It established a multiparty liberal democracy in the framework of a constitutional monarchy, with the former Prince Sihanouk elevated to King. Prince Ranariddh and Hun Sen became First and Second Prime Ministers, respectively, in the Royal Cambodian Government (RGC). The constitution provides for a wide range of internationally recognized human rights.
Effects of UNTAC presence.
Norodom Sihanouk had many reservations about the UNTAC operation, for the massive presence of foreign troops led to the abuse of some Cambodian women, boosting prostitution and introducing AIDS, which led Cambodia to become one of the worst affected countries by AIDS in Asia. The number of prostituted women in the State of Cambodia rose from about 6,000 in 1991, to over 20,000 after the arrival of UNTAC personnel in 1992. By 1995 there were between 50,000 and 90,000 Cambodians affected by AIDS according to a WHO estimate.
Statistics.
Duration: March 1992 – September 1993
Strength: Approximately 22,000 military and civilian personnel
Fatalities: 78 (4 military observers, 41 other military personnel, 14 civilian police, 5 international civilian staff and 14 local staff).
Expenditures: US$1.62 billion (UNAMIC and UNTAC combined)

</doc>
<doc id="9806707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806707" title="Bobby Coleman">
Bobby Coleman

Robert Moorhouse "Bobby" Coleman III (born May 5, 1997) is an American child actor. He is best known for his roles in the films "Martian Child", as the title character, and "The Last Song".
Life and career.
Coleman was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Doris Berg and Robert Moorhouse Coleman, Jr. He is the younger brother of actress Holliston Coleman, and lives with his family in the Los Angeles area.
Coleman began acting at the age of five in commercials, and has since appeared in several film and television productions. Coleman had brief appearances in a number of series such as "Medium" and "JAG", before moving into film roles. He appeared in the feature films "Must Love Dogs" and "Friends with Money", and also had a recurring role in the television series "Surface", before taking leading roles in the films "The Good Mother" and "Take". He played the title lead role in the film "Martian Child", his second role alongside John Cusack and is set to appear with his sister in "Proving Ground: From the Adventures of Captain Redlocks", in which he will play the younger brother of his real-life sister. They are both set to star together again in the science-fiction adventure film, "". He appeared in the 2010 film "The Last Song" as Jonah Miller, the younger brother of Miley Cyrus's character.

</doc>
<doc id="9806711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806711" title="Arthur Gore, 1st Earl of Arran">
Arthur Gore, 1st Earl of Arran

Arthur Gore, 1st Earl of Arran PC (Ire) (1703 – 17 April 1773), known as Sir Arthur Gore, 3rd Baronet from 1741 to 1757 and as Viscount Sudley from 1758 to 1762, was an Irish politician.
Arran was the son of Sir Arthur Gore, 2nd Baronet, and Elizabeth Annesley, and was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. In 1727 he was elected to the Irish House of Commons for Donegal Borough, a seat he held until 1758. He was also High Sheriff of Wexford in 1738 and was admitted to the Irish Privy Council in 1748. In 1758 he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Saunders, of Deeps in the County of Wexford, and Viscount Sudley, of Castle Gore in the County of Mayo. In 1762 he was further honoured when he was created Earl of Arran, of the Arran Islands in the County of Galway. This was the third occasion that the title Earl of Arran had been created in the Peerage of Ireland.
His sister Anne married John Browne, the 1st Earl of Altamont in December 1729. Lord Arran married Jane Saunders, daughter of Richard Saunders, in 1731. They had three sons and two daughters. He died in April 1773 and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son Arthur.

</doc>
<doc id="9806718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806718" title="Simpatico (D-A-D album)">
Simpatico (D-A-D album)

Simpatico is an album by Danish rock band D-A-D. The album was released on November 6, 1997, to mixed reviews.
Track listing.
To date the album has sold 118,000+ copies in Denmark.
External links.
This album on D-A-D's official homepage

</doc>
<doc id="9806719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806719" title="Shev Shema'tata">
Shev Shema'tata

Shev Shema'tata (שב שמעתתא), sometimes pronounced Shev Shmaytsa, is a work on Talmudic logic and methodology by R. Aryeh Leib HaCohen Heller. The name of the book is Aramaic, and means "seven passages". 
It consists of seven sections, each with approximately 25 chapters, which explains intricate halakhic topics including the validity of a single witness and the practical ramifications of a doubt. The reasoning process that Heller employs to analyse and resolve these very basic conflicts and contradictions in the Talmud is considered the basis for the analytical method used in modern times in Talmudic study. 
Although an early form of this work was initially presented by R. Heller when he was still a young man during his seven days of celebration after his wedding, it was actually one of his later publications and underwent significant editing by the author.
Contents.
Introduction.
R. Heller's introduction to this celebrated work explains his outlook on Judaism, and includes complex and profound biblical exegesis. His basic stance is a blend of Kabbalah and Italian Neoplatonism, somewhat similar to that found in Isaiah Horowitz's "Shene Luchot ha-Berit" and the works of Moshe Chaim Luzzatto. The starting point is a doctrine of the Fall, according to which the effect of Adam's sin was a confusion between soul and body, causing the soul to become dependent on the gratification of the body's desires. The correct relationship is one in which the body is simply an instrument for the soul, and the purpose of religious endeavour is to restore this position. Through analysis of a series of Biblical incidents, he illustrates his contention that there would be no value in an understanding and observance of Torah that was ready-made and which one had no choice but to follow. Rather, just as practical halachah is a code which one strives to follow using one's free will, so the intellectual content of Torah is presented in a cryptic and open-ended form the value of which depends on one's struggle to understand it. Talmudic analysis is accordingly the highest form of religious endeavour, and the purpose of the book is to furnish the tools for this activity.
The Shema'tata.
The overall subject of the book is the way in which Jewish law addresses doubts, either as to the facts or as to the applicable law. The Talmud provides a series of presumptions, in favour of strictness or leniency depending on the circumstances. One series of questions concern the way in which these presumptions interact. Another is the more fundamental question of how presumptions work. That is, does a presumption have the effect of assimilating the doubtful cases to the certain cases in all respects, or are doubtful cases a third category with its own special laws, alongside the certainly included and the certainly excluded?
Although each section focuses on a specific Halachic principle, invariably other principles are brought up and discussed. These principles involve focal points that have applications throughout the entire Rabbinical corpus. Heller's method is to test each principle against a variety of Talmudic passages. If the concept would cause a difficulty in the passage (e.g. the concept should apply and doesn't), Heller resolves the difficult by demonstrating that for whatever reason this passage doesn't fit underneath the rubric of that particular concept (see Casuistry). In this way the exact boundaries of each principle are clearly defined, thus clarifying the exact applications of each principle.
Section One.
The first section analyses whether the concept of "A doubt in a biblical issue is dealt with stringently" is actually a biblical concept itself or whether it is entirely of Rabbinic origin. This section continues into a discussion of the principles that, if there is a doubt concerning a case of spiritual impurity, if this occurred in the public domain we rule leniently and in the private domain stringently (Sotah 28b). Finally, the ruling that in a case of "Sefek Sefeika" - a case of doubt in which one side of the question is itself subject to doubt - we rule leniently is explained. The reason is that since most sides of this question lean to the lenient side, the principle of "Rov" - that we follow the majority - is called in and we rule leniently.
Section Two.
The second section analyses the presumption of "chazakah". Chazakah is the presumption that in case of doubt one may assume that the physical or legal status of the object (or person) in question remains constant. At this point the focus is on "Chezkat Ha'Guf" - that the physical status of the object remains unchanged - and "Chezkat Mammon" - that we assume that an object belongs to its current possessor unless otherwise proven. The relative strengths of these two "Chazakot" are compared and contrasted. Also the importance of the strength of each parties claim is analysed - in a case where one party is doubtful of his claim then a "chazakah" may not decide the case.
Section Three.
The third section builds on the previous section. The focal passage here is Niddah 2b - this discusses a case in which we were certain about the status of an object (in that passage a ritual bath) on day one and again on day seven but we are unsure about the time in between (days 2-6). The question is whether the certainty on day one is of primary importance in deciding the status of the next few days ("Chazakah D' Me'ikara") or the certainty of day seven is more important ("Chazaka D' Hashta"). Heller points out (based on various Talmudic passages) that if the object is likely to change (in his example a girl who is likely to mature) then the "Chazakah D'Hashta" takes precedence.
Section Four.
Section Four discusses the principle (Bava Batra 23b) that in case of a conflict between the principle that we follow the majority ("Rov") and the presumption that if an object is found near a certain place we can assume the object originated in that place ("Karov") the law of "Rov" has decisive power. It further discusses the power of "Rov" in regards to monetary cases and the power of "Rov" to take an object away from its present possessor.
Section Five.
Section Five involves a disagreement among the Rishonim. This refers to case wherein a person or object is under the influence of a specific type of spiritual impurity or halachic prohibition. The subject then becomes involved with something that leaves it under a doubt of a different type of prohibition or impurity and then becomes cleared of the original impurity. The question is whether the "Chazakah" of the first impurity holds good to decide his status in reference to the second impurity.
Section Six.
This section compares the power of a single witness (that is believed for prohibitions and to require an oath) and the power of "Chazakah". The status of two sets of witnesses contradicting each other is also discussed.
Section Seven.
Section Seven discusses the Halachic concept that an ordinarily unfit witness (e.g. a child) is believed if in the middle of an ordinary conversation he mentions something in passing. The belief of certain people who state that they recognize a specific object or person without mentioning specific identifying charasteristics is also elaborated.
Influence.
Rabbi Aryeh Leib HaCohen Heller's approach was influential in the nineteenth century Lithuanian school, and Shimon Shkop's work "Sha'are Yosher" is widely regarded as based on the earlier work.
Parallels in other religions.
Rabbi Aryeh Leib HaCohen Heller's analysis of doubts and presumptions bears a distinct resemblance to the analysis of probability in Shi'a Islamic law, as developed by Muhammad Baqir Behbahani and refined by Shaykh Murtada al-Ansari. In cases where the primary sources cannot yield an unequivocal principled answer, there are still presumptions, sufficient in ordinary life, for deciding on the better view. For example, where there is doubt whether a given situation (such as ritual purity) exists but it has certainly existed in the past, one can rely on a presumption that it is more likely to have continued the same than to have changed (cf. "chezkat haguf").
In Roman Catholic moral theology, a distinction is recognised between "direct principles" and "reflex principles". Reflex principles are presumptions to be applied in cases of doubt, such as the rule that where the moral right to something is unclear one favours the person in possession (cf. "chezkat mamon"). (See Catholic Probabilism.) Such principles are widely found in Western legal systems.
References.
Louis Jacobs, "Rabbi Aryeh Laib Heller's Theological Introduction to His "Shev Shema'tata"",
"Modern Judaism", Vol. 1, No. 2 (Sep., 1981), pp. 184–216

</doc>
<doc id="9806724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806724" title="Longlin Various Nationalities Autonomous County">
Longlin Various Nationalities Autonomous County

Longlin Various Nationalities Autonomous County (隆林各族自治县; pinyin: Lónglín Gèzú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county, under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Baise, in western Guangxi, China, near the border with Yunnan and Guizhou.
The county is inhabited by several ethnic minorities, including the Miao, Yi, Gelao, and Zhuang. Ethnic minorities account for a majority of the county's population. The county is considered an impoverished area; in 1993 the county-wide income was only 28.09 million yuan (US$3.6 million), with the net income for farmers on average being only 368 yuan (US$48) per person.The economy centers primarily on agricultural production, including tung oil.[http://www.gx.xinhuanet.com/bswz/longlin/gk.htm
Each year, at the beginning of the lunar new year, a festival in the village of De'e, featuring the music and dance of the various ethnic groups who live in the area, is held.[http://english.people.com.cn/english/200002/16/eng20000216W103.html]
Ethnic groups.
Ethnic groups of Longlin County are as follows, with the population statistics from 1995. Note that population statistics can differ according the source used.
Miao.
86,000 Miao reside in Longlin County, making up 24.5% of the total population. The Miao of Longlin County are found in the townships of De'e 德峨、Shechang 蛇场、Kechang 克长、Changfa 长发、Zhuchang 猪场、 and Changme 常么.
Miao groups include:
Yi.
3,400 Yi (autonym: "ŋo33 phu21") reside in Longlin County, mostly in De'e Township 德峨乡. In De'e Township 德峨乡, Yi are found in Agao 阿稿、Nadi 那地、Nongbao 弄保、Tangshi 塘石、and 10 other villages. Yi are also found scattered across various villages in the townships of Changfa 长发、Zhelang 者浪、Kechang 克长、Yancha 岩茶、and Zhuchang 猪场.
Gelao.
300 Hagei Gelao (also Pipao Gelao 披袍仡佬 or Shuiniu Gelao 水牛仡佬) and 500 Duoluo Gelao (also Daya Gelao 打牙仡佬 or Huangniu Gelao 黄牛仡佬) reside in Longlin County. The Gelao of Longlin County are found in Sanchong 三冲 and Moji 么基 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="9806730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806730" title="Chris Robertson (footballer, born 1986)">
Chris Robertson (footballer, born 1986)

Christopher "Chris" Robertson (born 11 October 1986) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a defender for League One side Port Vale.
He turned professional at Sheffield United in July 2005, but was released by the club after two brief loan spells at Leigh RMI and Chester City. He joined Torquay United in March 2007, and went on to spend five years with the club, helping them to win the 2009 Conference play-off final. He was sold to Preston North End for an undisclosed fee in January 2012, but left the club at the end of the 2012–13 season after losing his first team place. He signed with Port Vale in June 2013.
Playing career.
Sheffield United.
Robertson was born in Dundee, and joined Sheffield United as a trainee before he signed professional forms with the "Blades" in July 2005. Prior to this, manager Neil Warnock sent Robertson to join Leigh RMI of the Conference on loan in the 2003–04 season, and he went on to make 10 appearances for the "Leythers" under the management of Phil Starbuck.
Robertson joined League Two side Chester City on loan on 1 February 2006, making his league debut as a half-time substitute for Mark Roberts in a 5–0 defeat to Carlisle United at Brunton Park three days later. However Chester manager Keith Curle cancelled his loan spell after a week, along with the loan spells of Wayne Corden, Mark Roberts, and Evan Horwood.
Torquay United.
In March 2007, Robertson joined Torquay United on non-contract terms, rejoining manager Keith Curle who had signed him on loan while manager of Chester City. He scored on his "Gulls" debut, volleying in the third goal in a 3–0 win over Wycombe Wanderers at Plainmoor on 10 March. He made a further eight League Two appearances in the 2006–07 relegation season, and signed a full contract with Torquay in June 2007.
He played 28 games in the 2007–08 campaign, and was an unused substitute in the 2008 FA Trophy Final, as Torquay lost 1–0 to Ebbsfleet United at Wembley Stadium. He was transfer-listed by manager Paul Buckle in June 2008, but forced his way back into the first team after Torquay made a bad start to the 2008–09 season. He played 32 games despite missing a three-month period recovering from surgery after he ruptured the main supporting ligament in his ankle. After forming a solid partnership with Chris Todd at the heart of defence, Torquay were promoted back to the Football League after beating Cambridge United 2–0 in the Conference National play-off final at Wembley.
Robertson was linked to a move to Burton Albion in summer 2009, but instead signed a one-year contract after protracted negotiations. He played 50 matches in the 2009–10 season, and signed a two-year contract as United finished comfortably in mid-table. A club record run of ten clean sheets was ended after 998 minutes without a goal four matches into the 2010–11 season. United reached the play-off final, but lost 1–0 to Stevenage at Old Trafford.
An ever-present in the back four in the 2011–12 campaign by the January transfer window, Robertson began to attract the interest of other clubs as manager Martin Ling struggled to find the money to compete with other interested parties. At the time of his departure Torquay were aiming for automatic promotion after a lengthy series of victories. In his absence the club finished fifth, and lost to Cheltenham Town in the play-off semi-finals.
Preston North End.
In January 2012, Robertson signed a two-and-a-half-year deal with League One side Preston North End for an undisclosed transfer fee (later reported to be £60,000). He scored his first goal for the "Lambs" on 14 April against Huddersfield Town, and after the game was praised by manager Graham Westley for his application and character.
Due to the form of summer signings Paul Huntington and Shane Cansdell-Sherriff, Robertson had to wait until 14 October for his first league appearance of the 2012–13 season, when he put in a "terrific display" and again earned praise from Westley for his hard work and professionalism. He was limited to a total of 24 league starts over the course of the campaign, and decided to leave the club after failing to play at Deepdale under new boss Simon Grayson.
Port Vale.
He signed with newly promoted League One club Port Vale in June 2013. Upon securing him to a two-year contract, manager Micky Adams noted that Robertson had experience of League One football and had made a good impression on him during his time at Torquay. He opened the 2013–14 season in a centre-back partnership with Carl Dickinson. On 1 April he was sent off during a 2–1 win over Crawley Town after the referee mistakenly thought he had made a tackle from behind, when in fact the culprit was club captain Doug Loft. He ended the campaign with 44 appearances to his name, but said that he was not taking his future at the club for granted despite being one of only a few players contracted until 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="9806737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806737" title="Tova Traesnaes">
Tova Traesnaes

Tova Traesnaes Borgnine (born Tove Træsnæs, November 17, 1941) is a Norwegian-American businesswoman. She is the founder of Beauty By Tova cosmetics and widow of actor Ernest Borgnine.
Early life.
Traesnaes was born in Oslo, Norway. Her father was a graphic artist and her mother was a translator at the US Embassy. Following her parents' separation, she moved to the US in 1953 with her mother.
Career.
She studied acting in Manhattan, but she developed a fondness for applying makeup rather than wearing it. After marrying a New Jersey businessman, she opened her own makeup center. When the marriage failed, she moved to Las Vegas to be near her mother.
In Las Vegas, she learned of a cactus-based face cream made from a formula by a Mexican family and began selling it. Word was soon out that Hollywood stars were clamoring for the "facelift in a jar," and orders flooded in. In 1975, she traveled to Mexico and secured world distribution rights. Her husband and some friends worked day and night filling jars and shipping them.
Her cosmetics have been featured on QVC shopping network since 1990. According to QVC as of 2001, her perfumes had been featured on the network for over ten years with sales continuing to grow, making her "a steady presence at QVC and its biggest fragrance vendor".
Personal life.
She has apparently been married twice. The first marriage ended after four years by divorce. She has one son.
She married Hollywood actor Ernest Borgnine on February 24, 1973. She was his fifth wife. Their marriage lasted until his death at age 95 in 2012 from Renal failure.
She divides her time between Beverly Hills, California, and West Chester, Pennsylvania, home of QVC.
Awards.
Tova Borgnine was awarded the FiFi Award for the "Women's Fragrance Star of the Year (Non-Store Venues)" in 1998. On April 25, 2008, she was nominated for the 2008 FiFi awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9806738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806738" title="Neil Heaney">
Neil Heaney

Neil Heaney (born 3 November 1971 in Middlesbrough) is an English former footballer who played as a winger for a number of British clubs.
Career.
Heaney started out playing on his native Teesside before being signed by London club Arsenal on schoolboy forms in January 1987. He was part of the side that won the FA Youth Cup in 1987–88 and turned professional in 1989. After spells on loan at Hartlepool United and Cambridge United, he made his Arsenal début as a substitute against Sheffield United on 18 April 1992. A winger with considerable pace, he was on the fringes of the Arsenal first team over the next two seasons, before being suddenly sold by George Graham to Southampton for £300,000 in March 1994. He made nine senior appearances for Arsenal in total, failing to score.
He became Alan Ball's third signing for the Saints (just before the transfer deadline) and scored his first goal against Newcastle United on 22 March 1995. Saints had failed to win a game since before Christmas and had dropped into 20th place, just above the relegation zone. Heaney came on as a substitute with Saints 1–0 down, and with four minutes left he prodded home a loose ball after a save by Pavel Srníček from Gordon Watson's header. Watson and Neil Shipperley completed the scoring to see Saints run out unlikely 3–1 winners. Saints then managed to climb up the table to finish in 10th place. According to Holley & Chalk, Heaney ""had the ability and pace to turn matches, but could frustrate with a tendency to run up blind alleys"."
Heaney made 61 league appearances for Southampton in two and a half seasons (scoring five goals), before being sold for £500,000 to Frank Clark's Manchester City in November 1996. Heaney went on to start only sixteen matches during his two-and-a-half years with City, having a loan period at Charlton Athletic in 1997–98, being part of the side that won promotion to the Premier League, playing in their dramatic win over Sunderland in the play-off final, winning 7–6 on penalties after a 4–4 draw. He eventually left Maine Road in August 1999, dropping down a couple of divisions to join Darlington, before seeing out his career with spells at Dundee United (where he was described by chairman Jim McLean as a "bad" signing) and Plymouth Argyle. He retired in December 2002 due to injury.
After football.
After retiring, Heaney left football and became CEO of "Judicare", a full-service Spanish law firm and a UK legal-services company that recover monies invested into problematic property abroad, based partly on his own problems investing in Spanish property.

</doc>
<doc id="9806743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806743" title="France's Next Top Model">
France's Next Top Model

"France's Next Top Model" is a reality television programme based upon "America's Next Top Model".
The first cycle ended with Alizée Sorel as the winner of the competition, while the second cycle (which was held in 2007) saw victory for seventeen-year-old Karen Pillet from Maintenon, France.
The challenge.
The challenge usually focuses on an element important to modeling. A guest judge, who is unique to each episode, evaluates the contestants and decides the winner of the challenge, who receives a prize for her victory. The winner is then permitted to allow a certain number of other contestants to receive a similar, but lesser, reward, while the others are given nothing.
Judging and elimination.
Based upon the contestants' performance in the week's challenge, photoshoot, and general attitude, the judges deliberate and decide which girl must leave the competition. Once the judges have made their decision, the contestants are called back into the room. The host calls out the names of the contestants who performed well in the challenge and photoshoot, giving them a copy of their best photo from the shoot. The two contestants which are in last place, whose names have not been called, are said to be in the "bottom two". Both girls are given constructive criticism, and one is eliminated. The person who is eliminated does not receive a photo.

</doc>
<doc id="9806748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806748" title="Chita Republic">
Chita Republic

The Chita Republic () was a short-term workers and peasants' dictatory republic in Chita. Chita, a city in eastern Siberia, Russia and place of exile for early revolutionaries, was a center for worker unrest in the early years of the 20th century. During the Russian Revolution of 1905 armed revolutionaries under the leadership of the RSDRP headed by Viktor Kurnatovsky ("Виктор Константинович Курнатовский") took control over the city and declared the Chita Republic in December 1905.
The leaders of the republic tried to organize and establish administration in the city and its outskirts, and the new periodical "Zabaykalsky Rabochy" was issued in Chita on December 7, 1905, but the republic was fated to fail after the suppression of uprisings in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. Troops loyal to the regime, led by Paul von Rennenkampf and general Miller-Zakomelsky, were sent to suppress the rebellious territory; it was quickly subjugated and Chita was occupied by government troops on 22 January 1906.
The six leaders of the Chita Republic were shot on the slope of Titovsky sopka. In the memory of the leaders of the Chita Republic, several central streets of Chita were named after them (Babushskinskaya street, Kurnatovsky street, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="9806758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806758" title="Photographic Society of Japan awards">
Photographic Society of Japan awards

Since its inception, the Photographic Society of Japan has annually presented a large number of awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9806759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806759" title="James Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Derwentwater">
James Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Derwentwater

James Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Derwentwater (26 June 1689 – 24 February 1716) was an English Jacobite, executed for treason. His death is remembered in an English traditional ballad, "Lord Allenwater", collected by Ralph Vaughan Williams in 1904 from the singing of Emily Stears.
Life.
He was the son of Edward Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Derwentwater and Lady Mary Tudor, the natural daughter of Charles II by Moll Davis. He was brought up at the exile court of St Germain as a companion to the young prince, James Francis Edward Stuart (the 'Old Pretender' after his father James II died), and remained there at the wish of Queen Mary of Modena, until his father's death in 1705. He succeeded to the family titles and estates in Northumberland on the death of his father in 1705.
After that he travelled on the continent, sailed from Holland for London in November 1709, and then set out to visit his Cumberland estates for the first time early in 1710. He spent the next two years at Dilston Hall, Northumberland, the mansion built by his grandfather on the site of the ancestral home from 1521; the estates were sequestrated after the Civil War due to the recusancy of his grandfather the first Earl. He regained those and began the construction of a grand mansion to replace the old Hall, a task that was never completed.
He joined the conspiracy of 1715; he was suspected by the government, and on the eve of the insurrection the secretary of state, Stanhope, signed a warrant for his arrest. A messenger was sent to Durham to secure him, but Radclyffe went into hiding. He heard that Thomas Forster had raised the standard of the Pretender, and Radclyffe joined him at Greenrigg, on 6 October 1715, at the head of a company of gentlemen and armed servants from Dilston Hall. His following, at most 70, was under the immediate command of his brother, Charles Radclyffe. below. Their plan was to march through Lancashire to Staffordshire, where they looked for support, and the expedition was left mainly in the hands of Colonel Henry Oxburgh, who had served under the Duke of Marlborough in Flanders.
When the rebels occupied Preston, Derwentwater encouraged the men to throw up trenches. The Jacobite army was defeated at the Battle of Preston. Radclyffe acquiesced in Forster's decision to capitulate to the inferior force of General Wills. He was escorted with the other prisoners to London by General Henry Lumley, and lodged in the Devereux tower of the Tower of London, along with Earls Nithsdale and Carnwath, and Lords Widdrington, Kenmure, and Nairne. He was examined before the privy council on 10 January 1716, and impeached with the other lords on 19 January. Derwentwater pleaded guilty, urging in extenuation his inexperience, and his advice to those who were about him to throw themselves upon the royal clemency. He was attainted, and condemned to death.
Efforts were made to procure his pardon. Petitions were brought before both Houses of Parliament, and an address was carried from the upper house to the throne on 22 February, praying that his majesty George I of England would reprieve 'such of the condemned lords as might appear to him deserving of clemency.' Widdrington, Carnwath, and Nairn were reprieved. The countess, accompanied by her sister, their maternal aunt, the Duchess of Richmond, the Duchess of Cleveland, and other ladies, was introduced by the Duke of Richmond into the king's bedchamber, where the countess, in French, asked for his majesty's mercy. The king, however, prompted by Robert Walpole (who declared that he had been offered £60,000 to save Derwentwater, but that he was determined to make an example), was obdurate.
Derwentwater was beheaded on Tower Hill on 24 February 1716. On the scaffold he expressed regret at having pleaded guilty, and declared his devotion to his Roman Catholic religion and to James III. Lord Kenmure suffered at the same time. The Earl of Nithsdale escaped from the Tower the day before. Charles Radclyffe escaped to France but was captured in 1745 on his return to support the 1745 uprising and was executed in 1746. Nairne was still in the Tower of London in 1717, so was able to benefit from the Indemnity Act 1717 and was released.
On the day of his beheading the northern lights were said to be unusually brilliant, and have since been known as Lord Derwentwater's Lights.
Derwentwater was stripped of his honours and titles (but his successors continued to use the titles); and his estates were confiscated. In 1748 Dilston Hall and the rest of the Derwentwater estates were granted by Act of Parliament (Public Act 22 George II chapter 56) to the Royal Hospital, Greenwich.
Family.
He married Anna Maria Webb (d. 19 August 1723, Brussels) on 10 July 1712. She was eldest daughter of Sir John Webb, 3rd baronet, of Odstock, Wiltshire, by Barbara, daughter and coheiress of John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse.
Their only son John (1713–1731) succeeded.
They also had a daughter, Lady Mary Radclyffe (1714–31 January 1760), who married Robert James Petre, 8th Baron Petre.
Lady Derwentwater and her children fled to Brussels in 1721, and she died there of smallpox in 1723.
In literature.
He figures prominently in the historical novels "Dorothy Forster" by Walter Besant and "Devil Water" by Anya Seton.

</doc>
<doc id="9806763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806763" title="Wrybill">
Wrybill

The wrybill or ngutuparore (Māori) "Anarhynchus frontalis" is a species of plover endemic to New Zealand. It is unique in that it is the only species of bird in the world with a beak that is bent sideways (always to the right).
It lays its eggs among the rocks along rivers and distracts intruders by pretending to be in distress and moving away from its "nest".
Description.
The wrybill is a small, plump plover, measuring in length and weighing between . The plumage is slightly sexually dimorphic. The male has a white forehead and pale grey crown, nape, back, wings and tail and a white throat, breast, belly and rump, with a thin black band across the breast. This band is thinner in the female, and much less distinct in both sexes in the non-breeding season. The other difference between the sexes is a small black bar between the white forehead and the grey crown, which is present in the males but not the females. As with the breast band it is reduced in the non-breeding season. The most distinctive feature of the bird is the long black bill, which is always curved to the right. The wrybill is the only species of bird with an asymmetrically turned bill.
Distribution, habitat and movements.
The wrybill is endemic to New Zealand. It breeds on large braided rivers in central South Island, preferring large dynamic rivers that will not become overgrown with weeds. It used to occur more frequently on smaller rivers, but has undergone a range contraction, and now only occupies around 60% of its estimated original range.
After breeding, around late December till early February, they leave the breeding sites and migrate to shallow estuaries and sheltered coastal areas in North Island.

</doc>
<doc id="9806765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806765" title="Spring creek">
Spring creek

A spring creek is a type of free flowing river whose name derives from its origin: an underground spring or set of springs which produces sufficient water to consistently feed a unique river. The water flowing in a spring creek may be additionally be fed by snow pack or rain run-off, as in most traditional free-flowing rivers, but often the entire water source for a spring creek is an aquifer or other underground water source. For this reason, spring creeks are often filled with very pure, clean water and also demonstrate water flows that are smooth, consistent, and unwavering throughout the seasons of the year - unlike rivers filled with run-off or spring and summer melt-off from snow pack, whose water flows, water clarity, and water conditions often vary highly over the course of the year. In addition, water temperatures in spring creeks tend to vary less throughout the seasons of the year than traditional creeks and rivers because they are fed by underground water sources. Because of the depths of these water sources, spring creeks often emerge from their source or headwaters very cold and stay that way over the length of their runs. In addition, due to the consistent water flows and the fact that spring creek water is "pushed" by the force of pressure from the source rather than "pulled" by the force of gravity downhill, spring creeks can flow through very flat sections of land with minimal depths over grades that might not sustain run-off creeks and rivers. In these low-grade or flat sections of spring creeks, water flows can appear almost laminar with the surface of the creek appearing to be nearly flat and without the prominent riffles and surface disturbances caused by more rough or uneven surface bottoms found below free-stone run-off creeks and rivers surfaces.
Due to the characteristics described above, spring creeks are often well known in the context of trout and other freshwater fly fishing as excellent riparian habitats. Trout, particularly sport fish such as brown trout and rainbow trout, often thrive and grow rapidly in spring creeks due not only to the consistent water flows and low temperatures, but also due to the advantageous insect environments they foster. Insects such as mayflies (baetis and callibaetis, among others) and caddis flies find spring creek habitats very appealing and often live, mate, and hatch on these waterways in great numbers throughout the year. Because these insects in pupal and winged form represent the principal diet of freshwater trout, the fish living in spring creeks often have ample food supply throughout the year. This element of spring creek habitats, combined with the advantageous water conditions, can create the ideal conditions for large, healthy, hefty local populations of the kind of trout that fly fisherman pursue.
Some examples of spring creeks famous for their fly fishing conditions are the Henrys Fork, in southeastern Idaho, the Silver Creek, in central southern Idaho, and the Metolius River, in central Oregon. In this context, fly fisherman often refer to creeks and rivers as "like a spring creek" if the water flows and habitat display the characteristics described above.

</doc>
<doc id="9806771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806771" title="Sakae Ōba">
Sakae Ōba

Early life.
Sakae Ōba was born on 21 March 1914 in the town of Gamagori, Aichi prefecture. He was the first son of Isuke Ōba, a farmer. In March 1933, Ōba graduated from the Aichi Prefecture Teacher Training School of Practical Education () and the following month he accepted a faculty position at a public school in the area. While working as a teacher, he married Mineko Hirano (1912–1992), also of Gamagori.
Military career.
In 1934, Ōba joined the 18th Infantry Regiment of the Imperial Japanese Army, based in the nearby city of Toyohashi. He was designated a Ground Officer Candidate, First Class, received specialized training, and was sent to Manchukuo, where the bulk of the 18th Regiment was already stationed on occupation duty. In 1936, the regiment returned to its home garrison in Toyohashi, and Ōba was briefly reunited with his wife.
In July 1937, the Second Sino-Japanese War erupted, and the 18th Infantry was mobilized. In August, Ōba and his regiment were deployed to China where they joined the amphibious invasion of Shanghai. By December of that year, Ōba had been promoted to Second Lieutenant. In 1939, he was promoted to First Lieutenant, and in November 1941 he was given command of an infantry company. In March 1943 he was promoted to captain.
Saipan.
Early in 1944, the 18th Regiment was pulled out of Manchuria and re-deployed to the Pacific Theatre. Captain Ōba was placed in charge of the regiment's company of combat medics. At about 3:00pm, 29 February, the transport ship carrying the regiment, the "Sakito-maru", was struck by a torpedo fired by the American submarine USS "Trout", near the island of Saipan. The ship sank, taking with it over half the regiment. Escort vessels moved in quickly and rescued about 1,800 survivors and delivered them to Saipan. After hasty reorganization, most of the regiment was successfully transported to Guam. Almost 600 troops, including Captain Ōba, had to be left behind on Saipan. Ōba was assigned to organize a 225-man medical company composed of tankers, engineers, and medics that survived the "Sakito-maru" disaster. They obtained what few medical supplies were available and by mid-May had set up a medical aid station.
On the morning of 15 June 1944, United States Marines landed on the beaches for the Battle of Saipan. Despite a fierce defense, the Japanese were gradually pushed back with heavy losses. The Japanese commander used Mount Tapochau at the center of the island as headquarters and organized defensive lines around the mountain. With no re-supply or relief available, the situation became untenable for the defenders, and a final attack was ordered. On 7 July, Captain Ōba and his men participated in the largest banzai charge of the war in the Pacific. After 15 hours of intense and unrelenting hand to hand combat, almost 4,300 Japanese soldiers were dead. Allied forces declared the island secured on 9 July 1944. By 30 September 1944, the Japanese Army made an official presumption of death for all personnel of unknown status and they were declared killed in action. That included Captain Ōba, and he was awarded a "posthumous" promotion to Major.
In reality, Captain Ōba survived the battle and took command of 46 other soldiers. Ōba then led over 200 Japanese civilians deeper into the jungles to evade capture. He and his men organized the civilians and placed them in mountain caves and hidden jungle villages. When the soldiers were not assisting the civilians with survival tasks, Captain Ōba and his men continued their battle against the garrison of U.S. Marines. Ōba used Mount Tapochau as their primary base; at , the peak offered an unobstructed 360-degree view of the island. From their base camp on the western slope of the mountain, Ōba and his men occasionally conducted guerrilla-style raids on American positions. Due to the speed and stealth of these operations, and the frustrated attempts to find him, the Marines on Saipan eventually referred to Ōba as "The Fox".
In September 1944, the Marines began conducting patrols in the island's interior, searching for survivors who were raiding their camp for supplies. These patrols sometimes encountered Japanese soldiers or civilians, and when they were captured, they were interrogated and sent to an appropriate prison camp. It was during these interrogations that the Marines learned of Ōba's name. At the peak of the hunt for Ōba, the Marine commander devised a plan in which his men would line up across the width of the island, about two meters separating one Marine from the next, and they were to march from the south end of the island to the north. The commander felt that Ōba and his men would have to fight, surrender, or would be driven north and eventually captured. Due to this dragnet, the elderly and infirm civilians volunteered to surrender. Although some of the soldiers wanted to fight, Captain Ōba asserted that their primary concerns were to protect the civilians and to stay alive to continue the war. As the line of Marines approached the area, most of the remaining soldiers and civilians climbed up to a concealed mountain clearing, while others stood on narrow ledges and clung to the side of the mountain. They maintained their precarious positions for most of the day, as the Marines crossed through the area, ransacking huts and gardens when they found them. In some places, the Japanese on the ledges were less than above the heads of the Marines. The Marines' search proved futile, and eventually led to the chagrined commander's reassignment.
Captain Ōba and his men held out on the island for 512 days, or about 16 months. On 27 November 1945, former Major General Umahachi Amō, commander of the 9th Independent Mixed Brigade during the Battle of Saipan, was able to draw out some of the Japanese in hiding by singing the anthem of the Japanese infantry branch. Amō was then able to present documents from the defunct Imperial General Headquarters to Captain Ōba ordering him and his men to surrender themselves to the Americans. On 1 December 1945, three months after the official surrender of Japan, the Japanese soldiers gathered once more on Mt. Tapochau and sang a song of departure to the spirits of the war dead. Ōba then led his people out of the jungle and they presented themselves to the Marines of the 18th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Company. With great formality and commensurate dignity, Captain Ōba surrendered his sword to Lieutenant Colonel Howard G. Kurgis, and his men surrendered their arms and colors. They were the last organized resistance of Japanese forces on Saipan.
Post-war.
After the Japanese government confirmed that Ōba was alive on Saipan, his "posthumous" promotion was rescinded. Following his release from Allied custody, he was repatriated. Once back in Japan, Ōba was reunited with his wife and met his son for the first time; the child was born in 1937, just after his father had left for China. Ōba was hired by the Maruei Department Store Company in 1952 where he was employed as a representative and spokesman for the board of directors until 1992. From 1967 until 1979, Ōba served on the city council in the town of Gamagori, in Aichi Prefecture.
Don Jones, a former U.S. Marine stationed on Saipan and once part of a group ambushed by Ōba's men, was intrigued by the story of the Japanese holdouts and sought out Ōba after the war. With Ōba's cooperation, Jones wrote a book about his experiences on Saipan (detailed below). Jones became a lifelong friend of the Ōba family, and went so far as to locate the retired LTC Kurgis, to whom Ōba surrendered in 1945, and asked if he could return the sword that Ōba had handed over when he surrendered. Kurgis agreed, and Jones took the sword to Japan where he presented it to his grateful friend. The heirloom sword remains in the possession of the Ōba family.
Ōba Sakae died on 8 June 1992, at the age of 78. His remains were interred in the Ōba family grave at Kou'un Temple in Gamagori.
Literature and film.
The result of the collaborative effort between Ōba and Don Jones was a novelized account that was first translated into Japanese and published in 1982. It became a popular success, and the English version was published in 1986 under the title "Oba, The Last Samurai: Saipan 1944–1945".
In May 2010, Sakae Ōba's second son, Hisamitsu, discovered more than 1,200 pages of letters and postcards written between his parents Sakae and Mineko, most dated between 1937 and 1941, though some are dated as late as 1944. Hisamitsu showed the letters to his cousin, Keiichiro Hirano, a novelist and the 1998 recipient of the prestigious Akutagawa Prize. Hirano was deeply moved by what he read in the wartime correspondence, and helped find a local publisher. They offered the task of publication to Mari Mizutani, of Toyohashi, who has stated that she believes the letters are especially significant for their detailed descriptions of daily life during the war; while both husband and wife wrote of their deep affection for each other, both also wrote about innumerable daily activities, Mineko in Gamagori and Ōba in China or on occupation duty in Manchuria, prior to being shipped to the Pacific. The letters were reviewed by a panel of local volunteers, most of whom had a professional background in literature, publication, history, or were somehow tied to local affairs. A selection of the letters has been compiled and was published in January 2011 under the title "Senka no rabu retah", or "Love Letters from the Fires of War".
On 11 February 2011, the film was released in theaters, portraying the struggles of Ōba and his group on Saipan, as well as the Marines' relentless manhunt. It was produced by Toho Pictures, under the direction of Hideyuki Hirayama; involved production units from Japan, the United States, and Thailand; and stars Yutaka Takenouchi as Cpt. Sakae Ōba. In preparation for the role, Takenouchi met with Hisamitsu Ōba and the two of them paid their respects at the grave of Sakae Ōba. The movie received favorable reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="9806780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806780" title="Pass Christian School District">
Pass Christian School District

The Pass Christian School District is a public school district based in Pass Christian, Mississippi (USA).
Impact of Hurricane Katrina.
The August 29, 2005 landfall of Hurricane Katrina a few miles west of Pass Christian severely impacted the district. Pass Christian Middle School was completely destroyed. Pass Christian Elementary School flooded and grew mold over a few months and was not salvageable. The high school and administration building were severely damaged, and Delisle Elementary School, inland, was lightly damaged. On October 17, 2005, the schools reopened, with approximately 2/3s of the students, in temporary trailers at the Delisle site. The high school was reopened a little less than a year later in October of the 2006–2007 school year.
Demographics.
2006–07 school year.
There were a total of 1,489 students enrolled in the Pass Christian School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 51% female and 49% male. The racial makeup of the district was 29.75% African American, 64.47% White, 1.81% Hispanic, 3.83% Asian, and 0.13% Native American. 59.1% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
