<doc id="9689835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689835" title="Thirteen-lined ground squirrel">
Thirteen-lined ground squirrel

The thirteen-lined ground squirrel ("Ictidomys tridecemlineatus"), also known as the striped gopher, leopard ground squirrel, squinney, and as the leopard-spermophile in Audubon’s day, is a ground squirrel. It is widely distributed over grasslands and prairies of North America.
Description.
It is brownish, with 13 alternating brown and whitish longitudinal lines (sometimes partially broken into spots) on its back and sides, creating rows of whitish spots within dark lines.
Taxonomy.
This species has usually been placed in the genus "Spermophilus" with about 40 other species. As this large genus is paraphyletic to prairie dogs, marmots, and antelope squirrels, Kristofer Helgen and colleagues have split it into eight genera, placing the thirteen-lined ground squirrel in "Ictidomys" with three other species.
Behavior.
The thirteen-lined ground squirrel is strictly diurnal and is especially active on warm days. A solitary or only somewhat colonial hibernator, it often occurs in aggregations in suitable habitats.
In late summer, it puts on a heavy layer of fat and stores some food in its burrow. It enters its nest in October (some adults retire much earlier), rolls into a stiff ball, and decreases its respiration from between 100 and 200 breaths per minute to one breath about every five minutes. It emerges in March or early April.
The burrow may be long, with several side passages. Most of the burrow is within one to two feet (about half a meter) of the surface, with only the hibernation nest in a special deeper section. Shorter burrows are dug as hiding places. This ground squirrel's home range is two to three acres (0.8 to 1.2 ha).
Its primary diet includes grass and weed seeds, caterpillars, grasshoppers, and crickets, but it may also eat mice and shrews; it will viciously attack and consume cicadas if able to catch them. This squirrel sometimes damages gardens by digging burrows and eating vegetables, but also devours weed seeds and harmful insects.
It is well known for standing upright to survey its domain, diving down into its burrow when it senses danger, then sometimes poking out its nose and giving a bird-like trill. It has a maximum running speed of and reverses direction if chased.
Trivia.
The thirteen-lined ground squirrel is the namesake, Goldy Gopher of the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers teams, and responsible for Minnesota's nickname as the Gopher State.

</doc>
<doc id="9689840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689840" title="Old Economy Village">
Old Economy Village

Old Economy Village is a historic settlement in Ambridge, Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, it lies on the banks of the Ohio River and is surrounded by downtown Ambridge. The Village is the last of three settlements established by the Harmony Society in the United States (another in Pennsylvania and one in Indiana). Established in 1824, it was designated a National Historic Landmark District in 1966 under the name of "Old Economy."
Harmony Society.
The Harmony Society was a Christian theosophy and pietist society founded in Iptingen, Germany, in 1785. Due to religious persecution by the Lutheran Church and the government in Württemberg, the Harmony Society moved to the United States in 1803–1804, initially purchasing 3,000 acres (12 km²) of land in Butler County, Pennsylvania. On February 15, 1805, they, together with about 400 followers, formally organized the Harmony Society, placing all their goods in common.
The Society was founded and led by Johann Georg Rapp (1757–1847) and his adopted son, Frederick (Reichert) Rapp (1775–1834), and lasted for 100 years – roughly from 1805 until 1905. Members of the society were sometimes called Harmonists, Harmonites, or Rappites. The Harmony Society is best known for its worldly successes, eventually building three successive communities, first at Harmony, Pennsylvania (1804–1814), then New Harmony, Indiana (1814–1824), finally settling in Economy (now Ambridge, Pennsylvania). 
Old Economy Village, Pennsylvania.
The Harmonites named their last town Economy, after the spiritual notion of the Divine Economy. Here under the business acumen and efficient management of Frederick Rapp, they enjoyed such prosperity that by 1829 they dominated the trade and the markets of Pittsburgh and down the Ohio River. They were accused of being a monopoly, New International Encyclopedia and it was advocated that the society be dissolved by the State. At this time the community was not neglectful of matters pertaining to art and culture. Frederick Rapp purchased and installed a museum, containing fine paintings and many curios and antiquities; they had a deer park, a floral park, and a maze, or labyrinth; they also had a good orchestra, were fond of music, and gave much attention to its cultivation.
In 1832, the society suffered a serious division. Of 750 members, 250 became alienated through the influence of Bernhard Müller (self-styled Count de Leon), who, with 40 followers (also at variance with the authorities in the old country), had come to Economy to affiliate with the society. Rapp and Leon could not agree; a separation and apportionment of the property were therefore agreed upon. This secession of one-third of the society, consisting mostly of the flower of young manhood and young womanhood who did not want to maintain the custom of celibacy, broke Frederick's heart. He died within two years. It resulted in a considerable fracturing of the community. Nevertheless, the society remained prosperous in business investments for many more years to come. After Frederick Rapp's death, in 1834, the business management passed successively into the hands of George Rapp, who died in 1847; R. L, Baker and Jacob Henrici, 1847–69; J. Henrici and Jonathan Lenz, 1869–92; J. S. Duss, 1892–1903; Susie C. Duss, 1903-06. 
The settlements were economically successful, producing many goods in a clothing factory, a sawmill, a tannery, and from their vineyards and distillery. They also produced high quality silk for garments. The Harmonites were industrious and utilized the latest technologies of the day in their factories. In Economy, the group aided the construction of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad, established the Economy Savings Institution and the Economy Brick Works, and operated the Economy Oil Company, Economy Planing Mill, Economy Lumber Company, and eventually donated some land in Beaver Falls for the construction of Geneva College. The society exerted a major influence on the economic development of Western Pennsylvania. But since the group chose to adopt celibacy and the people in the group kept getting older, more work gradually had to be hired out. 
The high-water mark of the society's prosperity was at the close of the administration of R. L. Baker in 1868; its wealth at that time being probably $2,000,000. By 1890, however, it was hopelessly in debt, on the verge of bankruptcy, with a depleted membership of aged people. The society was overwhelmed with litigation on the part of would-be heirs. J. S. Duss won the lawsuits and paid the society's indebtedness. The great strain which he had undergone undermining his health, he was forced to resign his trusteeship in 1903. There being but few members left, the remaining land and assets were sold under the leadership of Duss's wife, and the society was formally dissolved in 1906.
In 1916, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania acquired 6 acres (0.024 km²) and 17 buildings of Old Economy, which became the present-day historic site. Other parts of the society's land were acquired by the American Bridge Company to expand the borough of Ambridge. Today, much of Ambridge outside of Old Economy Village is a historic district (the Economy Historic District) listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
George Rapp.
Johann Georg Rapp (November 1, 1757 – August 7, 1847) was the founder of the religious sect called Harmonists, Harmonites, Rappites, or the Harmony Society.
Born in Iptingen, Duchy of Württemberg, Germany, Rapp became inspired by the philosophies of Jakob Böhme, Philipp Jakob Spener, and Emanuel Swedenborg, among others. In the 1780s, George Rapp began preaching and soon started to gather a group of his own followers. His group officially split with the Lutheran Church in 1785 and was promptly banned from meeting. The persecution that Rapp and his followers experienced caused them to leave Germany and come to the United States in 1803. Rapp was a Pietist, and a number of his beliefs were shared by the Anabaptists, as well as groups such as the Shakers. Rapp's religious beliefs and philosophy were the cement that held his community together both in Germany and in America – a Christian community and commune, which in America organized as the Harmony Society. The Harmony Society built three American towns, became rich, famous, and survived for 100 years – roughly from 1805 until 1905. By 1798, Rapp and his group of followers had already begun to distance themselves from mainstream society. In the Lomersheimer Declaration, written in 1798, Rapp's followers refused to serve in the military or attend Lutheran schools. In 1803, when the government began to persecute Rapp's followers, he decided to move the entire group to the United States. The initial move scattered the followers and reduced Rapp's original group of 12,000 to many fewer persons. In 1804, Rapp was able to secure a large tract of land in Pennsylvania and started his first commune. This first commune, 'Harmonie', (Harmony), Butler County, Pennsylvania, soon grew to a population of about 800, and was highly profitable. At Harmony, the Harmony Society was created and its members contracted to hold all property in common, to submit to spiritual and material leadership by Rapp and associates, and adopted the celibate lifestyle. In 1814, the first town was sold to Mennonites for 10 times the amount originally paid for the land, and the entire commune moved out west to Indiana where their new town was also known as Harmony. Ten years after the move to Indiana the commune moved again, this time it returned to Pennsylvania and named their town 'Ökonomie', Economy. The Indiana settlement was sold to Robert Owen, at which point it was renamed New Harmony, Indiana. George Rapp lived out his remaining days in the town of Economy, Pennsylvania, until August 7, 1847, when he died at the age of 89. The commune ultimately failed because the policy of celibacy prevented new members from within, and the majority of the outside world had no desire to give up so much to live in a commune. The society was formally dissolved in 1906. Today, many of their remaining buildings are preserved and open to visitors. The entire village was designated as a National Historic Landmark District in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="9689844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689844" title="Gheorghe Pănculescu">
Gheorghe Pănculescu

Gheorghe C. Pănculescu (March 26, 1903 – January 7, 2007) was the last Romanian World War I veteran and one of the last World War I veterans in the world. Pănculescu was born in Warsaw, then part of the Russian Empire. In 1918 at the age of 15, he enlisted underage into the Romanian Army, and served in World War I, though he did not see any action. Pănculescu stayed in the army after the war, and by World War II he had reached the rank of General. He died on 7 January 2007 at the age of 103.
See also.
List of veterans of World War I who died in 2007List of last surviving World War I veterans by country

</doc>
<doc id="9689850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689850" title="Mōri Takamoto">
Mōri Takamoto

Life.
Born in Tajihi, Aki province, Takamoto was sent at the age of 14 to Suo province as a hostage of Ōuchi Yoshitaka. This was done to ensure his father's loyalties to Ōuchi. He was allowed to return home in 1540, three years later, to the Mōri castle of Yoshida Kōriyama.
In 1555, Sue Harukata, one of Ōuchi's vassals, staged a coup and forced Ōuchi Yoshitaka to commit suicide. He was then attacked by Mōri Takamoto and his father, and was defeated in the battle of Miyajima. The Mōri, defeating the Sue/Ōuchi forces, thus rose to power in the Chūgoku region (the western area of Honshū), and would remain a powerful and influential faction for much of the rest of the 16th century. Upon his father's retirement two years later, Takamoto inherited formal leadership of the family, but his father Motonari continued to wield actual control over the clan's affairs.
When Ōuchi Yoshinaga died that same year (1557), the Mōri saw an opportunity to seize the Ōuchi clan lands; they had to consider, however, the Ōtomo clan to the west and the Amago clan to the north who entertained similar ideas. Takamoto gained a considerable boost to his power, however, in 1560-1563, when he was appointed by Shogun Ashikaga Yoshiteru as Governor ("shugo") of Aki, Nagato, Suo and Bitchū provinces. Amago Haruhisa died suddenly in 1560, and Ōtomo Sōrin began to devote significant resources to attacking the Amago territory.
At the advice or orders of his father, Takamoto seized the opportunity to attack the Ōuchi territory. He was leading the Mōri armies through Bingo province when, on the 18th day of the 9th month of 1563, he suddenly died of poisoned food at the age of 41. Historians have since identified Wachi Saneharu, a local Bingo samurai, of committing the deed.
Mōri Motonari accused a number of samurai of conspiring in the assassination, and forced them to commit "seppuku". Takamoto's son Mōri Terumoto was selected as his heir, but Motonari continued to wield the true power.

</doc>
<doc id="9689855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689855" title="Arrondissement of Diksmuide">
Arrondissement of Diksmuide

The Arrondissement of Diksmuide (; ) is one of the eight administrative arrondissements in the Province of West Flanders, Belgium. It is one of the two arrondissements that form the Judicial Arrondissement of Veurne.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Diksmuide consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9689861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689861" title="Cambrian Pottery">
Cambrian Pottery

The Cambrian Pottery was founded in 1764 by William Coles in Swansea, Glamorganshire, Wales. In 1790, John Coles, son of the founder, went into partnership with George Haynes, who introduced new business strategies based on the ideas of Josiah Wedgwood. Lewis Weston Dillwyn became a partner in 1802 and sole owner when George Haynes left the pottery in 1810.
In 1811 Dillwyn took T.& J. Bevington into partnership, the company becoming known as Dillwyn & Co. Between 1814 and 1817, Dillwyn produced the renowned Swansea china or Swansea porcelain. Lewis Llewelyn Dillwyn (Lewis Weston Dillwyn's son) ran the pottery from 1836. He bought out the neighbouring Glamorgan Pottery in 1838. Many of the redundant staff went on to help found the South Wales Pottery at Llanelli, the competition from which, played a part in the ultimate demise of the Cambrian Pottery in 1870. 
Through its history, the Cambrian employed some notable artists, such as Thomas Baxter, Thomas Pardoe, William Pollard, Thomas Rothwell (1740-1807) and William Weston Young. The pottery closed in 1870, when the site was sold to Cory, Yeo & Co.

</doc>
<doc id="9689869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689869" title="Adam Falckenhagen">
Adam Falckenhagen

Adam Falckenhagen (26 April 1697 – 6 October 1754) was a German lutenist and composer of the Baroque period.
He was born in Groß-Dölzig, near Leipzig in Saxony, but spent the later part of his life in Bayreuth. He wrote tuneful music which is still played today on lute and guitar. Much of this music survives in the Bavarian State Library, Munich.
He received his first musical instruction in the village of Knauthain, the native home of Johann Christian Weyrauch. Weyrauch was a pupil of Johann Sebastian Bach and transcriber of works by Bach for the lute. In 1713 Falckenhagen is mentioned as "gifted in literature and music," and in 1715 as "Musician and footman of the young Lord of Dieskau." The Dieskaus were a family for whom J.S. Bach later wrote the "Bauernkantate" in Merseburg. Falckenhagen stayed in Merseburg with the Dieskaus from about 1715, until in 1719 he succeeded Johann Graf in the position of Saxe Court lutenist. Falckenhagen attended Leipzig University from 1719 to 1720. It has been suggested that Falckenhagen also studied with Johann Jakob Graf, a pupil of Sylvius Leopold Weiss (1686-1750), and later with Weiss himself.
Like many of his contemporaries, Falckenhagen travelled from court to court most of his life (Weissenfels, 1720-1727; Jena and Weimar (1729-1732)), eventually settling in Bayreuth, where he won the favour of Wilhelmine of Prussia, Margravine of Bayreuth, in 1734. Wilhelmine was a lutenist and sister of Frederick the Great; she invited him to be the court lutenist at Bayreuth. Falckenhagen held this position until his death in 1754.
Falckenhagen's music is representative of the final flowering of 18th-century lute music in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9689892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689892" title="Roger Staffelbach">
Roger Staffelbach

Roger Staffelbach was born on February 19, 1972 in Sursee, Switzerland. At the age of 7 he started learning to play the trumpet, which he continued until he was 14. Having been a fan of rock from an early age, he then turned to guitar after hearing Yngwie Malmsteen's "Trilogy". A year later, he started playing in bands.
In 1990, Staffelbach studied and took lessons at the Jazz School in Lucerne. It was here that he met Vitalij Kuprij, while Vitalij was playing piano in a bar in Staffelbach's hometown. 3 days later, Artension was formed, though under their former name, "Atlantis Rising". They played several gigs in Switzerland, and recorded two demos in 1993 and 1994. Staffelbach furthermore attended the G.I.T. in California in 94/95, studying with greats like T.J. Helmerich and Tom Kolb. It was there that he met Mike Varney of Shrapnel Records, who showed interest in the band after hearing their demo.
Staffelbach has remained with Artension from the beginning, playing on all their records. Apart from Artension, Roger is taking part in several studio projects in the Swiss area.

</doc>
<doc id="9689895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689895" title="AN/SPG-59">
AN/SPG-59

The AN/SPG-59 was an advanced phased array radar developed by the U.S. Navy starting in 1958. It was intended to offer search, track and guidance from a single radar system and antenna. Paired with the new Typhon missile, the system was to provide wide-area air defense out to about from suitable anti-aircraft cruisers. Both the radar and missile proved to be well beyond the state of the art of the era, and the project was eventually canceled in December 1963.
The Typhon Combat System.
The Typhon/SPG-59 started as a response to the introduction of sea-skimming anti-ship missiles into service with Soviet Naval Aviation groups. First-generation missile systems like Talos and Terrier used a combination of beam riding and semi-active radar homing (SARH) that required a special targeting radar to illuminate the target through the entire interception. Typical installations included either two or four such illumination radars, which limited the number of simultaneous interceptions. Facing volleys of missiles such systems could easily be overwhelmed. Adding additional radars was possible, but difficult to arrange as the radars were fairly large and required a clear view of the sky, limiting the number of suitable locations. This led to a "specification convergence"; since there could only be a small number of radars, the missile receivers were built to tune in only a small number of potential "channels". That meant that increasing the number of radars would also require the missiles to be updated as well.
System Characteristics.
The AN/SPG-59 avoided this problem by acting as both the search and illumination radar. This reduced the problem of siting, as there needed to be only one radar on the ship, albeit a very large one. The Typhon missiles also helped solve this problem, switching from semi-active radar homing, and beam riding to tracking by a track-via-missile system. In this system the receiver on the missile is a wide-band receiver, and forwards its received signals back to the ship. The ship's on-board computers then calculate the interception course and forward it back to the missile from an omni-directional antenna. This is similar to the older command guidance system, but avoids the inaccuracies of that system by locating the receiver on the missile, which is closer to the target and therefore sees a stronger signal. Although this system required the missiles to be able to tune in a number of command radio channels, these are generally much simpler and smaller than radar receivers, allowing a much larger number of channels to be supported.
Development Problems.
Development of the radar suffered from multiple problems from its start. The phased array radar required a very large number of individual broadcaster elements which proved to be unreliable and very expensive. Additionally, the power requirements of the system were so huge that only nuclear-powered ships could provide the necessary power to operate the system. Although such ships were then under construction, they were politically controversial. The radar was canceled in December 1963, because of mounting technical problems and being considerably over budget.
Typhon Test Vessel.
In November 1962 was towed to Baltimore, Maryland for installation of the Typhon Weapon Control System, including the AN/SPG-59. The conversion was completed early in 1964, and "Norton Sound" was recommissioned 20 June 1964 to continue tasks in weapons research. Baltimore was designated homeport for Norton Sound, and for several months she operated in Chesapeake Bay, evaluating the Typhon System. Assigned to Port Hueneme, California in July 1965, she arrived there the last day of that month. During a three month stay at Long Beach Naval Shipyard commencing 15 July 1966, all Typhon equipment was removed following discontinuance of the system.

</doc>
<doc id="9689902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689902" title="Captain Nemo (disambiguation)">
Captain Nemo (disambiguation)

Captain Nemo is a fictional character in two novels by Jules Verne.
Captain Nemo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689925" title="Time To Make Love">
Time To Make Love

Time To Make Love was R&B singer T-Pain's first song which features a rapper named Sarge on the second verse. It was the start of T-Pain's solo singing career. It was released in his mixtape and didn't make it to the official track list of T-Pain's debut album Rappa Ternt Sanga. T-Pain stated it was his first song to be played on the radio as a solo artist, yet was asleep & wasn't able to enjoy that mini moment of success.

</doc>
<doc id="9689931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689931" title="Evan Mather">
Evan Mather

Evan Mather is an American filmmaker, known for his short films spanning multiple genres including animation, comedy, documentary, mockumentary, music video, and film title design. "Sight & Sound" referring to his work in this genre of web film said that: 
The most successful web-stream films, of course, are made with the format in mind. American film-maker Evan Mather's work, such as Icarus of Pittsburgh (2002), is a good example: densely packed with visual and aural information, his films seem made to be watched intently, in isolation and cocooned by headphones.
In 1995 he started the online video site "Hand Crafted Films" as a forum to experiment with the self distribution of short films via the Internet. He is best known for his short films starring Star Wars action figures (1997-1999). These include "Quentin Tarantino's Star Wars", "Godzilla Versus Disco Lando", "Kung Fu Kenobi's Big Adventure", and "Les Pantless Menace". For musician Aimee Mann he has completed two animated music videos: "Red Vines" (2001) and "Pavlov's Bell" (2003). His 2002 short film "Icarus of Pittsburgh" about a dedicated Pittsburgh Steelers fan played at the 2003 Sundance Film Festival. In 2005 he completed the animated title sequence for "My Big Fat Independent Movie" and in 2006 his autobiographical mockumentary "Scenic Highway". His documentary short about sustainability, "So What?" (2007), won the 2008 Communications Award of Honor from the American Society of Landscape Architects. In March 2010, his documentary short film "A Necessary Ruin: The Story of Buckminster Fuller and the Union Tank Car Dome" (2009) premiered at the National Building Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9689938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689938" title="Super Fuzz">
Super Fuzz

Super Fuzz or Poliziotto superpiù (also called "Super Snooper") is an Italian comedy film about Dave Speed, a bumbling Miami police officer who gains super powers through accidental nuclear exposure. Directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Terence Hill and Ernest Borgnine, it was released in 1980.
Synopsis.
The story starts as a retrospective, as police officer Dave Speed (Terence Hill) faces his fourth execution attempt (this time by the electric chair) for the alleged murder of his superior and friend, Sergeant Willy Dunlop (Ernest Borgnine). While taking his last walk once more, Dave reminisces about how this all got started.
Coming fresh from the police academy, Dave is sent to deliver a parking ticket to the member of a tiny Indian village in the Florida Everglades. Unbeknownst to him, the U.S. government and NASA are preparing to conduct a secret radiation experiment in the town by firing a nuclear missile loaded with red plutonium into the village (which has long since been evacuated) is located. Dave, the only person in that particular area, is hit by the radiation but does not die, and returns to civilization. His tale of having been close to the explosion is marvelled at by most, but dismissed by Dunlop.
As time passes, Dave discovers that he has picked up a wide range of super powers, including super reflexes and speed, endurance, telekinesis, precognition, hypnotism, and the ability to survive a window drop from the 23rd story of a building unscathed. What is more puzzling is that sometimes his powers suddenly fail to work whenever he sees the color red. But his powers, even with their limitation, come as an advantage when counterfeit money is found throughout the city. The masterminds behind this scheme are a local businessman named Torpedo (Marc Lawrence) and his mistress Rosy Labouche (Joanne Dru), a former actress whom Dunlop has a serious crush on. Right now, however, Dave is less a danger to them than an old retired magician named Silvius (Herbie Goldstein), who had inadvertently discovered how Torpedo transports his counterfeit money and now finds himself chased by Torpedo's henchmen. As it turns out, Silvius had also gained super powers the same way Dave did, and reveals his secret to the young policeman: Whenever he sees the color he saw at the explosion, his power is nullified for as long as he observes it.
Dave reveals his secret to Dunlop and Evelyn, who are less than ecstatic about it. While Dunlop points out that Dave's precognitive abilities, which helped uncover Torpedo's scam, is unlikely to be admitted as evidence in court, Evelyn is not overjoyed at having a too-perfect man in the house. One night, Dave and Dunlop proceed to Torpedo's clubhouse, where Dave has Dunlop dance with Rosie (with some hypnotic encouragement) while he poses as a corrupt cop who wants a share of the winnings. By using his hypnotic powers on Torpedo, he gets the gangster to blab out the location of his printing facility: the fishing trawler "Barracuda". But in the meantime, Dunlop inadvertently tells Rosie about Dave's powers and weaknesses in order to impress her.
Once the information is obtained, Dave and Dunlop proceed out to sea to find the "Barracuda". Going aboard alone, Dunlop finds the printing press and the latest stash of money, but is knocked out by Torpedo's men, who lock him into a freezer and then sink the trawler to destroy the evidence. Upon his return to Police HQ, Dave is arrested following a trumped-up accusation by Rosie, who also makes sure that he keeps seeing something red to prevent his escape from prison, though she could not do so during the first three execution attempts.
Despite Rosie's last-ditch attempt to ensure Dave's demise by having a bouquet of red roses left in the electric chair room, Dave finally manages to escape prison and jumps into the sea, where he promptly swims to the "Barracuda". Once he finds Dunlop aboard, alive but frozen stiff, he uses a borrowed piece of bubblegum to create a balloon, and both men rise out of the ocean and float back to the city. Having heard of Dave's escape, Torpedo and Rosie prepare to flee with Evelyn as their hostage. Dave manages to intercept them by jumping onto their amphibian aircraft and redirecting it to an airfield where the police are already waiting. Finally convinced of the validity of Dave's powers, Dunlop overconfidently jumps off the balloon while Dave races to save him with Rosie's red Feather boa wrapped around his legs. At the last instant, he manages to catch Dunlop (though in the process they wind up plunging through the earth and straight up to China), and both return safe and sound to prepare for Dave's and Evelyn's wedding. However, Evelyn, still reluctant to have a superman for a husband, has decided to have the last word in the matter by having her hair dyed red.

</doc>
<doc id="9689954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689954" title="Jason R. Holsman">
Jason R. Holsman

Jason R. Holsman (born March 25, 1976) is a politician from the U.S. state of Missouri. He is currently a member of the Missouri Senate for the 7th district in Jackson County.
Early life and education.
Born to Gale and Judy Holsman, Jason was born and raised in Kansas City, Missouri. He graduated in 1994 from Blue Valley High School and attended the University of Missouri, where he became a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. He later transferred to the University of Kansas, where he received his Bachelors Degree in Political Science and U.S. History in 1999. He went on to earn his Master of Arts Degree in Diplomacy & Military Science from Norwich University in Vermont. In 2005, he earned his Missouri State Teaching Certificate from Northwest Missouri State University. 
Career.
After his graduation from the University of Kansas, Holsman took a staff position in the United States Senate. Holman's tenure working for then Senator John Ashcroft was brief and he soon returned to Missouri. Upon returning to the Midwest, Holsman accepted a position as a political correspondent to the Missouri Legislature for the "Suburban Journals". While working for the "Suburban Journals", he met his future wife, Robyn, and they returned to Kansas City, where she is a public school teacher.
Holsman spent three years as a network design engineer for Sprint PCS before becoming a certified public school teacher. As a social studies teacher of inner-city students from Kansas City, Missouri at Van Horn High School, he coached both varsity football and baseball. 
Missouri State Representative.
In 2006, Holsman ran successfully for a seat in the Missouri House of Representatives (District 45). He was re-elected in 2008 and 2010. 
Holsman was the Chairman of both the Joint Committee on Urban Agriculture and Special Committee on Renewable Energy. His additional committee assignments include the Joint Committee on Education, Utilites and International Trade and Business.
Missouri State Senator.
In 2012, Holsman ran successfully for a seat in the Missouri Senate (District 7).
Personal life.
Jason and Robyn Holsman wed in March 2001; the couple has two children. He is a member of the Ancient and Accepted Free Masons.
He has received numerous awards including mention or membership in the following: "Who's Who Among American High School Students", the National Citizenship Award, the National Honor Roll of American Teachers, and "Who's Who Among American Teachers" (twice).

</doc>
<doc id="9689983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689983" title="Sorbitol dehydrogenase">
Sorbitol dehydrogenase

Sorbitol dehydrogenase (or SDH) is a protein. In humans this protein is encoded by the "SORD" gene.
Sorbitol dehydrogenase is an enzyme in carbohydrate metabolism converting sorbitol, the sugar alcohol form of glucose, into fructose. Together with aldose reductase, it provides a way for the body to produce fructose from glucose without using ATP. Sorbitol dehydrogenase uses NAD+ as a cofactor; its reaction is sorbitol + NAD+ --> fructose + NADH + H+. A zinc ion is also involved in catalysis. Organs that use it most frequently include the liver and seminal vesicle; it is found in all kinds of organisms from bacteria to humans. A secondary use is the metabolism of dietary sorbitol, though sorbitol is known not to be absorbed as well in the intestine as its related compounds glucose and fructose, and is usually found in quite small amounts in the diet (except when used as an artificial sweetener).
Structure.
The structure of human sorbitol dehydrogenase was determined through crystallization experiments and X-ray diffraction (with a resolution of 2.20 Å). The method used for crystallization was “Vapor Diffusion, Hanging Drop” at pH 6.2 and at a temperature of 295.0 K. Sorbitol dehydrogenase consists of four identical chains (A, B, C, D), each of which being 31% helical (14 helices) and 26% beta sheet (23 strands). MolProbity Ramachandran analysis was conducted by Lovell, Davis, et al. The results were that 97.1% of all residues were in favored regions and 100.0% of all residues were in allowed regions, with no outliers. All four chains have 356 residues each and a catalytic site. The catalytic sites contain both a serine and a histidine residue, which are hydrophilic sidechains. The residues require NAD+ and a zinc ion to be present for catalytic activity. Sorbitol dehydrogenase belongs to the oxidoreductase family, which means that it helps catalyze oxidation reduction reactions. As stated above, the enzyme helps in the pathway of converting glucose into fructose.
Subunit interactions in SDH.
The interactions between subunits forming a tetramer in SDH is determined by non-covalent interaction. These non-covalent interactions consists of an hydrophobic effect, hydrogen bonds, and electrostatic interactions between the four identical subunits. For homotetrameric proteins such as SDH, the structure is believed to have evolved going from a monomeric to a dimeric and finally toward a tetrameric structure in evolution. The SDH proteins have a close evolutionary relationship with alcohol dehydrogenase, which also belongs to the protein superfamily of medium-chain dehydrogenase/reductase enzymes (MDRs). Mammalian ADHs are all dimeric enzymes but certain bacterial ADHs also share a tetrameric quaternary structure. SDH from silver leaf whitefly and that from yeast ADH1 both lack a structural zinc site and share a tetrameric quaternary structure, thus showing a close evolutionary relationship from a structural viewpoint between the two classes of proteins (ADH and SDH). 
The general binding process in SDH is described by the gain in free energy, which can be determined from the rate of association and dissociation between subunits.
The following image shows the assembly of the four subunits (A,B,C and D) in SDH. 
A hydrogen-bonding network between subunits has been shown to be important for the stability of the tetrameric quaternary protein structure. For example, a study of SDH that used diverse methods such as protein sequence alignments, structural comparisons, energy calculations, gelfiltration experiments, and enzyme kinetics experiments could reveal an important hydrogen-bonding network that stabilizes the tetrameric quaternary structure in mammalian SDH.

</doc>
<doc id="9689988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689988" title="Joseph Hammons">
Joseph Hammons

Joseph Hammons (March 3, 1787 – March 29, 1836) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Cornish, Maine and educated by private tutors and in the common schools. In addition, he studied medicine in Ossipee, New Hampshire and commenced practice in Farmington, New Hampshire in 1817.
Hammons was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Congresses (March 4, 1829 – March 3, 1833). After leaving Congress, he was postmaster at Dover, New Hampshire from June 1833 until his death in Farmington in 1836. He was buried in the old family cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9689996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689996" title="The Kidnapping of the President">
The Kidnapping of the President

The Kidnapping of the President is a 1980 political thriller film made by Presidential Films and Sefel Films and distributed by Crown International Pictures. It was produced and directed by George Mendeluk and co-produced by John Ryan from a screenplay by Richard Murphy and Charles Templeton, based on Templeton's novel. The original music was by Nash the Slash and Paul Zaza and the cinematography by Mike Molloy.
The film stars William Shatner, Hal Holbrook, Van Johnson and Ava Gardner.
Plot.
During a diplomatic visit to Toronto, the U.S. President Adam Scott (Hal Holbrook) is abducted by a South American terrorist, Roberto Assanti (Miguel Fernandes), and his female accomplice, and is held captive in an armored truck booby-trapped with high explosives. The elaborate bomb keeps the Secret Service at bay until Assanti is killed. However, the explosives are timed to detonate at midnight, so Secret Service agent Jerry O'Connor (Shatner) has to find a way into the truck to rescue the President before it detonates. Also involved are U.S Vice-President Ethan Richards (Johnson) and his wife Beth (Gardner).
Novel.
The film differs in a number of ways from the novel by Charles Templeton on which it was based. The novel set the kidnapping in New York City's Herald Square, and the subsequent siege in nearby Times Square, whereas the film moved the action to Templeton's home city of Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="9690013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690013" title="Calcutta Club">
Calcutta Club

Calcutta Club is a social club located on Lower Circular Road in Calcutta India. It was established in 1907 and the first president of the club was H H The Maharajah of Cooch Behar, Sir Nripendra Narayan.
Although not the oldest private members club in the city, it is notable because it was formed at a time when the existing Bengal Club only admitted whites as members. Lord Minto, the Viceroy of India at the time, had wished to invite Rajen Mookerjee to dine at the Bengal Club and, when the discriminatory policy was thus exposed, a decision was taken to form a club with a membership policy not dictated by race.
The Calcutta Club remains a popular social hub for the wealthy in the city. The club has historically restricted membership to men. However, this was changed in 2007 and the club started admitting women members.
External links.
The Calcutta Club was the name given to the official smoking room in Clongowes Wood College in Ireland. The club existed until the introduction of the smoking ban in Ireland on March 29, 2004 when the room on the first floor of the Higher Line Gallery was closed. The club still exists but unfortunately has moved outside the college buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="9690015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690015" title="Voodoo Lounge Tour">
Voodoo Lounge Tour

The Voodoo Lounge Tour was a worldwide concert tour by The Rolling Stones to promote their 1994 album "Voodoo Lounge". This was their first tour without bassist Bill Wyman, who was replaced, though not officially, by Darryl Jones. The tour grossed $320 million, becoming the highest grossing tour of any artist at that time. This was subsequently overtaken by a few other tours, but it remains The Rolling Stones' second highest grossing tour behind their 2005-2007 A Bigger Bang Tour.
Production design was by Mark Fisher, Charlie Watts, Mick Jagger and Patrick Woodroffe. Graphic design and video animation was by Mark Norton.
Tour band.
Additional musicians:
Tour set list.
The band's set list at the first show at RFK Stadium in Washington, D.C.:
This was the set list at the last show, at Feyenoord Stadium in Rotterdam, Holland on 30 August 1995:
Other songs played:

</doc>
<doc id="9690037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690037" title="Wes Freed">
Wes Freed

Wes Freed is a Richmond, Virginia-based musician, "outsider" artist, illustrator, and actor whose works have appeared on the album covers of numerous American rock bands, including Cracker and Lauren Hoffman. With the assistance of graphic design / layout artists Lilla Hood and Jenn Bryant, Freed is almost single-handedly responsible for creating the artistic aesthetic of the immensely popular, Athens-via-Alabama rock band, Drive-By Truckers.
Biography.
Born April 25, 1964, Wes Freed grew up on his family's cattle farm in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. The feel and look of this area has inspired most of his landscapes and many of the characters who appear in his paintings and comics. According to Freed, when he was about seven years old he ran across a DuPont safety magazine that featured a drawing of a bottle-wielding, bowler hat wearing skeleton driving a roadster. He said he became so enamored of the idea of a boozy hot-rod driving skeleton, that he's been painting variations on that theme ever since.
In the mid-1980s, Freed attended Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, where he earned a degree in Painting and Printmaking. Among his influences at VCU were Professors James Bumgardner and Myron Helfgott, as well as Lester Van Winkle, Joe Seipel and James Bradford. According to Freed, the influence was not so much a matter of influencing his own artwork or style, but because they shared his profound love for live music, British motorcycles, and low-cost alcoholic beverages.
In the early 1980s, Freed formed and became the frontman for several bands, including the punk rock Mudd Helmut, the hillbilly soul of Dirtball, and country-influenced and critically acclaimed band, The Shiners. While in Dirtball and The Shiners, he shared vocal duties with his wife Jyl, whom he married Feb. 29, 1996. According to aficionados, the couple's combined vocals have been favorably compared to the seminal L.A. punk band, X.
Also during that time, Freed began drawing a comic strip he called "Willard's Garage" that ran in various alternative newspapers in the Richmond area. "Willard's Garage" told stories of the somewhat fictional "Crow Holler", a Celt-Appalachian lore-laced location inhabited by skeletal moonshiners and other mystical / comical characters. Of all of the characters, the most popular by far was Hexter the Blood Possum, who eventually had his own spin-off comic entitled "Wild Tales of a Simple Life". Hexter also garnered a pivotal role in the plot of Jim Stramel's "rednexploitation" movie, "The Thrillbillys", which starred Freed and fellow musicians Angry Johnny and Erin Snyder.
Through a variety of circumstances, in 2001 Freed began appearing in various regional television commercials in the role of "a redneck type character", including one for the North American chain of junkyards known as Pick-N-Pull or U-Wrench-It.
Drive-By Truckers.
Freed's relationship with the band started in the mid-90s, when Freed was touring with his now-defunct group, Dirtball, a critically acclaimed band that Allmusic called ""alt-country at its finest."" Freed first saw the Drive-by Truckers play at Atlanta's Bubbapalooza in 1996 and asked the them to play the Capital City Barn Dance, a monthly series of alt-country shows that the Freeds, along with several other Richmonders hosted, and a friendship was born.
The Truckers have remained friends with the Freeds since that time, often staying with them when they played shows in Richmond. It was there that the band first saw Freed's artwork and felt his vision meshed well with their musical sensibilities.
When DBT began work on their ambitious two-disc project, "Southern Rock Opera", they asked Freed to contribute some of the album art for the series of punk-inspired roots-rock songs loosely based on the story of Lynyrd Skynyrd, as well as Hood’s own experience coming to grips with the contradictions of his Southern heritage.
The album was widely praised after its release in 2001, earning four stars from longtime Rolling Stone critic David Fricke. The Truckers unique sound and rowdy shows drew crowds and soon elevated them from struggling touring band to regular sellout.
Freed also painted and designed the album covers and booklets for the band's 2003 release, "Decoration Day", 2004’s "The Dirty South", 2006's "A Blessing and a Curse", and 2008's "Brighter Than Creation's Dark".
Current work.
On top of his work for DBT, he is also called upon to do illustrations for various advertisements, and generally has a waiting list of commissions that he is working on, as well as trying to find time to sneak in an occasional piece that he is doing for his own enjoyment. One current project he's very proud to be involved with is Hoosier Biker Jim Bantz's Shop Truck project, which will feature paintings and artwork by various American folk artists, including the late Harley Warrick, who painted an estimated 20,000 of the mid-western barns advertising Mail Pouch tobacco. Freed has completed a dash board for the truck, and will be adding more to the door panels in the near future. When completed, the truck will be a museum-worthy tribute to contemporary folk art, as well as a rolling piece of Americana.
Side Notes.
Wes currently lives in Mechanicsville, Virginia with his wife and their small menagerie of animals which has included a pair of Virginia opossums, among other things.
Freed stopped actively pursuing a musical career around 2001, partially to be able to concentrate more on his artwork. With his weekends free for the first time in his adult life, he was able to become a full-time NASCAR fan. One of his favorite memories and crowning achievements is having had his signature "Drive-by Truckers" lettering featured on the #07 Jack Daniel's Nextel Cup car, driven at the time by NASCAR driver and former World of Outlaws Champion, Dave Blaney. This was facilitated by The Drive-by Truckers affiliation with the Jack Daniels company.
Some of his artistic influences are Giorgio de Chirico, Robert Williams (artist), Phillip Guston (later work), R. Crumb, Miles Carpenter, Amedeo Modigliani and Edward Gorey.
Before his affiliation with Drive-by Truckers, Freed was rapidly becoming popular for his renderings of famous musical artists, and still gets a lot of commission requests for a wide variety of musicians. Among some of the portraits he has done through the years have been Bob Dylan, Ray Charles, Jerry Lee Lewis, Richard Thompson (musician), George Jones, Patsy Cline, Hank Williams Sr., Gram Parsons, Johnny Cash, Ronnie Van Zant, Ronnie Van Zant & Robert Johnson (musician), Gram Parsons and Keith Richards, Buck Owens, Dwight Yoakam, Merle Haggard playing poker, Nick Cave, The Band, The Carter Family, Jerry Garcia & Ron "Pigpen" McKernan and more.

</doc>
<doc id="9690048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690048" title="Robert Bierenbaum">
Robert Bierenbaum

Robert Bierenbaum is a plastic surgeon who has been convicted in October 2000 of murder in the strangulation death of his wife, Gail Katz-Bierenbaum. The death occurred in their Manhattan apartment on July 7, 1985.
Bierenbaum, a licensed pilot, took a two-hour flight in a Cessna 172 from Essex County, New Jersey over the Atlantic Ocean on the day that Gail had vanished. He failed to mention this fact to authorities during their initial questioning. The prosecution stated that Bierenbaum discarded his wife's dismembered body in the ocean. The victim's body has never been recovered.
Despite a witness testimony for the defense who stated that he saw the victim in a Manhattan bagel shop during the time that Bierenbaum took his airplane flight, Bierenbaum was sentenced to twenty years to life in prison in New York. He appealed, but the conviction was upheld in the New York State Supreme Court, Appellate Division in 2002.
Notoriety.
The Bierenbaum case was the subject of the 2001 "New York Times" non-fiction bestseller book "The Surgeon's Wife". It was also one of the stories in the television show "" on Court TV.
In the ISBN database isbndb.com - free books & ISBN database, the summary of the book includes:
Bierenbaum has been referred to as "The Lady Killer". It has been said in "Vanity Fair" and "New York" magazine that women still find him attractive, even though he has been convicted of murdering his first wife.
See also The New Yorker, July 31, 2000,pps 36-43, Letter from Las Vegas, "The Harriet-the-Spy Club" by Tad Friend, for an earlier accounting.
Legal precedent.
"People of the State of New York v. Robert Bierenbaum" was a landmark decision, setting precedent on upholding physician-patient privilege even when a Tarasoff warning is invoked: "Neither a psychiatrist issuing a Tarasoff warning nor a patient telling his friends he's in treatment constitutes a waiver of a patient's psychiatrist-patient privilege."
The case was also used as precedent in the California case of Glyn Sharf, where the accused was charged of murdering his wife, even though the victim's body was never found.
Medical status.
As a result of the New York state Medical Licensing Board's misconduct review following the court case, Bierenbaum surrendered his License to Practice medicine in November, 2000. In September 2002, New Jersey also revoked his medical practice license.
In popular culture.
The Robert Bierenbaum case was featured by the television show "Law and Order: Criminal Intent", in an episode entitled "The Good Doctor", which originally aired in November, 2001. Only on the show a torso (dismembered by a boat propeller) was found, and identified as NOT being that of the doctors wife. Police, however, lied to him and implied that it was his wife in order to both panic him and throw him off guard. The case was also featured in an episode of the French series "Paris enquêtes criminelles".
Lisa DePaulo profiled the Bierenbaum case in her story, "Intimations of Murder" published in the September 2000 issue of "Vanity Fair" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9690052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690052" title="September Uprising">
September Uprising

The September Uprising (, "Septemvriysko vastanie") was an armed insurgency staged in September 1923 by the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) under Comintern pressure, as an attempt to overthrow the Alexander Tsankov's new government of Bulgaria that had come to power with the coup d'état of 9 June. Besides its communist base, the uprising was also supported by agrarians and anarchists. The uprising's goal was the "establishment of a government of workers and peasants" in Bulgaria, not the conversion of the country's socioeconomic system to communism.
Background and organization.
The Bulgarian Communist Party leaders took up a neutral position on the 9 June coup d'état and the subsequent June Uprising because it regarded what was happening in the country as "struggle for power between the urban and rural bourgeoisie". This position was provoked by the belief of the party's older leaders, headed by Dimitar Blagoev and Todor Lukanov, that there were no ripe conditions for a revolution in Bulgaria yet.
At the same time, a number of party organizations in the country proclaimed their support for counteraction to the coup d'état, with some even joining the June Uprising. Bulgarian Comintern General Secretary Vasil Kolarov sent a telegram to the BCP (Narrow Socialists) leadership, advising them to "act in determination, even together with Stamboliyski". However, no common BCP measures in support of the June Uprising were taken in the long run.
In early August 1923, a plenary session of the BCP (Narrow Socialists) Central Committee was called. During the session, the young and radical party activists, headed by Georgi Dimitrov and Vasil Kolarov, backed by the Comintern, prevailed in support of the organization of a new uprising.
The government took precautions to prevent the uprising, arresting more than 2,000 noted BCP activists on 12 September 1923. As a reaction to the arrests, the uprising broke out without plan in isolated areas, initially around Kazanlak. On 20 September, a BCP Central Committee meeting was held, during which a decision was reached to proclaim the uprising on the eve of 23 September, despite opposition by the supporters of legal activity. The plan involved a mass uprising around Vratsa followed by the formation of an organized militia which would capture the capital Sofia.
Outbreak.
Insurrectionary activity was first started by the communists in the village of Maglizh near Kazanlak on the eve of 14 September. Their actions were backed by the BCP branch in Golyamo Dryanovo. The rebels seized the two villages, but received no support from the neighbouring branches, which decided to wait until the official proclamation of the uprising. Several hours after the outbreak in Maglizh, they withdrew into the mountains.
On 12 September, a campaign committee was set up in Stara Zagora, which reached a decision that the region should be stirred up to revolt on the eve of 20 September. The uprising broke out in Stara Zagora at the arranged time, but was quickly suppressed by government forces.
Nova Zagora revolted at the same time, with the city and the whole region being quickly seized by the rebels. The villages around Chirpan also revolted on the eve of 20 September and an unsuccessful attempt to capture the city was undertaken. The lack of an organized uprising around Burgas allowed the government to mobilize strong forces and crush the uprising around Stara Zagora. Particularly hard battles were fought at Maglizh, Enina and Shipka.
Uprising in northwestern Bulgaria.
Aleksandar Tsankov's government, not enjoying wide popular support but relying on the army, declared a martial law on 22 September and mobilized sizable forces to suppress the uprising. Groups of volunteers organized in "shpitskomandi" (paramilitary formations) also fought against the rebels.
In support of the cavalry platoon in Lom, which was encircled by the rebels, the government sent relief from Vidin. The rebel forces were aided by one cannon operated by Father Andrey, but it failed to tip the balance in their advantage. After three days of small-scale urban warfare, the government restored control over Lom.
At the morning of 25 September, rebels under Gavril Genov attacked the government troops heading to Ferdinand at Boychinovtsi and defeated them following a bitter fight. The victory raised their morale and they advanced to Vratsa, but were driven back. Rebel forces were also routed at Brusartsi by troops garrisoned at Vidin. The resistance of the rebels in the Petrohan Pass was also broken around the same time, and numerous heavily armed military units advanced to Ferdinand and Berkovitsa. In order to save the rebels from total extermination, the leaders issued an order to retreat to Yugoslavia. On 27 September, the government forces entered Ferdinand. On 28 September and 29 September, there were only occasional fights between the retreating rebels and the army.
Uprising elsewhere.
In Plovdiv and the vicinity, an uprising practically did not break out. Only a handful of villages revolted around Pazardzhik, among which Muhovo and Lesichevo. On 24 September, the rebels attempted an unsuccessful attack of Saranbey.
Following the departure of Dimitrov and Kolarov for the northwest, there were no preparations for the uprising in Sofia. The reason was that the Sofia branch of the BCP was dominated by supporters of legal action against Tsankov's government. Ultimately, a revolutionary committee was set up, consisting of Anton Ivanov, Dimitar Ginchev and Todor Atanasov, but it was uncovered and its members were arrested as early as 21 September. The lack of an uprising in Sofia allowed the government to use its best military units from Sofia to crush the uprising in other parts of the country.
There was small-scale insurrection around Ihtiman and Samokov, as well as in individual villages in the vicinity of Sofia and Pirdop. Ihtiman and Kostenets were captured, but the rebels were quickly crushed by government detachments from Sofia.
Before the beginning of the uprising, BCP and the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) concluded an agreement, according to which BCP would not stir up the population in Pirin whereas IMRO would not obstruct the uprising's organization in other parts of the country. In practice, however, neither side respected the agreement, as the area around Razlog revolted and IMRO joined the conflict on the side of the government. Following short fights, the rebels withdrew in the mountains.
Individual villages around Veliko Tarnovo, Shumen and Burgas also joined the uprising.
Consequences.
Following the suppression, the government, "shpitskomandi" and IMRO detachments committed atrocities against the civil population in the regions that revolted, with particularly large atrocities around the town of Ferdinand. Active communists and agrarians were killed, including some which did not take part in the September Uprising. Casualties among the civil population amount to more than 2,000. According to the Bulgarian historiography during the communist rule of Bulgaria, they were around 30,000, but these are considerably overestimated figures. 
After the crushing of the uprising, its leaders Georgi Dimitrov and Vasil Kolarov fled to Yugoslavia and then to the Soviet Union. Some of the rebels remained in the country and acted as isolated militia in the mountains, other emigrated to Yugoslavia.
In the Bulgarian communist historiography, Tsankov's government was regarded fascist and the September Uprising was called "the first anti-fascist uprising". 
In art.
The September Uprising and the atrocities during its suppression provoked a powerful reaction among the Bulgarian intellectuals of the time. Among the more famous works dedicated to the uprising are the poem "Septemvri" by Geo Milev, the novel "Horo" by Anton Strashimirov and the painting "Septemvri 1923" by Ivan Milev. Others include the books of poetry "Proleten vyatar" ("Spring Wind") by Nikola Furnadzhiev and "Zhertveni kladi" ("Sacrificial Stakes") by Asen Raztsvetnikov. The latter, together with Angel Karaliychev, author of the book "Razh" ("Rye"), were later classed as the "September generation of writers".
Between 1944 and 1979, memorials of the uprising were erected in a number of places, the locals of which participated in it.

</doc>
<doc id="9690053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690053" title="George Leonard Andrews">
George Leonard Andrews

George Leonard Andrews (August 31, 1828 – April 4, 1899) was an American professor, civil engineer, and soldier. He was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was awarded the honorary grade of brevet major general.
During the Civil War, Andrews served in a number of important commands, first as the colonel of the 2nd Massachusetts, a regiment which saw heavy action in the Battles of Cedar Mountain and Antietam, among other actions. Mentored by Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Prentice Banks, Andrews became part of Banks's staff and was assigned several command roles in the Army Department of the Gulf during the later years of the war.
After the war, Andrews pursued a variety of vocations, including service as a United States marshal, before returning to the United States Military Academy at West Point as a professor until his retirement.
Early career.
George Andrews was born in Bridgewater, Massachusetts, son of Manasseh and Harriet Leonard Andrews. In 1851, Andrews graduated first in his class from the United States Military Academy at West Point. After graduating, he was assigned to the Army Corps of Engineers with the rank of brevet second lieutenant. From 1851 to 1854, he served as assistant to Lt. Col. Sylvanus Thayer who was in command of the construction of Fort Warren in Boston harbor. From 1854 to 1855, he was assistant professor of engineering at West Point. He then resigned from the service and was engaged in civil engineering work until the beginning of the Civil War. Some sources have confused General Andrews with Colonel George Lippitt Andrews, U.S. Army (as both are George L. Andrews).
Civil War.
2nd Massachusetts.
At the start of the Civil War, Andrews assisted with the organization of the 2nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry of which he was appointed lieutenant colonel. The 2nd Massachusetts was attached in July 1861 to the Army Department of the Shenandoah commanded by Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks. During 1861, they took part in minor operations in the vicinity of Harpers Ferry, Virginia.
In the spring of 1862, Banks's forces were confronted by Lt. Gen. Thomas Jackson's Confederate forces in a series of battles known as Jackson's Valley Campaign. In May 1862, Andrews succeeded Col. George Henry Gordon as commander of the 2nd Massachusetts and led the regiment during the First Battle of Winchester. On June 13, 1862, Andrews was promoted to colonel.
Andrews remained in command of the 2nd Massachusetts until October 2, 1862, during which time he led the regiment in two more major battles. On August 9, 1862, Banks's forces again engaged Jackson, and were again defeated, in the Battle of Cedar Mountain. In early September, Banks was reassigned to the defenses of Washington and his forces were re-organized, becoming the XII Corps in the Army of the Potomac, and took part in the Maryland Campaign. During this campaign, Andrews led the 2nd Massachusetts in the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862. The regiment took part in the assaults on the Confederate position through the infamous Cornfield and suffered heavy casualties before being forced to make an orderly retreat.
In October 1862, Andrews was elevated to brigade command and briefly commanded the 2nd Brigade, 1st Division of the XII Corps, then the 4th Brigade of the same division while the Army of the Potomac re-grouped in the aftermath of the Maryland Campaign.
New Orleans expedition.
On October 26, 1862, Andrews was assigned to Maj. Gen. Banks's expedition to New Orleans and was promoted to brigadier general on November 9, 1862. As a key member of Banks's staff, Andrews spent the winter of 1862–1863 in New York City, playing a major role in organization and planning the expedition. Banks replaced Maj. Gen. Benjamin Butler as commander of the Department of the Gulf and intended to move north from New Orleans with a large force to assist in taking control of the Mississippi River.
Andrews reached New Orleans with the last detachment of new troops on February 11, 1863. He was briefly placed in command of the 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, XIX Corps but less than a month later, in March 1863, Andrews was appointed chief of staff to Maj. Gen. Banks. In this capacity, Andrews assisted in organizing the Siege of Port Hudson, a costly operation consisting of several naval and land assaults. Confederate forces in Port Hudson, the last Confederate stronghold on the Mississippi River, ultimately surrendered on July 9, 1863 after hearing of the surrender of Vicksburg, Mississippi. Andrews personally accepted the sword of the Confederate commander of Port Hudson during the formal surrender and returned it to him as a compliment to their bravery.
District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson.
The day after the fall of Port Hudson, Andrews was assigned to organize the African-American troops in the Army of the Gulf, forming the Corps d'Afrique. Andrews was also placed in command of the Army District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson. He retained command of the district and the Corps d'Afrique until February 1865. To recruit African-Americans, Andrews dispatched soldiers to plantations throughout his district to enlist freed slaves.
On February 27, Andrews was relieved from command of the District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson and reported to New Orleans where he was appointed provost marshal general for the Department of the Gulf. He served as an aide to Maj. Gen. Edward Canby during the Siege of Mobile Campaign which forced the surrender of the last Confederate stronghold on the Gulf coast. For his service during this campaign, Andrews was given a commendation by Canby.
After the Confederacy's surrender in April 1865, Andrews spent a portion of the summer as Maj. Gen. Canby's chief of staff, then resigned his commission on August 24, 1865. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Andrews to the honorary grade of brevet major general, United States Volunteers, to rank from March 26, 1865 and the United States Senate confirmed the award on March 12, 1866.
Post-war career.
After the Civil War, Andrews spent two years as a planter in Mississippi. He then moved back to Massachusetts and was a United States marshal from 1867 to 1871. He was a professor of French at West Point from 1871 to 1882, and of modern languages from 1882 until his retirement in 1892.
Fort Andrews, a fortification on Peddocks Island in Boston Harbor, was named after him. Constructed in 1897, the fort held the largest garrison of any fortification in Boston Harbor in the early 20th century (two thousand troops). It was abandoned by the U.S. Army in 1946 and is currently in ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="9690067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690067" title="1962 in Northern Ireland">
1962 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9690068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690068" title="Sleep medicine">
Sleep medicine

Sleep medicine is a medical specialty or subspecialty devoted to the diagnosis and therapy of sleep disturbances and disorders. From the middle of the 20th century, research has provided increasing knowledge and answered many questions about sleep-wake functioning. The rapidly evolving field has become a recognized medical subspecialty in some countries. Dental sleep medicine also qualifies for board certification in some countries. Properly organized, minimum 12-month, postgraduate training programs are still being defined in the United States. In some countries, the sleep researchers and the physicians who treat patients may be the same people.
The first sleep clinics in the United States were established in the 1970s by interested physicians and technicians; the study, diagnosis and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea were their first tasks. As late as 1999, virtually any American physician, with no specific training in sleep medicine, could open a sleep laboratory.
Disorders and disturbances of sleep are widespread and can have significant consequences for affected individuals as well as economic and other consequences for society. The US National Transportation Safety Board has, according to Dr. Charles Czeisler, member of the Institute of Medicine and Director of the Harvard University Medical School Division of Sleep Medicine at Brigham and Women's Hospital, discovered that the leading cause (31%) of fatal-to-the-driver heavy truck crashes is fatigue-related with drugs and alcohol as the number two cause (29%). Sleep deprivation has also been a significant factor in dramatic accidents, such as the Exxon Valdez oil spill, the nuclear incidents at Chernobyl and Three Mile Island and the explosion of the space shuttle "Challenger".
Scope and classification.
Competence in sleep medicine requires an understanding of a plethora of very diverse disorders, many of which present with similar symptoms such as excessive daytime sleepiness, which, in the absence of volitional sleep deprivation, "is almost inevitably caused by an identifiable and treatable sleep disorder," such as sleep apnea, narcolepsy, idiopathic hypersomnia, Kleine-Levin syndrome, menstrual-related hypersomnia, idiopathic recurrent stupor, or circadian rhythm disturbances. Another common complaint is insomnia, a set of symptoms that can have many causes, physical and mental. Management in the varying situations differs greatly and cannot be undertaken without a correct diagnosis.
ICSD, "The International Classification of Sleep Disorders", was restructured in 1990, in relation to its predecessor, to include only one code for each diagnostic entry and to classify disorders by pathophysiologic mechanism, as far as possible, rather than by primary complaint. Training in sleep medicine is multidisciplinary, and the present structure was chosen to encourage a multidisciplinary approach to diagnosis. Sleep disorders often do not fit neatly into traditional classification; differential diagnoses cross medical systems. Minor revisions and updates to the ICSD were made in 1997 and in following years. The present classification system in fact follows the groupings suggested by Nathaniel Kleitman, the "father of sleep research," in his seminal 1939 book "Sleep and Wakefulness".
The revised ICSD, ICSD-R, placed the primary sleep disorders in the subgroups (1) dyssomnias, which include those that produce complaints of insomnia or excessive sleepiness, and (2) the parasomnias, which do not produce those primary complaints but intrude into or occur during sleep. A further subdivision of the dyssomnias preserves the integrity of circadian rhythm sleep disorders, as was mandated by about 200 doctors and researchers from all over the world who participated in the process between 1985–1990. The last two subgroups were (3) the medical or psychiatric sleep disorder section and (4) the proposed new disorders section. The authors found the heading "medical or psychiatric" less than ideal but better than the alternative "organic or non-organic," which seemed more likely to change in the future. Detailed reporting schemes aimed to provide data for further research. A second edition, called ICSD-2, was published in 2005.
MeSH, "Medical Subject Headings", a service of the US National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health, uses similar broad categories: (1) dyssomnias, including narcolepsy, apnea, and the circadian rhythm sleep disorders, (2) parasomnias, which include, among others, bruxism (tooth-grinding), sleepwalking and bedwetting, and (3) sleep disorders caused by medical or psychiatric conditions. The system used produces "trees," approaching each diagnosis from up to several angles such that each disorder may be known by several codes.
DSM-IV-TR, the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision", using the same diagnostic codes as the "International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems" (ICD), divides sleep disorders into three groups: (1) primary sleep disorders, both the dyssomnias and the parasomnias, presumed to result from an endogenous disturbance in sleep-wake generating or timing mechanisms, (2) those secondary to mental disorders and (3) those related to a general medical condition or substance abuse.
Recent thinking opens for a common cause for mood and sleep disorders occurring in the same patient; a 2010 review states that, in humans, "single nucleotide polymorphisms in "Clock" and other clock genes have been associated with depression" and that the "evidence that mood disorders are associated with disrupted or at least inappropriately timed circadian rhythms suggests that treatment strategies or drugs aimed at restoring 'normal' circadian rhythmicity may be clinically useful."
History.
A 16th-century physician wrote that many laborers dozed off exhausted at the start of each night; sexual intercourse with their wives typically occurring in the "watching period", after a recuperative first sleep. Anthropologists find that isolated societies without electric light sleep in a variety of patterns; seldom do they resemble our modern habit of sleeping in one single eight-hour bout. Much has been written about dream interpretation, from biblical times to Freud, but sleep itself was historically seen as a passive state of not-awake.
The concept of sleep medicine belongs to the second half of the 20th century. Due to the rapidly increasing knowledge about sleep, including the growth of the research field chronobiology from about 1960 and the discoveries of REM sleep (1952–53) and sleep apnea (first described in the medical literature in 1965), the medical importance of sleep was recognized. The medical community began paying more attention than previously to primary sleep disorders, such as sleep apnea, as well as the role and quality of sleep in other conditions. By the 1970s in the US, and in many western nations within the two following decades, clinics and laboratories devoted to the study of sleep and the treatment of its disorders had been founded. Most sleep doctors were primarily concerned with apnea; some were experts in narcolepsy. There was as yet nothing to restrict the use of the title "sleep doctor," and a need for standards arose.
Basic medical training has paid little attention to sleep problems; according to Benca in her review "Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Insomnia" (2005), most doctors are "not well trained with respect to sleep and sleep disorders," and a survey in 1990–91 of 37 American medical schools showed that sleep and sleep disorders were "covered" in less than two (2) hours of total teaching time, on average. Benca's review cites a 2002 survey by Papp et al. of more than 500 primary care physicians who self-reported their knowledge of sleep disorders as follows: Excellent – 0%; Good – 10%, Fair – 60%; and Poor – 30%. The review of more than 50 studies indicates that both doctors and patients appear reluctant to discuss sleep complaints, in part because of perceptions that treatments for insomnia are ineffective or associated with risks, and:
Also, an editorial in the American College of Chest Physicians' (pulmonologists') journal "CHEST" in 1999 was quite concerned about the "Conundrums in Sleep Medicine". The author, then chair of her organization's Sleep Section, asked "What is required to set up a sleep laboratory? Money and a building! Anyone can open a sleep laboratory, and it seems that just about everyone is." On the accreditation process for sleep laboratories, she continues: "This accreditation, however, is currently not required by most states, or more importantly, by most insurance carriers for reimbursements... There is also an American Board of Sleep Medicine (ABSM) that certifies individuals as sleep specialists. This certification presumably makes those individuals more qualified to run a sleep laboratory; however, the certification is not required to run a laboratory or to read sleep studies." Her concern at the turn of the century was:
In the UK, knowledge of sleep medicine and possibilities for diagnosis and treatment seem to lag. Guardian.co.uk quotes the director of the Imperial College Healthcare Sleep Centre: "One problem is that there has been relatively little training in sleep medicine in this country – certainly there is no structured training for sleep physicians." The Imperial College Healthcare site shows attention to obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSA) and very few other disorders, specifically not including insomnia.
Training and certification.
Worldwide.
The World Federation of Sleep Research & Sleep Medicine Societies (WFSRSMS) was founded in 1987. As its name implies, members are concerned with basic and clinical research as well as medicine. Member societies in the Americas are the American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM), the Sleep Research Society of the United States (SRS), the Canadian Sleep Society (CSS) and the Federation of Latin American Sleep Societies (FLASS). WFSRSMS publishes the "Journal of Sleep Research", the "Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine", "SLEEP" and "Sleep and Biological Rhythms" and promotes both sleep research and physician training and education.
Africa.
The Colleges of Medicine of South Africa (CMSA) provide the well-defined specialty Diploma in Sleep Medicine of the College of Neurologists of South Africa: DSM(SA), which was first promulgated by the Health Professions Council in 2007. The newly formed South African Society of Sleep Medicine (SASSM) was launched at its inaugural congress in February 2010. The society's membership is diverse; it includes general practitioners, ENT surgeons, pulmonologists, cardiologists, endocrinologists and psychiatrists.
Asia.
WFSRSMS members in Asia include the Australasian Sleep Association (ASA) of New Zealand and Australia and the Asian Sleep Research Society (ASRS), an umbrella organization for the societies of several Asian nations.
Europe.
The European Sleep Research Society (ESRS) is a member of the WFSRSMS. The Assembly of National Sleep Societies (ANSS), which includes both medical and scientific organizations from 26 countries as of 2007, is a formal body of the ESRS. The ESRS has published "European Accreditation Guidelines for SMCs" (Sleep Medicine Centres), the first of several proposed guidelines to coordinate and promote sleep science and medicine in Europe.
United States.
The American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM), founded in 1978, administered the certification process and sleep medicine examination for doctors until 1990. Its independent daughter entity the American Board of Sleep Medicine (ABSM) was incorporated in 1991 and took over the aforementioned responsibilities. As of 2007, the ABSM ceased administering its examination, as it conceded that an examination process recognized by the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS) was advantageous to the field. Candidates who passed the ABSM exam in 1978–2006 retain lifetime certification as Diplomates of that organization.
The American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology (ABPN), and the corresponding boards of Internal Medicine, of Pediatrics, and of Otolaryngology (ear, nose and throat, ENT) now administer collectively the Sleep Medicine Certification exam for their members. Each board supervises the required 12 months of formal training for its candidates, while the exam is administered to all of them at the same time in the same place. For the first five years, 2007–2011, during "grandfathering," there was a "practice pathway" for ABSM certified specialists while additional, coordinated requirements were to be added after 2011. The ABPN provides information about the pathways, requirements and the exam on its website. Additionally, there are currently four boards of the American Osteopathic Association Bureau of Osteopathic Specialists that administer Sleep Medicine Certification exams. The American Osteopathic boards of Family Medicine, Internal Medicine, Neurology & Psychiatry, and Ophthalmology & Otolaryngology grant certificates of added qualification to qualified candidate physicians.
Sleep medicine is now a recognized subspecialty within anesthesiology, internal medicine, family medicine, pediatrics, otolaryngology, psychiatry and neurology in the US. Certification in Sleep Medicine by the several "Member Boards" of the ABMS shows that the specialist:
Pulmonologists, already subspecialists within internal medicine, may be accepted to sit for the board and be certified in Sleep Medicine after just a six-month fellowship, building on their knowledge of sleep-related breathing problems, rather than the usual twelve-month fellowship required of other specialists.
Sleep dentistry (bruxism, snoring and sleep apnea), while not recognized as one of the nine dental specialties, qualifies for board-certification by the American Board of Dental Sleep Medicine (ABDSM). The resulting Diplomate status is recognized by the AASM, and these dentists are organized in the Academy of Dental Sleep Medicine (USA). The qualified dentists collaborate with sleep doctors at accredited sleep centers and can provide several types of oral appliances or upper airway surgery to treat or manage sleep-related breathing disorders as well as tooth-grinding and clenching.
Laboratories for sleep-related breathing disorders are accredited by the AASM, and are required to follow the "Code of Medical Ethics" of the American Medical Association. The new and very detailed "Standards for Accreditation" are available online. Sleep disorder centers, or clinics, are accredited by the same body, whether hospital-based, university-based or "freestanding"; they are required to provide testing and treatment for "all" sleep disorders and to have on staff a sleep specialist who has been certified by the American Board of Sleep Medicine and otherwise meet similar standards.
Diagnostic methods.
The taking of a thorough medical history while keeping in mind alternative diagnoses and the possibility of more than one ailment in the same patient is the first step. Symptoms for very different sleep disorders may be similar and it must be determined whether any psychiatric problems are primary or secondary.
The patient history includes previous attempts at treatment and coping and a careful medication review. Differentiation of transient from chronic disorders and primary from secondary ones influences the direction of evaluation and treatment plans.
The Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), designed to give an indication of sleepiness and correlated with sleep apnea, or other questionnaires designed to measure excessive daytime sleepiness, are diagnostic tools that can be used repeatedly to measure results of treatment.
A sleep diary, also called sleep log or sleep journal, kept by a patient at home for at least two weeks, while subjective, may help determine the extent and nature of sleep disturbance and the level of alertness in the normal environment. A parallel journal kept by a parent or bed partner, if any, can also be helpful. Sleep logs also can be used for self-monitoring and in connection with behavioral and other treatment. The image at the top of this page, with nighttime in the middle and the weekend in the middle, shows a layout that can aid in noticing trends
An actigraph unit is a motion-sensing device worn on the wrist, generally for one week. It gives a gross picture of sleep-wake cycles and is often used to verify the sleep diary. It is cost-efficient when full polysomnography is not required.
Polysomnography is performed in a sleep laboratory while the patient sleeps, preferably at his or her usual sleeping time. The polysomnogram (PSG) objectively records sleep stages and respiratory events. It shows multiple channels of electroencephalogram (EEG), electrooculogram (EOG), electrocardiogram (ECG), nasal and oral airflow, abdominal, chest and leg movements and blood oxygen levels. A single part of a polysomnogram is sometimes measured at home with portable equipment, for example oximetry, which records blood oxygen levels throughout the night. Polysomnography is not routinely used in the evaluation of patients with insomnia or circadian rhythm disorders, except as needed to rule out other disorders. It will usually be a definitive test for sleep apnea.
A Multiple Sleep Latency Test (MSLT) is often performed during the entire day after polysomnography while the electrodes and other equipment are still in place. The patient is given nap opportunities every second hour; the test measures the number of minutes it takes from the start of a daytime nap period to the first signs of sleep. It is a measure of daytime sleepiness; it also shows whether REM sleep is achieved in a short nap, a typical indication of narcolepsy.
Imaging studies may be performed if a patient is to be evaluated for neurodegenerative disease or to determine the obstruction in obstructive sleep apnea.
Treatments.
When sleep complaints are secondary to pain, other medical or psychiatric diagnoses, or substance abuse, it may be necessary to treat both the underlying cause and the sleep problems.
When the underlying cause of sleep problems is not immediately obvious, behavioral treatments are usually the first suggested. These range from patient education about sleep hygiene to cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). Studies of both younger and older adults</ref> have compared CBT to medication and found that CBT should be considered a first-line and cost-effective intervention for chronic insomnia, not least because gains may be maintained at long-term follow-up. Sleep physicians and psychologists, at least in the US, are not in agreement about who should perform CBT nor whether sleep centers should be required to have psychologists on staff. In the UK the number of CBT-trained therapists is limited so CBT is not widely available on the NHS.
Behavioral therapies include progressive relaxation, stimulus control (to reassociate the bed with sleepiness), limiting time-in-bed to increase sleep efficiency and debunking misconceptions about sleep.
Pharmacology is necessary for some conditions. Medication may be useful for acute insomnia and for some of the parasomnias. It is almost always needed, along with scheduled short naps and close follow-up, in the treatment of narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia.
Chronic circadian rhythm disorders, the most common of which is delayed sleep phase disorder, may be managed by specifically timed bright light therapy, timed oral administration of the hormone melatonin, and/or chronotherapy. Stimulants may also be prescribed. When these therapies are unsuccessful, counseling may be indicated to help a person adapt to and live with the condition. People with these disorders who have chosen a lifestyle in conformity with their sleeping schedules have no need of treatment, though they may need the diagnosis in order to avoid having to meet for appointments or meetings during their sleep time.
Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) machines and oral appliances are used nightly at home to manage sleep-related breathing disorders such as apnea. In some cases, upper airway surgery generally performed by an otolaryngologist/head & neck surgeon or occasionally an oral and maxillofacial surgeon is indicated. In mild cases in obese people, weight reduction may be sufficient. The treatments prevent airway collapse, which interrupts breathing during sleep. A 2001 study published by Hans-Werner Gessmann in the Journal of Sleep Medicine and Sleep Psychology found that patients who practiced a series of electrical stimulations of suprahyoidal tongue muscles for 20 minutes a day showed a marked decline in sleep apnea symptoms after two months. Patients experienced an average of 36% fewer apnea episodes after successfully completing the treatments. 

</doc>
<doc id="9690091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690091" title="Rabbitpox">
Rabbitpox

Rabbitpox is a disease of rabbits caused by a virus of the genus "Orthopoxvirus" and the family "Poxviridae". Rabbitpox was first isolated at the Rockefeller Institute in New York in 1933, following a series of epidemics in the laboratory rabbits. It is an acute disease only known to infect laboratory rabbits as no cases have been reported in wild rabbits; it also cannot infect humans.
History.
Rabbitpox has not been recognised in wild rabbits, however a few outbreaks have been reported in the USA since 1930.
Infection.
"Rabbitpox virus" is a highly infectious airborne agent, which spreads very rapidly through laboratories which contain rabbits causing a high rate of mortality. Because of the edematous condition, “poxless” rabbitpox may be confused with myxomatosis. The virus may be isolated or the infection diagnosed serologically by methods appropriate to vaccinia. Spread through a rabbitry is rapid, but rabbits inoculated with smallpox vaccine are immune.
Rabbitpox virus is closely related immunologically to vaccinia virus, consequently rabbits that have been inoculated with the smallpox (vaccinia virus) vaccine have immunity against rabbitpox.
Danger to humans.
Rabbitpox virus does not infect humans.

</doc>
<doc id="9690098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690098" title="Epic Conditions">
Epic Conditions

Epic Conditions is a non-fiction television series shown on The Weather Channel that premiered on Sunday, March 4, 2007. The show's main emphasis to show viewers about how weather can affect athletic and sports events. Epic Conditions and WeatherVentures launched as The Weather Channel's first HD programs on Monday, October 1, 2007 - HD studio shows would not start until eight months later.

</doc>
<doc id="9690128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690128" title="DVD Flick">
DVD Flick

DVD Flick is an open source DVD authoring application for Windows developed by Dennis Meuwissen and released under the GNU General Public License. DVD Flick is capable of importing audio tracks, video files and subtitles, composing a DVD-Video movie and burning it to a disc – or creating an ISO image for later burning.
DVD Flick official website asserts that DVD Flick supports 53 container formats, 42 different types of audio codecs and 72 different types of video codecs, including but not limited to Windows Media formats, RealMedia, QuickTime, AVI, Flash Video and various MPEG-compliant formats. DVD Flick is also capable of importing four subtitle formats, namely "SubStation Alpha" (.ssa/.ass), "MicroDVD" (.sub), "SubRip" (.srt) and "SubView".
Although DVD Flick does not feature video editing capabilities, it can read and interpret AviSynth scripts and create simple menus. DVD Flick uses FFmpeg to encode DVD-Video.
DVD Flick features direct stream copy for DVD-compliant MPEG-2 video streams only, but such a feature is not available for audio streams, meaning audio streams are always re-encoded in the process of DVD creation.
PC World has praised DVD Flick, awarding it a rating of 5 out of 5. CNET Reviews and PC Magazine have not yet published a review about this product.

</doc>
<doc id="9690138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690138" title="Offutt">
Offutt

Offutt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9690159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690159" title="Violet (name)">
Violet (name)

Violet is a given name for girls which comes from the eponymous flower. As with other such names, its popularity has varied dramatically over time. Flower names were commonly used from about 1880 through about 1910 in the United States, with usage dropping throughout the next 80 years or so; "Violet" was the 88th most frequent girls' given name in 1900, dropping below position 1000 by 1960. In 1990, the name appeared again in the top 1000 at position 289 and subsequently increased in popularity; it was the 89th most popular girls' name in 2012. 
The cognates in other languages are "Viola", "Violeta, Violetta", or "Violette". These are also common girls' given names, whose popularity varies by time and country.

</doc>
<doc id="9690168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690168" title="Jordan Black">
Jordan Black

Jordan Black may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9690185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690185" title="1961 in Northern Ireland">
1961 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9690192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690192" title="George M. Darrow">
George M. Darrow

George McMillan Darrow (1889-1983) was known as the foremost American authority on strawberries. He worked for the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA-ARS) for forty-six years (1911-1957) as a pomologist and small fruits breeder. 
Life and career.
Darrow was born on a dairy farm in Springfield, Vermont on February 2, 1889. He graduated from Middlebury College with a BA in 1910 and from Cornell University with an MA in horticulture in 1911. In his career with the USDA-ARS from 1911-1957 he authored over 230 published works. While the bulk of his career was spent in Maryland (Glenn Dale and later Beltsville), in the late 1920s-early 1930s he initiated the small fruit breeding programs in Oregon for the USDA. While he is predominantly known for his strawberry breeding, he had an impact on all small fruit crops including, blackberry, raspberry, and blueberry as well as with his personal passion for daylilies. In the late 1920s, Darrow began tracking down reports of a large, reddish-purple berry that had been grown on the northern California farm of a man named Rudolph Boysen. Darrow enlisted the help of Walter Knott, a Southern California farmer who was known as a berry expert. Knott had never heard of the new berry, but he agreed to help Darrow in his search. 
Darrow and Knott learned that Boysen had abandoned his growing experiments several years earlier and sold his farm. Undaunted by this news, Darrow and Knott headed out to Boysen's old farm, on which they found several frail vines surviving in a field choked with weeds. They transplanted the vines to Knott's farm in Buena Park, California, where he nurtured them back to fruit-bearing health. Walter Knott was the first to commercially cultivate the berry in southern California. He began selling the berries at his farm stand in 1932 and soon noticed that people kept returning to buy the large, tasty berries. When asked what they were called, Knott said, "Boysenberries," after their originator. His family's small restaurant and pie business eventually grew into Knott's Berry Farm. As the berry's popularity grew, Mrs. Knott began making preserves, which ultimately made Knott's Berry Farm famous.
In 1956-1957 he surveyed the native strawberries of Chile and collected germplasm in Andean South America. After he retired in 1957 he co-wrote his classic book "The Strawberry: History, Breeding and Physiology" which was published in 1966. The three chapters on strawberry history were written by D. Vivian Lee. It is available online via the National Agricultural Library. He died in 1983 in Maryland.
References.
2. "George McMillan Darrow Papers" (2001). National Agricultural Library. Special Collections. Retrieved December 5, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9690225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690225" title="The Strongest Man in the World">
The Strongest Man in the World

The Strongest Man in the World is a 1975 Disney film starring Kurt Russell, still a student in the fictional Medfield College. It is the sequel to the 1972 film "Now You See Him, Now You Don't", itself a sequel to the 1969 film, "The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes".
Plot.
Medfield College's Dean Higgins (Joe Flynn) is being fired for financial mismanagement because of extreme over-spending by Prof. Quigley's science class. Higgins finds out the high costs are for renting a cow to experiment on; they are feeding it various concoctions to make it fatter. In a rage, Higgins fires Quigley (yet again) then threatens to have his entire class thrown out of college. When the dean slams the door as he leaves, Dexter Riley's (Kurt Russell) chemical experiment mixes with that of another student, Richard Schuyler's vitamin cereal mix.
When the cow eats some of the cereal into which the mixture has leaked, the students learn that the cereal gave the cow the ability to produce a huge supply of milk, over 80 gallons. When Dexter eats it the next morning he gains super-strength, as does the fraternity house's pet dog who, after eating some leftovers, smashes down the door and chases after a Doberman that was growling at him. While walking to the college, Dexter accidentally bends a street lamp, then on the basketball court shatters the hoop. 
Dexter shows the dean and Quigley his super-strength by picking up an obese kid in a chair with the right hand and Schuyler with the left. Amazed, Higgins jumps on this as an opportunity to get Medfield out of its financial slump and keep the Board of Regents from firing him. Higgins then takes the formula-laced cereal to the board of the Crumply Crunch cereal company. Higgins demonstrates this to the board and the president by eating some and lifting weights with one finger and smashing tables in half. They all decide to advertise the powers of the formula cereal by challenging Krinkle Krunch, a rival cereal company run by Krinkle (Phil Silvers), to a competition between their sponsored weight-lifting team and Medfield's to see which cereal can give the other greater strength. Krinkle sponsors the well-funded State College.
Of course, Krinkle has a mole on the inside who tells the Krinkle president about the formula. Hearing this, he hires A.J. Arno (Cesar Romero) and some of his goons just released from prison to steal it. They break in, but are almost caught before they can get it. They then kidnap Schuyler (as no one knows that Dexter's chemical was the vital ingredient of the formula, rather than Schuyler's vitamins). They take him to Chinatown where they use Chinese torture and hypnotism to get the formula. They then hypnotize him to return home and not tell what happened to him. This accidentally causes him to steal a police car, leading to a car chase which gets him thrown in jail. Fortunately, without Dexter's chemical added in, the formula Krinkle Krunch has in the cereal does not give super-strength; when the Krinkle president tries it he ends up breaking his hand. While he berates the mole on the phone, the mole realizes that if they do not know that the formula does not work, then Medfield does not know either and will lose the weight-lifting competition.
On the day of the contest, both teams eat their company's cereal then begin lifting large weights. With Krinkle's team full of large Herculean body builders and Medfield's team without super-strength, they will surely lose. Then Dexter realizes it was his formula that gave the cereal super-strength; he sets off to the lab to get it, taking the Dean's beautiful but slow vintage car. When he finally gets there, he is confronted by Arno and ten of his goons. By drinking some of the formula, Dexter is able to beat up all the men, then use the Krinkle mole to strike A.J. Arno and his men down like bowling pins. He hears on the radio than he must return to the contest in four minutes or forfeit. He adds some formula to the car's fuel tank, which makes it race off at high speed, shedding parts as it goes. He makes it in time to compete last, but the car is a complete wreck, to the dean's horror.
Medfield is losing badly, but Dexter uses the last of his super-strength to lift the 1111 pound weight and win it for Crumply Crunch and Medfield. Higgins and Quigley get to keep their jobs, Arno is imprisoned yet again and the scheming Krinkle president breaks his hand again.
Joe Flynn.
"The Strongest Man in the World" was the final film appearance of character actor Joe Flynn. Flynn died of a sudden heart attack in July 1974 after principal filming for "The Strongest Man in the World" had been completed. The film was released posthumously six months later.
Reception.
The movie received a mixed reception.

</doc>
<doc id="9690239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690239" title="Panhard EBR">
Panhard EBR

The Panhard EBR (Panhard "Engin Blindé de Reconnaissance", French: Armored Reconnaissance Vehicle) is an armoured car designed by Panhard for the French Army and later used across the globe, notably by the French Army during the Algerian War and the Portuguese Army during the Portuguese Colonial War in Angola, Mozambique and Guinea-Bissau.
Description.
The EBR is an 8x8 wheeled reconnaissance vehicle designed before the Second World War, but with production only commencing afterwards, with over 1200 vehicles being manufactured after 1954. While being lightly armoured, the EBR was armed with the 90 mm FL-11 or 75 mm cannon known as the FL-10 or L/48 in a novel oscillating turret and supported by up to four 7.5 mm machine guns, one co-axial, one operated by the driver, one by the co-driver and one by the commander, though the latter was not found on all EBRs. The EBR had a crew of four (including two in the turret), and was powered by a 6 liter 12HD horizontally opposed air-cooled 12-cylinder engine (with dual carburetors and 6.6:1 compression, enabling it to run on low-octane petrol). Based on Panhard's two-cylinder automobile engine, it was mounted under the floor of the fighting compartment, which had the unfortunate effect of requiring the turret to be removed to conduct major engine repairs.
Designed in 1951 by Panhard, OBE used a symmetrical front and rear with two drivers positions. The EBR can reach speeds of on -wide, -diameter wheels with Michelin tyres and Veil-Picard tubes, which feature a series of nitrogen-filled cells, enabling them to absorb bullet hits and not go flat. The armoured hull is mounted on an 8-wheel drive, with 4 inner metal wheels, which can be raised for driving on the road. The four central wheels have aluminum rims with steel grousers, separated by rubber blocks; with all eight wheels deployed, ground pressure is only "per" .
The 1954 model improves armaments with a lengthened 75 mm barrel, giving a muzzle velocity of 1000 m/s. Finally, the 1963 version further strengthens firepower with a 90 mm gun.
Particulars.
France has, since 1935, engaged in the manufacture and use of a prolific line of wheeled armored reconnaissance vehicles armed with weapons with an anti-tank capability. This being the result of reforms initiated by the Light Mechanized Divisions (DLM).
French tactical doctrine required reconnaissance elements to cover and range over a large and extensive battlefield, especially within the context of the slow and high maintenance tanks of the time. Also of note is the way that tanks are best deployed, massed and concentrated, which prevents their dispersion for safety and for screening.
So it is a particular trait with French reconnaissance vehicles to be heavily armed. From the prewar MD 178 armed with an anti-tank gun of 47 mm, (which was for the period a significant caliber for such a small vehicle) to the direct successor of the EBR, the AMX 10 RC, also used for wheeled reconnaissance, and armed with a powerful 105 mm gun with automatic firing, firepower equal to a main battle tank of the 1980s. A pattern repeated in the AML 90 and the ERC 90 Sagaie.
These reconnaissance systems are not only aimed at discovery and investigation (missions that can be fulfilled by lighter vehicles with lighter weapons), but also with security missions upon the battlefield (for example flank-security and offensive protection) which requires a substantial firepower not only to destroy the enemy advance elements, but also to oppose armoured incursions.
A turretless Panhard EBR vehicle carried the coffin of the late French president Charles de Gaulle at his state funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="9690255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690255" title="Symphony No. 4 (Claudio Prieto)">
Symphony No. 4 (Claudio Prieto)

The 4th Symphony "Martín y Soler" of Claudio Prieto was composed in 2006 as a commission from the Orquesta de Valencia, which premiered it on February 23, 2007 with Antoni Ros-Marbà conducting the ensemble. 
The Symphony is made up of a single 50' long movement and was composed as a tribute to Valencian composer Vicente Martín y Soler, evoking his time's aesthetic while raising Prieto's personal view of the projection of his figure, both in artistic and biographic terms.

</doc>
<doc id="9690268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690268" title="John Bennet, 1st Baron Ossulston">
John Bennet, 1st Baron Ossulston

John Bennet, 1st Baron Ossulston (1616 - 11 February 1695) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1663 to 1679. He was created Baron Ossulston in 1682.
Life.
Bennet was the eldest son of Sir John Bennet of Dawley, Harlington, Middlesex and his wife Dorothy Crofts. He was baptised on 5 July 1616. He matriculated at Pembroke College, Oxford on 24 April 1635, aged about 17 and was a student of Gray's Inn in 1636. In 1658, he succeeded his father to the estate of Dawley. He was made a Knight of the Bath on 23 April 1661 at the coronation of Charles II. He was captain of band of gentlemen pensioners.
In 1663 Bennet was elected Member of Parliament for Wallingford in a by-election to the Cavalier Parliament. He was created Lord Ossulston, Baron Ossulston on 24 November 1682.
Lord Ossulton died at the age of about 78 and was buried at Harlington.
Family.
Bennet was married twice, first to Elizabeth, widow of Edmund Sheffield, 2nd Earl of Mulgrave and daughter of Lionel Cranfield, 1st Earl of Middlesex and his wife Elizabeth Shepherd. They had no children. His second wife was Bridget Howe, daughter of John Grubham Howe of Langar and his wife Annabella Scrope, daughter of Emanuel Scrope, 1st Earl of Sunderland. They had two children Charles, who was given the title Earl of Tankerville and Annabella (1682–1698). Bennet was the elder brother of Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington.

</doc>
<doc id="9690292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690292" title="Fleet Canuck">
Fleet Canuck

The Fleet Model 80 Canuck is a Canadian light aircraft featuring two seats in side-by-side configuration. The Canuck was designed for the flight training, personal use and light commercial roles. A total of 225 Canucks were built by two manufacturers during its thirteen-year production run, with the majority being built by Fleet Aircraft between 1945 and 1947.
Design and development.
The Canuck originated with the Noury N-75, designed by Bob Noury which first flew in 1944 at Mount Hope, Ontario. The "home-built" N-75 was a conventional high-wing monoplane design with a welded-steel fuselage and tail surfaces with fabric covering, looking not unlike a Piper Cub. However, the side-by-side seating in the original design was unusual for aircraft of its time even though it was a far better arrangement for instruction. Noury also experimented with a tandem-seat arrangement on a following prototype but had only built three aircraft when he sold the Noury N-75 rights to the Fleet Aircraft Company in 1945.
Fleet undertook some minor design changes, principally relocating the fuel tank, adding a skylight above the cabin, lowering the front fuselage profile and replacing the original Continental C-75 with a slightly more powerful C-85 engine. The Noury N-75 was tested in its new configuration; it first flew on 26 September 1945 with Fleet Test Pilot Tommy Williams at the controls. Following modifications to the fin to increase its size, the prototype, newly renamed, emerged as the Fleet Model 80 Canuck, and entered production.
Operational history.
Although the aircraft were well built, strong performers and versatile; able to be flown with floats or skis to increase its utility, after a spurt in sales, they did not sell well. In trying to market the Fleet Canuck as either a private aircraft or a trainer, there were several obstacles: 
After initial sales to flying clubs, charter companies and private owners began to falter, Fleet ran into financial problems. In 1947, Canuck production by Fleet was terminated. Over the next ten years a number of aircraft were built up from components by Leavens Brothers in Toronto with total series production finishing at 224 in 1958. Several have been re-engined with the Continental O-200.
In September 2010 there were 77 Canucks registered in Canada with Transport Canada.
Aircraft on display.
In 1995, the Royal Canadian Mint issued Coin #11, a $20 silver commemorative coin in its aviation series, recognizing the Fleet 80 Canuck and its original designer, J. Omer Noury, featured in a gold-inlay cameo insert.

</doc>
<doc id="9690309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690309" title="1960 in Northern Ireland">
1960 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9690310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690310" title="Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh">
Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh

Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh (, lit. "Vineyard in Yavne Yeshiva") is a major yeshiva in Israel near the city of Ashdod and adjacent to Kvutzat Yavne, named after the Biblical Yavne nearby.
History & Ideology.
Founded in 1953, Kerem BeYavneh was the first Yeshivat Hesder. The first Rosh Yeshiva of Kerem B'Yavneh was the renowned scholar Rabbi Chaim Yaakov Goldvicht. Following his retirement, Goldvicht was succeeded by Rabbi Mordechai Greenberg, himself an alumnus of the yeshiva. During Pesach 5773 the Yeshivah announced that Harav Benzion Elgazi will be appointed Mishneh Li-Rosh Yeshivah (assistant rosh yeshivah). The Yeshivah also announced that Rabbi Michael Rosensweig will be visiting the Yeshivah for Elul Zman, with the intention of possibly becoming the future Rosh Yeshivah. Elul Zman began on August 7, 2013, with Rabbi Rosensweig carrying out some of the functions of Rosh Yeshivah.
Like most Yeshivot Hesder, Kerem B'Yavneh is a religious Zionist institution, advocating the position that the State of Israel is a concrete step forward in the coming of the final redemption. It also has an open outlook towards western culture, both with faculty holding university degrees and students attending university.
Structure and enrollment.
Programs within the yeshiva include a Hesder track, a gap-year for overseas students and a "Kollel Ledayanut" (a Kollel for training of religious court judges).
The yeshiva has an enrollment of around 450 students, including students from Israel and from overseas, most of whom reside in dormitories on campus. Overseas students come mainly from the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada, but also other countries.
Notable alumni.
A number of the staff at RIETS studied at the yeshiva, including:
Kerem B'Yavneh is also the alma mater of Yigal Amir (Yitzhak Rabin's assassin). Following the assassination, one of the yeshiva's lecturers Rabbi David Kav was questioned alongside Rabbi Nahum Rabinovitch of Ma'ale Adumim Yeshiva and Rabbi Shmuel Dvir of Har Etzion Yeshiva on the suspicion that they had sanctioned the killing. Rabbi David Kav was released unconditionally after questioning and ultimately no charges were pressed against any of the rabbis.

</doc>
<doc id="9690325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690325" title="New York Life Insurance Building, Chicago">
New York Life Insurance Building, Chicago

__NOTOC__
The New York Life Insurance Building is a 14 story building at 39 South LaSalle Street in the Loop neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois. Designed by William Le Baron Jenney, it was completed as a 12 story structure in 1894 at a cost of US$800,000. In 1898, Jenney designed a addition to the east of the original structure. This expanded the Monroe Street facade to . The addition contained 13 floors and an additional floor was added to the first structure. The expansion also added an entrance on Monroe Street and enlarged the lobby. In 1903, a fourteenth floor was added bring the building to its current height.
The building is faced with brick and terra cotta trim in the classical style. Prior to the additions, a cornice and parapet encircled the top, however these were removed to accommodate the expansion. The lobby retains its white and gray marble cladding and mosaic tile floor. Light fixtures are deco and appear to be from the 1920s.
The building had been given a preliminary landmark status in 2002, but in 2006, Preservation Chicago considered the building one of Chicago's most threatened. In June of that year a company submitted an application to the Chicago Plan Commission including plans to renovate the structure and build 29 South LaSalle, an adjacent 51 story office building. Later that month, the building was declared an official Chicago landmark, amended in 2009.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9690326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690326" title="Exit 0">
Exit 0

Exit 0 is the second album from country singer-songwriter Steve Earle, credited to Steve Earle & The Dukes, his backing band. It was released in 1987. Earle was nominated for two 1988 Grammy Awards for songs on the album, Best Male Country Vocalist for "Exit 0" and Best Country Song for "Nowhere Road".
The album was recorded digitally, using the Mitsubishi X-800 at Nashville's Emerald Studios. All of the album's ten tracks were written or co-written by Earle. Earle and his band played live shows regularly during breaks in recording.
"Exit 0" is stylistically very similar to its predecessor, "Guitar Town", and was Earle's final pure-country album before incorporating hard rock with country on his next releases. It is today described by Allmusic as "livelier stuff than nearly anyone in Nashville was cranking out at the time".
Track listing.
All songs written by Steve Earle unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
The Dukes:
With:

</doc>
<doc id="9690344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690344" title="Diamonds Affair">
Diamonds Affair

The diamonds affair, known in France as "l'affaire des diamants", was a major political scandal in the 5th French Republic. In 1973, the then Minister of Finance, president Valéry Giscard d'Estaing was offered two diamonds from the Central Africa Emperor, and notorious dictator, Bokassa I. The affair was unveiled by the satiric newspaper "Le Canard Enchaîné" on October 10, 1979. It contributed to Giscard's losing the 1981 presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="9690351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690351" title="Mount Cammerer">
Mount Cammerer

Mount Cammerer is a mountain on the northeastern fringe of the Great Smoky Mountains, in the Southeastern United States. The mountain is situated on the state line between Cocke County, Tennessee and Haywood County, North Carolina. The Appalachian Trail traverses Cammerer's south slope and a restored fire lookout at the summit offers panoramic views of the eastern Smokies, Cocke County, and the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Although a narrow ridge connects Mt. Cammerer to a nearby higher knob, leaving Cammerer with a very low topographic prominence, the mountain is clearly visible not only from the surrounding mountains, but from various points in the town of Cosby and along I-40 as it crosses Cocke County. Mt. Cammerer is a popular hiking destination, especially in Autumn, when the leaves of the trees in the forest around the mountain blaze red, orange and yellow for as far as the eye can
see.
Geology.
Mt. Cammerer is composed of Thunderhead sandstone, a type of rock common throughout the Great Smokies. Thunderhead sandstone, part of the Ocoee Supergroup, was formed from precambrian ocean sediments approximately one billion years ago. The Greenbrier Fault, which crosses the mountain's northern and eastern slopes, thrust the Thunderhead sandstone over the Rich Butt sandstone during the Paleozoic era. Approximately 200 million years, the North American and African plates collided in the Appalachian orogeny, thrusting the rock upward.
One of Cammerer's key characteristics is the outcropping of contorted quartzite rock at the summit.
History.
Mount Cammerer was named for Arno B. Cammerer, Director of the National Park Service (1933–1940) and an instrumental figure in establishing a national park in the Great Smoky Mountains. Before its renaming, Mt. Cammerer was known as "White Rock," referring to the bright white rocks that burst through the treeline at the summit. On some North Carolina maps, Mt. Cammerer is called "Sharptop". At least one story tells of a lightning blast that cut a hole in the summit, leaving a pool of water that attracted ravens. 
Throughout the late-19th century and early 20th-century, moonshining was rampant in the area around Mt. Cammerer, as what was then a virgin wilderness provided the perfect cover for the illegal stills. Most residents in the area, however, were law-abiding mountain farmers, as described in local resident Mary Bell Smith's "In the Shadow of the White Rock". Ella Costner, designated by the state of Tennessee as the "poet laureate of the Smokies," was born in the area of what is today the Cosby Campground, at the base of Mt. Cammerer. In 1934, the Civilian Conservation Corps built a camp at the base of the mountain, and constructed most of the trails and overlooks in the area.
The lookout at the summit of Mt. Cammerer was built by the CCC in 1937, using nearby rock and timber (other materials had to be hauled up the mountain). The tower was manned by a fire ranger until the 1960s, after which it fell into disrepair before being restored in 1996.
Access.
The quickest route to the summit of Mt. Cammerer is to ascend the Low Gap Trail from the Cosby Campground to the Appalachian Trail at Low Gap. From Low Gap, it's just over two miles (3 km) to the Mt. Cammerer Trail, which follows the ridge a half-mile or so to the summit. The total distance from the Cosby Campground to the summit is just over five miles (8 km).
The Lower Mount Cammerer Trail follows the mountain's northern base over a seven-mile (11 km) up-and-down trail before intersecting the Appalachian Trail near Davenport Gap. Most hikers who use this route make the following loop: Cosby Campground + Lower Mount Cammerer Trail + Appalachian Trail + Cosby Campground. The Appalachian Trail intersects the Mount Cammerer tower trail along this route. The total distance, including the tower trail, is appx. .
Multiple hiking trails, horse trails, and walkways intersect at the Cosby Campground, which can lead to confusion. From the parking lot (near the campground), one path leads east to the Lower Mount Cammerer Trail. To reach the Low Gap Trail, simply follow the path parallel to Cosby Creek. Both trails are marked.
A less-common loop follows the mountain's south slope from the Big Creek Campground (Exit 451 on I-40): Big Creek Trail + Low Gap Trail + Appalachian Trail + Chestnut Branch Trail. This loop is also approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="9690369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690369" title="La Intrusa (Venezuelan telenovela)">
La Intrusa (Venezuelan telenovela)

La Intrusa (1987) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión. It was written by Ana Mercedes Escámez and Inés Rodena and directed by Luis Alberto Lamata. This telenovela lasted 234 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International. It is a remake of Radio Caracas Television's 1971 telenovela "La Usurpadora" which starred Marina Baura and Raul Amundaray. The story was also made remade by Televisa in 1998 and was called La Usurpadora which starred Gabriela Spanic and Fernando Colunga.
Synopsis.
The spoiled and insensitive Estrella de Rossi comes across a humble girl, Virginia, who is her spitting image; almost immediately a game occurs to her and, as a bit of mischief, she pays the girl to impersonate her. When she pulls this off successfully and no one notices the change, Estrella goes further and decides to take a year off to go out and live her life. She forces her double to accept this pact and the young village girl is left to assume the role of a rich and married woman, with a husband who is not really hers but who she ends up falling in love with. She will also face an alcoholic mother-in-law, stepchildren in need of attention and love, a company teetering on bankruptcy and above all, the eminent danger of discovery.

</doc>
<doc id="9690375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690375" title="Ridiculous Thoughts">
Ridiculous Thoughts

"Ridiculous Thoughts" is a song by The Cranberries, released as the fourth single from their second studio album "No Need to Argue". In North America, it was the third single of the album, as "I Can't Be With You" was released only in Fall 1995 in this territory.
Background and writing.
"Ridiculous Thoughts" was recorded at The Manor Studios, Oxford and Townhouse Studios, London, during the 1994 sessions for "No Need to Argue". The music for "Ridiculous Thoughts" was written by Dolores O'Riordan and Noel Hogan. 
The lyrics were written by O'Riordan about her problems with British press and journalists. It was produced and engineered by Stephen Street.
Single release and chart performance.
"Ridiculous Thoughts" was released as a single in July 1995. It had mild success in Ireland reaching #23 and some success in both the UK and the U.S.
As most of the Cranberries' singles in the United States, a physical CD single was not released commercially, so it did not chart on the Billboard Hot 100. It did peak at number fourteen on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart, and number twenty in the UK.
Music video.
The video clip for "Ridiculous Thoughts" was directed on May 1995 by Samuel Bayer and later redone by the band, using the pseudonym "Freckles Flynn".
The band was shown in front of the freaks of a circus signs (monkey rodeo, rubber skin man, etc.) on a deserted location. It features a young Elijah Wood, who tries to follow some kind of radio signal (which seems to be guided by O'Riordan's voice), all around the ruins of a building.
O'Riordan stated that the band did not understand or identify with the concept that Bayer had shown in the video, and thus, they decided to redo it, mixing the original tape with live footage from their American Tour. The original version of the video was later included on "" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="9690377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690377" title="Tristram Shaw">
Tristram Shaw

Tristram Shaw (May 23, 1786 – March 14, 1843) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Hampton, New Hampshire in 1786. He completed preparatory studies there.
Shaw held several local offices in Exeter, New Hampshire before he was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1839-March 3, 1843). He died in Exeter in 1843, shortly after leaving Congress, and was buried in Bride Hill Cemetery in Hampton.

</doc>
<doc id="9690444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690444" title="Jordan Black (actor)">
Jordan Black (actor)

Jordan Black (born Gary Andre McCrory; November 9, 1970) is an American comedy writer and actor.
He was born in Kankakee, Illinois. Black has written for "Saturday Night Live" and starred in the Comedy Central show "Halfway Home" as Sebastian "C-Bass" Yates, an ex-convict for internet fraud. He also appeared as himself in a 2003 episode of "MADtv".
Black is also an alumnus of The Groundlings, a Los Angeles-based improvisational and sketch comedy troupe and theatre. Although he retired from the theatre's Main Stage Company in the mid-2000s, Black still comes back regularly to perform in The Groundlings’ all-improv shows "The Crazy Uncle Joe Show" and "Cookin' with Gas", and is also a teacher at the groundlings. He has made cameos on the NBC television show "Community" as the dean of City Community College, Dean Spreck.

</doc>
<doc id="9690445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690445" title="This Is It">
This Is It

This Is It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9690448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690448" title="Jose Compean">
Jose Compean

José Alonso Compeán (born in 1976) is a former United States Border Patrol Agent, convicted of shooting a non-compliant, illegal alien drug smuggler on the United States–Mexico border near El Paso, Texas, on February 17, 2005 and "obstructing justice by willfully defacing the crime scene". On 19 January 2009, President Bush commuted the sentences of both Ramos and Compean, effectively ending their prison term on March 20, 2009, and they were released on February 17, 2009.
Events.
Compeán was patrolling a section of border with Ramos when they spotted a man crossing the border. They stopped him in a van containing 743 pounds of marijuana, but he ran. Compeán said he thought the suspect had a gun and was going to shoot him so he fired at him first. His shot missed but his partner, hearing gunfire, fired in order to defend Compeán and hit the suspect in the buttocks. They lost sight of the man, but said they saw him on the Mexican side of the border. They did not believe he had been injured so they did not report the incident.
Trial and aftermath.
The two officers were arrested after the drug smuggler, Osvaldo Aldrete Dávila, filed a complaint against them. After a two-week jury trial, Compeán was found guilty on 11 counts, including discharging a firearm during the commission of a violent crime, which by itself carries a federally mandated 10-year minimum sentence. Without that charge, both agents involved would have received far shorter sentences. Instead, Compeán was sentenced to 12 years in prison, and his partner, Ignacio Ramos, was sentenced to 11 years in prison. Aldrete Dávila was granted immunity to testify against the two agents and received six border crossing visas to come to the United States and testify. 
The arrest, trial, conviction and imprisonment of Compeán and Ramos has created a firestorm of controversy from those opposing illegal immigration. Efforts have been launched in the United States Congress calling on President George W. Bush to pardon the two men. On 2007-12-06 a resolution was introduced in the Congress seeking to commute their sentences.
On November 15, 2007, Aldrete Dávila, the man shot by Ramos, was arrested at a border crossing in El Paso, Texas. A sealed indictment had been issued for his arrest on a variety of drug smuggling charges. According to the indictment, his alleged crimes occurred after he testified for the United States against the agents. If convicted he faces up to 40 years in prison.
Appeals.
The two men appealed their case to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans. On 28 July 2008 the Fifth Circuit court of appeals rejected the appeals of both Ramos and Compean.
Attorneys for Compeán and Ramos argued, that among other factors, Aldrete Dávila was improperly allowed to assert his rights against self-incrimination in the trial.
They charged that in the written immunity deal with prosecutors, he was given immunity against any charges thus removing the possibility of self-incrimination during Compeán's trial.
During oral arguments before the three-judge appeals panel, Judge E. Grady Jolly remarked that "For some reason, this one got out of hand it seems to me ... It does seem to me like the government overreacted here."
Following the hearing, United States Attorney Johnny Sutton released a statement defending his actions in prosecuting Compeán and Ramos. "Some in the media and on the Internet have tried to portray Agents Compean and Ramos as heroes but that narrative is false. The actions of Compean and Ramos in shooting an unarmed, fleeing suspect, destroying evidence, and engaging in a cover-up, are serious crimes."
Disposition (Sentence Commuted).
On January 19, 2009, President Bush commuted the sentences of Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos.

</doc>
<doc id="9690461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690461" title="Jerome Remick">
Jerome Remick

Jerome “Jerry” Hosmer Remick III (September 11, 1928 – March 1, 2005) was a Canadian numismatist, geologist and columnist for Canadian Coin News.
He had written more than 500 consecutive articles published in Canadian Coin News, dating back to 1978. These articles were related to municipal trade tokens, world paper money (more than 200 articles), and numerous book reviews. The same week that Remick died, two other Canadian luminaries died – Somer James and Earl Salterio, former President of the Royal Canadian Numismatic Association. In 2001, Remick was awarded the J. Douglas Ferguson medal at the Royal Canadian Numismatic Association convention in Quebec City.
Remick was born in Detroit, Michigan, on September 11, 1928. He died in his home in Québec City on March 1, 2005. His family has a long and proud history in the United States. His forebear Christian Remich had arrived in Maine by 1651 at about age 20, his country of origin unknown. This fact is proudly depicted on the reverse side of Jerry’s personal medal, showing a concept of a Remick family coat of arms and the inscription "Remich, Luxem-bourg to County York, Maine – 1651".
Successive generations of the Remick family made major contributions to the growth of their adopted country. Jerry’s grandfather, the original Jerome Hosmer Remick, was a famous music publisher and businessman in the late 19th century – early 20th century Detroit. His grandfather's company was one of the leading Tin Pan Alley publishing houses. The legendary George Gershwin worked as a song plugger for Jerome H. Remick in 1916.
Originally a stamp collector, Remick started collecting coins as a teenager, when his Aunt gave him a Newfoundland coin. The history of the coins is what intrigued Remick. This led to Remick’s numismatic contributions through his extensive numismatic writing and cataloguing. Remick was among the first collectors to inventory and list the coins of the British Commonwealth of Nations.
Jerry was also an ardent admirer and supporter of the Geological Association of Canada throughout his adult life. He spent his professional career with the of Quebec, as a geologist. Later in life, he became the principal benefactor of the Canadian Geological Foundation.
He was a founding member of the Royal Canadian Numismatic Association in 1950. Ten years later, he was one of the founding members of the Quebec Numismatic Society.
As a member of more than 70 clubs in 12 countries, he was also the founder of the Association of Personalized Medal Issuers (APMI). He struck nearly 200 personal medals, many of them Christmas issues, in three different metals since 1983.
Within the Royal Canadian Numismatic Association, he suggested or initiated a number of significant changes. He recommended establishing a fellowship, encouraged the RCNA to adopt a bilingual logo and suggested creating the Young Numismatists Kit. In 1994, he established a literary award for best article in a club newsletter.
Over more than 50 years, he encouraged many young collectors to remain in the hobby. On many occasions, he would supply these young collectors with coins or banknotes to start their collections. According to Graeme Petterwood, editor of the Numisnet World in Australia, Remick is "the" Canadian ambassador for world coins.
Numismatic Books.
His best known work is "The Guide Book and Catalogue of the British Commonwealth Coins" (originally written with Somer James and Howard Linecar). It was the first catalogue to group Commonwealth coins, listing coins of over 115 countries. The 1967 edition included four books in one, as Canadian, modern British, Australian and New Zealand coins were added to the list.
Alone, or in collaboration, Remick has authored the following books:
Memorial Medal.
With the collaboration of Alan Trammell of Pressed Metal Products in Vancouver, a die was produced at no charge to commemorate the memory of Remick. The die was offered free of charge by those interested in having a personalized medal struck to pay tribute to Jerry.
The die shows Remick’s portrait in the centre flanked by symbols representing the beginning and the end of life. The years 1928 and 2005 are located below each symbol. The wording JEROME H. REMICK, III appears above the design with a fleur-de-lys at left and a maple leaf at right. Below the design are the words, "Numismatist", "In Memoriam", "Numismate".
This inspired a project whereby sales of the medal were donated to Les Apprenp’tits Numismates (Apprentice Numismatists). Les Apprenp’tits also offered the medals in exchange for a donation to the Jerome Remick bourse. The concept of the bourse was that proceeds from the bourse would be awarded as an annual prize to a winning young student of a literary contest organized by Les Apprenp’tis.
Auction.
In late 2006, the Commonwealth collection of Jerry Remick was sold in a series of three auctions by the British firm Spink. The first sale, was held in several sessions on Oct. 18.
It covered just over 500 lots of Australian and Asian issues. The second part was on Nov. 29 covering numismatics from Europe, Africa and the Indian Ocean. The third part, to be held in early 2007, features the numismatics of Canada, Central America, the West Indies, and non-Commonwealth coins.
The Highlights from the Australian section include an Adelaide pound; eight 1938 Proofs; a 1937 pattern florin; and an unrecorded pattern crown of 1937. From Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), there is a pattern 5 cents of 1904, believed to be one of only two examples in private hands, and a group of Proof British trade dollars. Starting at the reign of Victoria, the Remick collection has many Hong Kong coins, including 37 Proofs, a dollar and two half-dollars, and no less than 47 patterns.
The auction catalogue summed up his collecting approach.
"Remick collected coins of the British colonies and Commonwealth, aiming to bring together and study examples of not only each country and all its issues and denominations, but also every date, mint mark and variety of each coin. The extent to which this huge task was largely achieved can be judged from this and the succeeding catalogues of his collection," the introduction states. "Remick took advantage of the abundance of coins available at the time to secure many great rarities. He started collecting in an age when supply was plentiful." Other notes include, "Nearly every date and mint mark of every issue from most of the series is present. It is impossible to believe that a new collector today could match this collection in depth." 
Auction Lots.
The first session opens with the Adelaide pound (lot 1) of 1855. The Adelaide pounds were created as an alternative to the irregular ingots being produced at the assay office of the time. However, they were not authorized and eventually withdrawn and melted. Only about 200 remain. This one is described as AU/EF and is estimated at £10,000 to £15,000 ($21,100 to $31,700).
Lot 48 is a Proof florin of 1927. One of 400 struck in Proof, the coin is a rarity and its value is estimated at £3,500 to £4,000 ($7,400 to $8,500). An unrecorded uniface trial or pattern of the Australian crown of 1936 to 1952 has a blank obverse and a reverse with the 1937 date. Described as exceedingly rare, it is estimated at £15,000 to £20,000 ($31,700 to $42,400).
Geology.
Jerry obtained his B.Sc. degree in geology from the Michigan College of Mining and Technology (which later became the Michigan Technological University), Houghton, Michigan, in 1951, and his M.Sc. degree in geology from the same college in 1952. Graduate studies in geology and mineralogy were carried out at the University of Minnesota (1952–1953) and at the University of Michigan (1953–1957). During this time he became a member of the Michigan Chapter of the Gamma Alpha Graduate Scientific Fraternity.
His first geological field work was with the Québec Department of Mines (now the ) beginning in the summer of 1952.
By 1955 Jerry was chief of his own field parties in Québec. Eventually, he accepted a permanent position with the department in May 1957. For the next 20 years he carried out field work, first doing regional geological mapping southwest of the town of Chibougamau, and later carrying out reconnaissance mapping using large helicopter-supported field parties in the James Bay area of northwestern Québec. Remick also spent many summers in northern Québec surveying the lands.
The passion for coins and medals led Remick to encourage the development of medals in recognition of excellence within the GAC. He supported the design and adoption of the Volcanology and Igneous Petrology Division’s Career Achievement Award and the Leopold Gelinas Medal. Remick actually paid for the dies and the first striking of medals. He would later be consulted on the design of the GAC Ward Neale Medal. Once again, he would also pay for its die and first run. Ward Neale was a long-time friend and fellow GAC stalwart. Jerry was honoured and delighted to be associated with the development of a medal for the public awareness of geoscience that honoured his friend.
Jerry hung up his field boots in 1977 and became an information geologist in Direction de l’assistance à l’exploration minière of the Ministère.
His role was that of providing geoscience data. Remick helped to develop a consulting room where all the information holdings of the Ministère were available for viewing.
In 1994, he created the Jerome H. Remick III Endowment Trust Fund for the Canadian Geological Foundation. According to the foundation, he donated nearly $500,000 to this fund. The purpose of the fund is to award grants, from revenues earned by the Endowment Trust Fund. The focus was for projects that furthered the development of the geosciences in Canada and promote an awareness about the role of the geosciences in Canadian society.
Although he retired in 1995, his legacy was such that in 1998 the Québec Section of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum awarded its Section Medal to Jerry for his role in facilitating easier communications between members of the mining industry and the research community.

</doc>
<doc id="9690464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690464" title="Institute of Contemporary Art">
Institute of Contemporary Art

Institute of Contemporary Art my refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9690489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690489" title="Regalia of Sweden">
Regalia of Sweden

Sweden's Royal Regalia are kept deep in the vaults of the Royal Treasury (), underneath the Royal Palace in Stockholm, in a museum which is open to the public. The crowns and coronets have not been worn by Swedish royals since 1907, but they are still displayed at weddings, christenings and funerals. Until 1974 the crown jewels were also displayed at the solemn opening of the Riksdag. 
Among the oldest priceless objects are the sword of Gustav Vasa and the crown, orb, sceptre and key of King Erik XIV.
Crown of Sweden and Royal Regalia.
The Crown of Eric XIV, made in Stockholm in 1561 by Flemish goldsmith Cornelius ver Welden, is typical of the Renaissance style of jewelry of his time. Originally his crown bore four pairs of the letter 'E' and 'R', the initials of the Latin form of his name, "Ericus Rex", in green enamel, each pair being on either side of the central stones on the front, sides and back of the circlet. When he was deposed by his brother, John III, John had each of these letter s covered with identical cartouches each set with two pearls. The Swedish monarchs of the Houses of Palatinate-Zweibrücken, of Hesse and of Holstein-Gottorp preferred to use Queen Christina's crown rather than that of Eric XIV, however, the House of Bernadotte choose to use Eric's crown. However, they replaced the original orb and cross at the top of the crown with a new large orb enameled blue with gold star and set with diamond and with a cross of ten diamonds. They also replaced the original pearls on the top of the eight large ornaments on the circlet with diamonds and replacing the pearl cartouches with eight diamond rosettes moved the circlet 45 degrees. This is the form the crown has in the portrait of Oscar II painted by Oscar Björck. In the early twentieth century this orb and cross and these diamond rosettes were removed and the crown restored to essentially the form it had under John III.
Eric also had a scepter, an orb and a key made for his coronation. This key is an item found only in the Swedish regalia (although a pair of gold and silver keys also were formerly presented to a new pope at his coronation). His scepter was made by Hans Heiderick in 1561 and is of gold, enameled and set with diamonds, rubies and sapphires and still used as the monarch's scepter. It originally was surmounted by a large round sapphire at the top enclosed by two intersecting rows of pearls. This sapphire was lost at the baptism of Gustav IV Adolf and was replaced by the present dark blue enamelled orb in 1780. The orb is also of gold and is unique among European regalia in that it is engraved and enamelled with a map of the earth according to the cartography current at the time it was made. At the top of the orb is a smaller orb in blue enamel and covered with stars, above which is a small cross formed of a table cut diamond surrounded by three pearls. The orb was made by Cornelius ver Weiden and probably engraved by Franz Beijer in Antwerp in 1568. The present blue enamel dates from 1751 and replaces the original black enamel that was badly damaged at the coronation of Charles XI. The original model used for the engraving is not known, but the engager engraved the northern hemisphere upside down, while placing the names are where they would have been if the map were right side up. 
The anointing horn was made in 1606 in Stockholm by Peter Kilimpe for the coronation of Carl IX and is of gold in the shape of s bull's horn supported by a pedestal. The large end is closed by a lip with a chain and on the opposite point of the horn stands a small figure of justice holding a pair of scales. The horn is decorated in ornamental relief work with multi-colored opaque and translucent enamel and set with 10 diamonds and 14 rubies, including 6 Karelian 'rubies' (i.e., garnets). 
The burial crown and sceptre of King Carl IX are kept at Strängnäs Cathedral. These items were originally interred with his body but were later exhumed and put on display.
Crown of Queen Christina.
As her coronation and state crown Christina of Sweden used the crown that her mother Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg had used as the queen consort of Gustav II Adolph. It was made in Stockholm in 1620 by German goldsmith Rupprecht Miller and originally had two arches in a very fine foliage design in gold with black enameling and set with rubies and diamonds (a reference to the colors of the arms of her father John Sigmund of Brandenburg), with a small blue enameled orb and a cross, both set with diamonds. Christina had two more arches added to her mother's crown matching the first two and had more diamonds and rubies added to it to enhance the crown's appearance as the crown of a queen regnant. She also added a cap of purple satin, embroidered in gold and set with more diamonds, to the inside of the crown. The circlet of the crown has eight large cabochon rubies set beneath each of the eight arches of the crown and diamonds in large rosette patterns in the intervening spaces of the circlet. Queen Christina's crown was the crown chosen to be displayed with other items of the Swedish regalia and artifacts from the Swedish royal collections in a 1988-1989 exhibition at the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. and the Minneapolis Institute of Art commemorating the founding of Delaware as a Swedish colony in 1638.
Crown scepter and orb of the queen consort.
The Crown of Louisa Ulrika was made in Stockholm in 1751 by Andreas Almgren and was modeled on the crown made by Ronde for the French queen consort, Marie Leczinska to wear at her wedding to Louis XV of France in 1725. It was, in turn, the model for the Norwegian queen's crown. It is made of silver set entirely with diamonds. On the circlet rests representations of eight open crowns with trefoils for leaves (the heraldic symbol of Sweden) from back of which rise eight half arches which curl back on themselves at the top where they support a blue enameled orb and a cross also set with diamonds. Between each of these eight open crowns are eight small points each topped with a diamond. Inside the cap is a scarlet cap of velvet strewn with silver sequins. Two large diamonds are set between the circlet and the front crown, the central trefoil in the front of the crown being replaced with a large oval diamond. This is the crown from which Louisa Ulrika removed 44 diamonds and pawned in Berlin to finance her attempted coup in 1756. This is the crown still used on formal occasions such as the royal weddings and funerals of Swedish queen consorts.
The scepter and orb made for Gunilla Bielke, the wife of John III, continued to be used by succeeding Swedish queen consorts, although this orb was habitually used by a Swedish monarchs of the of Palatinate-Zweibrücken, of Hesse and of Holstein-Gottorp dynasties, though those of the House of Bernadotte preferred to use the orb of Eric XIV. The use of an orb by a queen consort appears to be original to Sweden, although the practice was also adopted by Norway during the period of its dual monarchy with Sweden.
Crown Prince coronet.
The Crown Prince Coronet, was made for Charles X Gustav to wear at the coronation of Christina as her designated heir. It was hurriedly made in two weeks time from parts of an earlier queen's crown. It has the form of a radial crown with eight triangular rays or spikes and has survived intact except for the addition by Gustav III for his coronation in 1772 of two black enameled sheaves of grain, the heraldic emblem of the Vasa dynasty, one between the front two rays and the other between the back two rays, replacing the smaller ornaments still found between the other rays. Originally worn over an ermine lined hat, the Crown Prince's coronet is now worn with a cap of light blue satin covered with gold embroidery. The heraldic crown for the Crown Prince/Princess is based on the actual appearance of this crown and also shows a central Vasa sheaf between four rays of a jeweled radial crown.
Seven similar coronets, but of a simpler design and with rays in the central position in the front and back and with eight smaller sheaves of gold between the eight rays were made in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries for the other princes (i. e., Prince Karl (XIII), 1771; Prince Fredrik Adolf, 1771; Prince Oskar (II), 1844; Prince Wilhelm, 1902) and princesses (i. e., Princess Sofia Albertina, 1771; Princess Hedvig Elisabet Charlotta, 1778; Princess Eugenie, 1860), those of the princesses being of similar design, but much smaller. These coronets are set primarily with diamonds, emeralds and pearls. The heraldic crown for a duke (in Sweden always the son of a monarch) or duchess (always the daughter of a monarch or wife of a duke) is similarly depicted as a jeweled radial crown with five rays.
The Crown Prince Coronet and one of these princely coronets were displayed on either side of the altar in Storkyrkan, the cathedral of Stockholm, for the wedding of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and Daniel Westling on June 19, 2010.
Insignia of orders of chivalry.
In addition to the Crown Jewels proper, the Royal Treasury also includes some jeweled insignia of the Swedish royal orders of chivalry, especially of the Order of the Seraphim. The Order of Carl XIII, the Order of Vasa, the Order of the Polar Star and the Order of the Sword.

</doc>
<doc id="9690499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690499" title="29 South LaSalle">
29 South LaSalle

29 South LaSalle is a proposed 51 story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, designed by Lucien Lagrange Architects. It would stand at 870 feet (265 m). This project would include a "renovation", and facadectomy of the adjacent New York Life Insurance Building.
History of location.
29 S. LaSalle was at one time the site of the Equitable building, formerly known as the National Life building, built in 1902. It is 12 stories and one basement high, on spread foundations. Jennie and Mundie were the architects. In 1940 a new street facade and other major alterations were made by Holabird & Root Architects. (From History of the Development of Building Construction in Chicago, Frank Randall, Univ of IL Press, 1949)
Pop culture.
The entrance to the building can be clearly identified in the movie The Dark Knight during an action scene where Batman flips his motorcycle in front of the building's address.

</doc>
<doc id="9690507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690507" title="The Lyricist Lounge Show">
The Lyricist Lounge Show

The Lyricist Lounge Show was an American sketch comedy series that aired on MTV from 2000 to 2001 that combined hip-hop music with raps interspersed throughout the sketches. As Wordsworth, BabeePower, and Master Fuol rap on the theme song: "Welcome to the lyricist lounge show, it's rappin' and actin', laughin', clappin', lights, cameras, action, we're the first ones to ever place a sketch to a beat, it's the avenue the street where hip hop and comedy meet..." The show is also noted as the first program to feature Tracee Ellis Ross prior to "Girlfriends".
History.
MTV's "The Lyricist Lounge Show" had its roots in New York City's "Lyricist Lounge", a hip hop show case founded by Danny Castro and Anthony Marshall, which featured up and coming musical artists, many of whom have gone on to huge success, including Sean Combs, Notorious B.I.G, and Eminem. The showcase quickly outgrew the studio apartment where it was originally held and was forced to move to larger sold out venues which eventually led to a record deal for compilation CDs featuring Lyricist Lounge performers. A national tour followed, headlined by top hip-hop artists and showcasing unsigned talent.
The series was created by Danny Castro, Anthony Marshall, Perry Landesberg and Jacob Septimus of the Lyricist Lounge in New York along with the creative vision of executive producers Stacy Bronte and Rachel Broker. The show was pitched as a freestyle comedy jam with skits shot on location and in a loose studio setting. This approach was pushed aside by initial executive producer Claude Brooks, a product of sitcom television acting and producing, who insisted on shooting the show live to tape, with a studio audience. This approach proved to be too expensive and time-consuming and doomed the show at the outset. During the second season, executive producer Jim Beiderman tried to modify the format to return to the creators' original premise, but by that time the show had already established itself.
Synopsis.
"The Lyricist Lounge Show" combined traditional comedic skits with the breakthrough concept of lyrical sketches, an innovative convergence of hip-hop music and theatrical narratives. Farcical comedic sketches pushed the envelope of political correctness, while lyrical acts showcased the talent of the show's resident rappers, who performed humorous vignettes with rhyming dialogue and hip hop beats. The lyrical sketches featured a variety of hip hop artists such as Q-Tip, Mos Def, Cee-lo, Common, Tash, Snoop Dogg, Erykah Badu, Krayzie Bone, Slick Rick, MC Lyte, and a host of others.
The ensemble cast of the series included rappers Wordsworth, Master Fuol, and Baby Power (aka BabeePower). All three were responsible for creating, writing, and producing the lyrical sketches. Marty Belafsky, Tracee Ellis Ross, Heather McDonald, Mike Ricca and Jordan Black formed the comedic side of the cast, each with their own original brand of humor. Due to high production costs and conflict between the show's producers and MTV, the show lasted for only two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9690508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690508" title="Pandemonium architecture">
Pandemonium architecture

Pandemonium architecture arose in response to the inability of template matching theories to offer a biologically plausible explanation of the image constancy phenomena. Contemporary researchers praise this architecture for its elegancy and creativity; that the idea of having multiple independent systems (e.g., feature detectors) working in parallel to address the image constancy phenomena of pattern recognition is powerful yet simple. The basic idea of the pandemonium architecture is that a pattern is first perceived in its parts before the "whole".
Pandemonium architecture was one of the first computational models in pattern recognition. Although not perfect, the pandemonium architecture influenced the development of modern connectionist, artificial intelligence, and word recognition models.
History.
Most research in perception has been focused on the visual system, investigating the mechanisms of how we see and understand objects. A critical function of our visual system is its ability to recognize patterns, but the mechanism by which this is achieved is unclear.
The earliest theory that attempted to explain how we recognize patterns is the template matching model. According to this model, we compare all external stimuli against an internal mental representation. If there is "sufficient" overlap between the perceived stimulus and the internal representation, we will "recognize" the stimulus. Although some machines follow a template matching model (e.g., bank machines verifying signatures and accounting numbers), the theory is critically flawed in explaining the phenomena of image constancy: we can easily recognize a stimulus regardless of the changes in its form of presentation (e.g., T and T are both easily recognized as the letter T). It is highly unlikely that we have a stored template for all of the variations of every single pattern.
As a result of the biological plausibility criticism of the template matching model, feature detection models begun to rise. In a feature detection model, the image is first perceived in its basic individual elements before it is recognized as a whole object. For example, when we are presented with the letter A, we would first see a short horizontal line and two slanted long diagonal lines. Then we would combine the features to complete the perception of A. Each unique pattern consists of different combination of features, which means those that are formed with the same features will generate the same recognition. That is, regardless of how we rotate the letter A, is still perceived as the letter A. It is easy for this sort of architecture to account for the image constancy phenomena because you only need to "match" at the basic featural level, which is presumed to be limited and finite, thus biologically plausible. The best known feature detection model is called the pandemonium architecture.
Pandemonium architecture.
The pandemonium architecture was originally developed by Oliver Selfridge in the late 1950s. The architecture is composed of different groups of "demons" working independently to process the visual stimulus. Each group of demons is assigned to a specific stage in recognition, and within each group, the demons work in parallel. There are four major groups of demons in the original architecture.
The concept of feature demons, that there are specific neurons dedicated to perform specialized processing is supported by research in neuroscience. Hubel and Wiesel found there were specific cells in a cat's brain that responded to specific lengths and orientations of a line. Similar findings were discovered in frogs, octopuses and a variety of other animals. Octopuses were discovered to be only sensitive to verticality of lines, whereas frogs demonstrated a wider range of sensitivity. These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to be a very primitive development. That is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans. Not surprisingly, there is also evidence that the human brain possesses these elementary feature detectors as well.
Moreover, this architecture is capable of learning, similar to a back-propagation styled neural network. The weight between the cognitive and feature demons can be adjusted in proportion to the difference between the correct pattern and the activation from the cognitive demons. To continue with our previous example, when we first learned the letter R, we know is composed of a curved, long straight, and a short angled line. Thus when we perceive those features, we perceive R. However, the letter P consists of very similar features, so during the beginning stages of learning, it is likely for this architecture to mistakenly identify R as P. But through constant exposure of confirming R's features to be identified as R, the weights of R's features to P are adjusted so the P response becomes inhibited (e.g., learning to inhibit the P response when a short angled line is detected). In principle, a pandemonium architecture can recognize any pattern.
As mentioned earlier, this architecture makes error predictions based on the amount of overlapping features. Such as, the most likely error for R should be P. Thus, in order to show this architecture represents the human pattern recognition system we must put these predictions into test. Researchers have constructed scenarios where various letters are presented in situations that make them difficult to identify; then types of errors were observed, which was used to generate confusion matrices: where all of the errors for each letter are recorded. Generally, the results from these experiments matched the error predictions from the pandemonium architecture. Also as a result of these experiments, some researchers have proposed models that attempted to list all of the basic features in the Roman alphabet.
Criticism.
A major criticism of the pandemonium architecture is that it adopts a completely bottom-up processing: recognition is entirely driven by the physical characteristics of the targeted stimulus. This means that it is unable to account for any top-down processing effects, such as context effects ("e.g.", pareidolia), where contextual cues can facilitate (e.g., word superiority effect: it is relatively easier to identify a letter when it is part of a word than in isolation) processing. However, this is not a fatal criticism to the overall architecture, because is relatively easy to add a group of contextual demons to work along with the cognitive demons to account for these context effects.
Although the pandemonium architecture is built on the fact that it can account for the image constancy phenomena, some researchers have argued otherwise; and pointed out that the pandemonium architecture might share the same flaws from the template matching models. For example, the letter H is composed of 2 long vertical lines and a short horizontal line; but if we rotate the H 90 degrees in either direction, it is now composed of 2 long horizontal lines and a short vertical line. In order to recognize the rotated H as H, we would need a rotated H cognitive demon. Thus we might end up with a system that requires a large amount of cognitive demons in order to produce accurate recognition, which would lead to the same biological plausibility criticism of the template matching models. However, it is rather difficult to judge the validity of this criticism because the pandemonium architecture does not specify how and what features are extracted from incoming sensory information, it simply outlines the possible stages of pattern recognition. But of course that raises its own questions, to which it is almost impossible to criticize such a model if it does not include specific parameters. Also, the theory appears to be rather incomplete without defining how and what features are extracted, which proves to be especially problematic with complex patterns (e.g., extracting the weight and features of a dog).
Some researchers have also pointed out that the evidence supporting the pandemonium architecture has been very narrow in its methodology. Majority of the research that supports this architecture has often referred to its ability to recognize simple schematic drawings that are selected from a small finite set (e.g., letters in the Roman alphabet). Evidence from these types of experiments can lead to overgeneralized and misleading conclusions, because the recognition process of complex, three-dimensional patterns could be very different from simple schematics. Furthermore, some have criticized the methodology used in generating the confusion matrix, because it confounds perceptual confusion (error in identification caused by overlapping features between the error and the correct answer) with post-perceptual guessing (people randomly guessing because they cannot be sure what they saw). However, these criticisms were somewhat addressed when similar results were replicated with other paradigms (e.g., go/no go and same-different tasks), supporting the claim that humans do have elementary feature detectors. These new paradigms relied on reaction time as the dependent variable, which also avoided the problem of empty cells that is inherent with the confusion matrix (statistical analyses are difficult to conduct and interpret when the data have empty cells).
Additionally, some researchers have pointed out that feature accumulation theories like the pandemonium architecture have the processing stages of pattern recognition almost backwards. This criticism was mainly used by advocates of the global-to-local theory, who argued and provided evidence that perception begins with a blurry view of the whole that refines overtime, implying feature extraction does not happen in the early stages of recognition. However, there is nothing to prevent a demon from recognizing a global pattern in parallel with other demons recognizing local patterns within the global pattern.
Applications and influences.
The pandemonium architecture has been applied to solve several real-world problems, such as translating hand-sent Morse codes and identifying hand-printed letters. The overall accuracy of pandemonium-based models are impressive, even when the system was given a short learning period. For example, Doyle constructed a pandemonium-based system with over 30 complex feature-analyzers. He then fed his system several hundred letters for learning. During this phase, the system analyzed the inputted letter and generated its own output (what the system identifies the letter as). The output from the system was compared against the correct identification, which sends an error signal back to the system to adjust the weights between the features analyzers accordingly. In the testing phase, unfamiliar letters were presented (different style and size of the letters than those that were presented in the learning phase), and the system was able to achieve a near 90% accuracy. Because of its impressive capability to recognize words, all modern theories on how humans read and recognize words follow this hierarchal structure: word recognition begins with feature extractions of the letters, which then activates the letter detectors (e.g., SOLAR, SERIOL, IA, DRC).
Based on the original pandemonium architecture, John Jackson has extended the theory to explain phenomena beyond perception. Jackson offered the analogy of an arena to account for "consciousness". His arena consisted of a stand, a playing field, and a sub-arena. The arena was populated by multitude of demons. The demons that were designated in the playing fields were the active demons, as they represent the active elements of human consciousness. The demons in the stands are to watch those in the playing field until something excites them; each demon is excited by different things. The more excited the demons get, the louder they yell. If a demon yells pass a set threshold, it gets to join the other demons in the playing field and perform its function, which may then excite other demons, and this cycle continues. The sub-arena in the analogy functions as the learning and feedback mechanism of the system. The learning system here is similar to any other neural styled networks, which is through modifying the connection strength between the demons; in other words, how the demons respond to each other’s yelling. This multiple agent approach to human information processing became the assumption for many modern artificial intelligence systems.
Comparisons.
Comparison with template matching theories.
Although the pandemonium architecture arose as a response to address a major criticism of the template matching theories, the two are actually rather similar in some sense: there is a process where a specific set of features for items is matched against some sort of mental representation. The critical difference between the two is that the image is directly compared against an internal representation in the template matching theories, whereas with the pandemonium architecture, the image is first diffused and processed at the featural level. This granted pandemonium architectures tremendous power because it is capable of recognizing a stimulus despite its changes in size, style and other transformations; without the presumption of an unlimited pattern memory. It is also unlikely that the template matching theories will function properly when faced with realistic visual inputs, where objects are presented in three dimensions and often occluded by other objects (e.g., half of a book is covered by a piece of paper, but we can still recognize it as a book with relative ease). Nonetheless, some researchers have conducted experiments comparing the two theories. Not surprisingly, the results often favored a hierarchal feature building model like the pandemonium architecture.
Comparison with Hebbian pattern recognition.
The Hebbian model resembles feature-oriented theories like the pandemonium architecture in many aspects. The first level of processing in the Hebbian model is called the cell assemblies, which have very similar functions to feature demons. However, cell assemblies are more limited than the feature demons, because it can only extracts lines, angles and contours. The cell assemblies are combined to form phase sequences, which is very similar to the function of the cognitive demons. In a sense, many consider the Hebbian model to be a crossover between the template and feature matching theories, as the features extracted from the Hebbian models can be considered as simple templates.

</doc>
<doc id="9690515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690515" title="Sibuyanons Against Mining">
Sibuyanons Against Mining

Sibuyanons Against Mining (SAM) is an environmental advocacy group organized primarily by Sibuyanons.
It has been fighting for mining moratorium in Sibuyan Island (Philippines). It aims to protect the island, which has the world's densest forest, the Philippine's cleanest river and the majestic Mount Guiting-Guiting, from future environmental degradation and exploitation.
History.
SAM was primarily an online advocacy created in February 2006 and formed formally on July 2, 2006 in Intramuros, Manila. From then on, it helped organize the creation of a worldwide environmental advocacy campaign against mining operations in Sibuyan Island.
Advocacy.
SAM adheres to responsible stewardship. Mining in the island is not sustainable because the island-people live by the island's bounties. Endemism and biodiversity are major factors why SAM is also looking for mining moratorium in the island since it is a center of endemism and critical plant site. They 'think that exploration could destroy the environment, the ecological balance, particularly the Mount Guiting-Guiting, which means posing a threat to the human beings of the area.' 
On September 2, 2006, almost 8,000 people (first in the history of Romblon province) gathered in front of a mining site to express their environmental concern. The mobilization was realized in collaboration with the "sambuligan" or basic ecclesial communities of the Immaculate Conception Shrine Parish of San Fernando, Romblon and the Vicariate of Sibuyan.
Network.
The advocacy is now worldwide through its online petition and local and international environmental organizations' support. SAM is also a member of the Philippine's alliance against mining, "Alyansa Tigil Mina".

</doc>
<doc id="9690538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690538" title="Seaclose Park">
Seaclose Park

Seaclose Park is a large parkland site situated to the North East of Newport on the Isle of Wight. It lies on the eastern banks of the River Medina. It has a variety of features which are available free to the community of the Island and to visitors. The features of the park include a skate park, three tennis courts, one cricket pitch and wicket, one bowling green, three netball courts and two five-a-side pitches. The park is situated along Fairlee Road, linking Newport to East Cowes and Ryde.
Seaclose Park is famously the site of the revived Isle of Wight Festival and as such has received great publicity and investment to maintain its condition for the Isle of Wight festival. 
For 16 December 2009 the park was transformed to a Winter Wonderland after coming top in a competition held by Nokia with nearly 2,400 votes to have it held on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="9690545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690545" title="Idris Phillips">
Idris Phillips

Idris Phillips (born January 1958) is a musician, composer, songwriter, and music producer based in Nashville Tennessee, U.S..
In recent years, he is best recognized for his work as a pianist, guitarist and producer for Canadian singer-songwriter Dawud Wharnsby, co-writing the songs "War", "Eight Years Old" and "Let It Go" on Wharnsby's 2007 album "Out Seeing The Fields". The two artists tour together regularly as a duo worldwide and are currently at work on several collaborative recording projects.
Early career.
Born Phillip Bubel, Phillips began playing classical guitar as a child and by his teens was also an accomplished pianist.
Phillips found himself as a session player in a recording studio for the first time at the age of 16. Shortly thereafter, his composition and arranging skills tweaked the interests of record label executives who saw the talented and handsome young prodigy as a possible candidate for investment. Music industry politics and pressures pushed Phillips and his music out on the road where live performance earned him his reputation as a versatile and skillful player, opening for the likes of other popular jazz performers like Mose Allison and crossing backstage circles with artists like Richie Havens and Livingston Taylor.
Touring throughout the United States during the mid-1980s as a member of several jazz ensembles and rock bands, Phillips made his home in Phoenix, Arizona.
In 1989 he embraced Islam and became known as Idris Phillips - Idris being the Qur'anic form of the name Enoch.
Taking a break from cross country tours, Phillips worked briefly in the early 1990s as a hotel entertainment booking agent in Phoenix, AZ. He eventually found himself back on the road again, touring the U.S. and parts of Western Canada until the late 1990s when he settled outside Hollywood California to work as a session musician and composer for film and television music libraries.
In 2009 Idris Phillips re-located to Nashville, Tennessee living and working more closely with his son Matthew Bubel, an active session musician in Nashville.
Career as Idris Phillips.
Becoming formally and professionally known as Idris Phillips in 2005, the writer/performer has recently found recognition worldwide for his melodic compositions which blend varying musical styles (jazz, pop, new-age) with diverse instrumentation. Beyond his work as a composer for Hollywood music libraries, to the growing independent film industry of the Middle East, Phillips' music was recently used to underscore the Egyptian documentary "The Fog Is Lifting" and acted as the theme music for the Islam Channel program "Hayyat".
Phillips returned to live performance in June 2006, reaching out to international audiences alongside Canadian folk/world-music artist Dawud Wharnsby at a concert in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (performing alongside South African singer-songwriter Zain Bhikha and Malaysian boy-band Raihan.) The concert also aired in Malaysia on the national holiday of Eid ul Fitr in November 2006.
In November 2006 Phillips and Wharnsby also toured the United Kingdom with Canadian percussionists The Fletcher Valve Drummers, concluding their tour of UK with a brief performance of their song "War" at the Global Peace and Unity Event held in London's Excel Center, to an audience watching various acts and speakers throughout the weekend of over 20,000. The event was televised via satellite by England's Islam Channel throughout Europe and North Africa.
As the lawfulness of "musical instruments" has long been a debate among teachers and students of the Islamic faith, Idris Phillips' rendition of "War" - with guitar - at the Global Peace and Unity event marked the first time in British history that a Muslim musician appeared on stage with a stringed instrument at a major mainstream Islamic religious conference. His performance challenged stereotypes that "music" is "categorically unlawful" according to Islamic theological teachings, warming the audience and the stage for world renowned singer-songwriter and peace activist Yusuf Islam (Cat Stevens) who performed immediately afterward, also with guitar.
In 2009 Idris Phillips toured as percussionist with South African singer/songwriter Zain Bhikha in the USA and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="9690625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690625" title="Franz Wickhoff">
Franz Wickhoff

Franz Wickhoff (7 May 1853, Steyr – 6 April 1909, Venice) was an Austrian art historian, and is considered a member of the Vienna School of Art History. Wickhoff studied at the University of Vienna under Alexander Conze and Moritz Thausing. In 1879 he received a position at the k.k. Österreichisches Museum für Kunst und Industrie (today the Museum für angewandte Kunst) in Vienna, where he met Giovanni Morelli and became interested in his theories of connoisseurship. In 1882 Wichoff began to teach at the University of Vienna. 
In 1895 Wickhoff published his major work, "Die Wiener Genesis", a study of the development of Roman art from the time of Augustus to that of Constantine I. The book was significant for its appreciation of both "high imperial" Roman art, and indeed also late antique art, both of which had previously, under the overwhelming influence of Johann Joachim Winckelmann, been considered as stages of progressive decline following the achievements of Greek art. Wickhoff's study would prove to be of great importance for the later "Spätrömische Kunstindustrie" of Alois Riegl, his younger contemporary at the Museum, which continued the project of rehabilitating late antique art. It also sparked the extended feud between Riegl and Wickhoff, on the one side, and Josef Strzygowski, on the other, concerning the origins of the late antique style.
Wickhoff's students included many of the major figures of the next generation of Viennese art history, including Max Dvořák, Walter Friedländer, Wilhelm Koehler, Erica Tietze-Conrat, Hans Tietze and Gustav Glück. He is buried on Isola di San Michele in Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="9690631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690631" title="Emilio Kauderer">
Emilio Kauderer

Emilio Kauderer is an Argentine music composer who has worked extensively in film scoring.
Early life.
Kauderer was born in Argentina. He studied composition with Jacobo Ficher and conducting with Jaques Bodmer.
He performed as a classical pianist and then engaged in rigorous composition and conducting training at the Tchaikovsky Moscow Conservatory on a full merit scholarship.
Upon his return to Argentina his chamber compositions were performed by the Camerata Bariloche. Emilio's Wind Quintet "Danzón" won the Yamaha-Promusica Award in 1987. He began work in the Cinema of Argentina in 1980, composing for the film "La Discoteca del amor", which was directed by Adolfo Aristarain.
He received a fellowship to The Sundance Institute’s Composer’s Lab and was honored by having been selected as the composer of the music for New York’s Jewish Heritage Museum main exhibit piece. The musical "Paquito's Christmas," written with Luis Avalos, was performed and conducted by Kauderer at the Washington Opera. The musical featured Plácido Domingo’s grandson for three seasons and played at the Pasadena Civic Center in Los Angeles for nine years.
Kauderer's symphonic work has been performed by the National Symphonic Orchestras in Argentina, Honduras, the La Porte Symphony Orchestra and the Pan American Symphony Orchestra in Washington.
Career.
Winner of the 2014 Premio Platino for Best Soundtrack of the film score for Metegol (Juan Jose Campanella), Emilio Kauderer was honored with the Arbol de La Vida Award by the 2013 Guadalajara International Film Festival in Los Angeles (FICG in LA). Emilio Kauderer recently composed the score for the 3D animated film Metegol/Futbolin/Underdogs, directed by Juan Campanella ; Corazon de Leon, directed by Marcos Carnevale; Amapola, directed by Eugenio Zanetti and Los Inocentes, directed by Mauricio Brunetti.
He is currently working on the soundtrack for the feature film Alicia en el Pais de Maria, written and directed by Jesus Magaña Vazquez. Emilio collaborated with director Juan Campanella on the soundtracks of Same Love, Same Rain, Vientos de Agua, El Hombre de tu Vida, The Secret in Their Eyes, Belgrano and Parque Lezama. In collaboration with director Adolfo Aristarain, Emilio wrote the music score for A Place in the World, Time for Revenge, Ultimos Dias de la Victima and La Discoteca del Amor. To date, Kauderer has won four Academy Awards in Argentina for Best Film Score (Metegol, Secret in Their Eyes, El Mismo Amor, La Misma Lluvia Love, Same Rain and A Place In the World).
Other music film scores include Conversations with God, directed by Stephen Simon, Culture Clash in AmeriCCa, directed by Emilio Estevez and Friends & Lovers, directed by George Hass, starring Robert Downey Jr. and Stephen Baldwin.
Recent music credits for TV include the FOX series, Familia en Venta and Cumbia Ninja. Emilio collaborated with Stewart Copeland on the theme and music for the Emmy-nominated score of the Showtime series, Dead Like Me.
Emilio participated in the Latin Grammy winning album Bajofondo Tango Club with his song Maroma, produced by Gustavo Santaolalla and Juan Campodonico.
Kauderer composed the music for the 60th anniversary of the Holiday on Ice show, Diamonds which was warmly received by European audiences for four years. Emilio collaborated with Michael Kamen for the opening of the Winter Olympics, wrote the AT&T song for Jon Secada’s performance at the Olympic Games in Seoul and wrote the music for Ricky Martin’s videos for the Livin' la Vida Loca tour in collaboration with KC Porter.
The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors granted Kauderer recognition for his outstanding contribution to film music. Emilio was the recipient of a fellowship to The Sundance Institute’s Composers Lab and the BMI Conductors Lab. He was honored by having been selected as the composer of the music for the main exhibit piece of New York’s Jewish History Museum.
Video game work.
Emilio Kauderer collaborated recently with Stewart Copeland in composing a song for the upcoming "Stomp" album and the soundtrack for the "Spyro" series of games on Sony’s PlayStation 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9690650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690650" title="Pincho">
Pincho

A pincho (, literally "thorn" or "spike") or pintxo () is a small snack, typically eaten in bars, traditional in northern Spain and especially popular in the Basque country and Navarre. They are usually eaten in bars or taverns as a small snack while hanging out with friends or relatives; thus, they have a strong socializing component, and in the Basque country and Navarre they are usually regarded as a cornerstone of local culture and society. They are related to tapas, the main difference being that pinchos are usually 'spiked' with a skewer or toothpick, often to a piece of bread. They are served in individual portions and always ordered and paid for independently from the drinks. It is not impossible, however, to have the same item called "pincho" in one place and "tapa" in other.
They're called "pinchos" because many of them have a "pincho" (Spanish for "spike"), typically a toothpick —or a skewer for the larger varieties— through them. They should not be confused with brochettes, which in Latin America are called "pinchos" too; in brochettes, the skewer or toothpick is needed in order to cook the food or keep it together.
Basque pincho.
A typical snack of the Basque Country and Navarre, "pinchos" consist of small slices of bread upon which an ingredient or mixture of ingredients is placed and fastened with a toothpick, which gives the food its name "pincho", meaning "spike." Pinchos are usually eaten as an appetizer, accompanied by a small glass of young white wine (called "txikito", ) or beer ("zurito", quarter of a pint). Pinchos are very common in the taverns of the Basque Country, and in other near areas, such as Cantabria, La Rioja, northern Burgos, and Navarre, where a variety of pinchos is usually served on a tray at the bar.
In this type of pinchos, the toothpick is used to keep ingredients from falling off the bread, as well as to keep track of the number of items that the customer has eaten. Sometimes, differently priced pinchos have toothpicks of different shapes or sizes.
Almost any ingredient can be put on the bread, but those most commonly found in the Basque Country include fish such as hake, cod, anchovy; tortilla de patatas; stuffed peppers; and croquettes. Pinchos can be very sophisticated, sometimes consisting of very elaborate (and sometimes expensive) fish, seafood, or meats.
Pinchos are used as an excuse for socializing. Typically, a group of friends will go from one tavern to another, drinking small glasses of wine or beer and eating pinchos.
External links.
Pintxos is the translation of Tapas in Euskera (basque language)
The spikes are used only to maintain the pintxo and also to count how many you had (in spain you never pay in advance, you give the spike to the waiter and he will tell you how much)

</doc>
<doc id="9690656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690656" title="Damian Hinds">
Damian Hinds

Damian Patrick George Hinds (born 27 November 1969) is a British Conservative Party politician and the Member of Parliament (MP) for the East Hampshire constituency. He is Parliamentary Private Secretary to Mark Francois, the Minister for Defence Personnel, Welfare and Veterans.
Education.
Hinds was educated at St. Ambrose College, a Voluntary Aided Roman Catholic Grammar school in Altrincham in Cheshire, followed by the University of Oxford, where he attained a first class degree, and was president of the Oxford Union Society while there.
Life and career.
Hinds was chairman of the Bow Group in 2001–02.
He stood in the Stretford and Urmston constituency during the 2005 general election, coming second to incumbent MP Beverley Hughes, gaining 30.4% of the vote (an increase for the party of 3.3%).
In the 2010 General Election Hinds was elected as the Member of Parliament for East Hampshire getting 56.8% of the vote (an increase of 9.7%) and achieving a swing from the Liberal Democrats to the Conservative Party of 6.6%. The previous Conservative MP, Michael Mates, stepped down at the 2010 General Election.
He was also a member of the Public Bill Committee for the Defence Reform Act 2014
Interests.
Parliament lists Hinds' interests as education, welfare, affordable credit, and social mobility.

</doc>
<doc id="9690663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690663" title="List of sites of interest in the Lima Metropolitan area">
List of sites of interest in the Lima Metropolitan area

The following is a list of important sites of interest in and around the city of Lima, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9690669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690669" title="USS Willis (DE-395)">
USS Willis (DE-395)

USS "Willis" (DE–395) is an , the first United States Navy ship so named. This ship was named for Ensign Walter Michael Willis (14 January 1917 – 7 December 1941). He enlisted in the Naval Reserve as a seaman 2d class at Minneapolis. Willis received an appointment as reserve aviation cadet on 22 December 1939. Six days later, he reported to Pensacola Naval Air Station for flight instruction and, on 14 August 1940, emerged with his aviator's wings.
Commissioned an ensign on 10 September, Willis soon joined Bombing Squadron (VB) 6, based in , and flew Douglas SBD Dauntless dive bombers until early in December 1941. On the morning of 7 December, as "Enterprise" was returning from Wake Island to Hawaii, the carrier sent up a flight of SBD's to scout the water ahead. Willis took off in one of these bombers for what was intended to be a routine flight to Ford Island, the naval air station at Pearl Harbor. However, instead of enjoying an ordinary scouting mission, these planes ran head-on into a war, for they arrived almost simultaneously with the start of the Japanese attack upon Pearl Harbor. In the ensuing aerial melee, Willis and his gunner were among the Americans shot down.
Operational history.
"Willis" (DE-395) was laid down on 17 July 1943 at Houston, Texas, by Brown Shipbuilding Co.; launched on 14 September 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Marie E. Willis, the mother of the late Ens. Willis; and commissioned on 10 December 1943, Lt. Comdr. G. R. Atterbury, USNR, in command.
After fitting-out at Houston and loading ammunition at the San Jacinto Ordnance Depot, "Willis" departed Galveston, Texas, on 5 January 1944 in company with bound for the British West Indies and reached Bermuda on the 10th.
Following shakedown, "Willis" departed Bermuda on 3 February-in company with "Kretchmer" and and arrived at Charleston, South Carolina, on the 6th. The destroyer escort underwent post-shakedown availability in the navy yard there over the ensuing week and sailed on 15 February for the Chesapeake Bay, escorting the merchantman to Hampton Roads where she arrived the next day.
Two days later, "Willis" then proceeded-in company with to Staten Island, New York, and, upon arrival, reported for duty to Commander, Escort Division (CortDiv) 51. Subsequently, "Willis" joined Task Group (TG) 21.11 at Hampton Roads on 26 February, the hunter-killer group formed around the escort carrier .
Convoy Duty.
That day, the task group put to sea for operations in the Central Atlantic that took its ships first to Casablanca-visited from 18 to 22 March-and then to the British West Indies in mid-April. Besides "Bogue" and "Willis", the group was composed of , , , and . They scored their first success on 13 March when "Hobson" teamed with "Haverfield", planes from "Bogue"'s Composite Squadron (VC) 95, , and British aircraft to sink U-575.
"Willis" continued to operate in "Bogue"'s screen into the summer, calling at Casablanca for a second time from 29 May to 2 June, before TG 22.2 moved to Bermuda. On 24 June, southwest of the Azores, TG 22.2 destroyed another Axis submersible when planes of "Bogue"'s VC-69 sank the Japanese submarine "I-52". The task group completed that stint of hunter-killer operations on 30 June when it arrived at Port Royal Bay, Bermuda. "Willis" departed Bermuda on 1 July and proceeded to Hampton Roads, where TG 22.2 was dissolved upon its arrival there on the 3rd.
The destroyer escort then underwent repairs at Bayonne, New Jersey, from 4 to 14 July, after which time she joined CortDiv 51 for a period of refresher training out of Casco Bay, Maine. Proceeding back to Hampton Roads upon completion of those training evolutions, "Willis" moored at the Naval Operating Base (NOB), Norfolk, Va., on 22 July.
The next day, the destroyer escort sailed for Bermuda, again as a unit of TG 22.3 and screening "Bogue". Other ships in the escort carrier's screen included "Haverfield" (with Commander, CortDiv 51 embarked) "Swenning", "Janssen", and . The group conducted antisubmarine warfare (ASW) training exercises and gunnery drills en route to Bermuda and arrived there on 29 July.
"Bogue" and her escorts resumed hunter-killer operations on 2 August. Four days later, "Willis" obtained a sonar contact at 1353 and fired a full "hedgehog" pattern which produced no positive results. A little over a week later, the ship participated in a futile search for a lost plane from "Bogue".
Four days later, however, "Bogue"'s planes scored again: aircraft from VC-42 found and destroyed U-1229. "Willis" arrived on the scene in time to take part in the search for possible survivors but obtained only oil samples from the extensive slick covering the waters in the area. Soon after the search for survivors was discontinued at 1730, she rejoined "Bogue"'s screen.
Four days later, TG 22.3 reached the Naval Air Base at Argentia, Newfoundland, for a brief period of in-port upkeep. The group subsequently resumed hunter-killer operations soon thereafter; and, during the ensuing patrols, "Willis" obtained a sonar contact at 1147 on 14 September. She fired a pattern of "hedgehogs" and made two depth charge runs before she laid a sonobuoy pattern. "Swenning" joined the search at 1600, and the two destroyer escorts made a coordinated attack. "Willis" and her sistership then combed the area thoroughly throughout the night but finally gave up the hunt at 1906 the following day.
The next day, "Willis" contacted a lost carrier plane and vectored her back to her ship. The radio operator on duty in "Willis" was subsequently commended for his action that enabled a lost aircraft and her crew to reach home safely.
"Willis" arrived at the New York Navy Yard on 25 September for repairs and got underway again on 7 October, bound for New London, Conn., in company with most of CortDiv 51. The destroyer escorts conducted ASW exercises out of New London for a week before they moved to Norfolk; whence, on 23 October they joined TG 22.3 and headed for Bermuda, their base for gunnery and ASW exercises from 25 October to 20 November.
"Willis" proceeded back to New York for an emergency availability period late in November, reaching the navy yard there on the 25th. Shortly before she left the yard to shift to Pier 92, New York, on 28 November 1944, the ship received the Presidential Unit Citation "for outstanding performance in combat as an escort vessel in two task groups with USS "Bogue" during the periods: 26 February to 19 April 1944, and 4 May to 3 July 1944."
The destroyer escort sailed on 4 December for ASW operations with TG 22.3, again formed around the now famous "Bogue". In ensuing days, the group operated off the northeastern seaboard, running into rough weather over a week after their departure from New York. At 1030 on 13 December, the wheelhouse inclinometer in Willis registered one roll of 62 degrees. The ships did not experience good hunting but investigated numerous sonar and radar contacts with negative results. On 16 December, "Willis" moored at the convoy escort piers, Norfolk, where she remained through Christmas.
Underway for the British West Indies on 26 December, "Willis" and the rest of TG 22.3 operated out of Bermuda, conducting ASW exercises from 28 December 1944 to 14 January 1945 before heading north and touching at New York City en route to Casco Bay for gunnery and ASW maneuvers. "Willis" planeguarded for "Bogue" in the carrier qualification areas off Quonset Point and Narragansett Bay before the destroyer escort put into the New York Navy Yard for availability. She returned north upon completion of those repairs and alterations and resumed her training out of Casco Bay.
After another brief, unscheduled availability-this time at the Boston Navy Yard, "Willis" again resumed training in Casco Bay before she shifted south to conduct ASW exercises out of New London. At the end of March, she became part of Task Unit (TU) 22.3.1 to conduct further training exercises before joining TG 22.14 on the last day of the month.
For most of the first week of April, "Willis" carried out a scouting patrol well off the eastern seaboard before proceeding to Hampton Roads, arriving at Norfolk on 8 April. Underway again two days later, the destroyer escort shifted north, honing her ASW skills in exercises conducted in company with "Bogue" off the coast of Rhode Island, putting into Melville, R.I., in mid-April.
On 16 April, "Willis" cleared Melville as part of TG 22.3 to conduct hunter-killer operations-known as Operation "Teardrop"-on "barrier patrol" to prevent the penetration of U-boats to the east coast of the United States. Four days out of Melville, TG 22.3 rendezvoused with TG 22.4. At 0840 on 24 April, U-546 torpedoed and sank , one of the other escort destroyers in combined screen. A search immediately began; and a covey of escorts flushed out the enemy submersible and sank her in a determined attack.
Three days later, "Willis" picked up a sonar contact and decided that it was "a possible enemy submarine." The destroyer escort fired a "hedgehog" pattern and was soon joined by , who likewise fired her "hedgehogs" at 2138. Both ships then began a retiring search in which they were soon joined by "Swenning" and "Janssen".
At 0040 the next day, the 28th, , , and joined forces with the four escorts already searching the area, but none of the ships achieved positive results. On 30 April "Willis", in company with "Swenning", TU 22.7.1 and TG 22.8, left the screen of the task group to investigate a disappearing radar contact reported by aircraft from .
Rejoining TG 22.3 on 1 May, "Willis" suffered minor storm damage when a heavy wave tore loose her number 1 gun shield, ripping a hole in the deck; but a damage control party patched the tear as the ship proceeded independently to Bayonne, N.J., for permanent repairs. While the destroyer escort was there, Germany surrendered at Reims, France, on 7 May, ending the war in Europe.
Upon completion of the repairs, "Willis", now earmarked for service in the Pacific, a theater of war-underwent a month-long availability at the Norfolk Navy Yard before sailing for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to conduct refresher training. From 2 to 15 July, the ship carried out those evolutions, after which time she sailed in company with most of the ships in CortDiv 7 for the Canal Zone.
Transfer to the Pacific.
Transiting the Panama Canal between 17 and 19 July, "Willis" reached San Diego, Calif., on 26 July and pushed on toward Hawaii at the end of the month. She arrived at Pearl Harbor on 7 August and reported for duty to the Commander, Destroyers, Pacific Fleet. For "Willis", however, there were to be no more active combat operations-because a week later, Japan-reeling under the unexpected power of a pair of atomic bombs -capitulated. World War II was over.
Post War Activity.
"Willis" trained in the Hawaiian Islands until 20 August and then departed Pearl Harbor, bound for the Marianas as part of TU 12.5.1. She reached Saipan on 30 August but got underway again the next day, escorting to the Marshalls. The ships reached Eniwetok Atoll on 3 September.
"Willis" subsequently escorted the attack transport to Saipan between 6 and 9 September and, on 13 September, proceeded from Saipan to Guam, reporting for duty upon arrival to Commander, Submarines, Pacific Fleet. She remained on operations out of Guam, probably as a target vessel for submarines, through the end of the year. She ultimately departed Apra Harbor, Guam, on 10 January, bound for home.
Reaching San Pedro on 28 January, via Pearl Harbor, "Willis" transited the Panama Canal on 19 and 20 February and reached Houston on the 26th. From there, she pushed on to Green Cove Springs, Fla. Decommissioned on 14 June 1946, "Willis" was placed in reserve and berthed at Mayport, Fla.
Reserve Status, Decommissioning, and Final Status.
"Willis" remained inactive for the next decade in Florida waters until transferred to the Philadelphia group of the Reserve Fleet on 29 August 1957. She remained there into the 1970s. Never modernized, "Willis" was considered "unessential to the defense of the United States" by mid-1972; and, on 1 July of that year, her name was struck from the Navy list. She was stripped and, on 17 August 1973, was sold to Edward O. Sanchez, of New Bedford, Mass., and scrapped.
Awards and Citations.
"Willis" was awarded one battle star for her World War II service and three Presidential Unit Citations for her work with "Bogue" in the Battle of the Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="9690693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690693" title="Tales of the Unanticipated">
Tales of the Unanticipated

Tales of the Unanticipated, known as "TOTU", is a semiprozine that was founded under the auspices of the Minnesota Science Fiction Society (known as Mn-STF or Minn-STF), and has since become independent. Like contemporaries such as "Crank! " and "Century", Tales of the Unanticipated strove from its inception to showcase fiction, poetry and articles that are ostensibly speculative fiction.
History.
The first issue of "Tales of the Unanticipated" was launched in August 1986. Over the years, notable authors who contributed fiction, articles and/or poetry have included Kate Wilhelm, Eleanor Arnason, Damon Knight, Bruce Bethke, John Sladek, Stephen Dedman, and Neil Gaiman.
Writers who had their very first published short stories premiere in TOTU include Peg Kerr, Jason Sanford, Kij Johnson, Carolyn Ives Gilman, and others who had important early appearances of their work in the magazine include Lyda Morehouse. The short story "Koan" was eventually made into the short film "The Gnostic" starring Francesco Quinn.
TOTU also has had many interviews over the years with top speculative fiction authors, such as Gaiman, Knight, Wilhelm, Sladek, Chelsea Quinn Yarbro, Larry Niven, Fritz Leiber, Kim Stanley Robinson, and George Alec Effinger and Ursula K. Le Guin. The editors are notable for paying notice to many authors of speculative fiction who are not always marketed as “genre writers,” interviewing Gore Vidal, Jonathan Carroll, and Karen Joy Fowler.
Operations.
TOTU is an anomaly in the speculative fiction magazine market in that traditionally nearly all magazines have submissions, particularly the unsolicited submissions in what is known as the slush pile, screened by lower-level readers and editors first. As of 2009, all submissions to TOTU have been read and evaluated by editor-in-chief Eric Heideman before being passed on to other editors or readers for evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="9690707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690707" title="Vladimir Popović">
Vladimir Popović

Vladimir Popović may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9690714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690714" title="Pierfrancesco Favino">
Pierfrancesco Favino

Pierfrancesco Favino (born 24 August 1969) is an Italian actor.
Life and career.
Favino was born in Rome, Italy. He has appeared in more than forty European films and television series' since the early 1990s, including Gabriele Muccino's "The Last Kiss", Gianni Amelio's "The Keys to the House", Giuseppe Tornatore's "The Unknown Woman" and Ferzan Özpetek's "Saturn in Opposition". In 1999 he starred in the HBO film "Excellent Cadavers", adaptation of Alexander Stille's novel of the same name. He received the David di Donatello award - Italian equivalent of the Oscar - in 2006 for his role in the crime film "Romanzo Criminale", directed by Michele Placido.
In 2006 he also portrayed Christopher Columbus in Twentieth Century Fox's "Night at the Museum". In 2008 he played General Glozelle, the leader of Miraz's Telmarine troops in "". He has worked with American director Ron Howard twice: in the 2009 film "Angels & Demons", adaptation of the novel of the same name by Dan Brown, in which he played the role of Inspector Ernesto Olivetti, and in the 2013 film "Rush", in which he played the role of Formula One racing car driver Clay Regazzoni.
Other significant roles include the partisan leader Peppi Grotta in Spike Lee's "Miracle at St. Anna" in 2008, the sadistic riot control force policeman Cobra in Stefano Sollima's "ACAB – All Cops Are Bastards" in 2012, the anarchist Giuseppe Pinelli in Marco Tullio Giordana's "", and the W.H.O. doctor in Marc Forster's apocalyptic-horror "World War Z" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="9690718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690718" title="CD22">
CD22

CD22 or cluster of differentiation-22, is a molecule belonging to the SIGLEC family of lectins. It is found on the surface of mature B cells and to a lesser extent on some immature B cells. Generally speaking, CD22 is a regulatory molecule that prevents the overactivation of the immune system and the development of autoimmune diseases. 
CD22 is a sugar binding transmembrane protein, which specifically binds sialic acid with an immunoglobulin (Ig) domain located at its N-terminus. The presence of Ig domains makes CD22 a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily. CD22 functions as an inhibitory receptor for B cell receptor (BCR) signalling. 
An immunotoxin, BL22, that targets this receptor is being tested at the NIH.
Interactions.
CD22 has been shown to interact with Grb2, PTPN6, LYN, SHC1 and INPP5D.

</doc>
<doc id="9690729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690729" title="Jean-François Duclerc">
Jean-François Duclerc

Jean-François Duclerc, Guadeloupe ? – Rio de Janeiro, 18 March 1711) was a French privateer and knight in the Order of Saint-Louis.
He was born in Guadeloupe as son of Jean Duclerc. He started a career in the French Navy, first as captain of a fireship and then in command of a frigate. On 10 May 1710 he sailed from La Rochelle as commander of a small fleet to attack Rio de Janeiro. He had only six ships and 1,200 men at his disposal. At the end of August 1710 they reached Rio and tried to conquer the city. The raid was a disaster. The Portuguese were notified of their arrival, and had no difficulties in crushing the small force. 400 French were killed and 700 captured, including Duclerc. Despite of the failure, Duclerc was made a knight in the Order of Saint-Louis. On 18 March 1711, Duclerc was assassinated in prison in mysterious circumstances by a group of masked men. In September 1711, a much larger French force under Duguay-Trouin did succeed in conquering Rio de Janeiro and freeing the surviving prisoners from Duclerc's raid.

</doc>
<doc id="9690736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690736" title="Rupa &amp; Co.">
Rupa &amp; Co.

Rupa & Co. (Rupa Publications) is an Indian publishing company based in Kolkata was founded in 1936 by D. Mehra at College Street in Calcutta. Also a book distributor and importer, it has published all of Chetan Bhagat's books, My Country My Life (the Autobiography of L. K. Advani), some of Ramendra Kumar's and Ruskin Bond's books, and has also published "Kaun Banega Crorepati - The Official Book", among many others. According to the publishing house, their annual production stands at approximately 240 titles currently. The logo of the company was designed by the acclaimed film maker Satyajit Ray and he asked for some books as fees for his job.
In 2012, Kapish G. Mehra, current owner of the company, launched 'Aleph Book Company', along with David Davidar, former CEO of Penguin-International and Ravi Singh, former CEO of Penguin-India.

</doc>
<doc id="9690742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690742" title="Operation Surgeon">
Operation Surgeon

Operation Surgeon was a British post-Second World War programme to exploit German aeronautics and deny German technical skills to the Soviet Union.
A list of 1,500 German scientists and technicians was drawn up. Policy was to forcibly remove "whether they liked it or not" the scientists from Germany to lessen the risk of them falling into enemy hands.
It was feared that if they were allowed to remain in Germany they might enable the Soviet Union to "achieve a long range bomber force superior to any other in the world".
Of the removed scientists in the years 1946-1947, 100 chose to work for the UK.
Many of the listed scientists had already at the inception of the operation offered their services to British Commonwealth countries, Sweden, Switzerland, Brazil and South America, and regarded working for the Soviet Union as a last resort if stopped from working in Germany and unable to find employment elsewhere in the west.
British records of the operation were made public in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9690744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690744" title="Johnson South Reef Skirmish">
Johnson South Reef Skirmish

The Johnson South Reef Skirmish of 1988 (; ) was a naval battle that took place between Chinese and Vietnamese forces over Johnson South Reef in the Spratly Islands on March 14, 1988.
Background.
During the 14th UNESCO Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission (IOC), it was agreed upon that China would establish five observation posts, including one at the Spratly Islands, for worldwide ocean survey. In March 1987, the UNESCO IOC commissioned China to build the observation post at the Spratly Islands. In April 1987, after numerous surveys and patrols, China chose the Fiery Cross Reef as the ideal location for the observation post because the unoccupied reef was remote from other claims and it was large enough for the observation post. Between January and February, Vietnamese forces began establishing a presence at surrounding reefs to monitor the Chinese activity. That led to a series of confrontations as the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) began defending its position.
Course.
China's account.
On March 13, the frigate "Nanchong" detected PAVN Vietnamese transport HQ-604 heading toward Johnson South Reef, transport HQ-605 heading toward Lansdowne Reef, and landing craft HQ-505 heading toward Collins Reef in a simultaneous three-pronged intrusion upon the disputed reefs.
At approximately 07:30 hours on Johnson South Reef, Vietnamese troops attempted to erect the Vietnam flag on the reef. It was reported that PAVN Corporal Nguyen Van Lanh and PAVN Sub Lieutenant Tran Van Phuong argued over the flag raising with PLA-N sailor Du Xianghou, which led to a pitched battle between the opposing forces on the reef. In response, Vietnamese forces, with naval transport HQ-604 in support, opened fire. PLA-N forces and the frigate "Nanchong" counter-attacked at 08:47 hours. Transport HQ-604 was set ablaze and sunk.
At 09:15 hours, the frigate "Xiangtan" arrived at Lansdowne reef and found that 9 Vietnamese marines from transport HQ-605 had already landed. The frigate " Xiangtan" immediately hailed the Vietnamese and demanded they withdraw from the reef. Instead, the Vietnamese opened fire . The HQ-605 was damaged heavily and finally sunk by the Chinese.
Vietnam's account.
In January 1988, China sent a group of ships from Hainan to southern part of the South China Sea. This included four ships despatched to the Western North of the Spratly Islands. The four ships then began provocating and harassing the Vietnamese ships around Tizard Bank and the London Reefs. Vietnam believed this battle group intended to create a context to "occupy the Spratly Islands in a preventive counterstrike".
In response, two transport ships from the Vietnam Navy's Brigade 125, the HQ-604 and HQ-505, were mobilized. They carried nearly 100 army officers and men to Johnson South Reef, Collin Reef, and Lansdowne Reef in the Spratly Islands. On March 14, 1988, as the soldiers from the HQ-604 were moving construction materials to Johnson South Reef, the four Chinese ships arrived.
Commander Tran Duc Thong ordered Second Lieutenant Tran Van Phuong and two men, Nguyen Van Tu and Nguyen Van Lanh, to rush to the reef in a small boat and the Vietnam flag that had been planted there the previous day. The Chinese landed armed soldiers on the reef, and the PLA-N frigates opened fire on the Vietnamese ships. Both the HQ-604 and HQ-605 (all armed transports) were sunk. The HQ-505 armed transport was ordered to run aground on Collin reef to prevent the Chinese from taking it.
Vietnamese soldiers, most of them unarmed, formed a circle on the reef to protect the Vietnamese flag. The Chinese attacked, and the Vietnamese soldiers resisted as best they could. A skirmish ensured in which the Chinese shot and bayoneted dead some Vietnamese soldiers, but they were unable to capture the flag. The Chinese finally retreated enabling PLA-N frigates to open fire on the reef's defenders. When all of the Vietnamese had been killed or wounded, the Chinese occupied the reef and began building a bunker. Vietnam reported that 64 Vietnamese soldiers had been killed in the battle.
Vietnam also accused China of refusing allowing Vietnam's Red Cross ship to recover bodies and wounded soldiers.
Independent account.
Cheng Tun-jen and Tien Hung-mao, two American professors, summarized the battle as following: in late 1987, the PRC started deploying troops to some of the unoccupied reefs of the Spratly Islands. Soon after the PLA stormed the Johnson South Reef on 14 March 1988, a skirmish began between Vietnamese troops and PRC landing parties. Within a year, the PLA occupied and took over seven reefs and rocks in the Spratly Islands.
Koo Min Gyo, Assistant Professor in the Department of Public Administration at Yonsei University, Seoul, Korea, reported the battle's course was as follows: On 31 January 1988, two Vietnamese armed cargo ships approached the Fiery Cross Reef to get construction material to build structures signifying Vietnam's claim over the reef. However, the PLA-N intercepted the ships and forceded them away from the reef. On 17 February, a group of Chinese ships (a PLA-N destroyer, escort, and transport ships) and several Vietnamese ships (a minesweeper and armed freighter) all attempted to land troops at Cuarteron Reef. Eventually the outgunned Vietnamese ships were forced to withdraw. On 13 and 14 March, a PLAN guided missile escort ship was surveying the Johnson reef until it spotted three Vietnamese ships approaching its location. Both sides dispatched troops to occupy Johnson Reef. After shots were fired by ground forces on the reef, the Chinese and Vietnamese ships opened fire on each other.
Aftermath.
China moved quickly to follow up on its victory. By the end of 1988, it had occupied six reefs and atolls in the Spratly Islands.
In 1994, China had a similar confrontation by asserting its ownership of Mischief Reef, which was inside the claimed EEZ of the Philippines. However, the Philippines only made a political protest, since according the Henry L. Stimson Center, the Philippine Navy decided to avoid direct confrontation. This was partly based on the Johnson South Reef Skirmish, in which the Chinese had killed Vietnamese troops even though the conflict took place near the Vietnamese-controlled area.

</doc>
<doc id="9690753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690753" title="Pierre des Maizeaux">
Pierre des Maizeaux

Pierre des Maizeaux, also spelled Desmaizeaux (c. 1666 or 1673 – June 1745), was a French Huguenot writer exiled in London, best known as the translator and biographer of Pierre Bayle.
He was born in Pailhat, Auvergne, France. His father, a minister of the reformed church, had to leave France on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, and took refuge in Geneva, where Pierre was educated. Pierre Bayle gave him an introduction to the 3rd Lord Shaftesbury, with whom, in 1689, he went to England, where he engaged in literary work. He remained in close touch with the religious refugees in England and Holland, and through his involvement with the Huguenot information centre based at the masonic Rainbow Coffee House he was constantly in correspondence with the leading continental savants and writers, who were in the habit of employing him to conduct such business as they might have in England. In 1720 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society.
He was a colleague of Anthony Collins and edited the writings of John Locke (1720). He was the translator and biographer of Pierre Bayle. One of the key figures in the eighteenth century Republic of Letters and London's Huguenot diaspora. Des Maizeaux also translated the works of Charles de Saint-Évremond in English from the French published in 1714 during his exile in England. The book also described the author's life. The work was dedicated to the Right Honourable Charles Lord Halifax. In 1700 des Maizeaux wrote a remark concerning Leibniz' 'New System' and in 1720 he edited and prefaced a French translation of the Leibniz–Clarke correspondence.
Among his works are also "Vie de St Evremond" (1711), "Vie de Boileau-Despreaux" (1712), "Vie de Bayle" (1730). He also took an active part in preparing the "Bibliothèque raisonnée des ouvrages de l'Europe (1728–1753)", and the "Bibliothèque britannique (1733–1747)", and edited a selection of St. Evremond's writings (1706). Part of Des Maiseaux's correspondence is preserved in the British Museum, and other letters are in the Royal Library in Copenhagen.
Des Maizeaux died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9690756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690756" title="Jovon Johnson">
Jovon Johnson

Jovon Johnson (born November 2, 1983 in Erie, Pennsylvania) is a Canadian football defensive back for the Ottawa RedBlacks of the Canadian Football League. Johnson was the winner of the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award in 2011, becoming the first defensive back to win the award in the league. He is also a two-time CFL All-Star and four time CFL East Division All-Star. In addition, he was a member of the 2007 Saskatchewan Roughriders that won the Grey Cup, though he spent little time on the active roster and finished the penultimate game on the practice roster. He was also a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
High School and Collegiate Career.
Johnson played his high school ball (and basketball) at Mercyhurst Prep. He attended the University of Iowa.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers after cornerback Chidi Iwuoma and linebacker Richard Seigler were placed on injured reserve. He spent all of his playing time on the Steelers' special teams recording 1 tackle and 1 assist. He was released from the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 1, 2007.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
The Saskatchewan Roughriders signed Johnson on October 5, 2007 to a contract with and placed on their Developmental Squad. He made his CFL debut October 21, 2007 against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Erie RiverRats.
At the end of February in 2008, he was signed by his hometown Erie RiverRats of the AIFA. In early 2007 he had signed to play with the city's previous AIFA franchise, the now defunct Erie Freeze, but did not play for the Freeze and decided to play for the Steelers instead.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Johnson was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in April 2008 and started 17 of 18 games during the 2008 CFL season. He led the Bombers in defensive tackles with 57 and added 3 INTs.
He then returned to RiverRats for the 2009 AIFA season following a contract signing in January 2009. He was still under contract in the CFL however the season starts later in the year which would allow him to play in the AIFA. After only one game, it was found out that there was a clause in Johnson's contract with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers that prevents him from playing with any other team. With that, he returned to Winnipeg.
The 2011 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season proved to be a successful one for Johnson, helping to lead the Bombers to their first division title in ten years. He was part of a noteworthy Bombers' defence that had self-titled itself 'Swaggerville' and was named the CFL East Division's most outstanding defensive player. Following this, Johnson was named a CFL East Division all-star for the third consecutive time, as well as being named to his second CFL All-Star team a short time later. Johnson followed this up with an appearance as the first defensive back to win the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award. He won the award as the standout player on a team full of talented defensive backs who led the league in fewest passing yards allowed, holding opponents to the lowest pass completion percentage, and led the league with most team interceptions. Johnson accomplished this with teammates such as Jonathan Hefney, Alex Suber, and Brandon Stewart. Johnson continued to play at a high level for thr 2012 and 2013 seasons. Through 6 seasons with the Blue Bombers Johnson amassed 363 tackles, 8 special teams tackles, 23 interceptions, 8 fumble recoveries and 7 defensive touchdowns. Following the 2013 Johnson, age 30, was not resigned by the Bombers, becoming a free-agent on February 11, 2014.
Ottawa RedBlacks.
On February 12, 2014, Jackson signed with the Ottawa RedBlacks of the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9690769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690769" title="Mangrove forests of Qeshm">
Mangrove forests of Qeshm

The Mangrove forests of Qeshm or Hara forests of Qeshm is the common name for mangrove forests on the southern coast of Iran, particularly on and near the island of Qeshm in the Persian Gulf. Dominated by the species "Avicennia marina", known locally as the "hara" or "harra" tree, the forests represent an important ecological resource. The "Hara Protected Area" on Quesm and the nearby mainland is a biosphere reserve where commercial use is restricted to fishing (mainly shrimp), tourist boat trips, and limited mangrove cutting for animal feed.
Hara tree characteristics.
The hara tree, "Avicennia marina", grows to heights of three to eight meters and has bright green leaves and twigs. The tree is a salt-water plant that is often submerged at high tide. It usually blossoms and bears fruit from mid-July to August, with yellow flowers and a sweet almond-like fruit. The seeds fall into the water, where wave action takes them to more stationary parts of the sea. The hara seeds become fixed in the soil layers of the sea and grow. The area on the north shore of Qeshm and the neighboring mainland is particularly suited to the growth of the plant, and large mangrove forests have developed.
The long, narrow, oval leaves of the tree have nutritious value for livestock roughly equivalent to barley and alfalfa. The roots of the tree are knee-form, aerial, sponge-like and usually external. There is a filtration property in the hara tree's bark which allows the plant to absorb sweet water while salt is eliminated.
Forest extent and significance.
The hara forest on Qeshm and the opposite mainland covers an area of approximately 20 km by 20 km, with many tidal channels. The traditional stock breeders of Qeshm Island used the leaves of the hara tree for feeding livestock. In 1972 the Hara Protected Area was established to preserve suitable conditions for the growth and maintenance of the forests.
The area is a major habitat for migratory birds in the cold season, and for reptiles, fish, and varieties of arthropoda and bivalves. Green (or hooked) turtles and venomous aquatic snakes are also indigenous to the forests. Bird life includes herons, flamingos, pelicans, and angler eagles. Another important feature of these forests is the appropriate and suitable seabed conditions for the ovulation of fish in the Persian Gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="9690791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690791" title="Vignesh (actor)">
Vignesh (actor)

Vignesh is a Tamil film actor from Erode. Tamil Nadu, India. He has acted in several movies including "Kizhakku Cheemayile", "Kathali", "Raman Abdullah", "Velai", "Appu", "Ilango", "Ennai Thalatta Varuvala", "Soori" and "Aacharya".
Even though he has acted in several films, he was unable to get a breakthrough, and notably turned down an offer to star in Bala's "Sethu", which went on to catapult Vikram to stardom.
Career.
He then starred in "Chellakkannu", which told the tragic story of a young couple caught between feuding families, and the film performed well and ran for over one hundred days at the box office. The film had featured him alongside actress Yuvarani, as did "Pasumpon", while his "Nadodi Mannan" became a box office failure.
For "Soori", Vignesh had to tonsure his head for 70 times. His performance received mixed reviews with critics claiming that Vignesh "tends to go slightly overboard, especially when he howls aloud in agony and "his cries seem over the top". The film went unnoticed at box office, post-release Vignesh signed two projects titled "Ilango" and "Parithi" with both failing to proceed after launch.

</doc>
<doc id="9690820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690820" title="Bandō Mitsugorō III">
Bandō Mitsugorō III

Names.
Like most Kabuki actors, and many artists of his time, Mitsugorō bore a number of names. The third to bear the name Bandō Mitsugorō, he was also called Bandō Minosuke I, Morita Kanjirō II and Bandō Mitahachi I earlier in his career. A member of the Yamato-ya guild, he could be called by this name as well (see "yagō"). Finally, Mitsugorō was known in poetry circles as Shūka, and as he developed something of a reputation on the streets of Edo, he acquired the nickname "Eiki no Oyagata" (boss of the Eiki district).
Lineage.
Born into a family of actors, his parents were Bandō Mitsugorō I and Morita Kanya VI's daughter; Morita Kanya V and Nakamura Jūsuke I were his grandfathers. Mitsugorō was adopted by Morita Kanya VIII, and was the son-in-law of Ogino Izaburō II. Later in his career, he adopted three sons, Morita Kanya X, Morita Kanya XI and Bandō Shūka I, and raised them in the theatre.
Life and career.
Born in Edo in 1775, he made his stage debut at the age of three, at the Morita-za, under the name Bandō Mitahachi I. The young actor took a number of different stage names over the course of his childhood, becoming the third Bandō Mitsugorō at the Nakamura-za in 1799. His father died in 1782.
As the 19th century began, Mitsugorō performed in a great number of plays and a myriad of roles, both male and female, at the Morita-za, Nakamura-za, and Ichimura-za theatres. He came to be known for his dancing, and in particular for "hengemono", dance plays in which he would quick-change through a number of roles. Though he played mostly women in these dance plays, he also frequently played sumo wrestlers, and lead hero roles in some of the most popular and famous kabuki plays.
In May 1815, he performed at the Kawarazaki-za alongside Iwai Hanshirō V, Matsumoto Kōshirō V and Ichikawa Danjūrō VII, some of the most famous actors of the time. Over the years, he developed a rivalry with "kamigata" actor Nakamura Utaemon III, also known as Shikan. These types of rivalries were not uncommon in the kabuki world, particularly between actors from Edo and Kamigata, but were likely friendly rivalries, promoted more by the fans and by the theatre managers, rather than by genuine ill-feelings on the parts of the actors towards one another. The two would perform together many times, both in Edo and in Kamigata, their rivalry extending over many years.
Following a "hengemono" farewell performance, Mitsugorō left Edo and moved to Osaka in December 1820. There, he performed primarily at the Kado no Shibai, and frequently alongside Utaemon III. He also spent time performing in Nagoya, and in Kyoto at the Kitagawa no Shibai, two cities where kabuki was far less prolific than in Edo and Osaka.
Mitsugorō was ranked as "goku-jō-jō-kichi" (extreme-superior-superior-excellent) in the 1822 "hyōbanki" (a popular publication ranking and evaluating actors and performances). In February of that year, his rivalry with Utaemon III reached its climax. Both actors simultaneously played the popular and powerful role of the thief Ishikawa Goemon at different theaters.
He returned to Edo soon afterwards, marking the end of his 13-month stay in Kamigata. Over the following years, he would perform many more times, primarily at the Ichimura-za. In addition to sumo wrestler roles and "hengemono" quick-change dances, he played a number of different roles in "Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami", "Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura", "Tōkaidō Yotsuya Kaidan", and other very popular and famous plays.
His last performance was in November 1831, in "Matsu o Chikara Tomoe no Fuji Nami" at the Kawarazaki-za. The following month he fell ill and died.

</doc>
<doc id="9690822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690822" title="Tony Ugoh">
Tony Ugoh

Anthony Ike "Tony" Ugoh, Jr. (born November 17, 1983) is a former American football offensive tackle who played for five seasons in the National Football League (NFL). After playing college football for Arkansas, he was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played for the Colts from 2007 to 2009, the Detroit Lions in 2010, and the New York Giants in 2011.
Early years.
Ugoh's parents are originally from Nigeria. He played football at Wells Middle School and at Westfield High School, both in Houston, Texas.
College career.
Ugoh played college football at the University of Arkansas. During his career he started 35 of 43 games and was chosen as a third-team All-America by the Associated Press and first-team All-Southeastern Conference as a senior. He also competed in discus and weight throw for the Razorback track team.
Professional career.
Indianapolis Colts.
Ugoh was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft, after the Colts gave up a first-round pick in 2008 for the chance to move up in the 2007 draft and select him. He took over as the starting left tackle after Tarik Glenn retired during the offseason. The Colts waived Ugoh on September 8, 2010.
Detroit Lions.
On December 10, 2010, the Lions worked Ugoh out and then signed him the next day to take the roster spot of linebacker Isaiah Ekejiuba, who was placed on injured reserve due to a knee injury. Ugoh's signing was seen as insurance if starting right tackle Gosder Cherilus was unable to play in the Lions' week 14 game against the Green Bay Packers due to a knee injury. He was released on August 14, 2011.
New York Giants.
On December 7, 2011, the New York Giants signed Ugoh as a free agent, after placing Stacy Andrews on injured reserve. He became a free agent after the season.
Kansas City Chiefs.
The Kansas City Chiefs signed Ugoh on July 26, 2012. He retired four days later.

</doc>
<doc id="9690865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690865" title="Fire Serpent">
Fire Serpent

Fire Serpent is a 2007 Sci Fi Channel film.
Plot.
A solar flare from the sun sends a serpentine alien of fire to Earth, where it begins to wreak havoc among a small community in its search for more fuel, in the form of a large military oil reserve. An old man holds the key to destroy it: the Halogen Gun which is used as fire extinguisher. With another young man and an assisting woman, they all stand up to battle the creature. Yet, they face challenges, including a government employer, who voluntarily helps the snake since he believes the snake was a God form.

</doc>
<doc id="9690873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690873" title="Park Mains High School">
Park Mains High School

Park Mains High School is a secondary school in Erskine, Renfrewshire. It is one of the biggest schools in Scotland. As well as taking in students from the town it also enrols them from the surrounding areas of Bishopton, Inchinnan and Langbank. Michael Dewar is the head teacher. He was previously the head teacher of Auchenharvie Academy, Ayrshire.
New school building (2012-present).
Renfrewshire Council granted a new multi-million pound rebuild of the school. The new building was opened in August 2012 at a cost of £31m. It was designed, planned and constructed by Bam Construction. The building offers a larger, brighter space for the pupils to feel in a social hub whilst still being in a controlled learning environment. One key feature of the school is the central 'street area' flooded with natural sunlight and creating a more encouraging and peaceful school space. The school's new sports complex boasts an enormous multi-use games hall and gymnasium. In the fitness suite several pieces of equipment have built in TV channels and the room has 2 flat-screen TVs playing out the latest chart hits. The site of the old school building is now a £400,000 multi-use 3G sports pitch with running track. There is also hockey pitches and a rugby field. The school building has regularly featured in architectural publications. It has received award nominations for its design and construction.
Along with the move to the new building, the school initiated a smarter uniform to help improve the ethos of the school. This required blazers for all S5 and S6 pupils and girls to wear knee length skirts. Blazers remained optional for S1-S4 as did trousers for girls in cold weather.
The old school took 69 days in total to completely demolish.
Guidance.
Pupils are assigned to a guidance group in their first year at Park Mains. The guidance groups are named after tributaries of the River Clyde. These are Cart, Calder, Endrick, Gryffe, Kelvin and Leven. Pupils remain in these groups until their departure from the school.
Local connections.
Park Mains High serves the following local schools:
On several occasions, the school has been known to take in pupils from St. John Bosco Primary School and St. Annes Primary School who tend to lead on to their main connection at Trinity High School in Renfrew.

</doc>
<doc id="9690889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690889" title="1959 in Northern Ireland">
1959 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9690903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690903" title="Vladimir Popović (actor)">
Vladimir Popović (actor)

Vladimir Popović (17 August 1935 – 12 May 1981) was a famous Yugoslavian actor. He was also credited as Vlada Popović and Vlado Popović.

</doc>
<doc id="9690908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690908" title="Pokeweed mitogen">
Pokeweed mitogen

Pokeweed mitogen is a mitogen derived from "Phytolacca americana". It functions as a lectin.

</doc>
<doc id="9690915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690915" title="Heteropteryx dilatata">
Heteropteryx dilatata

Heteropteryx dilatata, also known as jungle nymph, "Malaysian stick insect", Malayan jungle nymph, or Malayan wood nymph, is a large member of the Phasmatodea, commonly kept in captivity. It originates in Malaya and is nocturnal. This insect holds the world record for the largest egg laid by an insect. The eggs are about 1.3cm (0.5in) in length.
Description.
Females reach a length of , one of the world's heaviest bugs, and the males a length of . The females of this species are very aggressive and much larger, wider, and brighter-colored than the male. The female is lime green and has short, rounded wings, however their short length doesn't allow them to fly. The males are much smaller and a mottled brown colour. Both sexes have small spikes on their upper bodies, more numerous in the female, who also has very large spines on her hind legs that can snap together as a scissor-like weapon. 
Reproduction.
Females are born a beige color, which fades as it molts, while the male is a darker brown. This species produces sexually. The female will deposit the dark, circular eggs in moist soil. The eggs take from 12 to 14 months to hatch. 
Captivity.
They eat bramble, oak, blackberry, raspberry, and ivy, along with other leaves. Their temperature conditions should be between to and should have a high humidity level, provided by spraying the enclosure with water. They live up to two years in captivity. 

</doc>
<doc id="9690948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690948" title="Siskiyou Wilderness">
Siskiyou Wilderness

The Siskiyou Wilderness is a federal wilderness area designated by the passage of the California Wilderness Act of 1984. Originally, the land area was The Northern California Wild Heritage Act of 2006 added for the current total of . All of the wilderness is in Northern California and is managed by the U.S. Forest Service. The wilderness spans three national forests; Siskiyou, Klamath, and the Six Rivers.
The Siskiyou Mountains form one of the longest continuous crests in the Klamath Mountains region. Elevations range from to the summit of Preston Peak at above sea level. Trending in a north-south direction from the Oregon state border down to near the town of Weitchpec and inland from the Pacific Ocean, the Siskiyous are dotted by rocky peaks rising over from the surrounding lowlands.
Flora and fauna.
The Siskiyou Wilderness contains a diverse collection of conifer species including rarities such as Alaska cedar, Port Orford cedar, and the Klamath Mountain endemic Brewer Spruce. It is notable for the vast amounts of old-growth forests and many endemic species of wildflowers, shrubs and trees as well as one of the world's largest concentrations of lilies.
The wilderness is home to several rare species, including wolverine, martin, fisher, northern spotted owl and Roosevelt elk. There is also black bear, black-tailed deer, and many varieties of birds. The clear streams provide spawning grounds for steelhead, coho and chinook salmon.
Recreation.
The wilderness is very lightly used, even though it has 16 trailhead access points.
The Clear Creek National Recreation Trail crosses of the northern portion and provides access to some of the more scenic parts of the wilderness -- from near the Klamath River to the Smith River (California) divide. In the southern part of the wilderness the Kelsey National Recreation Trail begins in the wilderness at Bear Lake and the experienced hiker can walk for 20+ miles to the Smith River. The most heavily visited areas are in the northwest corner of the region -- concentrated on trails that lead to lakes. Much of the area lacks trails and is difficult to access cross-country because of the dense brush. The Bigfoot Trail traverses the crest of the wilderness from north to south, through some of the most remote areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9690968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690968" title="Ice Cold Ice">
Ice Cold Ice

"Ice Cold Ice" is a song by Hüsker Dü from their album "". The song was released in the United Kingdom as both an EP and a single.
The song, written and sung by Bob Mould, features a call and response between Mould and backing vocalist Grant Hart similar to some of the group's previous songs, such as "Makes No Sense At All". It has an unusual ending - it appears to be a fade-out at first, but just as it fades to nothing, a thunderous final chord brings the song to a conclusion. The live version of ""The Wit & The Wisdom has lyrics though they are hard to decipher. The original instrumental appeared on the album "Flip Your Wig".
This was the band's final release before breaking up in January 1988.
Track listing.
EP<br>
Side One
Side Two
Single<br>
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="9690998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9690998" title="Adams Street and Boerum Place Line">
Adams Street and Boerum Place Line

The Adams Street and Boerum Place Line was a public transit line in Downtown Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running along Boerum Place and Adams Street. It served as access for the Atlantic Avenue Railroad to the City Hall area.
History.
In 1873, the New York State Legislature passed a law authorizing the Atlantic Avenue Railroad, which included tracks through Atlantic Avenue from South Ferry to Flatbush Avenue, to build a branch north on Boerum Place and Adams Street to Front and Water Streets, where it would run to Fulton Ferry, using Water Street westbound and Front Street eastbound. It would use some Brooklyn City and Newtown Railroad (DeKalb Avenue Line) trackage in Front Street and Coney Island and Brooklyn Railroad (Smith Street Line) trackage in Water Street. After some delay caused by disagreements over the grade of the street and an injunction from the DeKalb Avenue Line over the use of its tracks in Front and Fulton Streets, the new line opened on May 13, 1874. By 1880, both directions had moved to Front Street, and the track on Adams Street between Front and Water Streets was unused.
On February 2, 1885, the Atlantic Avenue Railroad leased the South Brooklyn Central Railroad (Bergen Street Line), which ran from the Hamilton Ferry along Sackett Street, Hoyt Street, and Bergen Street to Albany Avenue. Tracks were laid in Boerum Place and Bergen Street, connecting this new acquisition to the junction at Atlantic Avenue and Boerum Place, and a new crosstown routing (the Hoyt and Sackett Streets Line) between Hamilton Ferry and Fulton Ferry, along Sackett Street, Hoyt Street, Bergen Street, Boerum Place, Smith Street, and Front and Water Streets, began operations on December 14, 1885. The line was changed to electric trolley operations on July 10, 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="9691010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691010" title="That Night in Varennes">
That Night in Varennes

That Night in Varennes (; ) is a 1982 Italian and French drama film directed by Ettore Scola. It is based on a novel by Catherine Rihoit. It tells the story of a fictional meeting between Restif de la Bretonne, Giacomo Casanova, Thomas Paine and Sophie de la Borde (a lady in waiting to the Queen). They are all traveling together in a coach that is a few hours behind the one that is carrying King Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette in their flight to Varennes during the French Revolution.
The film was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9691011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691011" title="List of inline hockey clubs">
List of inline hockey clubs

The following is a list of clubs and leagues dedicated to the sport of inline hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="9691015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691015" title="Aanandham">
Aanandham

Aanandham () is a 2001 Tamil language family-drama film directed by N. Linguswamy and produced by R. B. Choudary. The film features an ensemble cast of Mammootty, Murali, Abbas, Devayani, Rambha and Sneha in leading roles, while Delhi Ganesh and Srividya play other supporting roles. Arthur A. Wilson handled cinematography, while S. A. Rajkumar composed the film's score and soundtrack. The film opened in May 2001 to positive reviews and commercial success, prompting remakes in other Indian regional languages.
Plot.
Tirupathi (Mammootty) is the eldest of four brothers and the head of a respected family in the village. He has struggled to bring his family out of poverty and put his other two brothers, Kannan (Abbas) and Surya (Shyam Ganesh), through college. His younger brother Madhavan (Murali) has provided able support. Tirupathi marries Bharathi (Devayani) who fits into the family admirably. But the arrival of Renuka (Rambha) as Madhavan's wife signals the start of problems as she doesn't like her husband's obeisance to Tirupati. Kannan falls in love with the village rich man's daughter Viji (Sneha) but is willing to give her up to save his family from the man's ire.
Production.
The director Linguswamy revealed that the film was inspired by moments in his lifeand through a series of incidents his mother had narrated to him. Thus when R. B. Choudary gave him an opportunity, he narrated the stories and he found the producer had found them highly appealing. The director had previously assisted Vikraman in "Vaanathaippola", another family drama on brothers. Linguswamy originally wanted to title the project, "Thirupathi Brothers", which he later went on to name his production house. Another early working title for the film was "Thamirabharani".
Ramya Krishnan was initially signed on to play heroine but Mammooty cast his doubts over her involvement after the pair had fallen out on the sets of a previous Malayalam film, and she was subsequently replaced by Soundarya. Devayani was initially supposed to feature as Murali's pair in the film, but after Soundarya opted out, she was given the senior actress role of Mammooty's pair. Shooting was held at locations in Chennai, Ooty and Mettyupalayam among other places.
Release.
"Aanandham" opened to positive reviews in May 2001, with a critic noting that "it is a promising work from the debutant director". The film went on to win the Filmfare Award for Best Tamil Films in the 2002 ceremony as well as being honoured as the Best Tamil Film at the Cinema Express Awards. "Aanandham" also received two awards from the Tamil Nadu State, winning third best film and Best Actress for Sneha, who was recognized for this film alongside her work in "Virumbugiren" and "Punnagai Desam". Newspaper, The Hindu also listed the film amongst the best of 2001.
"Aanandham" emerged as one of the most successful Tamil films of 2001, earning a very successful box office return. The success of the film prompted several Malayalam film-makers to dub their films into Tamil to capitulate on Mammooty's regained success in Tamil industry. Producer R. B. Choudary launched another film titled "Samudhiram" on family bonding soon after this film's release, with the new film featuring Sarathkumar, Murali and Manoj as brothers. A Telugu remake was released in 2005 as "Sankranthi" by Muppalaneni Shiva, starring Venkatesh, Srikanth, Sharwanand, Sneha and Arti Agarwal in lead roles.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was composed by S. A. Rajkumar, was well received by the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="9691018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691018" title="Norman Joseph Woodland">
Norman Joseph Woodland

Norman Joseph Woodland (also known as N. Joseph Woodland and N. J. Woodland; September 6, 1921 – December 9, 2012) was best known as one of the inventors of the barcode, for which he received US Patent 2,612,994 in October 1952.
Biography.
Woodland was born in Atlantic City, New Jersey on September 6, 1921 to Jewish parents, the elder of two boys. 
After graduating from Atlantic City High School, Woodland went on to earn his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering (BSME) from Drexel University (then called Drexel Institute of Technology) in 1947. During his military service in World War II, Woodland worked as a technical assistant with the Manhattan Project in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. From 1948-1949, he worked as a lecturer in mechanical engineering at Drexel.
Barcode.
In 1948, Bernard Silver, a fellow Drexel Institute of Technology grad student with Woodland, overheard a supermarket executive asking the dean of students to figure out how to capture product information automatically at checkout. The dean turned down the request, but Silver went on to mention the problem to Woodland. After working on some preliminary ideas, Woodland was persuaded that they could create a viable product.
Woodland took some stock market earnings, quit his teaching job and moved to his grandfather's Florida apartment. While at the beach, Woodland again considered the problem, recalling, from his Boy Scout training, how with Morse code dots and dashes are used to send information electronically, he started to draw dots and dashes in the sand similar to the shapes used in Morse code. After pulling them downward with his fingers, producing thin lines resulting from the dots and thick lines from the dashes, he came up with the concept of a two-dimensional, linear Morse code, and after sharing it with Silver and adapting movie soundtrack technology, they applied for a patent on October 20, 1949, receiving U.S. Patent 2,612,994 ("Classifying Apparatus and Method") on October 7, 1952, covering both linear and circular bullseye printing designs. 
Woodland was employed by IBM in 1951, and although Woodland and Silver wanted IBM to develop the technology, it wasn't commercially feasible, so they sold the patent to Philco in 1952 for $15,000, which sold it to RCA later in 1952. RCA went on to attempt to develop commercial applications through the 1960s until the patent expired in 1969. 
After RCA interested the National Association of Food Chains in 1969 in the idea, and they formed the U.S. Supermarket Ad Hoc Committee on a Uniform Grocery Product Code, rival IBM became involved in 1971, finding out about Woodland's work and transferring him to their North Carolina facilities, where he played a key role in developing the most important version of the technology, the Universal Product Code (UPC), beating RCA in a competition.
The first item scanned was a packet of chewing gum in an Ohio supermarket in 1974.
Death.
Woodland died from the effects of Alzheimer's disease on December 9, 2012, in Edgewater, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9691034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691034" title="Orly Air Base">
Orly Air Base

Orly Air Base was a United States Air Force Facility during the early part of the Cold War, located at Aeroport de Paris-Orly, nine miles (15 km) south of Paris, France. The American Air Base was located on the north side of the airport, in an area east of the current-day Val-de Marne Essonne.
The facility was first developed as a military airfield by the Air Service, American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) during World War I. With the end of the war, in 1920 it was eventually developed into a civil airport. 
After the World War II 1940 Battle of France, the occupying German Luftwaffe sized the facility and used it as a combat airfield. In 1944, the Germans were driven out and it subsequently became an Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) designated A-47 for the United States Army Air Force Ninth Air Force. 
Rebuilt after the war as a joint civilian airport/NATO facility, the primary use of was designated Orly Air Base was to meet the needs of personnel supporting Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) at Rocquencourt, with secondary functions as a personnel processing center for inbound and outbound personnel assigned to France and as a limited operational transport base. In 1967 the American military facilities were closed as a result of France's withdrawal from NATO's integrated military command.
History.
Paris Orly Airport today is the alternate airport to Charles de Gaulle Airport and is Paris's second major airport. Its civil origins begin in 1920, however its beginnings date to World War I, and the entry of the United States into the conflict on the Western Front. 
World War I.
Origins.
The Air Service, United States Army had no suitable combat aircraft of its own when it entered the conflict in April 1917, In order to provide an effective contribution to the Allied war effort, it would be required to obtain front-line combat aircraft from its British and French allies. As nearly all of the French aircraft factories were in the Paris area at the time, a place was necessary for the American Air Service to receive aircraft from the French manufacturers in the Paris area where they could be inspected, tested, equipped and be sent to the front line combat units.
A joint French and American military team inspected various locations in the Paris area. A suitable location of four fields was located on the Fountainbleau Road, 12 km south-east from the center of Paris, and 1.5 km northeast of the suburb of Orly. Today the location is part of the Greater City of Paris, the location of its headquarters being on the north side of the present-day Orly Airport in a built-up area at the southeast corner of the intersection of the Avenue de L'Europe and Rue d'Amsterdam ().
American Air Service Acceptance Park No. 1.
The American Aviation Acceptance Park was formally established on 31 March 1918, when the 6th Company, 2d Regiment Air Service mechanics arrived from the 2d Air Instructional Center at Tours Aerodrome in Central France in twenty-five trucks, and established themselves on the field. At the time there were only two wooden barracks partially completed at the site and it was not yet ready for use. The Americans slept in their trucks that night, being awakened at 2:30am by a German air raid, the Gotha Bombers flying over what is now Orly Airport. Later that day, the Americans completed the two barracks and started construction on a third one. Eventually the facility was covered into a large aviation facility generally known as Orly Aerodrome, with scores of buildings, 78 aircraft hangars, several miles of cinder and gravel roads, water, sewer, electrical and telephone facilities. On Armistice Day, 11 November 1918, there were 323 Officers and 2,283 enlisted men assigned.
An organizational structure was established which established three main groups: Airplane Operations; Engineering, and Post Operations, which were, in turn, sub-divided into various Divisions and Sections. A parts Depot (Air Depot No. 4), was never developed as such, and was used basically for parts storage to support the internal operations of Orly Field. The Post Operations group was concerned with the administration of the facility, such as security, provost, fire marshal, quartermaster department, the post office (APO 702) and other miscellaneous offices. During 1918, construction was an ongoing process at Orly and the war ended before it was fully completed. The Engineering Department was responsible for the various shops needed to repair aircraft. Aircraft rigging, installing aircraft engines, overhauling engines, sheet metal fabrication, electronics, carpentry, fuselage and wing repairs, rubber and tire vulcanizing and the like were performed by the unit.
The first meaningful use of Orly Aerodrome with the arrival of the first aircraft on 6 April 1918, when three Sopwith 1A2s landed at the field from Le Bourget Airport. The first aircraft was flown out on 20 April. During the first month of operation, a total of 37 aircraft were flown from Orly to the Front and to various training schools. At this early stage of operations, there were still few personnel assigned and much of the equipment for the Park had not yet arrived. The operations were very much makeshift until June, when the number of personnel had increased and considerably more equipment was available. 
The acceptance procedure for new aircraft being delivered to Orly became that when the plane was delivered to the field by ferrying pilots, it was directed to the Receiving Division. There were several sections for the various types of aircraft (SPAD, Sopwith, Salmson, etc.), being received. There, the section would perform an cursory inspection of the aircraft and determine if it needed additional equipment was needed. If it needed a Radio, for example, it was transferred to the Radio Section. If it needed armament, it was sent to the Armament Section, etc. Once any necessary equipment was installed, the aircraft then was sent to the Inspection Section for a careful inspection to see that all corrections and any repairs necessary to the aircraft were made to insure it was ready for dispatch. After the inspection was passed, a thirty minute flight test was made of the aircraft to verify its readiness. 
Once fully inspected and flight-tested, the aircraft would either be flown out by ferry pilots assigned to the Dispatch Section to the 1st Air Depot for eventual combat operations or to one of the Training Schools. Planes to be sent directly into combat were sent fully equipped, while aircraft being sent as replacements were, as a rule, sent out partially or not equipped because guns, radios and other equipment could be installed either by the 1st Air Depot or the combat squadrons from stocks taken from salvaged planes there. By the time of the Armistice, the Air Service Acceptance Park No. 1 dispatched 1,809 aircraft, fully equipped and 332 planes unequipped. The average length of time between the arrival of an aircraft at Orly until it was Dispatched with a full compliment of equipment was two or three days. 
1,103 aircraft were sent to the various training schools throughout France, making a total of 3,244 aircraft processed by the Air Service Acceptance Park No. 1 at Orly. In cases where it was not on order, it was transferred to the Storage Section where it was placed in a hangar, awaiting dispatch. Each aircraft in storage was re-inspected every five days to insure it was ready for dispatch. 
It was important that each aircraft flown into Orly be fully accounted for on a daily basis, and complete records of each aircraft, its condition, the amount of work done on it, the equipment installed was fully documented. Each night an inventory was made of all aircraft at the field which was sent to the Commanding Officer each morning, with a copy sent to Air Service headquarters at Chaumont and one to AEF headquarters in Paris.
With the Armistice with Germany on 11 November 1918, new aircraft being received by the Air Service ended, and the work at Orly began to be the return of French and British aircraft to their respective governments. As the 1st Air Depot at Colombey-les-Belles Aerodrome was the designated demobilization center for the Air Service, foreign aircraft flown by combat organizations and also at the training schools were received by the 1st Air Depot when the various units were ordered to demobilize. These aircraft, along with the records maintained for each one were ferried to Orly over the winter of 1918-1919 and then flown to various locations in France where they were returned to their respective governments. By the beginning of February 1919, arrangements were being made with the French Government for them to take over the facilities at Orly, and the facility was ordered demobilized at the beginning of March, 1919. The Americans simply abandoned everything in place; turning it over to the French Government, and departed for home. 
Inter-war period.
With the peace re-established, in 1923, Eugène Freyssinet built two huge airship hangars at Orly which was developed and opened as Villeneuve-Orly Airport in 1932 as a secondary civil airport to Le Bourget. During the 1920s and 1930s, the airport's facilities expanded and grew.
World War II.
German use.
During the 1940 Battle of France, the airfield at Orly was used by the occupying German Luftwaffe shortly after its seizure in June 1940. The Luftwaffe moved elements of two fighter wings, Jagdgeschwader 21 (JG 21) and Jagdgeschwader 54 (JG 54), in June, both equipped with Messerschmitt Bf 109Es, and a bomber wing, Kampfgeschwader 51 (KG 51), equipped with Junkers Ju 88As taking part in the battle until the armistice on 22 June.
After the armistice, the fighter units moved out, while KG 51 remained with its Ju 88s at Orly until March 1941, taking part in the Battle of Britain. When the bombers moved out, for about a year it was used by the Luftwaffe as a rest and rearmament airfield, with units from combat areas being withdrawn and stationed at Orly briefly until being redeployed. However, as part of the "Defense of the Reich" campaign by the Luftwaffe to defend against Allied bomber attacks, Orly in 1942 became a combat interceptor field, with Zerstörerschule 2 (ZG 2), flying Messerschmitt Bf 110 heavy twin-engine day interceptor aircraft.
Beginning in early 1944, Kampfgeschwader 6 (KG 6) and Kampfgeschwader 30 (KG 30) operated Junkers Ju 88As from Orly as part of Operation Steinbock, a late war German operation carried out by the Luftwaffe between January and May 1944 against targets in southern England, mainly in and around the London area during the night. The offensive marked the Luftwaffe's last large-scale bombing operation against England, and afterward only the V1 cruise missiles and V2 ballistic rockets were used for hitting the British Isles.
The American Eighth Air Force carried out three heavy bombing raids against Orly in May and June 1944 (Missions 359, 367 and 442). The heaviest being on 20 May when 90 B-17 Flying Fortresses bombed the airfield and a follow-up raid on 24 May when 151 B-24 Liberators again attacked it. By mid-July 1944, with the advancing Allied forces in Northern France, Ninth Air Force B-26 Marauder light bomber and P-47 Thunderbolt fighter-bombers began more frequent attacks, to deny the Luftwaffe use of the airfield as ground forces moved out of Normandy and into the Paris area. German use of the airfield ended in August when KG 30 pulled out and moved east to Achmer in northwest Germany.
Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) A-47.
After the Battle of Normandy and the liberation of Paris by Free French Forces in late August, elements of the IX Engineering Command 826th Engineer Aviation Battalion arrived at Orly on 27 August 1944. The two concrete runways were patched and the airfield was made operational as Advanced Landing Ground A-47 for transport units to fly Resupply and Casualty evacuation flights by the next day. 
It took until 5 September until the 50th Fighter Group could move in and begin combat operations with P-47 Thunderbolts, however they only remained for a week until they moved out and Orly became a command and control field, with Liaison units using the field with light aircraft until October 1945.
Postwar Use.
Remaining in American hands after the war, the first postwar unit at Orly was an Air Transport Command (ATC) unit, the 1408th Army Air Force (AAF) Base Unit which arrived in early 1945. Orly Airport was heavily damaged by bombing raids during the war, and with the German Capitulation in May 1945, plans were made to reconstruct the facility and return it to civil control as Paris' main civil airport for Air France's international flights. ATC also operated a military air terminal at the older and smaller Le Bourget Airport (ALG A-54) until May 1946 when it was re-opened for commercial air travel and Air France re-established its major aircraft maintenance facilities at the field and for domestic service. At both Orly and Le Bourget Airports, ramp space was becoming more and more crowded.
However, the American military and political leadership preferred Orly Airport when going to meetings in Paris, or traveling southeast to Foutainebleu, or west to Camp del Loges and Rocquencourt. After reconstruction was completed, Orly was formally returned to the French Government on 7 November 1947, with the United States Air Force 1630th Air Base Squadron leasing a small portion on the east side of the Airport and operated the American military air terminal. The ATC facilities at Le Borget were closed and consolidated at Orly. The amount of diplomatic and military air travel into Orly increased steadily in the late 1940s as long distance travel was changing from ship and rail transport to airliners, and the leased facilities at Orly grew to accommodate the large, four engine C-54 Skymasters and VIP airliners. for meetings.
NATO Use.
Military Air Transport Service.
With the formation of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 1949, the United States chose to leave its headquarters in West Germany and to create a duplicate command at NATO Headquarters in Paris. The joint United States European Command (EUCOM) was formed with Army and Air Force leadership establishing themselves in Paris (although EUCOM Headquarters remained in West Germany, as well as HQ USAFE and HQ USAREUR). An agreement was reached on 10 November 1950 on a new lease to allow for aircraft parking at Aeroport Orly-Paris, and the first NATO tenant was the Military Air Transport Service (MATS) 1630th Air Base Squadron. which was activated in June 1950. The space at Orly also allowed for five usable Quonset huts to accommodate a military terminal and ground support personnel.
On 1 April 1951 the 1630th Air Base Squadron was expanded to support the air transport needs of Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE), which was activated on the same day in Fontainebleau. By October 1951, the expansion of Orly's facilities was so great as to require a higher headquarters organization; accordingly the 1630th AB Squadron was upgraded to the 1606th Air Base Group. Other units assigned to the group were the 7407th Headquarters Squadron and the Paris APO Post Office (APO 55) 
Another important mission developing at Orly Air Base was providing aircraft and facilities to maintain the flying proficiency of USAF pilots assigned to the Paris region. Due to the crowded conditions at Orly, USAF pilots used the nearby Melun Villaroche Aerodrome (Former ALG 55) 16 miles southeast of Orly until the USAF Évreux-Fauville Air Base was opened in 1955, an hour northwest of Orly.
United States Air Forces in Europe.
On 1 July 1952, Headquarters, United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) assumed command of Orly Air Base because the majority of its work was in support of USAFE missions. The 7415th Air Base Group was formed as part of USAFE, the MATS unit was reduced to a detachment and made a tenant of the 7415th to manage passenger traffic. Its new designation was the 1602d Air Transport Wing Detachment. The 1606th ABGp was re-designated as the 7415th Air Base Group.
The primary mission of the 7415th ABG was meeting and. greeting VIPs visiting the Paris region. VIPs were later defined as distinguished visitors (DV). DVs included President Eisenhower, the Secretaries of State and Defense, and an army of curious visitors to attend international meetings and attend NATO meetings in Paris. From 1955 through 1959 approximately 800 DV per month passed through Orly AB. Some summer months over 200 Congressmen would stop in Paris. A summit meeting in Europe could draw 1,100 to 1.350 DV guests. The 7415th protocol officers would have to provide aircraft parking, transportation and drivers, luncheons, photographers, press rooms, secure telephone communications, and security police. There are no reports of any Congressman requesting a driver and staff car to visit a main USAF air base in France. At four summit meetings, arrangements were made with Orly Airport management to close an active runway and use it for DV aircraft parking. Space at Orly was becoming critical in the late 1950s.
During the 1950s, the United States became very committed to building military facilities in France, and the Paris area became a center for activities of the Army and Air Force. In 1954, with the conflict in Korea over, plans were made to expand the facilities at Orly. The 1950 lease was re-negotiated to provide additional property for a headquarters building. officers club, NCO club, airmen's service club, personnel office, a new passenger terminal, billeting for 450 troops, a 500-man mess hall, motor vehicle shop, aircraft parking apron for fifteen assigned aircraft, and an expanded dispensary with twenty-five hospital beds. 
Additional construction during 1954/55 completed the largest USAF air terminal in France, a new AFEX snack bar, a large service club, group headquarters building, fire station, Air Police center, officers open mess, BOQ, VIP billets, and a vehicle repair shop. Most buildings were single story concrete masonry construction, however a few portable prefab buildings were erected to save construction time and funds. Through the years, the detachment grew in importance and in January 1957 it became the 1622nd Support Squadron (MATS). The 1622nd was responsible for handling passengers, cargo and mail passing through the base. During its first year (1957) the 1622nd processed a total of more than 103,000 passengers, 49,000 tons of cargo, 4,290 aircraft and 12,100 tons of mail.
The air terminal at Orly replaced the troopship as the common carrier for USAF personnel heading to France. The 7113th Personnel Processing Squadron operated the Paris Air Passenger Center (PAPC) in Paris. PAPC processed 15,300 inbound and 21,100 outbound personnel during the last six months of 1957. Outbound Air Force troops were given a three hour time block to report to PAPC, then moved by bus to Orly AB for their flight back to CONUS. The average processing time for inbound troops assigned to France was three hours. This time was measured from aircraft off-loading at Orly to bus off-loading at a Paris train station for their trip to their new assignments in France. By 1955 there were forty units attached to the 7415th ABG for administrative and logistical support around France. The 7415th operated fifteen C-47A Skytrains, one C-54G Skymaster, one C-121A Lockheed Constellation, and one Convair C-131B Samaritan aircraft based at Orly for VIP transportation within Europe (Special Air Support), and for proficiency flying. The 7415th Food Service section was always busy, preparing 4,600 in-flight meals per month for passengers on outbound military flights as well as operating the base mess hail for unit and transient personnel.
Also present at Orly AB was Detachment 2 of the 7370th Flight Service Squadron with headquarters
located at Rhein Main AB,Germany. Other detachments of the Flight Service Squadron were located in Uxbridge (London), Rome, Madrid, Istanbul, Casablanca (Morocco) and Wheelus AB, Libya. The various centers maintained control over US Military air traffic. The center processed flight plans, monitored departure and arrival information and oversaw diplomatic clearances. Clearances for diplomatic flights were processed through Châteauroux-Déols Air Base prior to 1 July 1957. After that date Orly AB was designated as a foreign clearance base, thereby reducing request time for diplomatic clearances into the Middle East and Africa.
An official base newspaper "The Orly Diplomat" (6 pages 13 by 8 inches) was begun in June 1953 by TSGT John R. German, off a "rickety, ink-stained mimeo machine. The publication was renamed "The Orly Oracle" in 1955 and grew gradually until its final edition on September 15, 1958. TSGT John R. German, presided over the final, "souvenir" edition.
Operational use.
Several special airlift operations were conducted from Orly Air Base. In 1954 USAF C-124 transports assisted the French by airlifting 500 paratroop/commandos and their equipment to Indochina, landing at Da Nang's Tourane Airfield. It was the longest troop airlift in history at that time. The troopers wore civilian clothes and departed Orly AB at 0310 hours in the morning. The C-124s continued across the Pacific to their home base, making the airlift an around-the-world flight.
A second airlift, "Operation Wounded Warrior'," made the longest medical evacuation flight when the first C-118Bs from Westover AFB, Massachusetts, landed at Orly on 3 July 1954. The aircraft was returning forty-seven wounded French soldiers from Saigon. These veterans had fought in the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. After boarding the wounded in Saigon, the C-118 "Liftmaster" flew eastward to Japan, Hawaii, California, Massachusetts, across the Atlantic to the Azores, and on to Paris. A total of 500 seriously wounded men were returned by USAF-MATS. The French Army and government officials were deeply appreciative of the airlift effort supplied by the United States.
From 1953 through 1958, USAFE operated "Kinderlift" flights during the months of July and August. This program flew about 2,000 underprivileged German children each year from Berlin to West Germany for a month's vacation in German and American homes. The 7415th ABG supplied aircraft and crews for 100 of these missions in 1957, flying 160 hours between Berlin and Rhein-Main Air Base or Hanover.
Phase-out and closure.
Relations between the USAF and the civil Aéroports de Paris began to become contentious in the mid 1950s as the amount of air traffic at Orly grew and grew. In November 1955, the USAF was informed by the French civil authorities that most of the USAF facilities would have to be abandoned at the end of 1957 to allow for planned airport expansion. This demand by the French was passed up the chain of command through NATO and the State Department.
Negotiations between the United States and France were begun to find an alternative. Several of the new USAF air bases in France were proposed, Dreux-Louvilliers Air Base and Évreux-Fauville Air Base were already USAFE troop carrier bases, and were proposed as alternates, however no agreement could be made. The VIPs who used Orly Air Base liked the fact that it was only minutes away from their destinations in the Paris area and preferred the proximity of Orly to Paris. That, was that. 
Orly International Airport was expanded several times during the late 1950s and 1960s and the relationship remained strained. The Orly Air Base operation continued until March 1967 when it was closed as part of the general American withdrawal from France as part of operation FRELOC. Orly Air Base was the last USAF facility in France to be closed.
Today a few of the former USAF buildings are still in use for industrial purposes, however most of what was Orly Air Base has been absorbed into Orly Airport and is used as a cargo handling and civil aircraft maintenance facility. The World War I Air Service facility has been totally obliterated, however it can be located by aligning current online maps and satellite images to the 1918 maps (on available in commons) to the previous road and rail network.

</doc>
<doc id="9691037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691037" title="Isle of Wight Festival 2005">
Isle of Wight Festival 2005

The Isle of Wight Festival 2005 is the fourth revived Isle of Wight Festival on the Seaclose Park site in Newport on the Isle of Wight. The attendance of this festival was around 50,000, a 15,000 increase on sales of the year before, which was testament to its growing success as a British music festival. It was the second year of Nokia sponsorship, which saw the likes of The Who, David Bowie and R.E.M. grace the Island stage.
In this year the Isle of Wight festival began to seriously stake its claim as one the big festivals of Britain. Attracting a line-up featuring Faithless, Travis and R.E.M.. This event was filmed and highlights of the event were shown at late night by Channel 4. This was scheduled to include Morrissey as the Saturday night headliner, but he had to pull out and was replaced by Travis.
References.
1. bbc.co.uk Entertainment

</doc>
<doc id="9691039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691039" title="N-Acetylglucosamine receptor">
N-Acetylglucosamine receptor

The N-Acetylglucosamine receptor is a receptor which binds N-Acetylglucosamine.

</doc>
<doc id="9691061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691061" title="Yelm–Tenino Trail">
Yelm–Tenino Trail

The Yelm–Tenino Trail is a rail trail located in Thurston County, Washington, United States. The long cycling and walking trail has been constructed along the route of a former Burlington Northern Railroad line. The trail runs parallel to State Route 507 and intersects with the Chehalis Western Trail.
Trailheads are located at the trail termini in the towns of Yelm and Tenino as well as in the town of Rainier.
The trail is used by bicyclists participating in the annual Seattle to Portland Bicycle Classic as they ride from Yelm to Tenino.

</doc>
<doc id="9691062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691062" title="Kangwon National University">
Kangwon National University

Kangwon National University (KNU) was established in 1947 in Chuncheon, Gangwon-do province, South Korea. As one of 10 flagship Korean national universities, Kangwon National University serves as the flagship educational institution of Gangwon province.
History.
Initially established as an agricultural college, Kangwon National University has steadily expanded to the comprehensive university encompassing a full spectrum of academic fields. KNU expanded in 1997 adding a medical degree program and in 2000 a University Hospital. A law school, now called 'Graduate School of Judicial Affairs', has been operated to the University's graduate schools in 2002, is the only laboratory school in South Korea, as a model for the very-early stage of 'reform on Korean legal system'. In 2006, KNU merged with Samcheok University, adding the colleges of Veterinary medicine and Information Technology to KNU's existing colleges. Since March 2, 2009, KNU operates a state-of-the-art professional Law School as one of the officially approved school by Korean Government.
Undergraduate Program.
KNU comprises 19 colleges with 93 departments and five graduate schools.
Academic Information.
Academic Calendar.
I. February
II. March
III. April
IV. May
V. June
VI. July
VII. August
VIII. September
IX. October
X. November
XI. December
Enrollment.
Current enrollment stands at more than 20,000 undergraduate and graduate students. Like plenty of South Korean Universities, KNU's academic schedule is also based on the semester system with the spring semester starting in first week of Mondays on March every year, and autumn semester usually starts in fourth week of Mondays in August.
University life.
Chuncheon, Capital city of Gangwon province which proclaims as 'leisure city', affords its residents a wealth of recreational activities. Lakes in Chuncheon nearby (Soyang-ho, Chuncheon-ho and Uwiam-ho) offers water skiing and boating facilities as well as several islands on these lakes. Hiking in the nearby mountains and snow skiing (in Gangchon) are less than an hour's reach from the university.
1999 Asian Winter Games.
1999 Asian Winter Games to opening and closing ceremony in Kangwon National University on January 30 - February 6

</doc>
<doc id="9691084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691084" title="Peak Resorts">
Peak Resorts

Peak Resorts is a privately owned Missouri-company that operates ski resorts in the Midwest and Northeast United States.
The company was founded in 1977 by Tim Boyd, two years after graduating the University of Missouri when he bought the Wildwood Golf Course in the suburban St. Louis, Missouri community of Wildwood, Missouri for $250,000 with owner financing. In 1982 he added a ski resort (that would become Hidden Valley Ski Area). Shortly thereafter he opened a ski-resort in suburban Kansas City, Missouri at Weston, Missouri (Snow Creek Ski Resort).
The company continued to expand owning Paoli Peaks in Paoli, Indiana; Boston Mills and Brandywine in Peninsula, Ohio. In 2002 it expanded with Crotched Mountain in Bennington, New Hampshire. In addition it has long term leases on Jack Frost and Big Boulder ski areas in Blakeslee, Pennsylvania in the Poconos as well as Mad River Mountain in Valley Hi, Ohio.
In 2007, the company nearly tripled its revenue with the acquisition of Mount Snow in Vermont and Attitash in New Hampshire from the financially troubled American Skiing (which was owned by Oak Hill Capital Partners, a private equity company). The acquisition increased Peak Resorts ski visitors from 1 million to 1.7 million and revenue of $85 million.
On October 21, 2010, the company announced it had entered into a purchase and sale agreement for Wildcat Mountain Ski Area, its third New Hampshire holding.
List of ski areas.
Ski Resorts owned and/or operated by Peak Resorts:
East
Midwest

</doc>
<doc id="9691094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691094" title="Agios Petros">
Agios Petros

Agios Petros (Greek for Saint Peter) may refer to the following places in Greece: 

</doc>
<doc id="9691102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691102" title="Doc (mascot)">
Doc (mascot)

Doc is the official mascot of Towson University. He is named after former sports department head Donald "Doc" Minnegan.
History.
The Golden Knights.
The Knights mascot may have come from the 1920s and 1930s, when an elaborate Olde English Christmas dinner was held with knights and ladies costumes, music and a pageant. The 1930 "Tower Echoes" used Renaissance style pictures of archers to depict athletes and campus life. In 1951, the Knight was used all over Towson with references to the campus being a Camelot with "merry court life" (student activities) and "many tournaments" (sports). The late 1950s, however, brought other mascots—the lacrosse team was the "Indians" and the wrestling team, the "Teachers".
The Tiger.
The first appearance of the tiger on campus was with the help of Towson alumnus Lou Winkelman. He was the very first tiger mascot, in the 1963 homecoming parade. According to Winkelman, they just went to a costume shop and rented the tiger suit.
Winkelman actually introduced the tiger as the official Towson mascot winning Student Government Association's approval a year before the parade. It took about a year, but by 1963, along with the help of John Schuerholz students accepted it and Towson made the tiger its official mascot.
The tiger coming to Towson began in the early 1960s when Winkelman was a member of the men's soccer team. He says no one on the team wanted to be called the Golden Knights, the most popular name for sports teams prior to 1961.
Winkelman and his team mates had their own idea and simply adopted the tiger as their mascot. Although they wore jerseys with a knight and horse logo, they were adamant that they would be called tigers in their yearbook photo.
Student interest in the tiger remained high through the 1960s encouraged by Winkleman's weekly sports column Tiger Tales in "The Towerlight", the school newspaper. "The Towerlight" masthead's use of the tiger image from 1966–1969 and a gift of a stone tiger statue by the Class of '67, stolen from campus a few years later.
In the 1970s, however, the Towson Tiger was rarely referenced or talked about. Other than brief sports stories, there is only one reference in a 1970s yearbook. The tiger resurfaced in the 1980s with the purchase of the first official costume by the sports program and with a major presence in almost every issue of "Tower Echoes" and around the campus.
In 2003 the tiger was renamed "Doc" in honor of longtime faculty member Donald Minnegan.
Doc also makes appearances at almost all of the football games and several sporting events around campus and several community events around Towson. Former Towson Tiger football player Big Dan McPartland becomes incensed each and every time he sees Doc prowling the sidelines of Unitas Stadium wearing the #75 jersey, the very jersey number he once wore.
Tiger Statue.
TU's tiger statue is a bronze tiger that sits in front of Stephens Hall, the oldest academic building on campus. There has been another fiberglass tiger that was created in 1996, but was taken down in 2006 due to vandalism. There was also a gift of a stone tiger statue by the class of 1967, but was stolen from the campus a few years later.
The First Statue.
The idea of bringing the tiger to Towson started with the introduction of a bill on February 28, 1995. The SGA allocated $3,000 though it was purchased for $2,500 for a fiberglass tiger to create a more positive campus atmosphere. Donna Garrison, an SGA senator at the time, had heard student complaints of Towson lacking school spirit.
The tiger was erected and placed on the campus at the end of the Spring 1996 semester.
The following September it lost its tail to vandals. The damage totaled $500. The tiger was repaired and was fine for six months until March 17, 1997. On that evening, police aide Ron Bond saw seven males pushing the tiger off its platform, but upon police arrival, the seven fled the scene. Three were apprehended, one of whom was not a TU student. The statue had been bolted to the platform by its three paws, and the paws were damaged in the attempt to move the tiger. One of the tiger's canine teeth was also broken off in the act.
The last incident occurred over spring break in 2006. On Sunday, March 19, 2006, the Towson University Police Department received the first of two reports of destruction of the tiger statue. They had spray-painted profanities on the tiger between Saturday afternoon and Sunday evening. A few days later, the tiger's paw and teeth were removed.
The police reports said Aramark estimated the cost of repair at $1,500. Since then the statue has been removed. These incidents were not the only acts of vandalism on the tiger statue. Since it had found its home on "The Beach", the tiger has lost part of its tail, and a few teeth. There was even an attempted robbery.
In February, the university looked into repairing or replacing what the students called an eyesore. She asked Jeff Ellis of Scenic Artistry & Custom Finishes and Joseph Clarkson of Fiberglass Specialties to appraise the statue. "It looked pretty much beyond repair," Ellis said in an interview. "It's one of those things where you don't know where to start and where to finish." 
The Bronze Statue.
In September 2006, "The Towerlight" reported that a new bronze tiger statue had been unveiled as the centerpiece of the university's "Capital Campaign" to raise $50 million. The primary difference between the new statue and previous one is that the new one is made of bronze and all of the legs are on the ground and the tail is wrapped around its legs rather than raised, so it won't get damaged by vandals.
The new statue is outside Stephens Hall and was unveiled on February 8, 2007 where Caret said it would be "visible to passersby on York Road as well as students".
A lot of students, however, have expressed disapproval of putting the new statue outside of Stephens Hall. They say since most students don't have class in the building, most Towson students probably wouldn't see the new statue. In 2009, a duplicate was placed in front of the library, near the old statue's location.
In 2012 a statue, in a different position, was placed at the new entrance of the university.

</doc>
<doc id="9691108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691108" title="1958 in Northern Ireland">
1958 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9691110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691110" title="Chief Justice of Victoria">
Chief Justice of Victoria

The Chief Justice of Victoria is the senior judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria and the highest ranking judicial officer in the Australian state of Victoria. The Chief Justice is both the judicial head of the Supreme Court as well as the administrative head. He or she is responsible for arranging the business of the court and establishing its rules and procedures.
The current Chief Justice is Marilyn Warren, who was appointed by Governor John Landy to succeed John Harber Phillips. Warren's term began on 26 November 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9691122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691122" title="Galectin">
Galectin

Galectins are a family of proteins defined by their binding specificity for β-galactoside sugars, such as N-acetyllactosamine (Galβ1-3GlcNAc or Galβ1-4GlcNAc), which can be bound to proteins by either N-linked or O-linked glycosylation. They are also termed S-type lectins due to their dependency on disulphide bonds for stability and carbohydrate binding. There have been 15 galectins discovered in mammals, encoded by the LGALS genes, which are numbered in a consecutive manner. Only galectin-1, -2, -3, -4, -7, -8, -9, -10, -12 and -13 have been identified in humans. Galectin-5 and -6 are found in rodents, whereas galectin-11, -14 and -15 are uniquely found in sheep and goats. Members of the galectin family have also been discovered in other mammals, birds, amphibians, fish, nematodes, sponges, and some fungi. Unlike the majority of lectins they are not membrane bound, but soluble proteins with both intra- and extracellular functions. They have distinct but overlapping distributions but found primarily in the cytosol, nucleus, extracellular matrix or in circulation. Although many galectins must be secreted, they do not have a typical signal peptide required for classical secretion. The mechanism and reason for this non-classical secretion pathway is unknown.
Structure.
There are three different forms of galectin structure: dimeric, tandem or chimera. Dimeric galectins, also called prototypical galectins, are homodimers, consisting of two identical galectin subunits that have associated with one another. The galectins that fall under this category are galectin-1, -2, -5, -7, -10, -11, -13, -14 and -15. Tandem galectins contain at least two distinct carbohydrate recognition domains (CRD) within one polypeptide, thus are considered intrinsically divalent. The CRDs are linked with a small peptide domain. Tandem galectins include galectin-4, -5, -8, -9 and -12. The final galectin is galectin-3 which is the only galectin found in the chimera category in vertebrates. Galectin-3 has one CRD and a long non-lectin domain. Galectin-3 can exist in monomeric form or can associate via the non-lectin domain into multivalent complexes up to a pentameric form. This allows galectin-3 to bridge effectively between different ligands and form adhesive networks. The formation of multimers is concentration dependent. When Galectin-3 is at a low concentration it is monomeric and likely to inhibit adhesion. It binds to adhesion proteins such as integrins and blocks further binding to other cells or the extracellular matrix. When concentrations of galectin-3 are high it forms large complexes that assist in adhesion by bridging between cells or cells and the extracellular matrix.
Many isoforms of galectins have been found due to different splicing variants. For example, Galectin-8 has seven different mRNAs encoding for both tandem and dimeric forms. The type of galectin-8 that is expressed is dependent on the tissue. Galectin-9 has three different isoforms which differ in the length of the linker region.
The galectin carbohydrate recognition domain (CRD) is constructed from beta-sheet of about 135 amino acids. The two sheets are slightly bent with 6 strands forming the concave side and 5 strands forming the convex side. The concave side forms a groove in which the carbohydrate ligand can bind, and which is long enough to hold about a linear tetrasaccharide.
Ligand Binding.
Galectins essentially bind to glycans featuring galactose and its derivatives. However, physiologically, they are likely to require lactose or N-aceyllactosamine for significantly strong binding. Generally, the longer the sugar the stronger the interactions. For example, galectin-9 binds to polylactosamine chains with stronger affinity than to an N-acetyllactosamine monomer. This is because more Van der Waals interactions can occur between sugar and binding pocket. Carbohydrate binding is calcium independent, unlike C-type lectins. 
The strength of ligand binding is determined by a number of factors: The multivalency of both of ligand and the galectin, the length of the carbohydrate and the mode of presentation of ligand to carbohydrate recognition domain. Different galectins have distinct binding specificities for binding oligosaccharides depending on the tissue in which they are expressed and the function that they possess. However, in each case, galactose is essential for binding. 
Crystallisation experiments of galectins in complex with N-acetyllactosamine show that binding arises due to hydrogen bonding interactions from the carbon-4 and carbon-6 hydroxyl groups of galactose and carbon-3 of N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc) to the side chains of amino acids in the protein. They cannot bind to other sugars such as mannose because this sugar will not fit inside the carbohydrate recognition domain without steric hindrance. Due to the nature of the binding pocket, galectins can bind terminal sugars or internal sugars within a glycan. This allows bridging between two ligands on the same cell or between two ligands on different cells.
Function.
Galectins are a large family with relatively broad specificity. Thus, they have a broad variety of functions including mediation of cell–cell interactions, cell–matrix adhesion and transmembrane signalling. Their expression and secretion is well regulated, suggesting they may be expressed at different times during development. There are no serious defects when individual galectin genes are deleted in knock-out mouse models. This is because there is substantial overlap for the essential functions. The list of functions for galectins is extensive and it is unlikely they have all been discovered. A handful of the main functions are described below.
Apoptosis.
Galectins are distinct in that they can regulate cell death both intracellularly and extracellularly. Extracellularly, they cross link glycans on the outside of cells and transduce signals across the membrane to directly cause cell death or activate downstream signalling that triggers apoptosis. Intracellularly, they can directly regulate proteins that control cell fate. Many galectins have roles in apoptosis:
Suppression of T-cell receptor activation.
Galectin-3 has an essential role in negatively regulating T cell receptor (TCR) activation. Crosslinking of T cell receptors and other glycoproteins by galectin-3 on the membrane of T cells prevents clustering of TCRs and ultimately suppresses activation. This prevents auto-activation. Experiments in transgenic mice with deficient N-acetylglucosamine transferase V (GnTV) have increased susceptibility to autoimmune diseases. GnTV is the enzyme required to synthesise polylactosamine chains, which are the ligand for galectin-3 on T cell receptors. This knock-out means galectin-3 cannot prevent auto-activation of TCR so T cells are hypersensitive. 
Also within the immune system, galectins have been proven to act as chemoattractants to immune cells and activate secretion of inflammatory cytokines.
Adhesion.
Galectins can both promote and inhibit integrin-mediated adhesion. To enhance integrin-mediated adhesion, they cross link between two glycans on different cells. This brings the cells closer together so integrin binding occurs. They can also hinder adhesion by binding to two glycans on the same cell, which blocks the integrin binding site. Galectin-8 is specific for the glycans bound to integrin and has a direct role in adhesion as well as activating integrin-specific signalling cascades.
Nuclear pre-mRNA splicing.
Galectin-1 and galectin-3 have been found, surprisingly, to associate with nuclear ribonucleoprotein complexes including the spliceosome. Studies revealed that galectin-1 and -3 are required splicing factors, since removal of the galectins by affinity chromatography with lactose resulted in loss of splicing activity. It appears that the splicing capability of galectins is independent of their sugar-binding specificities. Site-directed mutagenesis studies to the carbohydrate recognition domain removes glycan binding but does not prevent association with the spliceosome.
Galectins and disease.
Galectins are abundant, distributed widely around the body and have some distinct functions. It is because of these that they are often implicated in a wide range of diseases such as cancer, HIV, autoimmune disease, chronic inflammation, graft vs host disease (GVHD) and allergic reactions. The most studied and characterised mechanisms are for cancer and HIV, which are described below.
Cancer.
The best understood galectin in terms of cancer is galectin-3. Evidence suggests that galectin-3 plays a considerable part in processes linked to tumorigenesis, including transformation to a malignant form, metastasis and increased invasive properties of tumour cells. There is some significant evidence that galectin-3 is involved in cancer since it interacts with oncogenes such as Ras and activates downstream signalling that promotes proliferation. It can also regulate some of the proteins of the cell cycle, such as cyclin E and c-myc, which may give it additional tumorigenic properties.
The concentration of galectin-3 is elevated in the circulation of patients with some types of cancer including breast cancer. It has also been identified bound to glycans on the surface of breast cancer cells. In cancer patients whose cancer has metastasised, galectin-3 is higher still, suggesting that this galectin has a crucial role in metastasis. Galectin-3 also binds to MUC-1, a very large transmembrane mucin, which on cancer cells changes expression from long core 2 type O-glycosylation to shorter core 1 type O-glycosylation. Core 2 glycans terminate in galactose or sialic acid, whereas core 1 is branched and has potential for large carbohydrate extensions. High levels of MUC-1 are associated with poor prognosis and increased potential of metastasis. This cancer-associated MUC-1 is a natural ligand for galectin-3. In normal cells, MUC-1 has distinct polarisation and acts as a protective barrier around the cell, reducing cell-cell interactions. In breast cancer cells, it is hypothesised that galectin-3 has high affinity for cancer-associated MUC-1, causing depolarisation and breaking the cell's protective shield. This exposes small adhesion molecules on the surface of the cell, which interact with adhesion proteins on endothelial cell walls, such as E-selectin, promoting intravastion into the blood stream. Experiments shows that overexpression of MUC-1 alone is not enough to increase metastatic potential, and in fact it inhibits tumour cell entry into the blood stream. It requires the presence of upregulated galectin-3 in addition to MUC-1 to increase invasive and metastatic properties of the cancer. This is supported by other studies showing that inhibition of galectin-3 in human breast cancer cells lose their malignancy in vitro. This may provide a clue towards developing therapeutics for cancer, such as galactin-3 inhibitors.
Galectin-8, which increases integrin-mediated adhesion, has been shown to be downregulated in some cancers. This benefits the cancer since integrin interactions with the extracellular matrix prevent metastasis. Lung cancer studies, however, have demonstrated increased adhesion to galectin-8 with increased metastatic potential, which may be mediated by elevated surface expression and activation of integrin α3β1.
HIV.
Galectin-1 has been shown to enhance HIV infection due to its galactose binding specificity. HIV preferentially infects CD4+ T cells and other cells of the immune system, immobilising the adaptive immune system. HIV is a virus that infects CD4+ cells via binding of its viral envelope glycoprotein complex, which consists of gp120 and gp41. The gp120 glycoprotein contains two types of N-glycan, high mannose oligomers and N-acetyllactosamine chains on a trimannose core. The high mannose oligomers are pathogen-associated molecular pattern (PAMPs) and are recognised by the C-type lectin DC-SIGN found on dendritic cells. The N-acetyllactosamine chains are ligands for galectin-1. Galectin-1 is expressed in the thymus. In particular it is secreted in abundance by Th1 cells. In its normal function, galectin-1 binds to glycans on the CD4 co-receptor of T cells to prevent auto reactivity. When HIV is present, the galectin bridges between the CD4 co-receptor and gp120 ligands, thus facilitating HIV infection of the T cell. Galectin-1 is not essential for HIV infection but assists it by accelerating the binding kinetics between gp120 and CD4. Knowledge of the mechanism between galectin and HIV may provide important therapeutic opportunities. A galectin-1 inhibitor can be used in conjunction with antiretroviral drugs to decrease the infectivity of the HIV and increase the efficacy of the drug.

</doc>
<doc id="9691132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691132" title="He Was Cool">
He Was Cool

He Was Cool (; lit. "That Guy was Cool") is a 2004 South Korean film based on the same-titled 2001 internet novel written by Guiyeoni. The film was released in South Korean cinemas on July 23, 2004 and was the 35th most attended film of the year with 800,000 admissions.
Synopsis.
The story is about a cheerful high school student named Han Ye-won (Jung Da-bin). She is a sweet, clumsy and warm girl. On the other hand, there is Ji Eun-sung (Song Seung-heon), a student from a vocational school and a well-known bully. He is hot-tempered and rude but deep inside he longs to be loved. 
One day, clumsily, Ye-won leaves a message on the school website to reply to Eun-sung's impolite message. She is shocked when someone calls her cell phone and threatens her. Gradually, her best friend, Lee Kyung-won, tells her who Eun-sung is. He sends Ye-won a text message: He will wait for her in front of the main gate. She is so scared that she and Kyung-won decide to jump over the school wall. Unfortunately, the moment Ye-won jumps, Eun-sung is standing exactly at the other side of wall. She falls on him and their lips meet accidentally. Raising his voice, Eun-sung asks her to take responsibility; she is astonished. His friend explains that Eun-sung has never even held hands with a girl. Since she is the first girl who kissed him, as a consequence, she must marry him.
Events happen quickly. At the beginning, Ye-won does not have any feelings for Eun-sung. She even rejects his invitation to come to his birthday party. Unknowingly, Eun-sung has fallen in love with her; but he is not the kind of guy who knows how to express his feelings. He is jealous when Ye-won is approached by other guys but he does not know how to be with someone he loves.
Although he is rude and bad-tempered, Eun-sung always pardons Ye-won's faults and clumsiness. However, he can't bear it when he finds out that Ye-won went out with Kim Han-sung (Lee Ki-woo), an older student whom he hates. Broken-hearted, Eun-sung decides to leave Korea and follow his mother to the USA. 
A year later Ye-won is seen with Han-sung, discussing whether she is scared for her college entrance exams. During the listening portion of her exams, a quote from "Romeo and Juliet" is mentioned, making Ye-won recall the memory of her and Eun-sung in the park where they promised that no matter what, they would reunite in front of the telephone booth at the first snowfall. Ye-won stops what she is doing and runs to the park. She waits there as the scene rolls back to the fantasy she had a year ago and she starts to cry because Eun-sung is not there. As she turns around, a rabbit is hopping towards her, the same rabbit she gave to Eun-sung as a gift. She looks up and Eun-sung is there. She yells at him, saying, "Why did you leave without saying goodbye?" And Eun-sung replies, "True love requires no words."
Ye-won runs to him and they embrace. 
The film ends with Eun-sung's childhood memory of some opening event of an elementary school where the only kid that would kiss Eun-sung was Ye-won. An interesting aspect to this is that earlier on in the film, Ye-won uses Eun-sung's cellphone to make a mini-video of her bedroom. There she captures footage of an old photo from when she was little, showing her and a friend. It turns out that this friend is actually the little Eun-sung, hinting at the connection between the two. When Eun-sung watches the video on his cell phone towards the end of the film, he is surprised to see himself and remembers that Ye-won was that little girl.

</doc>
<doc id="9691206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691206" title="Michael Boddicker">
Michael Boddicker

Michael J. Boddicker (born January 19, 1953), is an American film composer and session musician, specializing in electronic music. Three times N.A.R.A.S. Most Valuable Player "Synthesizer" and MVP Emeritus, he was awarded a Grammy as a songwriter for "Imagination" from Flashdance in 1984. In recognition of his achievements, contributions and furtherance of electronic music in the recording industry he was presented with an honorary doctorate of music from Coe College in 1991. He has given seminars at such noticeable entities as FIDM, Coe, The International Computer Music Conference and San Jose State University. He was the winner of Keyboard Magazine's Reader's Poll Award - "Best Studio Synthesist" 1986 & 1987 and "Best Session Player" 1988.
Early life and career.
Boddicker grew up in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. His ancestors (Johan & Elisabeth (Jacobi) Boddicker) emigrated in 1861 from the village of Brilon, Province of Westphalia. He is a distant cousin of the Major League Baseball player, Mike Boddicker, who is also originally from Cedar Rapids. 
He attended The University of Iowa where he studied electronic music, poetry and 20th century composition. He later went on to The University of Wisconsin for jazz improvisation and UCLA for continued studies in music composition. He quickly found work as a session musician, and by 1977 appeared playing synthesizer, vocoder, accordion and keyboards on albums by many notables such as Quincy Jones, Randy Newman, The Manhattan Transfer and The Bee Gees.
One of Boddicker's earliest soundtrack collaborations of note was a score for a short experimental claymation film made by Gumby creator Art Clokey entitled "Mandala" (released in 1977). Soon after that he entered the mainstream with work on such films as "Saturday Night Fever", "Battlestar Galacticta" and "The Wiz".
Boddicker officially changed his name to Michael Lehmann Boddicker when he married singer/conductor/actress Edie Lehmann in 1995. They have raised four children together in Los Angeles, CA.
Film music.
Among his film score credits as a composer are the cult classic "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension" (1984), the score for "The Adventures of Milo and Otis" (1986) and additional music for "Bulletproof" (1996),"Bullet Proof" - Additional Music By Michael Boddicker, " "The Magic Egg" -Omni Max Computer Animated Film Original Film Score by Michael Boddicker, "Get Crazy" - Original Music by Michael Boddicker/Soundtrack LP, "Whitewater Summer" Original Film Score by Michael Boddicker, "FX2 " Additional Music By Michael Boddicker and "Starfire" Additional Music by Michael Boddicker. His contributions as a composer can also be heard in "Battlestar Galactica" (the film) additional music by Michael Boddicker, BattleStar Galactica Theme Produced and Arranged by Michael Boddicker, "Free Jack" additional music by Michael Boddicker "Spiritual Network: The Big Eye & Mind Meld", Michael Jackson's "Black or White" (music video) and "HIStory" (music video) video produced by and additional music underscore and "THE FLY" eleven cues to augment or replace the original score. 
Artists that have recorded his songs and compositions include Lani Hall ("Go For The Heart"), Earth, Wind and Fire ("Opening Raise Tour"), Patti Austin ("Oh, No Margarita"), Michael Jackson ("Captain EO & HIStory Unveiling"), Isao Tomita's & YMO's Hideki Matsutaki ("Automatic Collect", "Automatic Correct & Plan"), Kitaro ("The Silk Road"), Laura Branigan (Imagination) and David Hasselhoff.
As a session musician he played synthesizer on, among others, Michael Jackson's "This Is It", "HIStory", "Thriller", "Bad", "P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing)", "Off the Wall"', "Dangerous", "Black or White", and "We Are the World"; Earth, Wind & Fire's "Let's Groove"; Lionel Richie's "Hello", "You Are", "Running with the Night"; Dazz Band's "Let It Whip"; Randy Newman's "The Natural" and "Short People"; Kenny Loggins' "Footloose"; Barbra Streisand's "Somewhere"; Cheap Trick's "Surrender"; The Jacksons' "Shake Your Body"; Pointer Sisters' "He's So Shy"; and Diana Ross's "Missing You". A complete discography is available at http://www.discogs.com/artist/Michael+Boddicker#t=Credits_Instruments-Performance&q=&p=1
Commercial and advertising projects.
Boddicker has composed music for the following corporations and product lines: Honda, ARCO, SEGA, Levi's Jeans, He-Man, Carabine, Chiquita Bananas, Red Carpet, Spee-Dee Pit Stop, The California Lottery and Miller Beer. Additionally, "Blue Cross - Moses" with Don Piestrup. 
Trailers include: 
Boddicker has contributed sound design to the campaigns of: Chevrolet, Honda, McDonalds, Blue Cross, Perrier, Ford, Paul Mason, Mitsubishi, Carl's Jr., Michelob, Kellogg's, Puppy Chow, Chevron, Anheuser Busch, Nabisco, Diahatsu, GMAC, Georgia Pacific, Delco, Six Flags, Ralph's, Coldwell Banker, Florida Lottery, Sunny Delight, O'Douls Ale, Great Western, 1st Interstate, Vons, In-And-Out, Air France, Aloha Air, Miller Beer, American Express, Kenwood, Southern California Gas, and Cadillac Dealers of Southern California.
Motion picture credits.
Composed by Sting and David Hartley
"The Emporer's New Groove"
Composed By: Maurice Jarre
"Jacobs Ladder"
"Ghost"
"No Way Out" - (Principal Synthesist)
"Mosquito Coast" - (Session Leader/Principal Synthesist)
"Solar Babies" - (Session Leader/Principal Synthesist)
"Enemy Mine" - (Principal Synthesist)
"Witness"
"Fatal Attraction"
"Distant Thunder"
"Gaby"
"Cocktail"
"Gorillas in the Mist"
"Dead Poets Society"
"Prancer"
"Art of Cinema"
Composed By: Basil Poledouris
"White Fang"
" Flight Of The Intruder"
"Wired"
"Free Willy" & "Free Willy II"
"Quigley Down Under"
"On Deadly Ground"
"Under Siege II"
Composed By: James Horner
"Where The River Runs Black"
"Commando"
"Vibes"
"Red Heat"
"Captain EO"
Composed By: David Foster
"Secret Of My Success"
"Stealing Home"
"Mismatched"
Composed By: Bill Conti
"The Right Stuff" - (Principal Synthesist) Academy Award For Best Musical Score
"Karate Kid II" - (Principal Synthesist) 
"I Love New York"
"The Boss' Wife"
"Broadcast News"
'Maybe Baby"
"Baby Boom"
"Karate Kid III"
"Lock Up"
"The Fourth War"
Composed By: Lee Holdridge
"16 Days Of Glory" - (Featured Soloist)
Composed By: Jac Redford
"Extremities"
"Oliver & Co."
Composed By: Tom Newman
"Desperately Seeking Susan"
"Light Of Day"
"Revenge Of The Nerds"
"Less Than Zero"
"Welcome Home Roxie Carmichael"
"Men Don't Leave"
Composed By: Jim Depasquale
"Armed And Dangerous"
"Half And Half"
Composed By: Miles Goodman
"Little Shop Of Horrors"
"Teen Wolf"
"Just One Night"
"Blind Justice"
"Like Father Like Son"
"Dirty Rotten Scoundrels"
Composed By: John Williams
"Close Encounters Of The 3rd Kind"
"The River"
"Jaws II"
Composed By: Randy Kerber
"Date With An Angel"
Composed by: Marvin Hamlish
"Three Men And A Baby"
"Little Nikita"
Composed By: Jonathan Sheffer
"In A Shallow Grave"
Composed By: Randy Newman
"Avalon"
"Parenthood"
"The Natural"
Composed By: David McHugh
"Dream Team"
"Montana"
Composed By: Georges Delerue
"Her Alibi" (Song Produced By Michael Boddicker And Frank 
Fitzpatrick. The London Session, Vol. 1)
Composed By: Randy Edelman
"Come See The Paradise"
Composed By: James Newton Howard
"Flatliners"
"All American Hero"
Composed By: Trevor Jones
"Arachnophobia"
"Free Jack"
"Goonies" - Cyndi Lauper's "The Goonies "R" Good Enough"
"The Color Purple" - Theme Song
"Country"
"Af Officer And A Gentleman"
"The Toy"
"Back To The Future"
"Above The Law"
"Shadow On The Sun"
'The Great Outdoors"
"The Gods Must Be Crazy II"
"Twins"
"Everybody's All American"
"Heartbreak Hotel"
"Witching Hour"
"Arthur On The Rocks"
"Hard To Kill"
Other film projects.
"Goonies" - Cyndi Lauper's "The Goonies "R" Good Enough"
"The Color Purple" - Theme Song
"Country"
"Af Officer And A Gentleman"
"The Toy"
"Back To The Future"
"Above The Law"
"Shadow On The Sun"
'The Great Outdoors"
"The Gods Must Be Crazy II"
"Twins"
"Everybody's All American"
"Heartbreak Hotel"
"Witching Hour"
"Arthur On The Rocks"
"Hard To Kill"
Performer.
The Dazz Band "Let It Whip"
Carl Carlton "She's A Bad Mama Jama"
Michael Jackson - "HIStory"
Chicago - "17" LP
 "18" LP
Kenny Rogers - "Tough Guys"
Whitney Houston - "Greatest Love Of All" (Grammy Award Winner)
Lionel Richie - "Dancing On The Ceiling" LP (Grammy Award 
Winner)
 "Can't Slow Down" LP
 "You Are The Sun" LP
Barbra Streisand - "Somewhere" (Grammy Award Winner),
 "Superman"
 "Till I Loved You" LP
 ("Love Light" "One More Time & Me"
 "Always")
 "Someone I Used To Love"
Diana Ross - "Missing You" LP
 "Muscles" LP
USA For Africa - "We Are The World" (Grammy Award Winner)
Julio Iglesias - "Everytime I Fall"
 "Love Is On Our Side Again"
 "Hold On To You"
 "To All The Girls I Loved Before"
Pia Zadora - "On This Day"
 "What Do You Do"
 "Sometimes Miracles"
Angela Bofill - "Delicious" (Double Record)
Randy Newman - "Short People"/"Little Criminals" LP
 "Land Of Dreams"
 "Four Eyes" LP
 "I Love L.A."/"Trouble In Paradise" LP
 "The Natural"
Roberta Flack- "OOH OOH OH OH (Here We Come)"
Englebert Humperdinck- "Radio Dancing"
 "Lady Lolita"
 "One & One Makes Three"
 "Alone In The Night"
 "How Do I Stop Loving You"
June Pointer - "Put Your Dream (Where Your Heart Is)"
Neil Diamond - "Baby Can I Hold You"
 "This Time"
 "Courtin' Disaster"
 "If I Could See You Again"
 "Baby It's Gonna Be"
 "Heart Light"
Patti LaBelle - "A Matter Of Trust"
 "Need A Little Faith"
Quincy Jones - "I'll Be Good To You"
 "Birdland"
 "The Places You Find Love"
 "Back On The Block"
Jeffrey Osborne/Dionne Warwick - "Take Good Care"
Janet Jackson - "Rhythm Nation" Long Form Video
Celine Dion - "I'm Loving Every Moment"
 "Love By Any Other Name"
 "I Feel Too Much"
Rickie Lee Jones - "Rickie Lee Jones" LP
 "Pirates" LP
 "Girl At Her Volcano" LP
 "The Magazine" LP
 "Flying Cowboys" LP
Bob Seger - "Love Will Find A Way"
Michael Rogers - "I Got Love"
 "Rock Me Baby"
 "Soul Survivors"
 "Stop Stealing My Heart"
 "Let's Have A Good Time"
 "Same Old Song"
David Hasselhoff - "Looking For Freedom"
 "Je T'Aime"
 "Lonely Is The Night"
 "Sheltered Heart"
With Lalo Schifrin
As a performer on television.
"St. Elsewhere" - Series
"Bronx Zoo" - Series
"Our House" - Series
"Simon & Simon" - Series
"Wilton Northrop Report" - Series
"Amerika" - Mini Series
"Space" - Mini Series
"Roots" - Mini Series
"I Saw What You Did" - T.V. Movie
"Murder Of Mary Phagan" - T.V. Movie
"Down Payment On Murder" - T.V. Movie
"Hit & Run" - T.V. Movie
"Long Journey Home" - T.V. Movie
NBC Olympics Coverage
"The Equalizer"-Series
"Annie McGuire"-Series
"Falcon Crest"-Series
"War Story"- HBO Special
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9691207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691207" title="The Dam Short Film Festival">
The Dam Short Film Festival

The Dam Short Film Festival is a film festival held annually in Boulder City, Nevada, typically in early February. Lee Lanier and Anita Lanier are the original co-founders of the festival. The festival is organized by the Dam Short Film Society, a non-profit 501(c)3 Nevada corporation. Past festival sponsors have included The Art Institutes, the Nevada Film Office, the Hacienda Hotel and Casino, and Cirque du Soleil. The Society receives annual grants from the National Endowment for the Arts via the Nevada Arts Council.
Started in 2005, the Dam Short Film Festival only screens films that run between 1 and 40 minutes. Generally, there are between 100 and 140 short films programmed each year. Although most of the festival shorts are submitted by student, independent, and other "up-and-coming" filmmakers, the stiff competition means many of the shorts have been produced involving film professionals. These have included Oscar-winner Louis Gossett Jr. in "Window," Oscar-winner, Tom Hanks, William Shatner, and Michael York in "Why Shakespeare?", the late Bela Lugosi narrating an animation based on the Edgar Allan Poe classic "The Tell-Tale Heart", Francesco Quinn in "The Gnostic", and Robert Wagner and Lori Singer in "Little Victim " The short films are arranged into thematic programs, such as international drama, crime drama, dramedy, science-fiction, horror, comedy, avant-garde, underground, and animation. In addition to the regular screenings, the festival presents special showcases and retrospectives; for example, the 2009 event featured a showcase dedicated to documentary filmmaker Jay Rosenblatt while 2008 included a program dedicated to animator Jim Blashfield The festival also presents parties, mixers, filmmaker panels, and Q&A sessions with attending filmmakers.
In 2008, the Festival moved to the historic 400-seat Boulder Theatre. The Theatre was built in 1931 and is currently owned by Desi Arnaz Jr. and his wife Amy. 2014 marked the 10th anniversary of the festival. At present, Lee Lanier serves as the Dam Short Film Society's executive director while John LaBonney serves as festival director. The Society has a working board of directors that varies from 4 to 6 members.

</doc>
<doc id="9691223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691223" title="Freddy Guzmán">
Freddy Guzmán

Freddy Antonio Guzmán (born January 20, 1981) is a professional baseball outfielder, who has played in Major League Baseball with the San Diego Padres, Texas Rangers, New York Yankees and Tampa Bay Rays.
Baseball career.
Guzmán was signed as a non-drafted free agent by the San Diego Padres on April 17, . In 2004 he led all minor leaguers in stolen bases, with 90.
He made his major league debut on August 17, , going 1–5 with a walk. He got a hit in his first six games in the majors. He missed all of the season following Tommy John surgery. Guzman hit his first MLB home run on September 11, , at Comerica Park (Detroit Tigers) off left-handed pitcher Clay Rapada. Guzmán is well known in the minor leagues for his base running. He has had 443 stolen bases over 8 seasons.
He was ranked by Baseball America as the second-best prospect in the Padres organization in 2004. In 2007, he came to spring training to compete with Kenny Lofton, Marlon Byrd, and Jerry Hairston, Jr. for playing time in center field, but Guzmán did not make the opening day roster and played the entire season with Triple-A Oklahoma.
On December 5, 2007, Guzmán was traded to the Detroit Tigers for Chris Shelton. Just before the end of spring training, he was sent outright to the minors. He became a free agent at the end of the season, and signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners.
On May 11, 2009, Guzman was released by the Mariners. On May 16, 2009 he was signed by the Boston Red Sox and assigned to the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox. On July 29, 2009, he was released by the Red Sox. On August 7, 2009 Guzman signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles. On August 31, 2009, the Orioles traded him to the New York Yankees for a player to be named later. On September 14, Guzmán was called up to the Yankees. In February 2010, Guzmán signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Guzmán played in the Mexican League during the 2011, 2012, and 2013 seasons. The Tampa Bay Rays signed Guzman to a minor league contract on August 30, 2013. His contract was purchased by the Rays on September 17. He appeared in one game for Tampa Bay, pinch-running for Matt Joyce in the bottom of the 11th down 3-2. Guzmán stole second, then scored the tying run on David DeJesus's RBI single to tie the game, which they won the next inning 4-3. He was outrighted off the roster on October 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9691232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691232" title="Halmstad GK">
Halmstad GK

Halmstad GK (Halmstad Golf Klubb, or Halmstad Golf Club in English). Claiming a home among the towering pines and seaside lands of Sweden's golfing playground are the par 72-championship courses, the North Course and the South Course in Tylösand, just 8 km outside the town of Halmstad. It has several times been ranked as the best golf course in Sweden. The British journal Golf World voted Tylösand Europe's 2nd Best course outside the UK in 2001. 
Halmstad GK was the host for the 2007 Solheim Cup. The United States defeated Europe 16 to 12. The Solheim Cup is a biennial golf tournament for professional women golfers contested by teams representing Europe and the United States. The club also hosted the 2011 European Amateur.
"Golf Digest" named the course the best in Sweden and the second best course in Europe outside of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9691256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691256" title="Icosathlon">
Icosathlon

Also called the double decathlon. In Track and Field, the icosathlon is an ultra multi-event competition consisting of twenty events contested over two days. There is an extra rule, that each day should contain a pause of an hour. Mostly the competition is held over two days, but one day icosathlons also exist. The first day of the standard icosathlon includes:
On the second day of the standard icosathlon, the following events are contested:
Each event is scored according to the decathlon scoring tables or, for non-decathlon events, the IAAF points tables. At the conclusion of each icosathlon, the competitor with the highest point total is declared the winner.
The event is overseen by the International Association for Ultra Multievents (IAUM), which also holds the tetradecathlon based on the women's heptathlon. The men's world record for the standard icosathlon of 14,571 is held by Joseph Detmer of the United States. The women's world record of 11,091 is held by Kelly Rodmell.
Medal totals.
NOTE: Only men athletes totals from 1990.
Tetradecathlon.
The indoor equivalent is called the tetradecathlon, spanning 14 events over 2 days. These events are as follows:
Day 1
Day 2
Records.
Men
Women
This table of records isn't officially acknowledged by the IAAF but is considered by the International Association for Ultra Multievents (IAUM) as the best performance of all time since the foundation of the discipline in 1981.
Competitions.
The IAUM sponsors an icosathlon and tetradecathlon every year at the IAUM World Championships. The 2012 World Championships were held in Turnhout, Belgium. In addition, a variety of other icosathlon events are held, most notably the annual Dutch Double Decathlon, held in Delft, Netherlands. The 2012 event will be held on 8 and 9 September

</doc>
<doc id="9691276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691276" title="Mike Stahr">
Mike Stahr

Mike Stahr (born December 9, 1964) is a former American track and field runner who won the 1982 and 1983 Millrose Games High School mile titles.
High School Career.
Stahr attended Carmel High School, where he was guided by coach Paul Collins. Stahr's first high-profile victory came in the 1982 Millrose High School Mile, where he won in 4 minutes and 13 seconds against a very talented field of All Americans and a group of runners that were later to be considered some of the Best High School Runners ever. After a victory at Millrose in 1982, Stahr came back in 1983 to defend his crown. Going into the race, Stahr talked about breaking the legendary four-minute barrier. But after a first 400 meters in 58.6 seconds, the race became tactical with Stahr and the other leaders choosing to vary the pace. Stahr held off many challenges in the last half mile and held on to win in 4:10. Stahr went on to capture four New York State Mile Championship Titles and ended his high school career with personal bests of: 400m-47 800m-1:50 1000m-2:24 1500m-3:46 Mile-4:06 2 Mile-9:01.
Collegiate career.
Stahr joined Arizona State University in 1983. As a freshman he made the finals of the NCAA indoor 1000m with the fastest qualifying time (2:23.19) but fell on the second turn. His time in the trials was faster than the NCAA winner, William Wuyke at 2:24.06. At the Sun Angel Classic he anchored the World Record 4x800 with an official split of 1:45. He was unofficially clocked at 1:44.8 by his coach Len Miller. Their 4x800 team won the Millrose indoor title as well as many other top ranking meets. Still as a freshman he posted a 45.8 relay split. During his sophomore year he came in 4th at the Pac-10 XC regional meet to earn him a spot on the NCAA XC team where he finished 101st. In his junior year he transferred to Georgetown University after becoming frustrated with five coaching changes at ASU. His first year with Georgetown earned him All American in XC among other accomplishments. In 1987 Stahr captured the NCAA Indoor Mile Championship in a time of 4:02 several weeks after his 4x800 anchor leg of 1:46.2 at the indoor BIG East meet. During the outdoor season of '87 he anchored the World Record Distance Medley Relay, running an anchor leg split of 3:54 to carry his team to a time of 9:20.9 seconds, eclipsing the old World Record by two seconds. It still to this day stands as the school record at Georgetown University.
Post-Collegiate Career.
After graduating from Georgetown, Stahr competed in the European Track Circuit. In '88 he qualified for the Olympic Trials in the 800 and 1500 and was 4th in the US Nationals in the 800. Biting off more than he could chew by competing in both the 800 and 1500 at the trials, Stahr raced well but was unable to qualify for the games. In 1992 he qualified for the Trials in the 1500 but was injured two weeks prior to competition and was unable to race. He has been inducted into four Athletic Hall-of-Fames: Carmel High School, PENN Relays, and two D1 Universities (Arizona State and Georgetown University).
Today.
Stahr lives in Oxford, Ohio with his wife and four children. He is a full-time computer programmer, visiting professor at Miami University, and a private coach for all levels of athletes through his website Running2Win.com. He is currently coaching a number of athletes - both internationally and locally. Stahr is the founder and developer of Running2Win.com that offers many services for runners such as a detailed running log, discussion board, mapping features, and many, many more tools built to help the sport. Additionally, Stahr tried to break into the house renting game with little success, having sold his portion of the rental property after 5 years of service.
References.
Illustrated Article: [http://vault.sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1126251/index.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9691281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691281" title="Blaydon by-election, 1956">
Blaydon by-election, 1956

The Blaydon byelection of 2 February 1956 was a by-election held in the British House of Commons constituency of Blaydon in the North East of England.
It was caused by the death on 3 November 1955 of William Whiteley, the sitting Labour Party Member of Parliament for the constituency, who had first been elected in 1922 and had represented it ever since with the exception of 1931 to 1935. Labour Party candidate Robert Woof held the seat with little change in the majority.
Candidates.
Labour selected Robert Woof, who was a miner and official with the National Union of Mineworkers; Woof, who was 44, had been a member of Durham County Council since 1947. The Conservative Party candidate was John Reay-Smith, a 40 year old solicitor who had been a member of Bishop Auckland Urban District Council and fought the constituency in the 1955 general election.
Results.
Robert Woof won with a majority of 10,714, and went on to hold it for the next 23 years before retiring at the 1979 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="9691283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691283" title="Taksal">
Taksal

Taksal is a village in Himachal Pradesh, India. Lying in the foothills of the Himalayas, it lies just above Parwanoo (Solan district) and is a beautiful place with great natural scenic beauty.
Taksal got its name from "takka" which means coins and because it used to be a place where coins were made in the time of kings .

</doc>
<doc id="9691298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691298" title="Vallenbrosa">
Vallenbrosa

Vallenbrosa is a metal band from Petersfield, Hampshire in Southern England formed in late 2002. Their members include Nik Taylor-Stoakes (vocals), Simon McCarthy (lead guitar), Steve Stidolph (rhythm guitar), Russ Smith (Bass) and Dave Baker (Drums). As of 2006, they had released two albums, both were self-released, called "Silenced" and "Hessian Mercenaries". Singles from these albums include "Still Breathing" and "The Hessian".
Influences.
Vallenbrosa cite their influences from bands such as Pantera, Alice in Chains, Down, Faith No More and others. For instance, there is a distinct similarity to early Corrosion of Conformity, particularly elements of the lead guitar work of both Simon McCarthy and Steven Stidolph on single "The Hessian". The over-all sound has been described as "southern - style sludge".
Recent Events.
In 2007, Vallenbrosa supported Sepultura's Dante XI World Tour. Following this, their self-released album Hessian Mercenaries was well received by fans and by Metal Hammer Magazine who noted that "Vallenbrosa are capable of expressing rage without resorting to stereotypical sonic violence". In September they were on the bill for butserfest. They played alongside Elliot Minor and Furthest Drive Home.
In 2008 they garnered interest from Dave Mustaine of Megadeth, despite losing the supporting slot of Megadeth's 2008 European Tour of Duty to British thrash metallers Evile. Since then Vallenbrosa are under America's New World Artist Management, but currently remain unsigned.
They are currently recording their new album as of 2008 with Pete Miles in Devon, UK which is then due to be mixed in August 2008 in Nashville, USA by Rob Coates and Vlado Meller, with a follow up gig at Nottingham Rock City on 30 August. They will also be performing with Malefice on 19 July at the Gedfest Festival Hall in Petersfield "Rock City". They are also on the bill for Butserfest on 12 September having played last year too.
References.
They played the unsigned stage at Bloodstock, England's biggest metal festival on 14 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9691318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691318" title="List of concertos by Joseph Haydn">
List of concertos by Joseph Haydn

The following is a partial list of concertos by Joseph Haydn (1732–1809). In the Hoboken catalogue of Haydn's works, concertos for most instruments are in category VII which a different letter for each solo instrument (VIIa is for violin concertos, VIIb is for cello concertos, etc.). The exceptions are the concertos for keyboard and for baryton which are placed in categories XVIII and XIII, respectively.
For violin.
Other Concertos (Hob. VIIa:A1/B1/B2/D1/G1) are not authentic, i.e. are not by Joseph Haydn.
For flute.
Haydn also wrote several more concertos, which have all been lost.
For 2 lire organizzate.
These concertos were written for Ferdinand IV, King of Naples whose favorite instrument was the lira organizzata -- an instrument similar to the hurdy gurdy. Modern performances use flute and oboe (or two flutes) as the soloists.
For baryton.
There are 3 concertos for baryton known but lost or have doubtful authenticity.

</doc>
<doc id="9691339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691339" title="New York Life Insurance Building">
New York Life Insurance Building

New York Life Building or New York Life Insurance Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9691345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691345" title="1957 in Northern Ireland">
1957 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9691351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691351" title="KLRD1">
KLRD1

CD94 (Cluster of Differentiation 94), also known as killer cell lectin-like receptor subfamily D, member 1 (KLRD1) is a human gene.
The protein encoded by CD94 gene is a lectin, cluster of differentiation and a receptor that is involved in cell signaling and is expressed on the surface of natural killer cells in the innate immune system. CD94 pairs with the NKG2 molecule as a heterodimer. The CD94/NKG2 complex, on the surface of natural killer cells interacts with Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA)-E on target cells.
Interactions.
KLRD1 has been shown to interact with KLRC2.

</doc>
<doc id="9691394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691394" title="Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail">
Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail

The Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail is a rail trail built along an abandoned Delaware & Hudson Railway (D&H) corridor between West Rupert and Castleton, Vermont. The trail runs in two disconnected segments, separated by a short section that leaves the state for neighboring New York State before returning to Vermont. 
The former corridor was the D&H's Washington Branch, whose trains were known locally as the “Slate Picker”. The D&H Washington Branch ran from Eaglebridge, New York, to Castleton, Vermont. D&H abandoned the Eaglebridge-Salem, New York section in 1980 and sold the railbed to Ron Coward with a grant from the Urban Development Corporation.
The Poultney-Castleton, Vermont and Rupert, Vermont-Granville, New York segments were sold to the Vermont Agency of Transportation and subsequently converted to the D&H rail trail.
The Salem, New York-West Rupert, Vermont and West Pawlet, Vermont-Granville, New York segments were sold to the New York State Department of Transportation. A rail trail was slated by the state, but were halted at the government level, resulting in several sections reverting to local property owners.

</doc>
<doc id="9691425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691425" title="Shorley Wall">
Shorley Wall

The Shorley Wall EP was the second release by Ooberman, following the "Sugar Bum" single, and was the first release that gained the band attention from the press and music fans. It was named as the single of the year for 1998 by The Times. 
The EP's title track was re-recorded for the band's debut album "The Magic Treehouse", and released as a single. Two of the other tracks were later featured on "Hey Petrunko plus...".
Track listing.
An interview with the band is placed at the end of "Honeydew" after a period of silence.

</doc>
<doc id="9691431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691431" title="2C-T-15">
2C-T-15

2C-T-15 or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-cyclopropylthio)phenethylamine is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family. It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)".
Chemistry.
2C-T-15 is the 2 carbon homologue of Aleph-15, which has not been synthesized. The full chemical name is 2-[4-(2-cyclopropylthio)-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl]ethanamine. The drug has structural properties similar to 2C-T-2 and other drugs in the 2C-T series.
General information.
The dosage range of 2C-T-15 is typically 30 mg or more. Its duration is unspecified by Shulgin, and its entry in PiHKAL says it lasts for "several hours." The effects are not prominent, and 2C-T-15 is not very potent.
Pharmacology.
The mechanism that produces 2C-T-15's hallucinogenic and entheogenic effects has not been specifically established, however it is most likely to result from action as a 5-HT2A serotonin receptor agonist in the brain, a mechanism of action shared by all of the hallucinogenic tryptamines and phenethylamines for which the mechanism of action is known.
Dangers.
The toxicity of 2C-T-15 is not well documented. 2C-T-15 is much less potent than 2C-T-7, but it may be expected that at very high doses it would display similar toxicity to that of other phenethylamines of the 2C-T family. Other phenethylamine derivatives substituted with an alkylthio group at the 4 position such as 2C-T-7 and 4-MTA are known to act as selective monoamine oxidase A inhibitors, a side effect which can lead to lethal serotonin syndrome when they are combined with stimulant drugs. Most confirmed fatalities involving 2C-T drugs involve their combination with other hard drugs such as alcohol, ecstasy or cocaine.
Legality.
2C-T-15 is not explicitly illegal in the USA, but possession and sales of 2C-T-15 could be prosecuted under the Federal Analog Act because of its structural similarities to 2C-T-7. 2C-T-15 is a class A drug under the Misuse of Drugs act in the UK

</doc>
<doc id="9691474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691474" title="Sha (singer)">
Sha (singer)

Grazia di Fresco, better known by her stage name Sha, is a German singer of Italian descent who rose to fame in the summer of 2006 with her debut single "JaJa".
Formation.
Sha grew up in Schwieberdingen near Stuttgart. After finishing school in the year 2000 at the Hans Grüninger High School in Markgröningen she moved to Munich and published in 2001 as artist Grazia on an indie label, the song "Rome or Paris". The song was not a commercial success. Five years later she wrote a record contract with major label EMI.
Subsequent career.
Her debut single "JaJa" was released in the beginning of August 2006 and charted right away on the German and Austrian music charts. The song is a cover version of the 1990 hit "Ice Ice Baby" of American rapper Vanilla Ice, for which new German lyrics were written by its producer Ole Wierk. In February 2007, Sha released her second single, the electro-/synthpop song "Vergiss Mich", which is notable for its use of synthesizers.
On August 24, 2007, a double A-side single "Respect the Girls / Verdammt ich lieb dich" was released. There are videos for both songs. "Respect the Girls" was recorded as a part of the action of the German magazine "BRAVO Girl", while "Verdammt ich lieb dich" is a cover of the German Schlager singer Matthias Reim. On August 25, Sha was at the Brandenburger Tor in Berlin, supporting the "Schau nicht weg!" action of "BRAVO" and VIVA against school violence. On August 31, her first album, "Kein Scheiß!", was released.
Sha subsequently signed a North American deal with Toucan Cove Entertainment in March 2008 which will re-formulate "Kein Scheiss!" with all-English versions of many of the songs coupled with several brand new tracks for summer of 2008 release.

</doc>
<doc id="9691476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691476" title="Amplexus (label)">
Amplexus (label)

Amplexus was an Italian record label that was founded by Stefano Gentile that specialized in limited-edition mini CDs by notable ambient artists such as Steve Roach, vidnaObmana, Robert Rich, and Michael Stearns. It went out of business in 2003 and was replaced by Silentes.

</doc>
<doc id="9691485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691485" title="WAOA-FM">
WAOA-FM

WAOA-FM (107-1 A1A) is a Top 40 (CHR) station covering Florida's Space Coast. Owned by Cumulus Media, it broadcasts Pop, Rock, R&B, and sometimes Hip-Hop on 107.1 MHz with an ERP of 100,000 watts. With that type of power, it can be heard as far north as Daytona Beach, as far west as Winter Haven, and far south as Stuart. Its transmitter is located in the Melbourne neighborhood, Lake Washington, south of Lake Washington Road, at Harlock Road. It is visible from Interstate 95. Its branding is named after State Road A1A.
As of October 2007, the station was streamed online via iHeart Radio.
History.
It stood second in Brevard County in ratings in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="9691493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691493" title="Sparsh (film)">
Sparsh (film)

Sparsh (Devnagari: स्पर्श, in English: "Touch") is a 1980 Indian Hindi feature film directed by Sai Paranjpye. It stars Naseeruddin Shah and Shabana Azmi playing the characters of a visually impaired principal and a sighted teacher in a school for the blind, where they fall in love though soon their complexes tag along and they struggle to get past them to reconnect with the "touch" of love. The film remains most memorable for the subtle acting of its leads, plus the handling of the issue of relationships with the visually handicapped, revealing the emotional and perception divide between the world, the "blind" and the "sighted", epitomized by the characters. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi
The film won numerous awards including National Film Award - Best Actor for Naseeruddin Shah, while Sai Paranjpye got the Best Screenplay. At the Filmfare Awards, it won the top two: that of Best Movie and Filmfare Award - Best Director, plus a Best Dialogue Award for Sai Paranjpye. Further, Shabana Azmi was nominated for Best Actress, which she eventually won for the film "Bhavna", while Naseeruddin Shah was nominated for Best Actor lost out to Anupam Kher in "Saaransh".
Synopsis.
This film is about the blind, in particular about the lives and feelings of blind children and the principal of their school. "Sparsh" refers to the sensation and feeling of touch upon which blind people rely in the absence of sight.
The story opens with Anirudh Parmar (Naseeruddin Shah) as the principal of Navjivan Andhvidyalay, a school for the blind that educates about 200 blind children. Anirudh has a dark and lonely existence for the most part. One day, while on his way to the doctor, he hears a lovely song and ends up mesmerized at the singer's door instead of the doctor. 
The voice belongs to Kavita Prasad (Shabana Azmi), a young woman recently widowed after three years of marriage. Kavita, too, prefers a secluded existence. Her childhood friend Manju (Sudha Chopra) is about the only friend she has.
Manju throws a small party where Kavita and Anirudh meet again. He recognizes her from her voice. During the conversation, he mentions that the school is looking for volunteers to read to, sing to, teach handicrafts and spend time with the children. Kavita is reluctant, but she is urged by Manju and her husband Suresh to strongly consider it. Kavita decides to volunteer.
As Kavita spends more time at the school, she begins forming a friendship with Anirudh. The friendship grows stronger over time and they become engaged. But their personalities and feelings are different. Anirudh is of strong character: He firmly believes that the blind need help but not pity or charity. (When once, in his office, Kavita attempts to assist him with coffee, he gets enraged at the thought of his guest offering to overcome his obvious difficulty with hospitality.) Kavita, recently bereaved, looks to the school (and Anirudh) as a way towards an ideal, one of sacrificial service. Anirudh gets wind of this and assumes Kavita is simply seeking to fill the void in her life with this form of service. He assumes she accepted the proposal not out of love but as a sacrifice towards a way out of her dark life. During this time, Anirudh's fellow blind friend Dubey (Om Puri) laments that his recently deceased wife was not happy in their marriage.
Anirudh is shaken, confused and disturbed by all this. He breaks off the engagement (but does not mention the reason to Kavita). She accepts his decision.
Kavita, now a salaried employee of the school, continues to help the children. The initial coldness between her and Anirudh gives way to friction and eventually, over a series of events at the school, brings up the feelings they were not able to discuss before. The situation spirals downward and one of them must leave the school.
The movie ends with Anirudh and Kavita being 'touched' by the depth of their feelings for one another and finally seeing a way out.
Music.
"Sparsh"'s music is by veteran music director Kanu Roy and lyrics are by Indu Jain.

</doc>
<doc id="9691514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691514" title="Special Assignment (Captain Scarlet)">
Special Assignment (Captain Scarlet)

"Special Assignment" is the tenth episode of the Supermarionation television series "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons". It was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on on ATV Midlands, was written by Tony Barwick and directed by Robert Lynn. In this episode, Captain Scarlet appears to betray Spectrum after the Mysterons threaten to destroy North America.
Plot.
Shortly after the Mysterons threaten to destroy the whole of North America, Captain Scarlet is dismissed from Spectrum for gambling on duty. Broke, and owing $5,000 to a casino, Scarlet moves into an Arizona hotel. He is soon approached by Steele and Kramer, the two men who have been killed and reconstructed by the Mysterons to carry out their threat, and agrees to provide them with a Spectrum Pursuit Vehicle for "private use" if they rid him of his debt. Steele and Kramer will use the vehicle to penetrate Nuclear City in Nevada. They will then detonate a nuclear device, creating a chain reaction powerful enough to obliterate the whole North American continent.
Captain Blue, suspicious of Scarlet's uncharacteristic gambling and the manner of his dismissal, has been tracing his friend to find out the truth behind events. When Blue arrives at the desert ranch house where the details of the Mysteron plan are being revealed, Scarlet shoots his friend to reassure the Mysteron agents that he is on their side. Blue, however, is hit only with a sedative dart, and after regaining consciousness is informed by Colonel White that Scarlet has been operating undercover to infiltrate the Mysteron plot. Blue learns that Nuclear City is being targeted via a map left at the ranch. The Angels are launched from Cloudbase as Scarlet and the Mysteron agents speed towards Nuclear City in a commandeered SPV. Driving, Scarlet emits smoke from the vehicle to signal the Angels to attack it. Realising Scarlet's betrayal, Steele shoots Scarlet, but the officer ejects from the SPV before it is hit and explodes, thwarting the Mysteron threat.
Production.
Several scripting changes were made between the original version of Tony Barwick's script and the final edit of the episode. At the earliest stage of development, the episode was to open with Captain Scarlet losing at the casino. Modifications to the script added a prelude depicting the death and reconstruction of Steele and Kramer, who are killed in a vehicle accident. For the completed episode, the death sequence is expanded with a garage mechanic, Mason, being murdered by Captain Black, reconstructed himself and then sabotaging the brakes of Steele and Kramer's vehicle, which later loses control and flies over a cliff edge, killing the men. Although the Steele and Kramer reconstructions are destroyed by the end of the episode, the fate of the duplicated Mason is left unspecified.
As Captain Blue arrives at the ranch house, he is shown to be driving an unmarked car in a long-distance shot which changes to a Spectrum Saloon in a close-up shot. "Special Assignment" also marks one of the few occasions in the series in which Colonel White is shown to be away from Cloudbase, for a closing scene at the casino. The only other cases are his undercover departure in "White as Snow", attending the conference in "Spectrum Strikes Back" and piloting a Spectrum Jet with Captain Scarlet in "Flight to Atlantica". All the music in this episode is re-used from a track library of previously recorded pieces. Notable among the recycled music is the TVR-17 tune "White as Snow", which can originally be heard in the episode of the same name and features here during the opening sequence set at Mason's garage.
Reception.
Critics Chris Drake and Graeme Bassett discuss the unusual nature of the plot of "Special Assignment", writing that it "contains more than one red herring" in the case of its characters.

</doc>
<doc id="9691544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691544" title="Petrus Ngebo">
Petrus Ngebo

Petrus Ngebo, previously known as Petrus Mahlatsi, (born April 1, 1984 in Koppies, Free State) is a South African footballer who plays for Chippa United in the Premier Soccer League.
Ngebo is a deadly striker with an eye for goal, he is a fan favourite but a series of unfortunate injuries have hindered his progress.

</doc>
<doc id="9691547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691547" title="Gorey Community School">
Gorey Community School

Gorey Community School was located in Gorey County Wexford, Ireland. It is the largest school in Ireland with almost 1850 students.
Background and History.
Gorey Community School was established in 1993, founded by Bishop levo following the amalgamation of the Loreto, Vocational and CBS schools.
It now has a student population of over 1800 and a teaching staff of more than 150.
The school occupies a la"r"ge site of alm"o"st which comprises playing fields, "b"asketball courts, and tennis courts. In 2000 a new extension was opened. The construction of a second extension began in September 2007 and was co"m"pleted in October 2008. There are now "o"ver 90 classrooms inc"l"uding numerous specia"l"ist ro"o"ms and a large g"y"mnasium. Another further extension was made in 2011 and opened in 2012.
Through many years of fund raising an oratory was built "i"n 2003 with "s"eating for over 200 people.
GCS is m"a"naged by a Board of Management, which includes 6 representatives from the trustees ( the V.E.C., the Loreto order and the C.B.S), 2 teachers representatives and 2 parents representatives).
Principal.
Michael Finn

</doc>
<doc id="9691608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691608" title="1956 in Northern Ireland">
1956 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9691613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691613" title="Thomas Tillinghast">
Thomas Tillinghast

Thomas Tillinghast (August 21, 1742 - August 26, 1821) was a United States Representative from Rhode Island. Born in East Greenwich, Tillinghast was elected as a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives and served from 1772 to 1773. He held several offices under the Revolutionary authorities and again served in the Rhode Island House of Representatives from 1778 to 1780. He was a judge of the Court of Common Pleas in 1779. He was a member of the council of war. He served as an Associate Justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court from 1780 to 1797. 
He was a great grandson of Rev. Pardon Tillinghast (1622–1718)
Tillinghast was elected as a Federalist to the Fifth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Elisha R. Potter and served from November 13, 1797, to March 3, 1799. He was again elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Seventh Congress and served from March 4, 1801 to March 3, 1803. 
Tillinghast died in East Greenwich on August 26, 1821. Interment was in Tillinghast Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9691648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691648" title="Richie Lewis">
Richie Lewis

Richie Todd Lewis (born January 25, 1966 in Muncie, Indiana) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from to for the Baltimore Orioles, Florida Marlins, Detroit Tigers, Oakland Athletics and Cincinnati Reds. He attended Southside High School in Muncie, where his father was the coach for many years. He then went on to attend Florida State University.
Originally drafted by the Montreal Expos 44th overall in the 1987 draft, Lewis spent a few years in the minors before making his big-league debut. He played only two games professionally in 1987, both in AAA ball. He would prove to be a very valuable minor league player over the next few seasons, both as a starter and reliever. For example, he posted a 2.58 ERA in as a starter, and in with the Jacksonville Expos he posted a 1.26 ERA as a reliever.
He made his major league debut on July 31, 1992 at the age of 26. Standing at the height of , Lewis—who is one of the shortest players ever to pitch in the majors—pitched just over four innings in his debut (he started the game). He gave up five hits and walked six, but he still managed to earn the win.
Lewis was selected in the 51st round of the 1992 Expansion draft by the Florida Marlins.
He would mostly be used as a reliever for the rest of his career, with his best season being . In 57 games, he posted a 3.26 ERA and 65 strikeouts. Overall, he went 14 and 15 in his career, with 191 walks, 244 strikeouts and a 4.88 ERA in 217 games. Although his major league career ended on June 4, 1998, he bounced around in the minors until 2003. He was the pitching coach for the Columbus Catfish in 2006.
A recurring glitch in the EA Sports Triple Play video game franchise caused Lewis to throw certain pitches between 111–120 miles per hour, making him one of the most dominant pitchers in all of the games in which the glitch occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="9691676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691676" title="The Little Theatre of Jean Renoir">
The Little Theatre of Jean Renoir

The Little Theatre of Jean Renoir () is a 1970 television film written and directed by Jean Renoir. The last completed work by Renoir, it consists of three short films: "The Last Christmas Dinner", "The Electric Floor Waxer" and "A Tribute to Tolerance".
Cast.
with
and
and
with
and

</doc>
<doc id="9691738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691738" title="Grant County Herald Independent">
Grant County Herald Independent

The Grant County Herald Independent is a newspaper printed in Lancaster, Wisconsin. Owned by Morris Multimedia, it is the state's oldest weekly newspaper. The newspaper was first published in 1843 under the name of the Grant County Herald.
History.
The newspaper began as the Grant County Herald on Saturday, March 18, 1843, printed by the Schrader, Mallett & Company. The first publisher of the newspaper was J.D. Spalding. A little over a year later, Spalding was joined by James Goodhue, an attorney in Lancaster, who began writing for the newspaper in July 1844, often under the penname of "G." Goodhue would write for the paper for five years, before packing his bags, and moving his family to Minnesota, where he would start his own newspaper, The Minnesota Pioneer, which would become the Pioneer Press, the oldest newspaper in the state of Minnesota.
The newspaper was edited from 1958 to 1960 by Mark W. Hopkins, who later joined the Milwaukee Journal and the US government-run Voice of America. (Source: Milwaukee Journal, July 8, 1989)
Location.
The current offices for the Herald Independent, which is where a number of area newspapers are printed, is 208 W. Cherry Street in downtown Lancaster, along the Grant County Courthouse Square. Tours are regularly given, by request, to groups and schoolchildren, featuring modern printing techniques. The telephone number for the office is 608-723-2151.
External links.
Independent Photos - http://heraldindependent.dotphoto.com - Newspaper photo website - guest password is "herald"

</doc>
<doc id="9691743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691743" title="Argentia">
Argentia

Argentia is a community on the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is situated on a flat headland located along the southwest coast of the Avalon Peninsula on Placentia Bay. It is within the municipal boundaries of the Town of Placentia.
Originally settled by the French in the 1630s that fishing settlement was called Petit Plaisance, meaning "Pleasant Little Place". The name was retained in English (Little Placentia) when the French lost control of the area following the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713. The census of 1706 records 149 individuals in 14 habitations. The community adopted its present name (unofficially in 1895 and officially in 1901) for the presence of silver ore in the Broad Cove region of the community. The name "Argentia" is Latin, meaning "Land of Silver" and was chosen Father John St. John, the parish priest at Holy Rosary Parish from September 18, 1895 to February 11, 1911. The Silver Cliff Mine operated until the early 1920s but was never profitable. Through most of the 19th century, the fishery was the lifeblood of the community; the Commission of government built a herring factory at Argentia in 1936.
The first church and school were established by Father Pelagius Nowlan in 1835. He was from Ireland and moved to Newfoundland as a missionary priest. In 1836, population was made up 484 people in 76 houses.
Railway comes to town.
The Newfoundland Railway chose Port aux Basques to be its western terminus in 1893 and a new ferry intended for service to North Sydney, Nova Scotia was built in Scotland. In October, 1897 the new vessel named the SS "Bruce" arrived but the docks at Port aux Basques had not been completed. As a result, from October until June, 1898 (when it reverted to Port aux Basques), the "Bruce" operated from Little Placentia to North Sydney.
Death of a village.
World War II.
War between Britain and Nazi Germany was declared on September 3, 1939 in the aftermath of Hitler's invasion of Poland.
Argentia was selected in 1940 to be the location of a United States Navy base being built under the U.S.-British lend-lease program which saw US warships loaned to Britain in exchange for selected British military bases (or land for new bases) in the Western Hemisphere. The reason for preferring the Argentia site was due to the secure deepwater anchorage offered by the adjoining Ship Harbour and Fox Harbour, as well as the local topography for an airfield and an existing railway line.
The base was urgently needed as part of the trans-Atlantic supply line which joined North America to Britain, in order to provide anti-submarine patrols to protect shipping from the German U-boat fleet.
Lend-lease arrangement.
The land beneath the village was traded to the United States for construction of the base under the lend-lease programme and the residents of Argentia and Marquise received the following notices:
"In exercise of the powers conferred upon me by the Defence (requisition of land) Regulations, made under the Emergency Powers Defence Act 1940, on the 28th day of December AD 1940, I do authorize all persons who shall be engaged by the United States Government or its agents and contractors on the construction for that government of any naval, military or air works at Argentia to do any work on any land or place any thing in, on, or over any land upon the Argentia Peninsula, insofar as it shall be necessary for any such person so to do for the carrying out of any such work of construction including any preliminary work in relation thereto."
"Provided, however, that this present authority shall not be valid to authorize the demolition, pulling down or destruction of any building or erection upon any such land, or the doing of any act which renders any such building or erection intangible."
"Signed, Wilfrid Woods, Commissioner for Public Utilities"
""The Defence (requisition of land) Regulations made under the Emergency Powers Defence Act 1940 on the 28th day of December, A.D., 1940."
"I have to notify you that the lands and buildings lately belonging to and occupied by you at Argentia, for which said lands and buildings payment has been awarded, are required for occupation by the Government of Newfoundland not later than ________. Take notice, therefore, that the said premises must be completely vacated by you and peaceably yielded up to the Government of Newfoundland, its servants, agents, on or before the date mentioned."
"Signed: WW Woods, Commissioner for Public Utilities""
Relocation.
Those buried in the three local graveyards were exhumed and reburied in a new cemetery constructed by the US forces at the insistence of the local parish priest, Father A.J. Dee, who had also raised objections to the wartime delays in finding new housing for Argentia's living residents who were being forced to leave the village. The abandoned homes were ultimately burned or levelled by bulldozers.
The US flag was raised in Argentia on February 13, 1941.
§==Timeline==
Naval Station Argentia.
Throughout 1940–1941 the U.S. Navy constructed an airfield and navy base and built an extension to the Newfoundland Railway to service their facilities, owing to the condition of local roads. The navy base construction in particular was a priority with Navy Operating Base Argentia being officially commissioned on July 15, 1941.
Atlantic Charter.
The reason for the rush was made clear on August 7, 1941 when the heavy cruiser USS "Augusta" (CA-31) carrying U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt arrived in the Ship Harbour anchorage. Roosevelt inspected the base construction progress and did some fishing from "Augusta" over the next two days. "Augusta" was joined by the British warship HMS "Prince of Wales" carrying British Prime Minister Winston Churchill on August 9, 1941. While in the Ship Harbour anchorage from August 9–12, the chiefs of staff of Britain and the U.S. met to discuss the war strategies and logistics once the U.S. joined the war. The two leaders and their aides also negotiated the wording of a press release that they called a "joint statement". That press release was issued on August 14, 1941, in Washington, D.C. and was issued simultaneously in London, England. Several days later the "Daily Herald", a London newspaper, would characterize the contents of that press release as the Atlantic Charter. This often referenced statement was never signed by either Roosevelt or Churchill. The Joint Statement was publicly announced in a press release on August 14, presumably after the "Prince of Wales" had returned safely to UK waters.
On August 28, 1941 Naval Station Argentia was officially commissioned by the U.S. Navy. Argentia would prove to be an important base in the U.S. war effort; by 1943 with the U.S. fully involved in the Second World War, Argentia saw upwards of 10,000 U.S. personnel passing through on the way to the European Theatre. An adjoining United States Army base was established as Fort McAndrew to provide anti-aircraft artillery protection for the navy base and naval air station. In 1946 Fort McAndrew became part of the United States Army Air Forces and was renamed McAndrew Air Force Base in 1948.
Cold War.
With VE in 1945, Argentia saw a drop in personnel but by the start of the Cold War in 1947–1948, personnel numbers rose to 7,000. By the end of the Korean War in 1953, Argentia saw a total of 8,500 personnel posted in the area.
In 1955 McAndrew AFB was deactivated and turned over to the U.S. Navy as the U.S. Air Force moved its personnel to more remote and northern locations along the coast of Newfoundland and Labrador to build radar stations which would become part of the Pinetree Line and DEW Line systems. In the 1960s Naval Station Argentia became a key "node" in the U.S. Navy's SOSUS underwater hydrophone system. As such, the base was the target for several espionage attempts by the Soviet Union. By 1969 the total U.S. Navy and Marine Corps contingents had dropped to 3,000 and to 1,000 by 1971.
Closure and abandonment.
As facilities and structures closed, assets were transferred to the Government of Canada under the terms of the U.S.-Britain lend-lease program; Newfoundland having become a Canadian province in 1949. In 1973 Naval Air Station Argentia was closed and by 1975 the entire north side of the base was out of U.S. hands. In 1994 Naval Operating Base Argentia, one of the US Navy's most modern facilities, was officially decommissioned and the entire site was transferred to the Government of Canada, and in turn to private sector and the provincial government.
Its military base now closed, Argentia has become all but a ghost town. None of the original pre-war buildings remain as they were demolished to construct the base. But some empty military buildings are being reused as the beginning of what is hoped to become an industrial park in Argentia.
New investment.
Along with Freshwater, Dunnville, and Jerseyside, Argentia became part of Placentia in 1991.
In June 2002, Inco announced that an agreement had been reached with the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador on a three phase plan to develop the Voisey's Bay nickel deposit.
The $1 billion initial phase of the Voisey's Bay agreement provided for infrastructure development at Voisey's Bay, a research and development program in hydrometallurgical processing, including a demonstration plant to be built at Argentia. It was ready to test concentrate by November 2005 to coincide with the first shipment from Voisey's Bay.
The demonstration plant was an initial step toward the ultimate development of a commercial hydrometallurgical processing facility to be constructed and operated in Long Harbour, Newfoundland. The commissioning of a 110-million pounds per annum processing facility was expected to occur in late 2011.
Transportation.
Airport.
The airfield remained abandoned until 2008. With the announcement that the INCO development would not be using the airfield, the Air Cadet Gliding Program once again started using the airfield for gliding operations in May, 2008.
Ferry terminal.
Also Argentia is home to Tacamor Call Centers, the first business of its kind in this area. Tacamor is an outsourced customer-service and technical-support call center currently assisting leading digital download, insurance, and other firms in caring for their customers around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9691782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691782" title="Jonathan Blitstein">
Jonathan Blitstein

Jonathan Blitstein (born 1982 Lincolnshire, Illinois) is an American playwright, and indie filmmaker. He is known for his indie film Let Them Chirp Awhile and his acclaimed play Keep Your Baggage With You for which he won the New York Innovative Theater Award (2011). A graduate of the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, Blitstein previously studied acting at The Second City Workshop and The Piven Theater in Chicago, LAByrinth Theater and Primary Stages in NYC, and has worked with Theater For the New City, Jean Cocteau Repertory Theatre, Rattlestick Playwrights Theater, The Defiant Theater, members of The Hypocrites, The Taxi Theater Company, Magic Bullet Media/Sauce and Co. and The Process Group. He is a founding member of Lesser America, a theater company which was named "Person(s) of the Year" by critic Martin Denton of NYTheatre.com. Blitstein was an associate artist with the LoNyLa Project, and is a member of the Rising Phoenix Repertory. 
Bibliography / Notes.
1. Richard Vague Ceremony Press Release - http://www.factory630.com/files/vague_press_release.pdf
2. Rhode Island International Film Festival Page - http://filmguide.film-festival.org/tixSYS/filmguide/eventnote.php?EventNumber=1042
3. Santa Fe "Bootstrap Cinema" Panel Announcement - http://www.santafefilmfestival.com/Panels_Workshops
4. Woodstock Film Festival Page - http://www.woodstockfilmfestival.com/festival2007/details.php?id=17450

</doc>
<doc id="9691786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691786" title="Buddhism in Iceland">
Buddhism in Iceland

Buddhism in Iceland has existed since the 1990s after immigration from countries with Buddhist populations, mainly Thailand. As of 2008, there are three Buddhist organizations in Iceland officially recognized as religious organizations by the Icelandic government. The oldest and largest is the Buddhist Association of Iceland, a Theravada group, which was recognized in 1996 and had 880 members in 2010. Another group, Zen in Iceland – Night Pasture, a Zen group, was recognized in 1999 and had 75 members in 2010. The most recent group is, SGI in Iceland, a Soka Gakkai group, which was recognized in 2008 with 135 members. Together, these three organizations represent approximately 0.3% of the population of Iceland. This is more than the Islamic groups but less than the pagan groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9691791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691791" title="1955 in Northern Ireland">
1955 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9691797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691797" title="Ratz">
Ratz

Ratz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9691832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691832" title="Ralph Baker (halfback)">
Ralph Baker (halfback)

Ralph "Moon" Baker (June 28, 1902 – August 3, 1977) was an American football halfback in college.
Was the team captain of the Northwestern University football team, leading them to the Big Ten championship in 1926. Baker was an All-American along with teammate Bob Johnson. Inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1981.
Baker, a native of Rockford, Illinois, played one year at Illinois (alongside Red Grange) before transferring to Northwestern. He played both football and basketball for three years. After years as the conference doormat, the football team rallied behind Baker's "triple threat" abilities to a second-place finish in 1925 and the conference title in 1926. (Source: Press Release (no title), National Football Foundation and Hall of Fame, 28 January 1981) 
He once said his greatest thrill was the day he kicked two field goals against Notre Dame. "The Four Horsemen were playing for them then, you know," he said. The sophomore drop-kicked field goals of 34 and 36 yards in the 1924 game at Soldier Field in Chicago to give his upstart Wildcats the lead. However, the Irish rallied to win the game 13-6. Baker's school record of seven field goals in one season stood until the 1960s. (Source: Rockford "Register-Star", "Moon Baker: Former Northwestern All-American was 'happy-go-lucky, determined and strong', 18 September 1977, Page F3)
Myths and Legends.
Baker is occasionally reported to have been a member of Curly Lambeau's Green Bay Packers in 1931. However, it is likely he is in those instances being confused with fellow Northwestern alumnus and Phi Kappa Psi brother Frank Baker. Apparently unrelated to Ralph Baker, Frank Baker played varsity football at Northwestern in 1928, 1929 and 1930, as well as two games at end for the Packers in 1931. (Sources: Northwestern University Archives, "Frank L. Baker (1909-1985) Scrapbook, ca. 1924-1933, Series 31/6/53, retrieved 21 July 2007; Green Bay Packers History: All Time Roster retrieved 21 July 2007)
Less mystery surrounds his nickname, however. "Do you remember Moon Mullins?" he asked in a 1951 interview, referring to the famous comic strip. "Well, I knew Frank Willard, the cartoonist. Every day I used to grab the Tribune in the fraternity house, and I read the cartoon before I looked at sports or anything else." (Source: Rockford "Register-Star", "Moon Baker: Former Northwestern All-American was 'happy-go-lucky, determined and strong', 18 September 1977, Page F3)

</doc>
<doc id="9691838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691838" title="Ntokozo Sikhakhane">
Ntokozo Sikhakhane

Ntokozo Percival Sikhakhane (born 28 March 1983 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football player who plays as a midfielder for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League. 
He was born in KwaMashu, Durban.

</doc>
<doc id="9691839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691839" title="Hastings Football Club">
Hastings Football Club

The Hastings Football Club, nicknamed "the Blues", is an Australian rules football club playing in the Mornington Peninsula Nepean Football League. The club itself is based in Hastings, Victoria and has won 21 Senior Premierships since 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="9691841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691841" title="Pitchfork Uprising">
Pitchfork Uprising

The Pitchfork Uprising of 1920, also known as Black Eagle uprising, was a peasant uprising against the Soviet policy of the war communism in what is today Eastern Tatarstan and Western Bashkortostan.
It started in the village of Yanga Yelan, Menzelinsky Uyezd, Ufa Governorate on February 4, 1920, where local peasants tried to resist confiscation of their food. When they refused to give up their produce, the leader of the military confiscation unit ("prodotryad") arrested some of them. Peasants asked him to free the hostages, but he refused. Peasants killed the members of prodotryad and circulated the appeal to rise.
On February 9 the chairman of Menzelinsk committee and the chief of Zainsk militia were killed in Yanga Yelan. On February 10 the peasants killed the Soviet representative in Zainsk. The uprising spread to the Belebeysky, Birsky uyezds of the Ufa Governorate, Chistopolsky Uyezd of the Kazan Governorate, Bugulminsky Uyezd of the Samara Governorate. The staff of the uprising was found under I. Milovanov. Their slogans were "Down with the communist and the Civil War, long live the Constituent Assembly!"
The peasant army known as "Black Eagle" counted 50,000 rebels. However, they were armed only with pitchforks, axes, and spades, which gave the name to the uprising. 
Troops for the Internal Defense of the Republic (Cheka) used heavy machine guns and artillery against them. In a few days (mid-March 1920) thousands of rebels were killed and hundreds of villages burned. The casualty count was approximately 800 Soviet troops and more than 3,000 peasant rebels. 

</doc>
<doc id="9691852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691852" title="Naaran">
Naaran

Naaran (also Na'aran) () is an ancient Jewish village dating to the 5th and 6th century CE, located in the West Bank. Remains of the village have been excavated north of Jericho, in Ephraim, between Bethel and Jericho. The mosaic floor of a synagogue was discovered at the site featuring a large zodiac design. Naaran is mentioned in 1 Chronicles 7:28 as a town in the eastern part of Ephraim. Aramaic inscriptions and mosaics from the synagogue are displayed at an archaeology museum established by the Israeli archaeologist Yitzhak Magen at the Good Samaritan Inn. In May 2012, the ancient synagogue was vandalized with graffiti that included swastikas and Palestinian flags. Israel's Public Diplomacy Minister Yuli-Yoel Edelstein condemned the act and noted that, "The incident reaffirms the belief that Jewish holy sites must be under Israel's sovereignty."
An Israeli settlement, kibbutz Niran, located several kilometers to the north, takes its name from Naaran.

</doc>
<doc id="9691860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691860" title="Bristol West by-election, 1957">
Bristol West by-election, 1957

The Bristol West byelection of 7 March 1957 was a by-election to the House of Commons which saw the constituency of Bristol West elect a new Conservative Party Member of Parliament to replace Sir Walter Monckton. Sir Walter had first been elected at a previous byelection in 1951.
Candidates.
The Conservative Party chose Robert Cooke, a schoolteacher who was only 26 years old. Cooke had been President of the Oxford University Conservative Association in 1953, and was elected to Bristol City Council the next year; he had been the Conservative candidate for Bristol South East in the 1955 general election.
The Labour Party chose William Rodgers, then General Secretary of the Fabian Society, who was 28 at the time. There was no Liberal Party candidate.
Results.
Robert Cooke kept the seat in the Conservative column but suffered a substantial reduction in the majority, which fell from 22,001 to 14,162. Labour retained almost all of their 1955 vote. Cooke became the "Baby of the House" (youngest member), and kept the seat until he retired at the 1979 general election. William Rodgers was not disillusioned and later became Labour Member of Parliament for Stockton-on-Tees in a 1962 byelection.

</doc>
<doc id="9691901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691901" title="NxTier">
NxTier

NxTier, is an application service provider company that provides software solutions to the logistics and supply chain industry. Using their VSC platform, the industry has visibility and control of their data virtually anywhere in the world at any time. The VSC platform is an ASP application deployed over the Internet.
The platform allows logistic and supply chain industry providers to schedule and dispatch transportation management system, accept and transmit EDI, provide Web tracking functionality, manage orders with the order management system (OMS), perform business analytics and consolidate and optimize orders and loads.
The system was originally created specifically for the 3PL market. Later it was quickly adopted by the specialized delivery, home delivery and the less than truckload (LTL) markets. Today it has furthered it reach to full truckload carrier market, the service industry; despatch and scheduling, retail build out, appliance and furniture as well as retail replenishment. As the internet became a more reliable platform NxTier positioned its VSC platform to compete in the EDI space to reduce or eliminate value added network (VAN) based fees.
Nxtier VSC platform provides multiple components of an enterprise resource planning system. It also provides interfaces to other platforms and systems.
The platform is Internet-based, enterprise software and can be accessed with any internet connection.
History.
Founded in 1994, in Worcester, Massachusetts, to help the transportation industry increase visibility into the supply chain by giving them greater visibility and Control over there IT functions and data.
On Friday August 17, 2007 Intellectual property and assets relating to NxTier Technologies legacy TMS/OMS system "Online Order Management System" known as (OOMS) and the supporting infrastructure, were acquired by The Paxton Group headquartered in Worcester Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="9691922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691922" title="List of educational institutions in Peshawar">
List of educational institutions in Peshawar

There are many schools, colleges and universities in Peshawar, Pakistan. Below is an incomplete list:
NICON College, Peshawar (Dr. Kashif)
Educational Institute.
RSS roots school system
Schools.
• Hayatabad Model School(Hayatabad Peshawar)
References.
The University of Agriculture Peshawar (www.aup.edu.pk)

</doc>
<doc id="9691923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691923" title="Juice (JVM)">
Juice (JVM)

JUICE is a Java ME experimental Java Virtual Machine written in C according to the Sun Microsystems specifications. The Juice JVM, designed for real-time Java, was specifically developed to run on the NUXI operating system. The most relevant features of Juice are related to the structure for the heap memory, to the object allocation policy and to the garbage collector used.
Heap memory.
In Juice, all the available heap memory is shared in "chunks" of pre-fixed size. The memory unit used is the "d-word" (that stands for "double-word"). The actual default size of the chunks is fixed to 64 d-words. The free memory chunks are organized in a linked list, while the chunks occupied by Java objects are connected to each other through a hierarchical structure in a way that resembles the representation of the UNIX file system.
Real-time object allocation policy.
The object allocation policy in Juice is strictly connected to the structure used to represent heap memory. Because of this structure, it becomes possible to allocate (and deallocate) Java objects in a time that is dependent only on the size of the object itself (predictability).
The Pay-per-Use garbage collector.
The proposed garbage collector is based on a non-copying tracing collector that performs memory reclamation only when a new object has to be allocated. The name of the garbage collector is because the cost paid by the mutator, in terms of wasted time for collector execution, is proportional to the size of the object to allocate.
Authors.
Garbage Collector, Heap Memory Management: Corrado Santoro, Roberto Aloi
All the rest: Corrado Santoro

</doc>
<doc id="9691973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691973" title="LeanCMMI">
LeanCMMI

LeanCMMI is an approach to software engineering process improvement that integrates agile computing methods with process design and deployment for organization's wishing to improve software engineering capability and achieve a maturity level two or three rating based upon the Software Engineering Institute's Capability Maturity Model Integration or CMMI.
Developed by Broadsword ([http://www.broadswordsolutions.com]) LeanCMMI is based on Lean Engineering and the same concepts that spawned Extreme Programming (XP), Scrum, and Crystal, and traces its roots back to Edward Demings' ""Theory of Profound Knowledge"." Based upon the principle of "Just Enough Not Too Much," LeanCMMI maps the software process improvement journey across three major releases, each with seven iterations based on three "dimensions" of software process improvement each with equal weight and with equal importance to the success of the program.
Three Dimensions of Process Deployment.
Dimension 1: Design - Design and build the process along with all of its artifacts
Dimension 2: Communicate - Determine who received what message when
Dimension 3: Educate - Determine who receives what training, at what level, at which time
Acceptance Test.
LeanCMMI uses a series of CMMI SCAMPI B and C Appraisals to be performed at the end of each Release in order to validate the contents of the Release and identify any gaps in the processes as it relates to the CMMI model. This additive approach reduces risk and helps to ensure that a successful SCAMPI A Appraisal can be performed at the conclusion of the program.
Virtual Enduring Teams.
LeanCMMI requires an enduring virtual organization approach that levels the effort across all stakeholders with a five percent re-direct effort estimated for the duration of the program. Organized into virtual teams called Special Interest Groups, or SIGs, these teams are Encapsulated Process Objects that own responsibility for the process, its data, maintenance, training, and communications. An enduring virtual Software Engineering Process Group, or SEPG, serves as the Process Owner, and provides oversight, direction, and authority for the program.
Membership in the SIGs and SEPG is by opt-in and can rotate but the organizations endure as owners of the process. This approach is designed to speed cultural adoption of the process by including as many practitioners as possible in the design and deployment phase.
Resources.
Software Engineering Institute [www.sei.cmu.edu]
Capability Maturity Model Integration [www.sei.cmi.edu]
AgileCMMI: Process Innovation at the Speed of Life [http://www.broadswordsolutions.com/resources.php]
Broadsword [http://www.broadswordsolutions.com]
http://www.broadswordsolutions.com
Agile CMMI, Jeff Dalton, Auerbach Publications, 2007
Lean Integration, John Schmidt, 2009 [http://integration.yourmembership.com/store/view_product.asp?id=317991]
SEI, CMMI, SCAMPI, Capability Maturity Model Integration are service mark

</doc>
<doc id="9691991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9691991" title="Dzielnica">
Dzielnica

In the Polish system of local administration, a dzielnica (Polish plural "dzielnice") is an administrative subdivision or quarter of a city or town. A dzielnica may have its own elected council ("rada dzielnicy", or "dzielnica council"), and those of Warsaw each have their own mayor ("burmistrz"). Like the osiedle and sołectwo, a dzielnica is an auxiliary unit ("jednostka pomocnicza") of a gmina. These units are created by decision of the gmina council, and do not have legal personality in their own right. 
The subsidiary units of many towns and cities are called osiedles rather than dzielnicas, although it is also possible for osiedles to exist within a dzielnica. Numbers and sizes of dzielnicas vary significantly between cities. Warsaw has 18 dzielnicas, as does Kraków; Gdańsk has 30, Gdynia 22, Lublin 27, Katowice 22 and Szczecin 4. Some cities are no longer formally divided into dzielnicas, although formerly existing dzielnicas continue to be referred to as such and serve as areas of jurisdiction for administrative offices. Łódź, Wrocław and Poznań are each divided into five districts of this type. 
The word "dzielnica" is also used informally in Polish to refer to any distinct part of a town or city. Historically it can also refer to a region of the country, in particular any of the five principalities into which Poland was divided following the death of Bolesław III Wrymouth in 1138; see Testament of Bolesław III Krzywousty.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9692022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692022" title="1954 in Northern Ireland">
1954 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9692085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692085" title="Iona National Airways">
Iona National Airways

Iona National Airways was Ireland's first commercial airline. Based at Kildonan Aerodrome and Collinstown Dublin, it operated between 1931 and 1995.
Early beginnings.
When Hugh Cahill started an aviation wing of his motor company - Iona - at Cross Guns Bridge in Dublin in 1931, he was already well known as a Dublin entrepreneur. Initially the Irish Government did not back the proposal for a civil aerodrome, and refused to allow Cahill a license. It was not until after a few months in operation, when Iona National Airways flights became frequent and after Baldonnel was no longer seen as a location for civil aviation, that the license was granted.
Cahill's chosen site for the aerodrome, was at Kildonan House near Finglas in Dublin. The site was about 3 miles from his garage, making it easy to service aircraft back at base, at Cross Guns Bridge. Iona National Airways, operated out of Kildonan for two years until mid 1933, when Cahill's attentions were re-focused on his motor business. Despite this, two other airlines were to operate from Kildonan, including Dublin Air Ferries (DAF), which was run and owned by the noted aviator Lady Mary Heath and her husband, Jack Williams.
Returning to the air.
In 1955 Pearse Cahill, Hugh Cahill's son, recognised an opportunity in the Irish Aviation market (Ireland had no major flying club, and no major secondary airline). Aer Lingus was also struggling to survive in the economic recessions of Ireland (which allowed for other enterprises to develop). Pearse did not rush into creating a modern airline, possibly because the money he received from his father to do other things (especially not to fly) may not have been enough to buy larger aircraft. Nonetheless, Pearse bought and shipped in three ex-RAF DH Chipmunk aircraft into Ireland. This was to restart the Irish Aero Club, rivalling activities at nearby Weston airfield. Soon afterwards, Pearse realised that he could make aviation in Ireland profitable for Iona, and he imported aircraft for flying clubs around the country, firmly establishing the country with companies such as Cessna and Piper, as well as handling the majority of engine overhauls at Dublin Airport.
Iona flourished; media reporters would rent out Iona aircraft for air-to-ground photographs, and for media reports. Iona was on the front line, even the ever-upsetting images of the Stardust Disco tragedy from the air, which have never been forgotten, and have been immortalised in the recent Irish Independent "100 Years Of" magazine; were taken from an Iona aircraft. Iona had earned a place in Irish hearts and in the late seventies, Iona delivered Cessna 172's to the Irish Air Corps, several of which are still flying today. Throughout the early eighties Iona served the market with international air ambulances, regional services and flight training.
Decline and liquidation.
By the early 1990s, Iona had suffered economical problems. It was further affected by the decision of FedEx and DHL to end services to Ireland. Other problems included issues with several statutory governing bodies. Iona may have had an opportunity to restructure, but political conditions were unfavourable. These factors led to the liquidation of Iona National Airways Limited in 1995, having flown its last flight on 14 December 1994.
Following the demise of Avair in February 1984 Iona operated a number of their regional routes, such as Dublin-Sligo. 
When Knock Airport was officially opened on 30 May 1986, Peter Cahill flew the Taoiseach Charles Haughey and Pearse Cahill, from Dublin to Knock to perform the official opening ceremony in the presence of Monsignor James Horan.
After-effects.
Ryanair, Loganair and Aer Arann eventually took over most of the Iona passenger routes, and today, Air Contractors, one of Europe's biggest cargo carriers, operate some of their old routes. To the Irish flying community however, the main loss was the option provided by Iona to learn how to fly relatively cheaply. Iona had entertained enthusiasts at their facilities, as well as supporting non-commercial aviation with fly-ins, open days, aviation events, and a flying club. These outlets were not replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="9692087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692087" title="Stratton Air National Guard Base">
Stratton Air National Guard Base

Stratton Air National Guard Base has hosted the New York Air National Guard 109th Airlift Wing (in various designations) since 1949. The base is named after conservative Democratic US Representative Sam Stratton, who represented the Albany area.
Overview.
Stratton ANGB hosts the NY ANG 109th Airlift Wing. The wing is unique as it is the only USAF unit equipped with 10 ski-equipped C-130 Hercules aircraft, and provides the nation's only air cargo lift capability to polar destinations. Since 1971, the 109th has played an important role in support of the National Science Foundation's research expeditions at both the North and South Poles.
Food, fuel and other equipment are delivered as far North as Thule Air Base, Greenland by normal air transport. From there, these supplies are flown by the LC-130H of the 109th. In addition to the polar missions, the 109th AW supports the airlift responsibilities in support of Air Mobility Command and uses its aircraft as directed by AMC. BRAC 2005 transferred four non ski-equipped C-130H aircraft to Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas.
The base has 39 buildings, amounting to approximately and occupies of land on two holdings leased from Schenectady County. Most of the existing facilities are on the larger main parcel while a Small Arms Firing Range and Rapid Runway Repair training facility are on the smaller south parcel. There are 526 full-time personnel on base with a once a month drill weekend surge to 1,268 personnel.
History.
Following World War II, the New York Air National Guard was established at Schenectady Airport as the 139th Fighter Squadron and received Federal recognition on 18 November 1948. The 139th FS was a re-designation of the World War II 303d Fighter Squadron, which was an operational training unit for III Fighter Command in Florida during the war. The 139th's first assigned aircraft was the Republic F-47D Thunderbolt.
In 1950, the squadron moved across the runway to its present location on the north side of the airport and received F-51H Mustangs. The 139th was one of 17 squadrons not activated during the Korean War. In 1952, the 139th was assigned to Air Defense Command as a Fighter Interceptor Squadron. After the runway at Schenectady was lengthened to , the squadron received its first jets in the form of the Lockheed F-94B Starfire in 1954. Starfire operations continued until 1957 when the North American F-86H Sabre began arriving. Receipt of the Sabre saw the squadron and group lose their Fighter Interceptor prefixes and gain that of Tactical Fighter.
In 1960, the unit joined the Military Air Transport Service as the 139th Air Transport Squadron. The mission of worldwide transport was assigned along with the Boeing C-97A Stratofreighter, the first four-engined transport to be used by the Guard. The 139th ATS was activated for the Berlin Crisis in October 1961, augmenting MATS airlift by flying worldwide missions. The unit returned to State control on 31 August 1962.
On 1 January 1966, the Military Air Transport Service was reorganized and renamed Military Airlift Command. Following this reorganization, the 139th was redesignated a Military Airlift Squadron and as such, made deployments worldwide during the Vietnam war. The unit converted to the Lockheed C-130A in early 1971, and now under Tactical Air Command, was designated the 139th Tactical Airlift Squadron.
The 109th TAG converted to C-130D and D-6s models in the summer of 1975, assuming responsibilities for the Volant Distant Early Warning Line resupply mission on the Greenland ice cap. Ten years later, the unit converted to the LC-130H and has been flying the Hercules to the north and south pole and everywhere in between since in support of USAF and NSF missions in the polar regions.
Annually, the base hosts the Civil Air Patrol's New York Wing Encampment, a one week event that teaches and applies leadership skills. 

</doc>
<doc id="9692095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692095" title="Marie Cathcart, Countess Cathcart">
Marie Cathcart, Countess Cathcart

Marie Isobel Cathcart, Countess Cathcart (born 18 June 1923) is a British peeress.
She was born Marie Isobel French, eldest daughter of the Hon. William Joseph French, a son of the 4th Baron de Freyne, and Victoria Louise (née Bellasis). She had three siblings. She was educated at Les Oiseaux, Westgate on Sea, Kent, and at Ware, Hertfordshire, by the sisters of the FCJ. She joined the Wrens as soon as she was old enough to do so in 1941 during World War II. She has done voluntary work for various charities throughout her lifetime.
Family.
She married, firstly, Thomas Weldon, later Sir Thomas Weldon, 8th Baronet (d. 1979) in 1942, by whom she had two children. She married, secondly, on 25 May 1984, the 6th Earl Cathcart (22 August 1919–1999); her stepson is the 7th Earl Cathcart.
Honorary and Foreign Distinctions.
She belongs to the Dames of Malta and is also a Dame of the Venerable Order of St John.

</doc>
<doc id="9692106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692106" title="Keith Skipper">
Keith Skipper

Keith Skipper MBE DL is a journalist who writes for the "Eastern Daily Press". He is also an author and formerly a broadcaster with BBC Radio Norfolk. His most recent books include: "The Bumper Book of Norfolk Squit" and "Confessions of a Norfolk Newshound". 
He was born at Beeston, Norfolk and currently lives in Cromer, He is a champion of the Norfolk dialect, and was a founder of F.O.N.D. ("Friends of Norfolk Dialect").
He was awarded the MBE in the New Year’s Honours List for services to the Norfolk community in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9692108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692108" title="École supérieure de commerce et management">
École supérieure de commerce et management

The ESCEM School of Business and Management is a business school in France. With a yearly enrolment of about 2000 business students. ESCEM awards around 15 different qualifications from 2 year degrees to Masters level degrees. 
Created in April 1998, ESCEM is the result of a merger between two business schools: ESC Tours and ESC Poitiers. Since the merger the ESCEM School of Business and Management has doubled its staff and its amenities. ESCEM has the AACSB accreditation. In 2012, it in turn merged into France Business School 

</doc>
<doc id="9692152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692152" title="Beatriz Pereira de Alvim">
Beatriz Pereira de Alvim

Beatriz Pereira de Alvim (1380–1415) was a Portuguese noblewoman, the only child of Nuno Álvares Pereira and his wife Leonor de Alvim. 
On 8 November 1401, she married Afonso, Count of Barcelos, illegitimate son of king John I of Portugal. She died before her husband became Duke of Braganza.
Afonso and Beatriz had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9692191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692191" title="Punnai Nagar">
Punnai Nagar

Punnai Nagar is a small town in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India.
Thalavaipuram - part of Punnai nagar.
Darulsafa Home near to Thalavaipuram Church facing @salet matha street.
Konam Polytechnic nearby punnai nagar -next stop.
Collector's bungalow -opposite konam polytechnic.
SP quarters and ISRO Quarters in punnai nagar.

</doc>
<doc id="9692204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692204" title="Cesário Alvim">
Cesário Alvim

Cesário Alvim is a former Brazilian mayor of the Distrito Federal of Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="9692210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692210" title="Ido Reizan">
Ido Reizan

He was involved in , which appears to have forced him into a nomadic lifestyle.
Biography.
Reizan was born Wada Tsuneshige into a family of samurai in Sōma Nakamura han and later married into the Idos, who were an Azabu-stationed samurai family. His wife was Ido Sumi.
Reizan attended and graduated from the Sendai Teaching College, which in the Meiji period became the Faculty of Education of Tohoku University.
In a professional capacity, he worked as a journalist and an editor-in-chief at various newspapers including Osaka Mainichi Shimbun, Sanyo Shimbun, and Tokyo Yokohama Shimbun.
Reizan was a prolific writer who wrote and edited 27 books, the subjects of which ranged from criminal law to Chinese poetry.
Reizan advocated the establishment of the University of Manchuria (満州大学), which he thought would be instrumental in introducing modernity to Manchuria and China. (1905 満洲富籤策 "Manshu tomikujisaku". pp. 25-30) His proposition to provide peoples in Manchuria and China with higher education predates the establishment of the National Foundation University (建国大学 Kenkoku Daigaku) by 33 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9692219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692219" title="Parable of the empty jar">
Parable of the empty jar

The Parable of the Empty Jar (also known as the "Parable of the Woman With a Jar"), is a parable attributed to Jesus. However, it appears in none of the Canonical gospels of the New Testament but only in the non-canonical Gospel of Thomas. According to the Gospel of Thomas 97 Jesus said:
Authenticity.
The scholars of the Jesus Seminar gave the Parable of the Empty Jar a "pink" rating, indicating 
that it is in their opinion probably, but not certainly, an authentic saying of Jesus. The scholars of the Seminar noted parallels with the parable of the leaven, which immediately precedes the parable of the empty jar in the Gospel of Thomas and the parable of the mustard seed: in all three the kingdom starts with something "unnoticed or unexpected or modest". However, the work of the Jesus Seminar has been criticized by other scholars.
Interpretation.
This parable has been given a wide variety of interpretations. It may be a warning against letting the "Kingdom", which according to "Thomas 3" is "inside of you and outside of you" slip away like the lost flour: it may also be a simple warning against self-confidence.
The emptiness of the jar may represent an empty life: "people who live their lives in the world [...] carry jars they think are full, but discover, even after much activity, that they are empty".
Another interpretation is that the parable refers to "the imperceptible coming of the Kingdom".
One commentator recasts the emptiness of the jar in a positive light by highlighting the contrast of the image of the empty jar with the expected ending of the woman finding a full jar: such a "happy ending" would be "fairy tale religiosity" whereas "emptiness in the world is what is critical to eventual spiritual fullness".

</doc>
<doc id="9692221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692221" title="In a Free Land">
In a Free Land

"In A Free Land" is a song by Hüsker Dü released as a single in 1982. It was the band's second single. 
This release finds the band in a period where its music was still strictly hardcore punk, but does have a hint of their future melodic style, particularly in the title track.
The single's pressing was limited to 2,500 copies upon its release, along with an unknown number that contained a lyric insert. [http://www.thirdav.com/hd_discog/01_commercial.html#iafl]
The three tracks, in remixed form (a necessity since the original two-track master was lost by the pressing plant hired by New Alliance), appear on the "Everything Falls Apart and More" CD. The loss of the original two-track master to this EP may have led to a popular rumor that the stereo master to "Everything Falls Apart" itself had been lost. 
The title track was covered by the New Jersey hardcore band Ensign on their 2003 album "Love the Music, Hate the Kids".
In 2009, at the All Tomorrow's Parties festival in New York City, Bob Mould teamed up with members of No Age to perform the song, possibly the first time the song has been performed live since 1987.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
References.
Hüsker Dü annotated discography 

</doc>
<doc id="9692232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692232" title="Sibdon Carwood">
Sibdon Carwood

Sibdon Carwood is a hamlet and small parish in Shropshire, England. To its east is the small market town of Craven Arms.
The hamlet.
The community is quite dispersed, though there is a core hamlet at the heart of the Sibdon Castle estate. Once the location of a medieval fortification or manor house, the present Sibdon Castle is not a castle but an early/mid-17th century stone country house, built by the Corbet family. It was modernised in the 18th century and made castellated with battlements added around 1800. To the rear of the house is a courtyard with a stone stable block. It is a Grade II* Listed building.
Also within the main hamlet is St Michael's Church, which was rebuilt in 1741; there has been a church here since about 1180. A west tower was added around 1800 and the church was restored, extended and made Gothic, with tower battlements, in 1871-2. The church and a lodge near Sibdon Castle are both Grade II listed. Otherwise the hamlet consists of a farm with its own farmhouse, a small number of cottages and numerous outbuildings. Just to the northeast lies Sibdon Pool, a historic 1.3 hectare fishing pool. A private tree-lined carriage drive connects the main hamlet with the Clun Road (the B4368). A number of public right of ways converge on the hamlet, giving the public access to the church, one of which is part of the "Shropshire Way" and "Wart Hill Wanderer".
The parish.
The population of the whole parish was recorded as 82 persons, in 34 households, by the 2001 Census. Instead of a parish council it has a parish meeting; this is due to the very small population of the parish. There is a parish noticeboard on Watling Street. The parish forms part of the Church Stretton and Craven Arms electoral division of Shropshire Council, the local council.
The eastern border of the parish is Watling Street, a Roman road – the other side of this lane is Craven Arms parish. The northern border is Long Lane, with the parish of Wistanstow to the north, whilst to the west is Hopesay Hill and Common. The parish lies on the eastern slope of the hill, between the summit and the town of Craven Arms (where the River Onny flows through); Sibdon Castle itself is at 187 metres above sea level. The western half of the parish, including the main hamlet, lies within the Shropshire Hills AONB, with the lane running through the parish forming the boundary. This western half of the parish is on a steeper gradient and is more wooded, with Sibdon Wood and Oldfield Wood, as well as parkland style trees.
The parish also includes half of the hamlet of Long Meadowend, which is situated in the southwestern corner of the parish, at the junction of the B4367, B4368 and the main lane through the parish, which runs north to Long Lane. (However the junction at Long Meadowend lies in Hopesay parish.) The B4368 road (running from Craven Arms to Clun) and the Heart of Wales Line run through the southern part of the parish, with the nearest railway stations at Broome and Craven Arms.
A small number of holiday cottages now exist in the parish, on Long Lane and Watling Street. Also on Watling Street a farm has diversified since 2004 into an activities centre for children and groups, which has in recent years created large (temporary) outdoor mazes in nearby fields, including corn mazes. Long Lane is part of the "Six Castles Cycleway" and the National Cycle Network route 44.
Etymology and history.
The place is occasionally written simply with the first part of the name, which has been spelt variously over the centuries. Originally "Sibton" (in the Domesday Book of 1086 it is recorded as "Sibetune"), from Saxon origin meaning "Sibba's farmstead". The second part of the full name, Carwood, means "the wood where the rocks are found". The name Carwood is also given to a wooded slope, north of Wart Hill in the north of Hopesay parish, and to three cottages there.
The Norman barons who locally had their power base at Clun Castle, the "de Say" (or "Sai") family, held the manor after the Norman conquest of England in 1066. The name of the neighbouring village and parish, Hopesay, derives from "Hope de Say" – "the valley of Say". During the medieval period, the Welsh Marches was an area of instability and conflict, ruled by the Marcher lords. The Domesday Book records Sibdon as having 6 households, making it quite a small manor population-wise.
The fortified manor at Sibdon Carwood, the predecessor to the 17th-century Sibdon Castle country house, is given the name "Shepeton Corbet" by a number of historical documents, including that of John Leland (c. 1535–43), who also gives the suffix to Hopton Castle and Moreton Corbet castle. This is an indication that the Corbet family owned these fortified manors around the time, of which Moreton Corbet's castle both remains in their ownership and retains the suffix to this day.
About a mile to the north, in the neighbouring hamlet of Cheney Longville, was Cheney Longville Castle.
A description of the parish published in 1848 records that 59 people lived in the parish, which was wholly owned by the Sibdon Castle estate. It also noted a perpetual curacy, with a net income of £50.
Originally the manor of Sibdon was part of the hundred of Rinlau, as recorded in the Domesday Book, however in the 12th century the hundreds of Shropshire were greatly reformed and the parish from then on came within the hundred of Purslow. In 1894 it became part of Ludlow Rural District and then in 1974 the non-metropolitan district of South Shropshire. In 2009 there was another re-organisation of local administration, with the creation of a unitary authority covering most of Shropshire.
The nearby town of Craven Arms is a relatively recent development in the area – it was established only in the mid-19th century, being at the junction of a number of newly-laid railway lines. With much of its recent growth towards the west of the town, its urban area has reached Watling Street and its outskirts fringe into Sibdon Carwood parish.

</doc>
<doc id="9692258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692258" title="Diogo António José Leite Pereira de Melo e Alvim">
Diogo António José Leite Pereira de Melo e Alvim

Diogo António José Leite Pereira de Melo e Alvim was a former Portuguese colonial Governor of Portuguese Guinea (modern Guinea-Bissau).

</doc>
<doc id="9692260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692260" title="Robert Greene">
Robert Greene

Robert Greene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9692267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692267" title="Waldemar Kophamel">
Waldemar Kophamel

Commander Waldemar Kophamel (August 16, 1880 – November 4, 1934) was a successful and highly decorated German U-boat commander in the Kaiserliche Marine during World War I.
In his time as commander of and he succeeded in sinking 54 ships for a total tonnage of . One of his notable actions was sinking the Diamond Shoal Lightship No. 71 (LV-71). Before doing so he allowed the crew, as well as survivors they had rescued from another of his victims, the SS "Merak", to evacuate the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="9692283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692283" title="James Machir">
James Machir

James Machir (died June 25, 1827) was a United States Representative from Virginia. Machir was member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1793 to 1796. He was elected as a Federalist to the Fifth Congress, having won 45.44% of the vote and defeating fellow Federalist Thomas Wilson and Democratic-Republicans John Mitchell and George Jackson and served from March 4, 1797, to March 3, 1799. He again served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1811 to 1813 and from 1818 to 1821. Machir died on June 25, 1827.

</doc>
<doc id="9692323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692323" title="Kii-class battleship">
Kii-class battleship

The "Kii"-class battleship was a planned class of four fast battleships to be built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the 1920s. Only two of the ships received names. They were intended to reinforce Japan's "eight-eight fleet" of eight battleships and eight battlecruisers after the United States announced a major naval construction program in 1919. However, after the signing of the Washington Naval Treaty in 1922, work on the ships was suspended; one pair was cancelled in November 1923 and the other in April 1924.
Design and background.
By 1918, the Navy had gained approval for an "eight-six" fleet of eight battleships and six battlecruisers, all ships under eight years old. However, having four large battleships (two each of the and es) and four s on order put an enormous financial strain on Japan, which was spending about a third of its national budget on the Navy. Despite this, the IJN gained approval of the "eight-eight-eight" plan in 1920 after American President Woodrow Wilson announced plans in 1919 to re-initiate the 1916 plan for ten additional battleships and six battlecruisers. The Japanese response was to plan the construction of eight additional fast battleships in the "Kii" and the Number 13 classes.
Designed by Captain Yuzuru Hiraga, the "Kii" class was based largely on the preceding s, where were in turn based on a less-armored "Tosa"-class design. The only major difference between the "Kii"s and "Amagi"s was their speed and armor—the "Amagi"s were faster, and the "Kii"s had a thicker belt. Despite this lineage, the "Kii"s were classified as "fast battleships" by the Japanese, as they had decided to end the distinction between "battleship" and "battlecruiser."
Description.
The ships had a length of between perpendiculars and overall. They had a beam of and a draft of . The normal displacement of the battleships was .
The class was intended to be equipped with four Gijutsu-Hombu geared steam turbines, each of which drove one propeller shaft. The turbines were designed to produce a total of , using steam provided by 19 Kampon oil-fired water-tube boilers, to reach a maximum speed of .
The primary armament of the "Kii" class was ten 45-caliber 41-centimeter guns in five twin-gun turrets, two fore and three aft of the superstructure. This gun fired a shell at a muzzle velocity of . The secondary battery consisted of 16 single 50-caliber 14-centimeter guns was mounted in casemates in the superstructure. The manually operated guns had a maximum range of at an elevation of +35° and fired at a rate up to 10 rounds per minute. The ships' anti-aircraft defenses consisted of four single 45-caliber 12-centimeter 10th Year Type anti-aircraft guns mounted around the single funnel. Each of these guns had a maximum elevation of +75° and a maximum rate of fire of 10–11 rounds per minute. They could fire a projectile with a muzzle velocity of to a maximum height of . The "Kii" class was also fitted with eight above-water torpedo tubes, four on each broadside.
The ships would have been protected by a waterline belt of armor thick, sloped 15° outwards at the top to increase its ability to resist penetration at short range. The belt armor was designed to be able to defeat shells from a distance of . The main battery turrets and barbettes would have had between of armor plating, and the conning tower would have had been protected by armor thick. The decks would have been thick. The "Kii"-class battleships would have had a torpedo bulkhead thick, which connected at the top to a splinter deck beneath the main deck.
Construction.
Two ships were ordered on 12 October 1921, and two more were ordered later that year. "Kii" was allocated to Kure Naval Arsenal, Kure, with a projected completion date of November 1923, and "Owari" was allocated to the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, Yokosuka, with completion in September. Two more unnamed ships, Numbers 11 and 12, were assigned to Kawasaki in Kobe and Mitsubishi in Nagasaki, respectively. The ships' keel laying was stopped on 5 February because the terms of the Washington Naval Treaty that forbade the construction of all battleships over . Numbers 11 and 12 were formally canceled on 19 November 1923; "Kii" and "Owari" followed on 14 April 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="9692331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692331" title="José Cesário de Faria Alvim">
José Cesário de Faria Alvim

José Cesário de Faria Alvim was a Brazilian Governor of Minas Gerais.

</doc>
<doc id="9692357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692357" title="José J. de Sá Freire Alvim">
José J. de Sá Freire Alvim

José J. de Sá Freire Alvim (1909–1981) was a Brazilian mayor of the Distrito Federal of Rio de Janeiro from 1958 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="9692362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692362" title="Paulo de Tarso Alvim">
Paulo de Tarso Alvim

Paulo de Tarso Alvim (1919 - 18 February 2011) was a Brazilian recipient of the Order of Scientific Merit in Biology.

</doc>
<doc id="9692391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692391" title="Tony Horne">
Tony Horne

Antonio Tremaine Horne (born March 21, 1976) is a former professional football player in the National Football League (NFL). Undrafted as a walk on, he played the 1998, 1999, and 2000 seasons with the St. Louis Rams, where he was primarily used as a wide receiver and kickoff returner. In 1998, he finished sixth in the NFL with 1306 yards on kick returns, adding 892 yards in 1999, and 1379 in 11 games in 2000, when he again finished sixth in the league. Horne works as a strength and speed coach at D1 Sports Training in Greenville. He attended Richmond Senior High in Rockingham, North Carolina, where he was a quarterback and a wide receiver in college at the Clemson University. In 2001 he signed on as a free agent with the Kansas City Chiefs before suffering a knee injury during that preseason that ended his pro career.

</doc>
<doc id="9692395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692395" title="2C-T-17">
2C-T-17

2C-T-17 or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-secbutylthio)phenethylamine is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family. It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)".
Chemistry.
2C-T-17 is the 2 carbon homologue of Aleph-17, which has never been synthesized. The full chemical name is 2-thio)-2,5-dimethoxy phenylethanamine. The drug has structural properties similar to drugs in the 2C-T series, with the most closely related compounds being 2C-T-7 and 2C-T-8.
General information.
The dosage range of 2C-T-17 is typically 60-100 mg and its duration is approximately 10–15 hours according to Shulgin. 2C-T-17 has highly psychedelic effects on thinking, but produces few to no visuals.
Pharmacology.
The mechanism that produces 2C-T-17's hallucinogenic and entheogenic effects has not been specifically established, however it is most likely to result from action as a 5-HT2A serotonin receptor agonist in the brain, a mechanism of action shared by all of the hallucinogenic tryptamines and phenethylamines for which the mechanism of action is known.
Dangers.
The toxicity of 2C-T-17 is not well documented. 2C-T-17 is much less potent than 2C-T-7, but it may be expected that at very high doses it would display similar toxicity to that of other phenethylamines of the 2C-T family. Other phenethylamine derivatives substituted with an alkylthio group at the 4 position such as 2C-T-7 and 4-MTA are known to act as selective monoamine oxidase A inhibitors, a side effect which can lead to lethal serotonin syndrome when they are combined with stimulant drugs. Most confirmed fatalities involving 2C-T drugs involve their combination with other drugs such as alcohol, ecstasy or cocaine.
Legality.
2C-T-17 is not illegal, but possession and sales of 2C-T-17 could be prosecuted under the Federal Analog Act because of its structural similarities to 2C-T-7.

</doc>
<doc id="9692406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692406" title="Alvim, Sarpsborg">
Alvim, Sarpsborg

Alvim is a village of Sarpsborg, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="9692414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692414" title="Hellenic Cycling Federation">
Hellenic Cycling Federation

The Hellenic Cycling Federation or HCF () is the national governing body of cycle racing in Greece.
The first governing body for cycling Greece, the Greek Cycling Federation (POE) was formed in 1937. It merged into the Hellenic Association of Amateur Athletics after the Second World War. Later, cycling was once again moved to a dedicated organisation, the Hellenic Cycling Federation.
The Federation is based in Athens at the National Velodrome. It is a member of the UCI, the UEC, and the Hellenic Olympic Committee (HOC).
Mountain biking was recognised by the EOP in 1996, when it became an Olympic sport.

</doc>
<doc id="9692422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692422" title="James Jenkins">
James Jenkins

James Jenkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9692425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692425" title="Mexazolam">
Mexazolam

Mexazolam (marketed under the trade names Melex and Sedoxil) is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. Mexazolam has been trialed for anxiety and was found to be effective in alleviating anxiety at one week follow-up, however, after three weeks of therapy mexazolam had lost its therapeutic anxiolytic properties becoming no more effective than placebo, presumably due to benzodiazepine tolerance. Mexazolam is metabolised via the CYP3A4 pathway. HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors including simvastatin, simvastatin acid, lovastatin, fluvastatin, atorvastatin and cerivastatin inhibit the metabolism of mexazolam, but not the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor pravastatin.

</doc>
<doc id="9692437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692437" title="German submarine U-35">
German submarine U-35

U-35 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="9692451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692451" title="Artur Alvim (district of São Paulo)">
Artur Alvim (district of São Paulo)

Artur Alvim is a district in the subprefecture of Penha in the city of São Paulo, placed in the eastern suburban area of the city. It constitutes in a medium-low income neighbourhood, with a mixed space occupied by residences and local commerce. It is served by the Artur Alvim station of the São Paulo metro.

</doc>
<doc id="9692464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692464" title="Dafydd Llwyd ap Llywelyn ap Gruffudd (Dafydd Llwyd o Fathafarn)">
Dafydd Llwyd ap Llywelyn ap Gruffudd (Dafydd Llwyd o Fathafarn)

Dafydd Llwyd ap Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, usually referred to as Dafydd Llwyd o Fathafarn (fl. c.1400–c.1490 was a Welsh language poet, a native of Mathafarn, Powys.
The bulk of Dafydd Llwyd's surviving poetry is characterised by his hopes and aspirations for a Mab Darogan (‘Son of Prophecy’) who would throw off the yoke of English rule and realise the restoration of an independent Wales. He was recognised as the leading authority on the prophetic lore and traditional history of Wales and was widely consulted. Like other prophetic poets of his period, Dafydd attached his hopes initially on Jasper Tudor, Earl of Pembroke, and then on his nephew Henry Tudor. Following his success at the Battle of Bosworth Dafydd composed poems in praise of Henry, his son Arthur and to Sir Rhys ap Thomas, their leading Welsh supporter and advisor.
He also composed a number of erotic poems, notably a poetic disputation with the female erotic poet Gwerful Mechain, as well as religious and secular praise poems.

</doc>
<doc id="9692488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692488" title="Mr. Lonely">
Mr. Lonely

"Mr. Lonely" is a song co-written and recorded by Bobby Vinton. The song featured originally as part of Vinton's album "Roses Are Red" during 1962. Later that year, Buddy Greco recorded a version of the song using a very similar musical arrangement as Vinton's version. Greco's single release scored #64 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart during November 1962. Vinton's recording was included on his "Greatest Hits" album during 1964 autumn and concurrently issued as a single, scoring #1 on the "Billboard" chart during December of that year.
The song describes a soldier who is sent overseas and has no communication with his home; the singer laments his condition and wishes for someone to talk with. The single of Vinton's recording was released just as the Vietnam War was escalating; many soldiers were experiencing a similar situation, which may have increased the song's popularity. During 1966, Vinton and Gene Allan re-teamed to compose a sequel song, "Coming Home Soldier", which scored #11 on the "Billboard" chart.
During 1967, former Yugoslav beat band Zlatni Dečaci recorded a Serbian language cover version of the song, entitled "Sam". Philippine singer Victor Wood made a bilingual version of the song, alternating the original lyrics with Filipino ones. This particular cover version became popular in the Philippines and gave some fame to the entertainer. In 2005, Senegalese-American R&B singer Akon borrowed and sampled lyrics from this song for his 2005 hit single "Lonely", which features on his debut studio album "Trouble". This song uses a sped-up sample of the earlier song.

</doc>
<doc id="9692492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692492" title="Benin Cup">
Benin Cup

The Benin Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Beninese football. It was created in 1974.
Winners.
"No Cup between 1975 and 1977" 

</doc>
<doc id="9692543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692543" title="Caribbean Free Trade Association">
Caribbean Free Trade Association

The Caribbean Free Trade Association (CARIFTA) was organised to provide a continued economic linkage between the English-speaking countries of the Caribbean following the dissolution of the West Indies Federation which lasted from January 3, 1958 to May 31, 1962.
History.
The origins of CARIFTA lay in a meeting on July 4, 1965 between the Prime Ministers of Barbados and British Guiana (Errol Barrow and Forbes Burnham respectively) to discuss the possibility of establishing a free trade area between the two territories, which at the time were moving towards independence from the United Kingdom. The discussions revolved around establish a free trade area between only those two countries initially and then extending it to the rest of the Caribbean when the other countries in the Commonwealth Caribbean were ready to join. 
These bilateral discussions between Barrow and Burnham were later expanded to include V. C. Bird of Antigua and the three leaders ultimately signed the initial CARIFTA Agreement (the Agreement of Dickenson Bay in Antigua) on December 15, 1965. The original date envisioned for the Caribbean Free Trade Area to come into existence, according the Dickenson Bay Agreement, was May 15, 1967. However as a result of shuttle diplomacy engaged by Dr. Eric Williams, Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago, (through one of his minister, Kamaluddin Mohammed) this was postponed as in order to allow Trinidad and Tobago to be included in the agreement and to generally make the agreement region-wide from the beginning. Dr. Williams had for years been advocating the establishment of a Caribbean Economic Community and was now fearful that Barbados, Antigua and Guyana were planning to form a free trade area between themselves to the exclusion of Trinidad and Tobago. As a result of this a supplementary agreement to the original Carifta Agreement was signed in Georgetown, Guyana on March 15, 1968, and in St John’s, Antigua on March 18, 1968 with Carifta Day set for May 1, 1968.
The new CARIFTA agreement came into effect on May 1, 1968, with the participation of Antigua, Barbados, Trinidad and Tobago and Guyana. The original idea to permit all territories in the region to participate in the Association was achieved a few months later with the entry of Dominica, Grenada, St. Kitts/Nevis/Anguilla, Saint Lucia and St. Vincent in July and of Jamaica and Montserrat on August 1, 1968. British Honduras (Belize) became a member in May 1971.
Function.
The Caribbean Free Trade Association was created to try to boost relations between the various Caribbean islands. One of the reasons of the formation of the CARIFTA was to increase the quota and variety of goods able to be sold. Specifically, CARIFTA was intended to encourage balanced development of the Region by the following: 
In addition to providing for free trade, the Agreement sought the following: 
Although CARIFTA itself was limited to trade in goods, it freed approximately 90% of intra-regional trade in manufactured goods (and instituted managed intra-regional trade in some agricultural products. 
Transformation and Legacy.
In 1973, CARIFTA became superseded by the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) following a decision, at the Seventh Heads of Government Conference in October 1972, to transform CARIFTA into a Common Market and establish the Caribbean Community of which the Common Market would be an integral part. The Treaty of Chaguaramas declared that CARIFTA would cease to exist on 1 May 1974 when the remaining CARIFTA members all acceded to CARICOM.
The regional co-operation under the CARIFTA agreement also led to the foundation of several common institutions. The Commonwealth Caribbean Regional Secretariat was set up in Georgetown (Guyana) and the Caribbean Development Bank was established in Bridgetown, Barbados. 
One of the legacies of CARIFTA is an international youth athletics event for junior athletes from the member states started in 1972 by the association and inaugurated (and thought up) by Austin Sealy (then president of the Amateur Athletic Association of Barbados) to mark the transition from CARIFTA to CARICOM called the CARIFTA Games. In 1985, a similar set of games, The CARIFTA Aquatics Championships, started.
Membership.
In 1965, on December 15, the CARIFTA was founded by 3 countries:
The following countries joined the agreement: 
In the 1970s, around the time CARIFTA was being transformed into CARICOM the following countries were granted Liaison Status/Observer Status in the Association: 

</doc>
<doc id="9692552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692552" title="East Caribbean Common Market">
East Caribbean Common Market

The East Caribbean Common Market (ECCM) was established by Dominica, Grenada, Montserrat, and St. Lucia in 1968. It was joined by St. Vincent (1979), St. Kitts and Nevis (1980) and Antigua and Barbuda (1981).
The ECCM was replaced by the Caribbean Common Market (CARICOM).

</doc>
<doc id="9692597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692597" title="Supreme Council of Crimea">
Supreme Council of Crimea

The Supreme Council of Crimea is the parliament of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. On 15 March 2014 Ukrainian parliament dissolved the Supreme Council of Crimea
Crimea is a territory currently under dispute by Russia and Ukraine. The parliament is referred to as Supreme Council of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea (sometimes translated as Verkhovna Rada of Crimea or as Supreme Rada of Crimea) (; ; ) while in Russian context it is referred to as State Council of the Republic of Crimea (, , ). The Parliament is housed in the Parliament building in the center of Simferopol.
During the period of time in which Crimea was controlled by Ukraine, the Parliament was unable to appoint the Prime Minister of Crimea on its own, being able to appoint him only with the advice and consent of the President of Ukraine. This restriction did not sit well with the Parliament and its constituents, creating a long standing rift between them and the national government of Ukraine.
As the Crimean crisis unfolded, the Parliament building was seized by unidentified pro-Russian gunmen. Under their control, the Parliament removed the incumbent Ukrainian-consented Prime Minister of Crimea and unilaterally appointed Sergey Aksyonov in his stead. The disbandment was also caused by the belief that the Crimean Parliament collaborated with Russian troops in the region against Ukrainian authorities. Days later, the Crimean Parliament reunified its territorial jurisdiction with the city of Sevastopol into a single united nation and unilaterally declared their independence from Ukraine following a referendum that reflected such desire. This newly formed nation then acceded to Russia which ultimately transferred the Crimean Parliament under a newly formed federal subject of Russia.
However, Ukraine and the majority of the international community do not recognize the formation of this newly formed federal subject and continue to consider the Crimean Parliament as an entity under Ukraine's jurisdiction, even after it disbanded it.
History.
1998 to 2014.
The Supreme Council of Crimea is regulated according to a legislation passed by the Ukrainian parliament on 10 February 1998. The parliament lacks the right of initiative but is authorized to fix its own election date under the Crimean constitution.
The way Council members are elected has been changed several times. Since the 1998 elections, a majoritarian system has been introduced that does not ensure the proper proportional representation of Crimean minorities in the Council, especially that of Crimean Tatars.
In the wake of the Crimean crisis.
On 27 February 2014, during the 2014 Crimean crisis, Refat Chubarov, leader of Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People and member of the Council of Ministers of Crimea, said that unknown gunmen seized the Building of the Supreme Council of Crimea on Karl Marx Street and the building of the Council of Ministers on Kirov Avenue in Simferopol.
Fifty gunmen occupied the building of the Crimean legislature, barricaded the building and installed machine guns at the front entrance. Roman Sohn from the EUobserver wrote that, "gunmen let in Speaker of the Parliament and the members of the presidium of the Crimean legislature, while denying entry to officials of its executive office."
The Council then proceeded to hold an emergency session and passed a motion of no confidence in the Council of Ministers and adopted a resolution to terminate its powers. Such session, however, was described as being, "under siege and in violation of all due process" by Roman Sohn from the EUobserver. The parliament dismissed the Chairman and Prime Minister of Crimea, Anatolii Mohyliov, pursuant to Article 136 of the Constitution of Ukraine, and replaced him "de facto" with Sergey Aksyonov, a local businessman. This act has sparked some debate in the international community, as the Constitution of Ukraine establishes that the Council can only appoint the Prime Minister in consultation with the President of Ukraine. The contention strives on disagreements on who is the actual legitimate President of Ukraine, with the newly installed government in Ukraine considering the newly installed Oleksandr Turchynov as the incumbent Acting President, while the Council considers Turchynov's appointment as illegitimate.
The Council then voted to hold a referendum on the independence of Crimea on 25 May 2014. Olha Sulnikova, head of information and analysis department of parliament, reported on the phone from inside the parliamentary building that 61 of the registered 64 deputies had voted for the referendum resolution and 55 for the resolution to dismiss the government. According to another source three members of all the 64 members of the supreme council could not vote for the Crimean referendum as their voting cards did not work in the system.
Interfax-Ukraine reported "it is impossible to find out whether all the 64 members of the 100-member legislature who were registered as present, when the two decisions were voted on or whether someone else used the plastic voting cards of some of them" because due to the armed occupation of parliament it was unclear how many members of parliament were present. The Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten suggested in an article from the 9th of March, that 36 members had been present at the voting procedure. 
Enver Abduraimov, member of the parliament presidium, said that he did not go inside when he saw that raiders who secured the building were confiscating all communications devices from deputies. Andriy Krysko, head of the Crimean branch of the Voters Committee of Ukraine, announced that no one from the parliament secretariat was in the building when voting took place.
Vladimir Konstantinov, Chairman of the Supreme Council of Crimea, and the new "de facto" Prime Minister, Sergey Aksyonov, announced that they refused to recognize the dismissal of Viktor Yanukovych as President of Ukraine, and viewed him as legitimate. Aksyonov added "we will follow his directions".
On 1 March 2014, the Acting President of Ukraine, Oleksandr Turchynov, signed a decree declaring the appointment of Sergei Aksyonov unconstitutional.
On 15 March 2014, Ukraine's Verkhovna Rada dissolved the Supreme Council of Crimea. A total of 278 MPs, out of 296 registered for the meeting on Saturday, voted for the relevant decree.
Powers and authorities.
The Council has the power to solve any and all matters under the Constitution of Ukraine, the Constitution of Crimea, and Ukrainian laws within the terms of reference of the Autonomous Republic, except those that are required to be solved by a local referendum, or by the Council of Ministers of Crimea and other executive bodies of the republic.
The Council's specific powers are as follows:
The Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall also exercise any and all other powers as may be conferred upon it by the Constitution of Ukraine and Ukrainian laws, as well as those conferred upon it by the Constitution of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the statutory acts of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
Internal Procedure.
The Council is also governed by its own internal rules, adopted on 30 June 1998 and subsequently amended.
All legal acts of the Council must be published and promulgated in Ukrainian, Russian, and Crimean Tatar. Common and every day work must be written in Russian, while correspondence to Ukraine must be written in the state language selected by Ukraine. Legal drafts and other acts may be submitted in Russian, Ukrainian, or Crimean Tatar but the Secretary must then translate them into the language required by its respective proceeding.
All sessions, including those of its Presidium and committees, must be transparent and open to the general public, except those restricted by other laws and regulations. The Council may, however, choose to conduct its business confidentially if and only if a majority of the members of the total composition of the body vote to do so in such manner.
At the first plenary session of the Council, the Chief Electoral Officer of Crimea orders members of parliament to form factions and coalitions. The formation of parliamentary factions and coalitions is conducted in accordance with the Ukrainian law that regulate the procedure specifically for Crimea.
Plenary sessions are conducted if and only if attended by more than half of the deputies of the total composition of the Council.
Voting can be conducted openly, by roll-call, or in secret by using an electronic voting system or ballots.
Membership.
The Constitution of Crimea establishes that in order to aspire to be a member of the Council one must:
No individual with a record of deliberate crime, if no such criminal record has been quashed and expunged in accordance with the procedure established by law, shall be elected member of the Council.
Elections for the Council are held every five years with the last election held in October 2010. The next election was scheduled for somewhen in 2014 but its current status is unknown due to the ongoing Crimean crisis.
Members are elected for a five-years term.
Members of parliament are characterized into two main groups: those elected to represent a single-member district on first-past-the-post and those elected to represent multiseat districts on single non-transferable vote. For this purpose, Crimea is divided into 50 districts all with a similar size in terms of population. The other 50 represent multiseat districts. Both groups serve alongside each other with equal rights and powers.
Factions.
Factions are a form of association of members of parliament legally recognized by the Council. They are formed on the basis of personal written statements of deputies elected in multi-member constituencies and single-mandate majoritarian constituencies for elections of deputies of the Council from Republican organizations of political parties.
Officers.
The Council is presided by a Presidium composed by the Chairman, a First Deputy Chairman, and a Deputy Chairman as "ex-officio" members.
Presidium.
The Presidium of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be formed for purposes of coordination of the business of the bodies of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, assistance to the members of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea with execution of their duties, preparation of sessions and exercise of other powers.
The Presidium of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be composed, ex officio, of the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the first vice-chairman and vice-chairman, together with the chairmen of the standing committees of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The Presidium of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be headed by the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The proceedings of the Presidium of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be determined under the Constitution of Ukraine, Ukrainian laws, the Constitution of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the Regulations of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and other statutory acts of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
Chairman.
The Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall, at its first session, elect, by secret ballot and from among its members, the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall represent the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea before the President of Ukraine, the Supreme Rada of Ukraine, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, Ukraine's central and local public authorities, the bodies of local self-government, enterprises, establishments and organisations, citizens and citizens' associations; the functionaries and bodies of other states, their regions, citizens' associations, establishments and organisations; before any and all international organisations; and the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall manage the activity of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall:
Any and all other powers and the proceedings of the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, as well as those of the first vice-chairman and the vice-chairman, shall be determined pursuant to the Constitution of Ukraine, Ukrainian laws, the Constitution of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the Regulations of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be accountable and responsible to the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. The Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea may be dismissed by the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, if more than a half of the total membership of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea have voted in favour of such dismissal.
The procedure of early dismissal of the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be determined by Ukrainian laws, the Constitution of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the Regulations of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall hold office until the opening of the first session of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea of a new convocation, except cases of early termination of powers of the Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
The Chairman of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea may from time to time make prescriptions within the limits of his authority.
First Deputy Chairman.
First Deputy Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in accordance with the order of the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea on the distribution of responsibilities: assists the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in the organization of work for the preparation, adoption and implementing regulations, decisions and other acts of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea, making its Bureau, preparation consideration of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea questions about reports of permanent and temporary commissions of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, Executives bodies formed, elected and formed the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; submit proposals to the agenda of the meetings of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea and its Bureau for reference; reviews and approves draft resolutions, decisions and other acts of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea for reference; considers official documents submitted to the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea, on management, signs of resolution to them, gives orders.
organize the supervision of execution of judgments, decisions and official commissions of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, decisions and orders of its Bureau, as well as official documents for reference; arrange for the preparation and holding of meetings and other events Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and its organs on reference; organizes the interaction of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic The Council of Ministers of Crimea Autonomous Republic of Crimea, software control of its activity; coordinates the work of the standing committees supervised by the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea; coordinates the monitoring of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the activities of the Accounts Chamber of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea; organizes interaction and control of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic Crimea for activities Ministries and Republican Committee of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, other bodies executive authorities Autonomous Republic Crimea, bodies executive with a special status on the management supervised them standing committees Verkhovna Rada Republic of Crimea; provides organizational support for interregional relations, meetings with officials, representatives, delegations regions of other states, citizens' associations, institutions and organizations; organizes work on issues related to property management belongs to the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; replaces the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in his absence; exercise other powers in accordance with the regulations acts of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the decisions of its Presidium, orders and orders of the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
Deputy Chairman.
Deputy Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in accordance with the order of the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea on the distribution of responsibilities: assists the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in the organization of work for the preparation, adoption and implementing regulations, decisions and other acts of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea, making its Bureau, preparation consideration of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea questions about reports of permanent and temporary commissions of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, Executives bodies formed, elected and formed the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; submit proposals to the agenda of the meetings of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea and its Bureau for reference; reviews and approves draft resolutions, decisions and other acts of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea for reference; considers official documents submitted to the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea, on management, signs of resolution to them, gives orders; organize the supervision of execution of judgments, decisions and official commissions of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, decisions and orders of its Bureau, as well as official documents for reference; arrange for the preparation and holding of meetings and other events Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and its organs on reference; coordinates the work of the standing committees supervised by the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea; organizes interaction and control of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic Crimea for activities Ministries and Republican Committee of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, other bodies executive authorities Autonomous Republic Crimea, bodies executive with a special status on the management supervised them permanent commissions of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; organizes cooperation with local authorities, rayon state administrations; organizes accommodation, mode of fire protection and security access control in a building of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; provides interaction with citizens' associations, including Republican in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea political offices parties, and the media; competition commission headed by the Secretariat of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea and oversees the certification of civil servants of the Secretariat of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; the Presidency of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea draft decisions on the removal of documents from the control; replaces the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in his absence and the absence of the First Deputy Chairman Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea; exercise other powers in accordance with the regulations acts of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the decisions of its Presidium, orders and orders of the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
Secretary.
Secretariat session of the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea: a) registers parliamentary inquiries, inquiries, reports, statements, proposals and other materials to the Verkhovna Rada; organize the work necessary to ensure deputies materials and information; c) provide explanations on the work of the deputies of the Verkhovna Rada Autonomous Republic of Crimea is in session; g) organize the work with appeals coming to the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea during the session. 2. Secretariat session may involve the work of experts, consultants. At the initiative of the chairman of the secretariat session (in his absence - Deputy Chairman or Secretary of the session) it provided information on the word for the evening session after the break.
Committees.
The standing and interim committees of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall be the bodies of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea elected from among the members of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea for purposes of study, preliminary consideration and preparation of matters coming within its terms of reference, and also to exercise the control over the implementation of statements and resolutions of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
2. The powers and proceedings of the standing and interim committees shall be determined by the Regulations of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the statutory acts of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. 3. With a view to exercising the control over the observance of the Ukrainian privatisation laws, the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall form the Watchdog Committee of the Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea for Privatisation.
4. The Supreme Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea shall, upon any and all matters coming within its terms of reference, establish other bodies and determine their organisational structure, powers and proceedings.
The current committees are:
Current composition.
Current factions.
On 31 October 2010 six factions were formed at the opening session of the new parliament formed after the 2010 Crimean parliamentary election. The current seats occupied by each faction are as follows:
The Party of regions has announced, that is supports the unity of Ukraine. Its office in the Crimea has been blocked and the Party of Regions web page does not work any more.
Deputies.
The current members of parliament were elected in the parliamentary election of 2010 as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9692602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692602" title="Robert Taplett">
Robert Taplett

Robert Donald Taplett (December 10, 1918 – December 17, 2004) was a highly decorated United States Marine who was most notable for commanding 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir during the Korean War for which he was awarded the Navy Cross — the second highest medal for valor in the United States Armed Forces.
Taplett served with distinction in the Marine Corps for 20 years. He served aboard ship in the Pacific Theater during World War II. During the Korean War, he served as commander of 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines. After retiring from the Marine Corps, he authored a book that chronicled his experiences during the Korean War.
Biography.
Taplett was born in Tyndall, South Dakota on December 10, 1918. He attended the University of South Dakota where he joined the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. He graduated with honors in 1940. Although he was a member of the Army ROTC, he resigned his commission and joined the Marine Corps as a Second Lieutenant.
World War II.
During the attack on Pearl Harbor, Taplett was aboard the USS "Salt Lake City" which was not damaged during the assault. The "Salt Lake City" was one of only a handful of ships able to pursue the Japanese fleet. Taplett served on the ship for three years and participated in numerous campaigns in the Pacific Theater, including the Battle of the Coral Sea and the Battle of the Aleutian Islands in 1943. After the war, Taplett, now a Colonel, was assigned as the commanding officer of the Navy supply barracks first at Clearview, Utah, and subsequently at Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay and at the Naval Air Station Alameda, California.
Korean War.
Taplett was dispatched to Korea immediately after the outbreak of hostilities. He was assigned to be the commanding officer of 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and participated in numerous battles. His unit held the perimeter at Pusan and led the Inchon landing taking Wolmi-do Island(Battle of Inchon), which was the gateway to Inchon. He led the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines through the gates of Seoul to liberate the South Korean State House.
During the Battle of the Chosin Reservoir, Taplett distinguished himself. From November 27, to December 10, 1950, he supported the strategic fall back of United States forces who were outnumbered by Chinese forces nearly 5 to 1. Despite the severe cold and harsh weather which was inflicted on him and his men, they fought desperately to clear the road which allowed for escape from the reservoir. Of the roughly 1,300 men in his unit who began the fight, only 326 able bodied Marines were left. For his leadership during the battle, Taplett was awarded the Navy Cross.
After the war.
After the Korean War, he became the academic director of The Basic School at Marine Corps Base Quantico in 1951 and 1952. In 1957 through 1959, he was based in Marine Corps Base Hawaii, although most of his time was spent training troops in Okinawa and the Philippines. Taplett was also a guest lecturer to various military units throughout the country speaking on the importance of close air support for ground troops. He retired from the Marine Corps in 1960, citing his displeasure with not being able to work directly with his troops and his military pay, which was not enough to support six children.
In retirement.
After retiring from the Marine Corps, Taplett and his family moved to Arlington, Virginia where he spent the rest of his life. He earned his Masters degree for George Washington University in 1974. He joined the U.S. Postal Service and fully retired in 1993. He went back to visit Korea twice and eventually wrote a book, "Darkhorse Six" (2003), which chronicled his experiences in Korea.
He and wife Patricia Kingston Taplett had six children: Claire Ross Taplett, Robert Howard Taplett, Christine Kingston Taplett, Marty Kingston Taplett, Martin Ross Taplett, and Margot Barbara Taplett. He had nine grandchildren: Amanda Kingston Taplett, John Cawley Taplett, Lydia Ross Taplett, Mary Breen Taplett, Lindsey Marie Sallada, Liane Ross Sallada, Robert Matthew Sallada, Robert Ian Taplett, and Sean Robert Taplett.
Colonel Robert Taplett died on December 17, 2004 of congestive heart failure and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors.

</doc>
<doc id="9692610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692610" title="Comoros Cup">
Comoros Cup

The Comoros Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Comoros football. It was created in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="9692628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692628" title="David Rowe">
David Rowe

David or Dave Rowe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9692646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692646" title="Fifield">
Fifield

Fifield is the surname of the following people:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9692652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692652" title="Bluebell Morning">
Bluebell Morning

Bluebell Morning is an EP by Ooberman, released in May 2002 on the band's own Rotodisc label. The title track and "SnakeDance" were reworked and featured on the band's 2003 album "Hey Petrunko".

</doc>
<doc id="9692701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692701" title="Burundian Cup">
Burundian Cup

The Burundian Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Burundian football.

</doc>
<doc id="9692702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692702" title="Wanda Young">
Wanda Young

Wanda Young (born August 9, 1943) is an American singer, famous for being a member and co-lead singer of the popular Motown all-female singing group The Marvelettes.
Biography.
Wanda was born and raised in the western Detroit suburb of Inkster, Michigan. Originally aspiring to be a nurse, Young's professional music career started after fellow Inkster High School classmate Gladys Horton asked her to audition for a spot left by original Marvels member Georgia Dobbins. After a successful audition, Young joined the group and the quintet, which had auditioned for a deal with Motown earlier, returned with a song written by Dobbins titled "Please Mr. Postman". Impressed with the group's sound, they were immediately signed and had their name changed to The Marvelettes and after the song was remastered, the song was released and became Motown's first #1 Pop single in late 1961 - it also held the top slot for seven weeks on "Billboard"'s R&B chart. Young sang lead on the b-side of the single on a ballad titled "So Long, Baby".
While Wanda did occasionally sing leads on Marvelettes' album cuts, Gladys was the main vocalist of the group for singles. Wanda, however, did sing co-lead on Marvelettes' songs, including singles "Locking Up My Heart" and "Too Many Fish in the Sea". In 1964, she sang her first (solo) lead on a Marvelettes' single, "You're My Remedy", which didn't translate successfully to sales or charts figures. The first hit single to feature her on lead was the dance hit, "I'll Keep Holding On". From then on until the Marvelettes' departure, Young would be the main lead vocalist of the group. She went on to sing lead on several classics such as "Don't Mess with Bill" - a million-selling Gold 45 - "The Hunter Gets Captured by the Game", "When You're Young and in Love" and "My Baby Must Be a Magician". On December 18, 1963, she married her longtime boyfriend Bobby Rogers, a member of The Miracles, in Detroit and became known professionally as Wanda Rogers. The Marvelettes' hit making days had waned by the end of the 1960s and in 1972 the group disbanded. In 1970, Wanda recorded a solo album with Smokey Robinson serving as her producer. Sensing marketing value as a Marvelettes release, Motown released the album as "The Return of the Marvelettes". The album flopped and Wanda Young left the label in 1972 when the Motown label relocated from Detroit to Los Angeles. Wanda and Bobby were divorced in 1975 after 12 years of marriage.
In 1963, The Beatles recorded "Please Mr. Postman" on their second studio album "With the Beatles".
In 1975, the Carpenters remake of "Please Mr. Postman" hit #1 around the world and was one of a dozen million-selling Gold-certified singles for the duo in the United States. It was also the second song to ever hit #1 by two different artists.
Wanda was involved with many years of substance abuse and alcoholism following the Marvelettes' departure, largely due to witnessing the shooting death of her sister at the Young family's Inkster residence. She re-emerged in the late 1980s after accepting an offer from Motorcity Records' Ian Levine to record new songs and revised versions of her classics with the Marvelettes. She made a brief return to performing in the early 1990s but without Marvelettes members Gladys Horton and Katherine Anderson. Katherine retired from show business after the Marvelettes' breakup though both Horton and Young collaborated on a Marvelettes recording for Motorcity Records. Young wasn't featured on the album cover although Horton was.
Wanda is now in her 70s. As of 2014, she lives with her daughter in the Detroit suburb of Westland, Michigan. Her divorce from Bobby Rogers was finalized in 1975 - although they had been separated for some time. He passed away in 2013. Wanda attended his memorial service.
In 2002, Kanye West sampled Young's version of The Miracles' "After All" for Jay-Z's rap duet, "Poppin' Tags" from "" album, which featured Killer Mike, Big Boi and Twista.
The Marvelettes were nominated for induction into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9692723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692723" title="Golden West Invitational">
Golden West Invitational

The Golden West Invitational (GWI) high school track & field all-star meet brings together top high school athletes from throughout the country and provides them with the very highest levels of competition. The GWI made its debut in 1960 and is held in the Sacramento, CA area in June each year. 
Past participants have represented the United States in every Olympic Games since 1964 and have filled more than 150 positions on the American Olympic Track & Field teams. They have won more than 75 medals, 40 of them gold. An additional nine GWI athletes represented their native countries of France, Ireland, Japan, Trinidad/Tobago, Fiji, Jamaica and Cape Verde Islands.
GWI alums include the following track & field legends: 
James Beckford,
Marion Jones
Recent Olympic medalists who participated at the GWI meet include:
Future NFL football stars who participated at the GWI meet include:

</doc>
<doc id="9692726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692726" title="Anna Gordon Keown">
Anna Gordon Keown

Anna Gordon Keown (1899–1957) was an English author and poet.
She married writer and physician Dr Philip Gosse (1879–1959), son of the esteemed Edmund Gosse. When she died, her husband presented a large collection of literature to the University of Leeds in her memory, known as the Keown Collection (which is within the larger Brotherton Collection).
Among her works, perhaps the most famous is her book "The Cat who saw God" (1932), a comic drama about a cat who is possessed by the Roman Emperor Nero who decides to settle down with an old English spinster. In the week beginning November 14, 1932, TIME listed it as one of their "Books of the Week", noting it as "amusing in the English manner.".
Another of her best-known works is a sonnet she wrote in her youth during World War I. Entitled "Reported Missing", it is studied to this day in British schools as part of the OCR GCSE English literature syllabus.

</doc>
<doc id="9692739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692739" title="Shonagh Daly">
Shonagh Daly

Shonagh Daly (b. 1980, Castletroy, Co. Limerick) is an Irish singer and musical performer
Performances.
'Discovered' by Andrew Lloyd Webber, Shonagh sang at the inaugural gala for George W. Bush on 18 January 2001 which was also attended by Tony Blair
She went on to perform at the first Ground Zero memorial concert (at the request of Rudolph Giuliani). 
Shonagh sang again for various heads of state and other luminaries in November 2003 in London where her audience included the Queen, Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince of Wales, Laura Bush, Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice.
Following an appearance on "The Late Late Show" in 2003 in a comedy sketch as Michael Jackson she has since gone on to record an album and appear in a number of West End theatre productions including "Les Misérables" and "The Beautiful Game" in both London and Cork.
She also appeared at Andrew Lloyd Webber's Birthday in the Park and sang Buenos Aires from the musical Evita.

</doc>
<doc id="9692750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692750" title="Knox Martin">
Knox Martin

Knox Martin (born February 12, 1923) is an American painter, sculptor and muralist. 
Born in Barranquilla, Colombia, he studied at the Art Students League of New York from 1946 till 1950. He is one of the leading members of the New York School of artists and writers. He lives and works in New York City.
""Art is at its cutting edge out of a specific lineage - the creation of reality. The subject matter of what I do, is creation."" - Knox Martin (1999).
Early life.
Knox Martin is the oldest son of Lieutenant William Knox Martin, a Virginia-born early aviation pioneer and flyer, and his wife Isabel Vieco, who were married in the Canal Zone in Panama in 1921. Knox Martin Sr., painter, poet, early test pilot, was the first man to fly over the Andes mountains. Six years after his marriage, Martin Sr. was fatally injured in an automobile accident in Watertown, New York.His widow Isabel relocated with her three young sons from Salem, Virginia to New York City.
Early career.
After serving in World War II, Knox Martin attended the Art Students League of New York on the G.I. Bill from 1946 to 1950, where he studied with Harry Sternberg,Vaclav Vytlacil, Will Barnet, and Morris Kantor. In 1954, Knox Martin's friend Franz Kline placed a painting of his in the Stable Gallery Annual. Charles Egan of the Charles Egan Gallery saw Knox Martin's painting at the Stable Gallery and asked Martin to show his work in a one-man show for the tenth anniversary of the Egan Gallery.
Work.
Knox Martin is best known for his repertory of signs and symbols that allude to nature and, in particular, to the female form. Flatly and freely painted in brilliant colors, his works have often been executed on a grand scale, as in the outdoor wall painting, "Woman with bicycle", at West Houston and MacDougal Streets in Manhattan. He mostly creates painting, sculpture and wall paintings using media such as acrylic, collage, fresco, ink drawing (Pen and Ink), mixed media/multimedia, and oil.
One of his wall paintings in New York City is the twelve-story mural "Venus". Painted in 1970, Venus is located on the south side of Bayview Correctional Facility at 19th Street and the West Side Highway. 
"Traditionally the goddess of love and fertility, Venus represents woman, erotic and supple, but it also conveys Knox Martin's love affair with New York. Venus is his love poem to the city where he has always lived, a place that is part of his being. The feminine, curvilinear shapes of the image are in direct contrast with the straight forms that intersect the composition. The overwhelming size of this enormous mural only intensifies the experience of female shapes, the linear aspects of the painted composition, and of the surrounding architecture. In an era when art was reaching out to the masses with pop culture, this huge mural was Knox Martin's way of touching a public that would never venture into an art gallery." (As of 2010, "Venus" remains largely hidden by an adjacent building).
Collections.
Knox Martin's work is included in the collections of Whitney Museum of American Art, Museum of Modern Art, Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Art Students League of New York, Brooklyn Museum of Art, National Academy of Design, National Arts Club, New York University, Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Montclair Art Museum, Art Institute of Chicago, Baltimore Museum of Art, Berkeley Art Museum, Boca Raton Museum of Art, Chrysler Museum of Art, Corcoran Gallery of Art, Denver Art Museum, Heckscher Museum of Art, Hofstra University Museum, Indianapolis Museum of Art, Ithaca Museum, Jack S. Blanton Museum of Art, Lowe Art Museum, Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Oklahoma City Museum of Art, Portland Art Museum, Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art, Springfield Art Museum, Toledo Museum of Art, Weatherspoon Art Museum, Wellesley College, William Benton Museum of Art, Israel Museum, Ludwig Museum in Budapest, and the Bibliothèque Nationale.
In 2002 Knox Martin was named to the National Academy of Design.
In the fall of 2010 (September 15-November 13) Knox Martin had a one-man show of his Black and White Paintings in New York City.
October 6, 2012 to April 6, 2013, Knox Martin had a solo exhibition of recent paintings, SHE, at the Sam & Adele Golden Gallery at Golden Artist Colors in New Berlin, New York.
September 13, 2013 to October 26, 2013: Knox Martin Exhibition SHE at LGTripp Gallery in Philadelphia.
Teaching.
Knox Martin gives Master Classes at the Art Students League of New York. He taught at Yale Graduate School of Art, first as visiting critic in art, invited by Jack Tworkov, and then as Professor of Art. He has also taught at New York University, the University of Minnesota, and The International School of Painting, Drawing and Sculpture in Umbria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9692757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692757" title="List of Buso Renkin characters">
List of Buso Renkin characters

The "Buso Renkin" anime and manga series features an extensive cast of characters created by Nobuhiro Watsuki. The series takes place in the fictional Ginsei City, Japan, where a boy named Koshaku Chouno is creating alchemical monsters known as homunculi. During a night, Kazuki Muto, an ordinary boy, is killed by a homunculus, while trying to save his sister, Mahiro, and Tokiko Tsumura. Feeling guilty, Tokiko, a member of the The Alchemist Army, revives him by replacing his heart with an alchemical device called kakugane. The kakugane allows its wielder to form a buso renkin, a special weapon that is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus. With his own buso renkin, Kazuki decides to join Tokiko in the fight against the homunculi. Over the course of the series, they also must to defeat the L.X.E, a group consisting of human-type homunculi, as well as Victor, an entity most powerful than the homunculi.
While developing the series, Watsuki was influenced by his previous works, mostly by "Rurouni Kenshin" from which he drew references to the main characters; Kazuki and Tokiko were conceptualized after Makimachi Misao and Himura Kenshin, respectively. Films such as "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" and "Brotherhood of the Wolf" also served as source of inspiration, as well as American comics. Reviewers called the characters generic and also criticized their designs. The main characters divided critics' opinion; Kazuki and Papillon have received both praise and criticism, while most of praise was towards Tokiko, who also was voted as the most popular character of the series by readers.
Creation and conception.
Watsuki based "Buso Renkin"s characters and fictional elements on his previous works. He conceptualized Kazuki while imagining Makimachi Misao, and Tokiko was designed as a feminized version of Himura Kenshin from "Rurouni Kenshin". From the same series, Yukishiro Enishi and Yukishiro Tomoe served as inspiration for the Hayasaka twins; Inui Banjin and Otowa Hyōko for the homunculi Kinjo and Jinnai. Shusui Hayasaka's buso renkin, "Sword Samurai X", refers to the English name of "Rurouni Kenshin". Watsuki declared that Buster Baron is a "reincarnation" of the Armor Baron from "Gun Blaze West". In addition, Victor's buso renkin is named after the "X-Men" storyline of the same name.
Watsuki has drawn many references from films. He choose the Kazuki's weapon as a lance because he watched "A Knight's Tale", and thought it was "cool". "Brotherhood of the Wolf" served as inspiration for Silver Skin, which is based on the main characters' outfit, and for Victor, which is based on a Native American. Moonface's replication hability is based in "Matrix"s Agent Smith. The name "League of Extraordinary Elects" was based on "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen". The submarine buso renkin was inspired by the "Nautilus" from the same film. The term for the human followers of the homunculi, "familiars", comes from the human disciples of the vampires in "Blade". Gekisen, the buso renkin of Genji Ikusabe was based on "Hollow Man".
Other characters.
The Alchemist Army.
Captain Bravo.
, whose real name is , is Tokiko's commanding officer. He abandons his name after not being able to save all people in the Tokiko's school. Ordered by the Alchemist Army, he tries to kill Kazuki twice, as he fails in the first attempt, but he later defends Kazuki from Sekima Hiwatari, using his buso renkin to protect both of them. His buso renkin is , an outfit that covers all his body except for his eyes and hardens into a regenerating metal when struck. Bravo is voiced by Masashi Ebara and English dubbed by Patrick Seitz.
Re-Extermination Squad.
The is a team led by Sekima Hiwatari and commissioned to kill Kazuki. The group is composed of , a Captain Bravo's former teammate whose buso renkin is a radar that also can teleport objects; , a shy girl whose buso renkin is a gas mask capable of mixing all gas type elements into poisonous or explosive mixtures; , a man whose buso renkin is a spear that heals any wound of its wielder; , an androgynous boy whose buso renkin takes the form of fire balloons whose ability, in the manga, is to shrink the person who hits it, and, in the anime, it multiply itself when destroyed; , a man whose buso renkin is a ninjatō that creates pathways to another dimension when it cuts a solid object; and , a man whose buso renkin is a pair of mechanical military dogs commanded by a flute.
L.X.E.
Doktor Butterfly.
, whose real name is is Koshaku's great-great-grandfather. He is also the non-declared leader of League of Extraordinary Elects (L.X.E.), a group of humanoid homunculi; apart from Papillon, he is the only one who can create hommunculi, but he attributes the L.X.E leadership to Victor. His knowledge of alchemy is coming from Victor, who, in exchange of teaching Bakushaku, asks to be healed. He owns , a shapechanger platinum-white colored chaff buso renkin. In its scattered form it confuses the senses of direction and distance, and its concentrated form it causes hallucinations. He is voiced by Katsumi Chō and English dubbed by David Lodge.
Moonface.
, whose real name is , is the most closest L.X.E member to Buttefly. He finds the Hayasaka twins while walking along with Buttefly and is always talking to him. He is a moon-shaped head man who possesses , a buso renkin that allows him to create up to 30 copies of himself. He is voiced by Tomokazu Seki and English dubbed by Christopher Corey Smith.
Reception.
Leigh Dragoon of Sequential Tart qualified the characters as "completely forgettable" and said they lack of personality, citing Mahiro "could be portrayed as a piece of paper". Dragoon said Kazuki "seems like a direct lift from "3x3 Eyes"s ]", and Tokiko and "Rei Ayanami without the interesting attached", respectively. Similarly, Michael Aronson from Manga Life stated "all characters fit familiar roles". Later, Aronson named the character's dialogue as the series "strongest suit", but criticized how Kazuki and Tokiko "only act as bland foils". Carl Kimlinger of Anime News Network (ANN) qualified Kazuki "a non-entity", and the remaining characters "human-shaped gags". Writing for ANN, Luke Carroll said the character designs are "a rather uninspired affair". Kimlinger said the designs are "so generic that they'd shame a dating sim". In the same vein, Carlo Santos of ANN criticized the designs, mainly the villains who "slides right down into lame", saying "who would even want to cosplay Papillon?", and comparing Moonface to a scary McDonald's campaign. The "overblown" villains "soon start to become old hat" and "irritating", according to UK Anime Network's Andy Hanley. Although praised Papillon's backhistory, Mania's Chris Beveridge criticized his design and called him "a very quirky and weird character".
Conversely, Patti Martinson wrote for Sequential Tart that the characters "are distinctive and interesting". Kazuki was said to be a "very likeable hero" by Active Anime's Holly Ellingwood, who also stated Papillon is the "most memorable" villain of the series. Carroll said Tokiko "is the best of the bunch", while Kimlinger, who praised her "an oasis of feminine strength in a genre more remarkable for its monster-bait femmes", declared it is one of few characteristics that distinguish the series from other "shōnen" fighting series. Active Anime's Sandra Scholes praised the character's illustration as well as called Kazuki and Tokiko "wonderful couple". Hanley said he only "feel a little empathy" for Kazuki an Tokiko in later episodes, while Beveridge praised Papillon taking "an amusing role" in those episodes. The supporting cast was also praised; Aronson cited there are "interesting personalities", while Beveridge said they "help it out immensely", an Kimlinger stated the they "so clearly outclassed its main character." The addition of Re-Extermination Squad was praised by Holly Ellingwood of Active Anime who called they "interesting". At the end of the series, Ellingwood praised how Watsuki did "a fabulous job of covering [...] the various characters, juggling them effectively".
In the "Buso Renkin" official popularity poll conducted by "Weekly Shōnen Jump", Tokiko was elected the most popular among the manga fanbase. Kazuki ranked second, Papillon ranked third, Bravo ranked fourth, Shusui ranked fifth, Mahiro ranked sixth, Gouta ranked seventh, Angel Gouzen ranked eight, Ouka ranked ninhth, and Moonface ranked tenth. Two of the major villains, Victor and Dr. Buttefly, ranked 15th place and 19th place, respectively.
Notes and references.
Note: The information is taken from the history itself as well as from the author's note.

</doc>
<doc id="9692767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692767" title="Charles-Édouard Lefebvre">
Charles-Édouard Lefebvre

Charles-Édouard Lefebvre (19 June 1843 – 8 September 1917) was a French composer.
Lefebvre was born in Paris and studied with Charles Gounod and Ambroise Thomas. In 1870, he was awarded the Prix de Rome together with Henri Maréchal (1842–1924) for "Le Jugement de Dieu". He was the son of painter Charles Lefebvre. After completing his studies at the Paris Conservatoire, he would become director of the conservatory's chamber music class in 1895. He died in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="9692770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692770" title="Macaguán language">
Macaguán language

Macaguán is a Guahiban language that was spoken by about 400 people in Colombia. Many of its speakers are monoglots.

</doc>
<doc id="9692772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692772" title="The Pinnacle at City Park South">
The Pinnacle at City Park South

The Pinnacle at City Park South is a pair of residential high rises in Denver, Colorado just south of City Park. The towers stand at 27 and 22 stories and are accompanied by a 7 story parking garage and a row of 22 parkhomes. The parkhomes are along the north and west sides of the garage.

</doc>
<doc id="9692779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692779" title="Starting gate">
Starting gate

A starting gate also called a starting barrier or starting stalls is a machine used to ensure a fair start to in horse racing and dog racing.
History.
Throughout the history of horse racing, there have been proposals as to how better to start a race. A commonly used starting system for horse races was devised in the mid nineteenth century by Admiral Rous, a steward of the Jockey Club and public handicapper. A starter, standing alongside the jockeys and horses, dropped his flag to signal the start. An assistant some 100 yards down the course raised a second flag to indicate false starts.
An official starter might be well paid, but his duties were very demanding. Early in the twentieth century, he was supported by perhaps a single assistant who primed the spring-barrier, as well as the clerk of the course. In the present day there are many attendants to steady runners from super-structured barrier stalls.
The first horse racing starting barriers were simple ropes or occasionally wooden barriers behind which the horses stood. The first automated design was pioneered in Australia and was first used at an official race meeting in 1894. Alexander Gray had concluded that the flapping of a starter's flag distracted the horses. An impetus for his invention was a £5 fine received by his son, Reuben, a jockey, for allowing his mount to step over the white chalk line that marked the start. His machine was first tried out at Canterbury Park Racecourse in New South Wales in February 1894. Gray's prototype consisted of a single strand of wire at about the height of the horse’s head that was attached to a spring at either end. When the device was activated the barrier sprang up and away from the horses. Gray's single-strand barrier was among those first used. Versions of barriers designed by Alexander and Reuben Gray were installed at race tracks in Australia and overseas between 1894 and about 1932. By the 1920s the single strand barrier had evolved into a spring-powered five-strand device designed by Johnstone and Gleeson, but based on Gray's prototype, that resembled a strongman’s chest expander. Barriers assured fair starts to races. Fair race starts encouraged owners to enter horses in races and punters to bet, and they contributed to changing horse racing from a social sporting event into a billion dollar industry.
The inventor of the electric starting gate for horse racing is credited to Clay Puett, who was a rider and starter at various tracks in the American West. Puett's device replaced other starting methods which often failed to produce a fair start, with extra judges employed to catch horses who got a jump on the rest of the field.
A transportable starting machine was imported from the United States to Australia in 1946. It wasn't until 1965 that starting stalls were introduced by the Jockey Club to horseracing in the United Kingdom.
Flat horse racing.
Many of Puett's actual gates are still in use today at tracks around the world, and all gates are based on his original design. A starting gate is equipped with a number of stalls aligned in a row, usually numbering 12 or 14 for everyday use at tracks. Smaller gates may be used at training facilities for schooling horses, or as an auxiliary gate in addition to the main gate for large-field races such as the Kentucky Derby.
The gates are suspended from an overhead welded steel truss, supported at each end by wheels with pneumatic tires. The entire structure is designed to be towed behind a tractor or truck, so that it can be moved about on the racetrack grounds, or towed over highways from place to place.
Horses normally enter from the rear of the stall, with gates locked behind the horse once it is in place; the front gates of the stall are normally closed as the horse is loaded in, though the starting-gate crew may open it in order to entice a horse who balks at entry. Alternately, a horse may be backed into the stall from the front entry, again done in the case of a skittish horse.
The front door of each stall is held closed by an electromagnetic lock. The stall doors are designed to give way in case a horse prematurely attempts to bolt through the front or back, in order to reduce or prevent injury to horse or rider.
When the starter is satisfied that all horses are in place and ready to start the race, he presses a button, cutting the electric current, simultaneously opening the front stall doors, ringing a loud bell, and sending a signal to the totalizator system that the race is begun and no more bets should be accepted.
Puett's gate was first used at Exhibition Park in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1939, though the management of Bay Meadows Racetrack in San Mateo, California claims that their track was the first to use Puett's gate. By the end of 1940, virtually all major race tracks in the United States used Puett gates. Clay Puett began another company, True Center Gate, in 1958 based in Phoenix, Arizona. True Center and Puett's original company (first known as Puett Electric Gate company, now as United) currently account for most starting gate installations in North America. True Center also has gates in South America, the Caribbean and Saudi Arabia.
While starting gates are standard for flat racing, steeplechase tracks frequently still use earlier forms of starting barriers.
Harness racing.
One of the reasons that harness racing was less popular than horse racing has been the reservations in gamblers’ minds about the various means of starting trotting races, particularly when bets have been lost before contests were properly under way. Before mobile starting gates gained popularity in harness racing, a rolling start was used. The horses were driven in a number of circles, and the manoeuvre, if carried out correctly, arranged the horses in lines. The fairness of the start was judged by stewards at the starting line; if they judged that a racer was not fairly in line with the others, a false start would be called and the race would start again. This process was sometimes repeated several times before a fair start occurred. In the middle 20th Century, the mobile starting gate was developed.
Most harness races now start from behind a motorized starting gate, called a "car start" or "auto start". This device consists of a car or pickup truck equipped with a hinged gate that resembles metal "wings" on each side of the vehicle. As the vehicle is driven down the center of the track, the wings are extended and the horses line up in order behind it. When the gate reaches the starting line, the starter retracts the wings, which fold inward toward the vehicle body. The vehicle then accelerates away from the horses and pulls off to the outside to let the racers proceed; it many cases, it then follows close behind the racers for officials to view the race and any potential infractions of rules. The modern starting gate uses a driver for steering the vehicle while the starter sits in the rear to concentrate on the actual horses positioning during the "score up". The starter will also observe the race and call a false start if required. 
The motorized gate drastically reduced the number of false starts, but did not eliminate them. If the starter, who rides in the vehicle facing backward toward the horses, sees that the start is not fair in some way, he may issue a recall and order the race to be started again. Today, the start speed, acceleration, score up distance, and gate closing are controlled via a computer system, which takes control of the vehicle and provides a printout at the end of the score up. 
The other kind of start to race is a standing start, where there are tapes across the track and the horses stand stationary behind the tapes before the start. This enables handicaps to be placed on horses according to class. Some European, Australian and New Zealand races start using tapes.
Dog racing.
Greyhound racing uses a device similar in nature and concept to the horse racing starting gate. The machine is usually called a starting box, owing to its use of boxes to hold the greyhounds in place. Dogs are loaded from the rear, with a small window in the front door through which the dog can see the track and the mechanical lure.
Once the lure has come around to a point a few meters behind the box, it passes a sensor which trips a switch to release the gates which swing upward to open, releasing the dogs. The opening gates start the race clock. Unlike horse racing, this action does not signal the totalizator system to end betting; that is done instead by a steward just before the lure is sent on its way.
Starting boxes normally hold eight dogs, with some holding nine.

</doc>
<doc id="9692785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692785" title="KZXY-FM">
KZXY-FM

KZXY-FM is a commercial radio station in Apple Valley, California, broadcasting to the Victor Valley, California, area on 102.3 FM.
KZXY-FM airs a hot adult contemporary music format branded as "Y-102."

</doc>
<doc id="9692831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692831" title="Coupe de Côte d'Ivoire de football">
Coupe de Côte d'Ivoire de football

The Coupe de Côte d'Ivoire de football, in English "Côte d'Ivoire Cup" or "Ivory Coast Cup", is the top knockout tournament in Ivorian football. It was created in 1960.
Winners.
Previous winners are:

</doc>
<doc id="9692866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692866" title="Josef Balabán">
Josef Balabán

Josef Balabán (5 June 1894 in Obory near Dobříš - 3 October 1941 in Prague) was a Czechoslovakian soldier known for his involvement in the resistance movement against Nazi Germany during World War II.
During World War I Balabán joined the Czechoslovak Legions in Russia. Later, he served as an artillery officer in the Czechoslovakian Army, then as a staff officer and at the Ministry of Defense (reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel). After Germany occupied the remainder of Czech lands in March 1939, Balabán started to cooperate with the resistance group Obrana národa ("Defense of the nation") that had been organized by former army officers. Beginning in the summer of 1939 he was one of the leaders of the organization. Together with Josef Mašín and Václav Morávek, Balabán was part of the group known as the Three Kings ("Tři králové"), which carried out intelligence gathering and sabotage.
The group continued in communication with Paul Thümmel (agent A-54), a Nazi intelligence officer also working as a spy for Czechoslovakia. The most visible acts of sabotage were two bomb attacks carried out in Berlin: one in January 1941 against the Ministry of Air Travel ("Reichsluftfahrtministerium") and police headquarters, and the second in February 1941 in the Berlin-Anhalt rail station, which was intended to kill Heinrich Himmler.
On 22 April 1941 the Gestapo captured Balabán in Prague after a brief gunfight. In spite of being tortured he didn't disclose any information about the resistance. After Reinhard Heydrich assumed the position of Deputy Reichsprotektor (September 1941), martial law was established and Balabán was sentenced to death. He was executed in Ruzyně Prison on 3 October.

</doc>
<doc id="9692872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692872" title="KDUC">
KDUC

KDUC is a commercial radio station in Barstow, California, serving the immediate Barstow area, the Victor Valley area, and along the I-15 to Baker area on 94.3 FM.
KDUC airs a Top 40 music format branded as "The Duck".
The station is also simulcast on KDUQ 102.5 to the Ludlow, California area and along the I-40 between from where the 94.3 signal cuts out until Saltus, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9692891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692891" title="Robert Thorndike">
Robert Thorndike

Robert Thorndike may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9692927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692927" title="That's Right You're Wrong">
That's Right You're Wrong

"That's Right You're Wrong" (1939) is a musical film, directed by David Butler and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film starred Kay Kyser and his band, with a cast that included Adolphe Menjou, Lucille Ball, Edward Everett Horton, Roscoe Karns, and Ginny Simms (as herself).
Music.
In addition to Kay Kyser's theme song, "(I’ve Grown So Lonely) Thinking of You" (music and lyrics by Walter Donaldson and Paul Ash), the movie included the following songs: 
Reception.
The film was popular and earned a profit of $219,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9692937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692937" title="Guahibo language">
Guahibo language

Guahibo, the native language of the Guahibo people, is a Guahiban language that is spoken by about 23,006 people in Colombia and additional 8,428 in Venezuela. There is a 40% rate of monolingualism, and a 45% literacy rate.
Sounds.
Stress.
Guahibo has a unique and complex stress system with both primary and secondary stress. The stress system shows a sensitivity to syllable weight so that heavy syllables are always stressed. Both contrasting trochaic and iambic patterns are found on morphemes in nonfinal morphemes with more than two syllables:
The binary feet are parsed from left to right within each morpheme. Morphemes with an odd number of syllables leave the final syllable unstressed (and unparsed into feet):
Morphemes that consist of two syllables and are also word-final are an exception to the above and only have the trochaic pattern:
These morphemes alternate with an iambic pattern when placed in a nonfinal context. Thus "náwa" keeps its trochaic pattern with the addition of a single light syllable morpheme like "-ta" "in":
However, an iambic word show its underlying iamb when it is followed by "-ta":
Affixation generally does not affect the stress pattern of each morpheme.
Heavy syllables since they are required to be stressed disrupt perfect trochaic and iambic rhythms. However, morphemes with a sequence of at least two light syllables show contrasting stress patterns:
Primary Stress. Primary stress generally falls on the rightmost nonfinal foot. For example, the following word 
has primary stress on the rightmost foot ("pa.lu") which is not word-final. However, the rightmost foot ("qui.si") in
is word-final and cannot receive primary stress; the primary stress then falls on the next rightmost foot ("tu.li"). Placing a light syllable suffix "-ta" "with" after a four syllable root shows shifting of primary stress:
With the addition of the suffix, the root-final foot ("ni.lu") is no longer word-final and is subsequently permitted to accept primary stress.

</doc>
<doc id="9692941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692941" title="Joe White">
Joe White

Joe White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9692952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692952" title="1924–28 Nordic Football Championship">
1924–28 Nordic Football Championship

The 1924–28 Nordic Football Championship was the first Nordic Football Championship staged. Three Nordic countries participated, Denmark, Norway and Sweden. The tournament was arranged by the Danish Football Association (DBU) which celebrated its 35th anniversary. The trophy was named the "Jubilæumspokal" (Anniversary Trophy).

</doc>
<doc id="9692963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692963" title="Gamma-glutamyl carboxylase">
Gamma-glutamyl carboxylase

Gamma-glutamyl carboxylase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "GGCX" gene, located on chromosome 2 at 2p12.
Function.
Gamma-glutamyl carboxylase is an enzyme that catalyzes the posttranslational modification of vitamin K-dependent proteins. Many of these vitamin K-dependent proteins are involved in coagulation so the function of the encoded enzyme is essential for hemostasis. Most gla domain-containing proteins depend on this carboxylation reaction for posttranslational modification. In humans, the gamma-glutamyl carboxylase enzyme is most highly expressed in the liver.
Catalytic reaction.
Gamma-glutamyl carboxylase oxidizes Vitamin K hydroquinone to Vitamin K 2,3 epoxide, while simultaneously adding CO2 to protein-bound glutamic acid (abbreviation = Glu) to form gamma-carboxyglutamic acid (also called gamma-carboxyglutamate, abbreviation = Gla). The carboxylation reaction will only proceed if the carboxylase enzyme is able to oxidize vitamin K hydroquinone to vitamin K epoxide at the same time; the carboxylation and epoxidation reactions are said to be coupled reactions.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene are associated with vitamin K-dependent coagulation defect and PXE-like disorder with multiple coagulation factor deficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="9692976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692976" title="Miloslav Rechcigl, Sr.">
Miloslav Rechcigl, Sr.

Miloslav Rechcigl, Sr. (1902–1973) was a Czech politician, miller, business executive and editor for Radio Free Europe. 
He was born in Chocňejovice, a village in the Mladá Boleslav District of the Kingdom of Bohemia (present-day Czech Republic) on May 13, 1904. Rechcigl was an active member of the Agrarian Party in Czechoslovakia before the World War II. In 1935 he was elected to the Czechoslovak Parliament as its youngest member. In this capacity, he devoted his energies to economic problems, and served on several committees, relating to agriculture, industry and commerce, and international relations. He was a reporter for trade agreements for a number of countries, and for agricultural trade issues, in general.
The occupation of the country by the Nazis interrupted Rechcigl's political career. In spite of his active involvement in the underground resistance movement against the Nazis, as a non-communist political figure he became a target of persecution after the Communist takeover in 1948. After two failed attempts by the Secret Police to arrest him while he was hospitalized with a serious illness, he illegally crossed the border to Germany in May 1948. After some time in a Displaced persons camp in Germany, he went to Paris, where he became a member of the Executive Committee of the Council of Free Czechoslovakia. In February 1950, he arrived in the United States, where, after several years of manual work in New York City, he joined Radio Free Europe as chief editor of the Czechoslovak agricultural program. In 1956 he was transferred from New York to Munich, Germany. In 1970, he returned to the United States, where he died as a US naturalized citizen in Washington, D.C. on May 27, 1973. 
Before entering the political scene, he operated a family flour mill in his native village, which he managed for his father from the age of 22, upon graduating from the Prague commercial academy. Two years later he assumed ownership of the mill and independently managed it, together with the adjacent farm.
Since 1928, he worked in various professional organizations of millers, including the Millers’ Association, Trade Millers’ Alliance of Czechoslovakia, Czech Territorial Union of Millers and the Central Union of Millers in Czechoslovakia of which he became executive secretary. He also founded the Millers’ Cooperative and became its vice president. In 1938, through his initiative, the supreme organization of Czechoslovak millers was established under the name Central Office of Czechoslovak Millers and he became its President.
Furthermore, he also worked in professional agricultural organizations and became a member of all such organizations in his district. He was a council member of the Czech Agricultural Board in Prague, chairman of its economic section, a member of the cultivator committee, and a member of the Central Office of Agricultural Board in Czechoslovakia. He became a member of the Czechoslovak Agricultural Academy and officer of agricultural economists. In addition, he held membership in the auditing committee for the County Farmers’ Savings Bank in Mnichovo Hradiste.
Rechcigl was vice-chairman of the water agricultural organization in his district and an officer of the Water Agricultural Union of Czechoslovakia, chairman of the Economic Council in Mladá Boleslav, executive secretary of the Economic Institute of North Bohemia, and vice president of the Union of Economic Councils, as well as chairman of the Committee for Regulating the River Jizera and its Tributaries. 
Rechcigl's extensive archival material has been deposited in the University of Minnesota‘s Immigration History Research Center (IHRC)
Rechcigl's son is biochemist and former Czechoslovak Society of Arts and Sciences President Mila Rechcigl. 

</doc>
<doc id="9692981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692981" title="Hindu devotional movements">
Hindu devotional movements

Devotional movements refers to various forms of Hinduism in India that co-exist with differing doctrines and practices. The history of worship in India is one of hybridisation. In ancient times various regions each had their own local myths and folklore, worshipping their own collection of local spirits and deities. Repeated invasions from the north as well as a vast expansion of trade with the west such as Siraf and with China to the east, brought increased contact with other cultures. India prospered through trade beginning in the days of the Roman Empire. An indicator of the Indian merchants' importance in Siraf comes from records describing dining plates reserved for them. 
Over time a process of cultural accommodation occurred and the local pantheons of spirits were merged with the foreign. The origin of the major Hindu deities, Vishnu, Shiva, and the various forms of the female consorts or goddess such as Shakti and Durga and the history of their possible converging or merging is not reliably documented. It is likely that in this way, for example, Vishnu collected his long list of Avatars or bodily manifestations. This accounts for the wide range in their divine powers and their rich and contradictory personalities.
History.
The history of devotional movements is as ancient as that of the worship of the significant deities. While Hinduism is often described as having 30,000 gods in its pantheon, from an anthropological and historical perspective the most significant devotional movements of the past two thousand years have centered on only a few. But together with these significant gods are thousands of gods arising from ancient customs and beliefs. There are household gods, village gods, gods of the forests and mountains, agricultural gods, and regional deities. The movements of some of these deities are as ancient as those of the primary gods, and the devotees of these deities often have intertwined histories and practices.
In trying to account for the large number of Pandyan rock-cut temples built between 650 and 835 A.D. art historian K.V.Soundara Rajan attributes this proliferation to the "insistent demand of cult groups".
However, the history of Hinduism is most closely tied to the parallel creation of two major groups, that of Shiva and Vishnu, each made up of an amalgamation of many minor deities. The Divine Mother or the Goddess, Shakti often shown in the aspect of Durga, is a third major group. Most Hindus allied themselves with one of the three major groups while not denying the existence of the others. The simultaneous development of these Hindu groups seemed primarily peaceful with little documentation of friction or persecution, as the general belief was that the group deities were different aspects of the divine and all led to the same goal whatever the specific practices (Moksha).
Form.
More important in daily life of many Hindus than the major deities are the many ancient minor deities of folklore that control more practical concerns, the pantheon of folk demi-gods and spirits such as the yakshas and yakshini and their king Kubera who regulates such matters as fertility and wealth, and mythical beings such as apsaras, water nymphs associated with good fortune, sacred waters and other natural elements who entertain the gods in heaven.
Worship is the common form of Hindu devotion. However, many other forms are commonly practiced, including pilgrimage, festival procession, and healing bathing at sacred sites. Hindu devotional modes of expression are devotional poetry, mythology, art and iconography.

</doc>
<doc id="9692988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692988" title="Sudan Cup">
Sudan Cup

The Sudan Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Sudanese football. It was created in 1962.. Two teams win the double titles (League & Cup in the same season): 

</doc>
<doc id="9692993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692993" title="WPOZ">
WPOZ

WPOZ (88.3 FM, "Positive Hits Z88.3") is a radio station near Orlando, Florida, which broadcasts contemporary Christian music. WPOZ is one of the most successful contemporary Christian music stations in the United States in terms of ratings and appealing to female listeners in the 25–54 age demographic (the demographic most courted by advertisers). 
Other frequencies.
Besides broadcasting on 88.3 MHz, this station also broadcasts on other frequencies in different areas of Central Florida, including:
WPOZ and WMYZ also broadcast in HD Radio.
In late-2008, WPOZ was granted authorization from the FCC to increase its signal strength to 100,000 watts; this was accomplished when the Central Florida Educational Foundation acquired a station in Lecanto, Florida, WLMS, from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Petersburg. As that station also broadcast on 88.3 FM, Central Florida Educational Foundation closed down WLMS, enabling WPOZ to increase its signal strength without interfering with that station. After the upgrade, WPOZ's main signal would sufficiently cover areas already served by its repeaters, making them redundant—their future is currently unknown.
WPOZ's signal was also previously repeated on W212BF 90.3 MHz in Tavares and W247AX 102.7 MHz in Groveland; however, these repeaters later went dark. W212BF would close due to a new station in Eustis on 90.3, WIGW, owned by CSN International. It is unknown of the reason for the closure of W247AX.
WPOZ originally had a repeater in Daytona Beach, WEAZ 88.1 MHz; this station signed on in 1995 as WANX, becoming a simulcast of WPOZ as WEAZ in 1998. The station closed in December 2008, and its license was soon cancelled, following WPOZ's power increase that made this rebroadcaster redundant.
WPOZ-HD2.
WPOZ-HD2 broadcasts a Christian urban contemporary format as "Hot 95.9"; for those without HD radio receivers, it is heard in Orlando on a low-powered repeater, W240BV 95.9 MHz.
WPOZ-HD3.
WPOZ-HD3 broadcasts a Christian rock format as "106.3 The Rock"; this station also has a low-powered repeater in Orlando, W239BU 106.3 MHz.
Both W240BV and W239BU were previously low-powered repeaters that rebroadcast WPOZ in the Mount Dora area.

</doc>
<doc id="9692996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9692996" title="Philip Vernon">
Philip Vernon

Philip Vernon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9693013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693013" title="Mary Tyrwhitt">
Mary Tyrwhitt

Brigadier Dame Mary Joan Caroline Tyrwhitt, DBE, TD (22 December 1903–18 March 1997) was a British Army officer. She was the last director of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) and the first director of the Women's Royal Army Corps (WRAC) when it was established on 1 February 1949.
Death.
Brigadier Dame Mary Tyrwhitt died in 1997, aged 93, unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="9693027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693027" title="Kerala Library Association">
Kerala Library Association

The Kerala Library Association (KLA) was founded in 1971 by a group of librarians who strongly felt the need for an independent professional association at the state level to promote the cause of library development, professional standards of librarians, entirely dedicated for libraries and librarians. The Headquarters of the Association is at Thiruvananthapuram. Prof. K. A. Isaac was the patron of the Association.
The Association has boldly voiced the sentiments and the views of professionals on several occasions to the concerned authorities. It has successfully projected the need for improving library services in College & Universities. KLA helped the Government to formulate policies in relation to library development in the state.
Origin.
The first attempt at founding a professional association took place in 1958 by the initiative of a few trained librarians who formed the "All Kerala College Librarians Association". In 1961, the University of Kerala opened a new department to offer Bachelors Degree in Library science. Subsequently when the number of degree holders began to increase, it led to the formation of another association called "Kerala Librarians Association" in 1964 at Thiruvananthapuram.
Later in 1971 the present association was renamed as "Kerala Library Association", and thus it was registered under the Societies Registration Act and it became the first legitimate organization of the professional librarians in the state of Kerala.
Objectives.
a. To unite all libraries in Kerala by holding conferences and meetings for the discussion of questions affecting the library profession and matters affecting libraries or their regulation or management or other wise.
b. To promote library movement and improvement in library services.
c. To promote appropriate library legislation in the state.
d. To promote the better administration of libraries.
e. To promote library science education and the improvement in the training of librarians in Kerala.
f. To promote and encourage bibliographical study and research.
g. To promote the establishment of libraries, documentation and information centres in Kerala.
h. To publish information of service or interest to the members of the Association or for the promotion of the objects of the Association.
i. To promote whatever may tend to the improvement of the position and qualifications of the librarians.
j. To affiliate to the Association, other associations in Kerala with similar objects.
k. To co-operate with other State, National, International and other organizations with similar objects.
l. To do all such other things as incidental or conducive to the attainment of the above mentioned objects.
Membership.
Membership of the Association is of four categories.
(a) Ordinary Membership
Ordinary Membership is open to all librarians who satisfy the required minimum qualifications viz. a basic Bachelor’s Degree with a Degree/Diploma in Library Science, subscribe to the objects of the Association and pay an admission fee of Rs.10/- and an annual subscription of Rs.100/-
(b) Associate Membership
Associate Membership is open to students undergoing a course of study leading to a Degree/Diploma in Library Science, subscribe to the objects of the Association and pay an admission fee of Rs.10/- and annual subscription of Rs.25/-
(c) Honorary Membership
Honorary Membership is granted to eminent personalities in the field of library profession, service and teaching.
(d)Life Membership
Life Membership is open to all librarians who satisfy the required minimum qualifications viz. a basic Bachelor’s Degree with a Degree/Diploma in Library Science, subscribe to the objects of the Association and pay an admission fee of Rs.10/- and a life membership fee of Rs.600/- (Rupees Six Hundred) either in full or in two installments, i.e.,RS.300/-falling within the period of the same financial year of the Association.
Publications.
KLA publishes "KLA Newsletter" which is distributed free to all its members. So far the Association has published five research monographs, many seminar volumes, two souvenirs and 5 books.
Read the current issue of KLA Newsletter
Programmes.
KLA conducts seminars, computer training programs, conferences and workshops every year for the library professionals. The subject matter of these include technical & professional topics, library development plans, library legislation, library awareness, promotion of reading habits and role of libraries for national development. Public functions & meetings are also organized by KLA off and on. KLA in association with State Library Council had launched a training programme for working librarians in rural libraries of Kerala during 1996-97.
Major Activities Since 2011.
i. KLA National Seminar on "New Information Technology Interfaces in Libraries and Information Centres (NITILIC)", 12–13 July 2013, Seminar Hall, Kerala State Science and Technology Museum, PMG Jn., Thiruvananthapuram.
ii. National Seminar on "Professional Motivation for Librarians" on 22 June 2013, Organized by KLA Thrissur Region in association with the College of Horticulture (CoH), Kerala Agricultural University (KAU), Thrissur.
iii. Orientation Programme on "Academic Communication and Plagiarism" at S. B. College, Changanacherry on 8 June 2013, organized by KLA Kottayam Region in association with S.B. College, Changanacherry.
iv. KLA Gold Medal & Prof. C. A. Augustine Holy Cross Endowment Awards 2013, on 29 April 2013 at 3.00 pm at the Lecture Hall, DLIS, University of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram.
v. Two Day Training cum Workshop on "Koha" during 7–8 March 2013, jointly organized by KLA Ernakulam Region and the School of Library and Information Science, Rajagiri College at Rajagiri College School of Social Sciences, Kalamassery, Kochi
vi. One Day Workshop on DSpace Digital Library, 19 January 2013 at Seminar Hall, Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studie, Pangad, Kochi, organized by KLA Ernakulam Region.
vii. 8th Prof. K. A. Isaac Commemoration Lecture (2012), by Dr M.D. Baby, Prof. & Head, School of Library and Information Science, Rajagiri College of Social Sciences, Kochi on the topic New Generation Knowledge Management: A Challenge to Library Professionals, organized jointly by KLA and the Department of Library & Information Science, University of Kerala on 20 December 2012 at 11.00 am at the Lecture Hall, DLIS, University of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram.
viii. Seminar on "Public Relations in Libraries" on 15 Dec. 2012 at 2.30 pm at Government Training College (IASE), Palace Road, Thrissur, organized by KLA Thrissur Region.
ix. Half Day Workshop on Information Security Awareness on 1 Dec. 2012 at the DLIS Lecture Hall, Kerala University Library, Palayam, Thiruvananthapuram, organized by KLA State Committee in collaboration with C-DAC, Hyderabad.
x. Invited Talk on "Re-engineering Library Services" by Dr. M.D. Baby, Professor and Head, DLIS, Rajagiri College of Social Sciences on 16 Nov. 2012, at MG Uni. Library Hall, organized by KLA Kottayam Region.
xi. Invited Talk on "Impact of Mass media on Reading" by Mrs Priya A.S., famous Malayalam novelist and short story writer on 21 Nov. 2012 at Library Hall, CUSAT, Cochin, organized by KLA Ernakulam Region.
xii. Seminar on "Technology Management in Modern Libraries" on 20 October 2012 at the Seminar Hall, College of Horticulture, Thrissur, organized jointly by KLA Thrissur Region and College of Horticulture, Kerala Agricultural University, Thrissur.
xiii. KLA-NIC National Workshop on E-Granthalaya, 11–13 September 2012, LBS Institute of Science & Technology, Thiruvananthapuram.
xiv. Linux Training Programme for LIS Professionals and Students, 18 August 2012, St. Joseph’s College of Engineering and Technology, Palai, Kottayam, by KLA Kottayam Region.
xv. Talk on "Intellectual Property Rights: A Public Perspective" by Adv. Binoy K. Kadavan (High Court of Kerala) on 10 July 2012 at the Ernakulam Public Library Hall. Jointly organized by the Kerala Library Association (Ernakulam Region) and Ernalulam Public Library.
xvi. Reading Day 2012: Talk on "Reading, Madness and Culture" by Dr P.K.Rajasekharan, Literary critic and Media Person, 3 pm, 19 June 2012, DLIS Hall, University Library Building, Palayam, Thiruvananthapuram
xvii. Seminar on "Library and Web Tools for E-Learning and Teaching", 25 June 2012, Library Hall, College of Horticulture, Vellanikkara, Thrissur, KLA Thrissur Region.
xviii. Three Day Workshop on KOHA (Batch II), 24–26 May 2012, Calicut University Library, KLA Kozhikkode Region.
xix. Career orientation Programme for Library and Information Science (LIS) Students, 12 May 2012, KE College Mannanam, KLA Kottayam Region.
xx. Three Day Workshop on KOHA, 26–29 April 2012, Calicut University Library, KLA Kozhikkode Region.
xxi. Seminar on "Knowledge Economy and Library Professionals", 21 April 2012, Govt Institute of Advanced Study in Education, Thrissur, organized KLA Thrissur Region.
xxii. Prof. K.A.Isaac Commemoration Lecture 2011 by Shri T. P. Sreenivasan IFS (Retd) on the topic "Education for a changing world", 2 Dec. 2011, DLIS, University of Kerala, Trivandrum.
For details visit KLA Website
Awards.
In order to encourage the students who undergo Graduate and Post Graduate Courses in Library and Information Science, KLA has instituted Gold medal awards to the first rank holders in Kerala, Calicut and Mahatma Gandhi Universities. KLA also gives away Holy Cross Endowment instituted by Prof. C.A. Augustine for the toppers.
Key office bearers for 2011-2013.
View the detailed list of Office bearers

</doc>
<doc id="9693054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9693054" title="Cuiba language">
Cuiba language

Cuiba is a Guahiban language that is spoken by about 2,300 people in Colombia and additional 650 in Venezuela. More than half of Cuiba speakers are monoglot, and in Colombia there is a 45% literacy rate.

</doc>
