<doc id="21423623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423623" title="Glorious 39">
Glorious 39

Glorious 39 is a 2009 British thriller film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff and starring Romola Garai, Bill Nighy, Julie Christie, Jeremy Northam, Christopher Lee, David Tennant and Jenny Agutter. Filming began in late October 2008 and concluded in December 2008. Much of the filming took place in Norfolk where the film is set. It was released on 20 November 2009.
On the eve of World War II, as the formidable Keyes family tries to uphold its traditional way of life, daughter Anne (Garai) sees her life dramatically unravel when she stumbles upon secret recordings of the pro-appeasement movement.
Plot.
In present-day London, Michael Walton (Toby Regbo) visits his cousins, Walter and Oliver Page (Christopher Lee and Corin Redgrave). Michael, interested in family history, asks them about his great aunt, Anne Keyes (Romola Garai), the sister of his grandmother, Celia (Juno Temple). Anne, an actress, was the eldest of the three Keyes children; desperate for children, her father, Member of the House of Commons, Alexander (Bill Nighy) and mother, Maud (Jenny Agutter) had adopted her, however, Maud then gave birth to Ralph (Eddie Redmayne) and Celia. Michael is curious to learn what happened to Anne, which leads Walter to reminisce of the summer of 1939, at the Keyes estate in Norfolk.
On the day of Alexander's birthday, Anne has prepared a table in the garden to celebrate. Anne's friend, the outspoken MP Hector (David Tennant) and lover, the reserved Lawrence (Charlie Cox) are present for the festivities. When Alexander arrives that night, he also brings a guest, the quiet government employee, Joseph Balcombe, (Jeremy Northam). During dinner, Hector rants about Britain's lack of action against Nazi Germany, noting that while his view is unpopular, he feels that it needs to be said. It is later revealed that he has been one of those calling out for a new prime minister.
The next day, while looking for a missing cat, Anne finds her in one of the property's sheds, which had been off-limits due to them containing Alexander's manuscript papers. She finds gramophone records labelled "Foxtrot," which upon listening, actually contain recorded meetings and telephone conversations. Alexander reveals that he has allowed Balcombe to store government documents in the shed.
Two weeks later, Anne is notified that Hector has been found dead, of an apparent suicide. Anne wonders if Balcombe had anything to do with Hector's death. Alexander brushes off the idea, but does offer to ask Balcombe to remove the records from the shed, something he promises to do the next day during a picnic. While there, the picnic-goers take off for a walk, including Aunt Elizabeth (Julie Christie), leaving Anne to watch over baby Oliver. Anne awakens to find Oliver and his pushchair missing. She follows his cries to no avail, and when the family returns, they search, too, until they find him in his pushchair on a lane. Anne vehemently denies moving the baby, but the incident plants roots of doubt about Anne's word.
Balcombe removes the records that night, but Anne has secretly kept two of them. The family then returns to London because Parliament has been recalled. While there, Anne listens to the records. One contains a recording of a distressed Hector pleading with Balcombe to cease calling him and also his parents. However, the maid bursts into the room, which causes the gramophone to fall, and the record to break into pieces. On September 1, Anne gives a second record to her fellow actor and friend, Gilbert (Hugh Bonneville), who is subsequently found dead from an apparent suicide.
Anne travels back to Norfolk to keep Aunt Elizabeth company, where she listens to the second recording. On it, she recognizes Balcombe's voice, along with another, her brother, Ralph. Ralph is heard suggesting the name "thin man dancing" for a covert operation. The name he suggested is a reference to a childhood toy with which the siblings played. This confirmed to Anne that Ralph is not to be trusted. At a party in London, Anne attempts to tell Lawrence of Ralph's involvement, but he already knows. Lawrence convinces Anne to bring him the recording at a rendezvous at a suburban veterinary surgery. After Anne finds Lawrence's body in a shed filled with euthanised pets, she is drugged by her father and taken prisoner in Aunt Elizabeth's house which is close to St Paul's Cathedral. Balcombe pays her a visit, and brings with him the second recording, which was intercepted by him. He informs her that the recording had been made for her father, and that was why they were stored at the house in Norfolk. He also informs her that their house in London is being used for series of pro-appeasement meetings which her father is chairing.
Alexander later admits to her that he believes that Britain will be completely destroyed unless it secures a peace treaty with Germany, and that nothing should disturb that. Alexander tells her that she is the only member of the family that does not share his beliefs, which is why they are keeping her locked away and sedated. After some time, Maud unlocks the door to release her while the rest of the family is at the park. She goes past them, and when they act as though nothing wrong had happened, Anne runs away.
Back in the present, Walter tells Michael that Anne died in Canada 20 years ago, and that he was just doing what his family and Balcombe had wanted. It is then revealed that Balcombe convinced Walter to move Oliver's pushchair into the lane. Michael asks Oliver and Walter to accompany him to meet his mother. They travel to the same park where Anne had last seen her family. A woman, Michael's mother, wheels an elderly woman towards them. That elderly woman is revealed to be Anne, and Michael tells them that that he knew the truth all along but wanted to hear it from them.
Location.
The film is set in Norfolk and was filmed there. The ruins of Castle Acre Priory and Walsingham Abbey are featured prominently as a favourite haunt of the Keyes siblings. Other locations used include the Cley Marshes, Holkham Hall and Houghton Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="21423625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423625" title="List of Marshals of the First French Empire">
List of Marshals of the First French Empire

Unlike the armies of the Ancien Régime and other monarchies, advancement in the Grande Armée was based on proven ability rather than social class or wealth. Napoleon wanted his army to be a meritocracy, where every soldier, no matter how humble of birth, could rise rapidly to the highest levels of command, much as he had done (provided, of course, they did not rise too high or too fast). This was equally applied to the French and foreign officers, and no less than 140 foreigners attained the rank of Général. By and large this goal was achieved. Given the right opportunities to prove themselves, capable men could rise to the top within a few years, whereas in other armies it usually required decades if at all. It was said that even the lowliest private carried a marshal's baton in his knapsack.

</doc>
<doc id="21423630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423630" title="Belfast South by-election, 1952">
Belfast South by-election, 1952

The Belfast South by-election, 1952 was held following the resignation of Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) Member of Parliament, Hugh Gage.
History.
Belfast South had consistently elected UUP members since its recreation in 1922, and no Irish nationalist had even stood in the seat in that period. The opposition came from the labour movement. Gage had first won the seat at the 1945 UK general election, but he faced opponents from both the Commonwealth Labour Party (CWLP) and the Northern Ireland Labour Party (NILP), who, between them, had taken 48% of the vote. The CWLP had merged with the UUP in 1947, so by the 1950 UK general election, Gage was able to take three-quarters of the vote, the rest going to a NILP opponent. The vote shares barely changed at the 1951 UK general election.
Candidates.
The UUP selected David Campbell, while the NILP opted to stand their party secretary, Sam Napier. Napier had stood for the Northern Ireland House of Commons twice, for North Down in 1949 and for the Queen's University of Belfast in 1953.
Result.
The by-election was held on 4 November 1952. Campbell easily won the seat, taking more than three-quarters of the votes, in a near repeat of the result of the two previous general elections. He held the seat until his death in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="21423654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423654" title="Cuci Amador">
Cuci Amador

Cristina Elena Garcia known as Cuci Amador is an Electro funk singer.
Biography.
Cristina Elena Garcia was born in San Juan Puerto Rico on November 10, 1979 of Cuban parents. She is the singer of the musical group Afrobeta.
Music.
"That Thing" Single available on iTunes, includes "That Thing" and "Nighttime"

</doc>
<doc id="21423657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423657" title="S.C. Mineiro Aljustrelense">
S.C. Mineiro Aljustrelense

Sport Clube Mineiro Aljustrelense is a Portuguese football club that competes in the Portuguese Second Division. They were founded in 1933
__TOC__
History.
The Sport Clube Mineiro Aljustrelense "SCMA" was founded in 1933. The largest community of the Municipality of Castro Verde has always been linked to the main economic activity in the region, the mines.
Variations in the life of the club, on the most positive and least positive, also coincided with market fluctuations miner.
It is thus a time when mining is experiencing a less than positive, the "SCMA" diversify its base of support, while obviously a historical link to mine, but must endeavor to strengthen or create new partnerships and support (local, businesses, communities and individual persons) who are proud to associate its name to the "mining project" proposed in this direction.
The current management of mining, a mix of experience and youth, is composed of 70% of ex-athletes of the club. The parameters of choice that guided the formation of this multidisciplinary team were: competence, willingness, enthusiasm, motivation and especially the taste of responsibilities and challenges.
The "SCMA" account today with 750 members and nearly 300 players spread over 3 sections: Football (senior, junior, youth, started, children and schools), Roller Hockey (senior, started, children and schools) and Skating . These figures is shown the importance of mobilizing the community as SCMA community, especially among children and young people of our County.
The level of sports facilities in the county Aljustrel is in top national and highly rated European level, taking into account the relation m2 per inhabitant. There are therefore Beds in excellent conditions for sport (the stadium and soccer fields, swimming pools, gym, tennis courts, etc.). So the club is grateful to the council for its efforts in the construction of infrastructure and subsequent marginal use to the "SCMA".

</doc>
<doc id="21423658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423658" title="Kushima Castle">
Kushima Castle

, also known as from its location, is a Japanese castle located in Ōmura, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.
History.
Kushima castle is built on a peninsula extending into Ōmura Bay. Kushima Castle was the ancestral home of the Ōmura clan, having first been constructed in the Kamakura period by descendants of Fujiwara no Sumitomo. It was the base of "Kirishitan" daimyo Ōmura Yoshiaki (1568–1615), who assisted Toyotomi Hideyoshi in securing control of Kyūshū. After Hideyoshi’s death and the Battle of Sekigahara, the Ōmura clan was confirmed by Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu as a "tozama han" with revenues of 27,000 "koku" in their ancestral territories. The Sengoku period castle of 1598 was rebuilt in 1614 by Ōmura Sumiyori per plans draw up by noted castle designer Katō Kiyomasa. After the start of the national isolation policy and the persecution of the Japanese Christians, many local Christians were herded into the grounds of Ōmura Castle and forced to take poison in 1616. Ōmura Sumiyori himself was poisoned in 1619.
The Ōmura daimyo remained in residence at Kushima Castle until the Meiji Restoration of 1868. It was the seat of the local government until 1871, when the former Ōmura Domain was merged into the new Nagasaki Prefecture. The "donjon" was pulled down in 1871, as were all of the supporting structures. Today, only the moat and portions of stone walls remain. 
In 1884, a Shinto shrine was erected on the foundations of the former keep, in honor of the spirits of the generations of Ōmura daimyo. In 1981, one of the "yagura" and some earthen walls were reconstructed. The site of the castle now forms Ōmura Park, which contains a number of protected plant species, including many examples of the Ōmura "sakura" and extensive public gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="21423672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423672" title="1959 Speedway National League">
1959 Speedway National League

The 1959 National League Division One was the fourteenth post-war season of the highest tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="21423678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423678" title="ConsensusPathDB">
ConsensusPathDB

The ConsensusPathDB is a molecular functional interaction database, integrating information on protein interactions, genetic interactions signaling, metabolism, gene regulation, and drug-target interactions in humans. ConsensusPathDB currently (release 23) includes such interactions from 30 databases. ConsensusPathDB is freely available for academic use under http://ConsensusPathDB.org.
Functionalities.
The ConsensusPathDB is accessible via a web interface providing a variety of functions.
Search and visualization.
Using the web interface users can search for physical entities (e.g. proteins, metabolites etc.) or pathways using common names or accession numbers (e.g. UniProt identifiers). Selected interactions can be visualized in an interactive environment as expandable networks. ConsensusPathDB currently allows users to export their models in BioPAX format or as image in several formats.
Shortest path.
Users can search for shortest paths of functional interactions between physical entities, based on all interactions in the database. The pathway search can be constrained by forbidding passing through certain physical entities.
Data upload.
Users can upload their own interaction networks in BioPAX, PSI-MI or SBML files in order to validate and/or extend those networks in the context of the interactions in ConsensusPathDB.
Over-representation analysis.
Using the web-interface of the database, one can perform overrepresentation analysis, based on biochemical pathways or on neighbourhood-based entity sets (NESTs) that constitute sub-networks of the overall interaction network containing all physical entities around a central one within a "radius" (number of interactions from the center). For each predefined set (pathway / NEST), a P-value is computed based on the hypergeometric distribution. It reflects the significance of the observed overlap between the user-specific input gene list and the members of the predefined set.
Over-representation analyses can be performed with user-specified genes or metabolites.

</doc>
<doc id="21423680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423680" title="1934 Declaration of Principles">
1934 Declaration of Principles

The 1934 Declaration of Principles was a political platform of the Militant faction passed at the Socialist Party of America (SPA) May 1934 National Convention held in Detroit, Michigan. The document committed the organization to "refuse collectively to sanction or support any international war" and condemned the "bogus democracy of capitalist parliamentarism" in favor of establishment of a "genuine workers' democracy." The 1934 Declaration of Principles was instrumental in causing a split of the SPA, with its so-called "Old Guard" faction exiting the organization en masse to establish a rival organization, the Social Democratic Federation, in 1936.
History.
The chief author of the 1934 Declaration of Principles was Devere Allen, a pacifist follower of Socialist Party leader Norman Thomas from Connecticut. It was vocally supported by the party's organized "Militant" faction.
In closing the debate at the convention, New York "Old Guard" leader Louis Waldman railed against adoption of the Declaration of Principles:
"I warn against these dangerous, provocative proposals, which will lead the party to run. They are anarchistic, illegal, Communist doctrine. This is a wild, irresponsible declaration."
Then Norman Thomas went forward to close the debate in favor of adoption of the new declaration. Waldman recalls:
"When Thomas rose, he received a great ovation from the Militants, but he was pale and nervous. He had been maneuvered into a position inconsistent with his long time stance as a social reformer. He was ill-suited to be a leader of a revolutionary movement committed to violence and dictatorship. I considered him more a captive than a leader. While I felt that the leadership and encouragement he had given the Militants had helped bring the party to the brink of disaster, if not past it, I was nevertheless sympathetic to a man who had been cast in a role so alien to his past.
"But he had passed the point of no return. He rejoiced in the declaration, he said. He praised Allen. As a pacifist, he had little difficulty in making a general and eloquent statement about the horror of war, which he condemned. When he got to the questio of seizure of power and the imposition of a dictatorship, he seemed lost. He declared that Fascism, which he said the declaration clearly implied was now at hand, 'left the Socialist Party no alternative but to seize power whether or not it had a majority."
The 1934 Declaration of Principles was approved at the Detroit convention by a vote of delegates representing 10,882 members in favor, and delegates representing 6,512 opposed.

</doc>
<doc id="21423702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423702" title="National Diploma (United Kingdom)">
National Diploma (United Kingdom)

A National Diploma is a standard academic qualification, offered by most further education colleges and universities in the United Kingdom. The title National Diploma is used in a variety of ways. Most National Diplomas are further education qualifications rated at level 3 on the National Qualifications Framework, but some are at levels 4 and 5 (higher education). The Higher National Diploma is rated at level 5 on the "Framework for Higher Education Qualifications in England, Wales and Northern Ireland". Some professional National Diplomas are rated at level 6, but these are usually awarded by an independent body, recognising specialist study in a particular field.
The most common National Diplomas in the UK are those awarded by BTEC. BTEC National Diplomas are awarded in numerous subjects, standardised programmes of study which are offered by colleges and universities nationwide. Many colleges, universities and externally examining bodies will also offer their own independently devised National Diploma courses.

</doc>
<doc id="21423704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423704" title="FIFA World Cup All-Time Team">
FIFA World Cup All-Time Team

The FIFA World Cup All-Time Team is an all-time association football ideal team published by FIFA in 1994. It is an eleven-member side divided as one goalkeeper, four defenders, three midfielders, and three forwards. These were considered to be the best football players of all time. 
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21423706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423706" title="Fairy Dust">
Fairy Dust

Fairy Dust is a women's fragrance from Parlux Fragrances released in October 2008, and is the sixth fragrance to be endorsed by Paris Hilton, following "Can Can".
Key Notes: pink peony, orange blossom, spring gardenia, vanilla cream, peach nectar, water lily, cashmere musk, sparkling prosecco accord, sueded patchouli.

</doc>
<doc id="21423711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423711" title="Jaye">
Jaye

Jaye may refer to:
First name:
Surname:

</doc>
<doc id="21423712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423712" title="Almut Brömmel">
Almut Brömmel

Almut Brömmel (born 5 May 1935 in Markranstädt, Saxony) is a retired female javelin thrower and discus thrower from Germany, who represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics: 1956 and 1960. She set her personal best (55.16 metres) in the women's javelin throw in 1968.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21423717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423717" title="James Chippendale">
James Chippendale

James Chippendale (born around 1969) is an American business executive and anti-leukemia campaigner and co-founder of the charity Love Hope Strength Foundation. He is also founder and CEO of an entertainment and sports insurance broker, CSI Entertainment Insurance, and hosts a television segment in the Dallas, Texas area.
Insurance career.
Chippendale attended Arizona State University and worked for almost two years at a general insurance company in Dallas, before founding his own company, CSI Entertainment Insurance. The company became an international entertainment and sports broker, providing insurance coverage for large-scale events and music festivals.
Love Hope Strength Foundation.
In 2000, Chippendale was diagnosed with leukemia and could only survive if he found a suitable bone marrow transplant. He found one in Germany, and the operation was successful. As of 2008, he was cancer free.
In 2003, Chippendale founded cancer charity the Love Hope Strength Foundation (LSHF) with fellow survivor Mike Peters, a Welsh rock musician with The Alarm. The charity raises funds for cancer treatment, promotes awareness and early detection, and advocates for bone marrow registration by holding rock concerts at remote, elevated venues, including Everest base camp and the top of the Empire State Building.
LHSF concerts feature both amateur and professional musicians. The first four shows had raised almost $1 million by September 2008.
Film and Television career.
Chippendale hosts a television segment, "Last Call with James Chippendale", on NBC Dallas/Fort Worth. The section features interviews with local celebrities and airs during Sunday night sports show "Out of Bounds".
Chippendale is the producer and subject of the documentary "More To Live For", directed by Noah Hutton. The film is the story of three lives, all shaken by cancer and dependent upon the one vital bone marrow match that could save them.

</doc>
<doc id="21423726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423726" title="Academy of Creative Education">
Academy of Creative Education

The Academy of Creative Education (ACE) is a nationally recognized, non-traditional, non-punitive model high school for students at risk of dropping out in the North East Independent School District in San Antonio, Texas.
History.
ACE was established with seed money from the Texas Education Agency (TEA) and the Education Economic Policy Center (EEPC) and began its first classes for at-risk youth on September 16, 1991. Using a non-traditional approach to education, ACE is the collaborative result of a design team composed of educators and community representatives.
The design team envisioned a campus where at-risk youth ages 16–21 would have a totally different environment in which to learn and where the instructors would use innovative teaching models and teaching strategies. This creative approach would improve student achievement by changing the ways in which students were taught.
Today, the project is funded by local funds, compensatory education funds, career and technology funds, special education support, and community resources. Through strong leadership, former dropouts are empowered to become tomorrow's problem solvers, thinkers and leaders.
Mission statement.
"The North East Academy of Creative Education is a new American School providing diverse educational opportunities in a way that empowers students to become tomorrow's thinkers, problem solvers, and leaders, making The Academy an educational beacon for the 21st century. The Academy of Creative Education . . . Lighting the Way!"
Academics.
Curriculum.
North East Independent School District policy and the Texas Education Code require
that students participate actively in a balanced curriculum designed to meet individual
needs. The Academy’s curriculum goal is to prepare well-rounded, thoughtful, and
active citizens who understand the importance of patriotism and can function
productively in a free enterprise society with appreciation for the basic democratic
values of our state and national heritage.
The driving force behind the Academy’s non-traditional program is the curriculum, for
which Academy educators continually use research-based information to determine
what at-risk youth need to learn. The curriculum designed by the faculty is self-paced,
accelerated, and individualized. It provides students with academic choices that promote
critical thinking skills and problem-solving techniques that apply to real-life experiences.
Challenging and motivating activities are incorporated to integrate core subjects within
and across the curriculum. Interdisciplinary concepts are included throughout the
curriculum to emphasize the Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skills (TAKS) objectives.
To ensure that all students are successful learners, Academy educators have centered
the integrated, in-depth curriculum around student learning styles. Curriculum is based
on innovative approaches that are uniquely suited to meet the needs, abilities, interests,
and backgrounds of the students. The curriculum features performance-based activities
while addressing how each student learns best. All students are treated as though they
are gifted and are expected to achieve 80% mastery on all assignments.

</doc>
<doc id="21423745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423745" title="Harry Cotton">
Harry Cotton

Henry "Harry" Cotton (born 5 April 1882; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played in goal for Nantwich, Burslem Port Vale, Crewe Alexandra, and Stoke in the 1900s.
Playing career.
Cotton played for Nantwich, before joining Burslem Port Vale in May 1901. Preferred to William Chadwick, he played 29 Second Division games in the 1901–02 season. He played 32 league games in the 1902–03 and 1903–04 campaigns, and fended off competition from new signing Arthur Box to play 31 league games in the 1904–05 season. At this point he left the Athletic Ground and moved on to Crewe Alexandra. With Stoke missing a reliable custodian in the 1908–09 season, Cotton kept goal in two Birmingham & District League games, before being sacked from the Victoria Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="21423751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423751" title="United States elections, 2011">
United States elections, 2011

The United States general elections of 2011 were held (for the most part) on Tuesday, November 8. This was an off-year election, in which the only seats up for election in the United States Congress were special elections. There were also four gubernatorial races, including a special election in West Virginia. There were also state legislative elections in four states and judicial elections in three states; as well as numerous citizen initiatives, mayoral races, and a variety of other local offices on the ballot.
Federal elections.
Congressional elections.
No regularly scheduled elections for the United States Congress occurred in 2011, and instead only four special elections were held. Eventually, there was no net seat changes by the political parties.
In addition, a primary election was held in Oregon's 1st congressional district on November 8, for the seat left open after the resignation of David Wu; the special election for this seat then occurred on January 31, 2012. Democrat Suzanne Bonamici was elected on that date to replace Wu.
State elections.
Gubernatorial elections.
There were three regularly scheduled elections and one special election for governorships in 2011. None of these four changed party hands.
Other state-wide Officer elections.
In the first three of the aforementioned states, elections for state executive branch offices of Lieutenant Governor (in a separate election in Louisiana and Mississippi and on the same ticket as the gubernatorial nominee in Kentucky), Secretary of state, state Treasurer, state Auditor, state Attorney General, and Commissioners of Insurance and Agriculture were held. In addition, there were elections for Kentucky and Mississippi's state appellate courts, respectively.
State & Territorial legislative elections.
Four states - Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey and Virginia - and one U.S. territory, the Northern Mariana Islands, elected their state or territorial legislators in 2011.
Initiatives and referendums.
Nine states, Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Maine, Mississippi, New Jersey, Ohio, Texas, and Washington State, had measures certified for the 2011 ballot. Among those that attracted the most attention were an Ohio referendum that repealed legislation that limits collective bargaining for public employees, and a failed constitutional amendment in Mississippi that would have defined "personhood" as beginning at the fertilization of an embryo.
Judicial elections.
Four states, Louisiana, New York, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, had judicial elections in 2011. Additional states such as Arizona, Nevada and Ohio had municipal judicial elections in 2011.
Municipal elections.
Nationwide, various cities, counties, school boards, special districts and others elected officers in 2011. Some were held on November 8 while others were held at other times throughout the year.
Some of the high-profile mayoral elections included the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21423754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423754" title="Svetlana Koroleva">
Svetlana Koroleva

Svetlana Koroleva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21423761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423761" title="Jaret">
Jaret

Jaret is a first name that refers to:
First name:

</doc>
<doc id="21423772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423772" title="Tom and Catherine">
Tom and Catherine

Tom and Catherine is an album by John Miles released in 1999. The album is the soundtrack to a musical which handles about the life of the novelist Catherine Cookson and her husband Tom Cookson. The musical was written by playwright Tom Kelly and he asked Miles to write music for the musical (they had already collaborated on "Machine Gunners").
Track listing.
All songs written by Kelly/Miles

</doc>
<doc id="21423782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423782" title="Johanna Larsson">
Johanna Larsson

Johanna Larsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21423785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423785" title="Earl Goodwin">
Earl Goodwin

Earl Goodwin (January 21, 1901 - July, 1976) was a professional football player from Paducah, Texas. After going to high school in Colorado, Goodwin attended Bucknell University and West Texas A&M University. Goodwin made his National Football League debut in 1928 with the Pottsville Maroons. He would go onto play eight games for the Maroons. He played both college and professional football with his twin brother, Myrl by his side.

</doc>
<doc id="21423788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423788" title="Delta-thalassemia">
Delta-thalassemia

Delta-thalassemia is a form of thalassemia. It is associated with HBD.
Pathophysiology.
As well as alpha and beta chains being present in hemoglobin about 3% of adult hemoglobin is made of alpha and delta chains. Just as with beta thalassemia, mutations can occur which affect the ability of this gene to produce delta chains. 
When one inherits two delta0 mutations, no hemoglobin A2 (alpha2,delta2) can be formed. Hematologically, however, this is innocuous because only 2-3% of normal adult hemoglobin is hemoglobin A2. The individual will have normal hematological parameters (erythrocyte count, total hemoglobin, mean corpuscular volume, red cell distribution width). Individuals who inherit only one delta thalassemia mutation gene will have a decreased hemoglobin A2, but also no hematological consequences.
One mutation is at the +69 position.
Relationship to beta thalassemia.
The importance of recognizing the existence of delta thalassemia is seen best in cases where it may mask the diagnosis of beta thalassemia trait. In beta thalassemia, there is an increase in hemoglobin A2, typically in the range of 4-6% (normal is 2-3%). However, the co-existence of a delta thalassemia mutation will decrease the value of the hemoglobin A2 into the normal range, thereby obscuring the diagnosis of beta thalassemia trait. This can be important in genetic counseling, because a child who is the product of parents each of whom has beta0 thalassemia trait has a one in four chance of having beta thalassemia major.

</doc>
<doc id="21423800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423800" title="Emil F. Reinhardt">
Emil F. Reinhardt

Emil Fred Reinhardt (October 27, 1888 – July 24, 1969), U.S. Army officer, who reached the rank of major general during World War II. He is most noted as a commanding officer of the 69th Infantry Division, which became a first unit to contact Soviet Army.
Early years.
Emil Fred Reinhardt was born in West Bay City (now Bay City), Michigan on 27 October 1888, the son of Christoph L. Reinhardt and Seyville L. (Tomhafe) Reinhardt. He graduated from Bay City Western High School in 1906 and subsequently he attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. He graduated in June 1910. He was also commissioned a second lieutenant in infantry on that date.
During World War I, Reinhardt did not see combat service in France, but after the war, he served with the Allied occupation forces in Germany. From 1934-1938, Reinhardt served as an instructor with Pennsylvania National Guard and in 1938, he was transferred to Washington, D.C., as the executive officer of the Washington Provisional Brigade.
World War II.
He then served as commander of 20th Infantry Regiment. Reinhardt served in this capacity until April 1941, when he was promoted to brigadier general.
After his promotion, Reinhardt was appointed the assistant division commander of the 7th Infantry Division under command of Major General Charles H. White. His next assignment was at Camp Wolters, Texas, where he was appointed commanding general of the Infantry Replacement Training Center.
In 1942, Reinhardt attended the Divisional Commanders Course at Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas and then was promoted to major general on April 17, 1942 and also appointed the commanding general of 76th Infantry Division.
In September 1944 he was appointed commander of the 69th Infantry Division (United States) at Camp Shelby, Mississippi. The division was sent to Europe in December 1944 and entered combat in January 1945 when it relieved the 99th Division in Belgium. The division attacked rapidly eastward. It crossed the Rhine on March 27, 1945, and captured Leipzig in mid-April.
On April 25, 1945, elements of the division reached the Elbe and became the first American unit to contact the Russian Army. After the end of the war the division was placed on occupation duty in Germany.
Major General Reinhardt returned to the United States in August 1945 and commanded the Infantry Replacement Training Center at Camp Robinson, Arkansas. He served in this capacity until September 30, 1946, when he retired from the military service.
For his service during World War II, Major General Reinhardt was awarded with Army Distinguished Service Medal, Bronze Star Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster and Soviet Order of Suvorov, 2nd Class.
Reinhardt died on July 24, 1969 aged 80 at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. He was buried at Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery together with his wife Laura Bishop Reinhardt (1887 - 1965).

</doc>
<doc id="21423802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423802" title="1960 Speedway National League">
1960 Speedway National League

The 1960 National League Division One was the fifteenth post-war season of the highest tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="21423811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423811" title="Anglo-South American Bank">
Anglo-South American Bank

The Anglo-South American Bank was a British and Argentine bank established with the acquisition of the Anglo-Argentine Bank in 1900 by the Bank of Tarapacá and London. The new bank first took the name of Bank of Tarapacá and Argentina, which it changed in 1907 to Anglo-South American Bank. 
History.
A partnership led by John Thomas North, a prominent British investor, became interested in Chile’s expanding nitrate industry, and founded the Bank of Tarapacá and London in 1888; Chile had annexed the Peruvian Province of Tarapacá in 1883, at the conclusion of the War of the Pacific. Later, the bank added the coffee and cocoa business to its interests. A part of the vast financial network supporting the British Empire, it was an overseas bank with its head office in London, and the bulk of its operations abroad. 
By the turn of the century, the bank was looking for opportunities outside Chile. It was interested in Buenos Aires, but four British banks were already there, which meant that a new entrant would have difficulty breaking into the market. The Bank of Tarapaca and London therefore decided that it would buy the smallest of the British banks, the Anglo-Argentine Bank, which had been established in 1889 and which had a branch in Buenos Aires and another in Montevideo, Uruguay. The Bank of Tarapacá and Argentina carved out a niche in business with Belgium, cooperating with Belgian banks and securing accounts from Belgian firms. It also had a branch in Germany and gained an account at the Bank of England. 
In 1910, the Bank acquired a minority stake in Commercial Bank of Spanish America, acquiring control in 1917, but operating it separately. The Commercial Bank traced its ancestry through the Cortés Commercial and Banking Company back to Banco de Nicaragua, founded in Managua in 1888. The Banco de Nicaragua was engaged in financing the coffee trade. The bank registered in England in 1893, changing its name to London Bank of Central America. In 1891, Banco Particular de El Salvador (est. 1885 in El Salvador), merged with the branch there of London Bank of Central America under the name Banco Salvadoreño; today, this bank is HSBC El Salvador, SA, part of the HSBC group. In 1904 the London Bank of Central America merged with the firm of Enrique Cortés and Company and became the Cortés Commercial and Banking Company. Eventually, in 1911, the Board of Directors changed the name to the Commercial Bank of Spanish America.
Its landmark Argentine headquarters, in the heart of the Buenos Aires financial district, was designed by British architects Paul Bell Chambers and Louis Newbery Thomas in 1912. The ornate building, designed in the Academic style that characterized numerous Argentine bank buildings at the time, was completed in 1920, and is known as the "Palacio de la Reconquista" for its 46 Reconquista Street address.
World War I hurt the Commercial Bank, leading many of its shareholders to sell a majority of the shares to the Anglo-South American. With the acquisition, the Bank now controlled branches in Argentina (in Buenos Aires, Mendoza, and Bahía Blanca), Bolivia, Central America, Colombia, Cuba, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Uruguay, and Venezuela. In 1926, the Bank took over the Commercial Bank's branches in Central America, Colombia, Ecuador, and Venezuela. 
In 1920 the Bank took over the British Bank of South America, and 60 per cent of the shares of a private banking firm, Banco de A. Edwards y Cía., in Chile. The British Bank of South America traced its origins back to 1862, when it began as the Brazilian and Portuguese Bank. It changed its name in 1866 to the English Bank of Rio de Janeiro. In 1891, its directors sold the bank to local investors and used the proceeds to found a new bank, the British Bank of South America. It conducted operations in Brazil and Argentina, where it had branches in Buenos Aires and Rosario. Agustín Edwards Ossandón had founded Banco de A. Edwards y Cía in 1867; it issued banknotes in Chilean pesos and also pounds sterling.
In the late 1920s and early 1930s the development of synthetic nitrates and the Great Depression harmed business for the Anglo-South American. In 1936, the Anglo-South American went into liquidation. Its chief rival, the Bank of London and South America (BOLSA) then took over many of its operations. Banco A. Edwards, for instance, continued as a BOLSA subsidiary, and was acquired by Midland Bank in 1987; these were, in turn, acquired by HSBC Bank Argentina in 1997, and Edwards' Chilean operations (its last by that name) were merged into Banco de Chile in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21423812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423812" title="Oliver Poole (journalist)">
Oliver Poole (journalist)

Oliver Poole is a British journalist and author who has had articles published by The Independent, The Guardian, BBC News and The Observer. He has also published two books detailing his experiences of the war in Iraq; "Black Knights: On the Bloody Road to Baghdad" and "Red Zone: Five Bloody Years in Baghdad". In "Black Knights", Oliver details his experiences embedded in a US tank corps known as the Black Knights as they spearheaded the push into Baghdad in spring 2003. Following on from this experience, "Red Zone" provides an account of daily life for Iraqis, as well as the British and American soldiers sent to Iraq. It’s also the story of Ahmed Ali, tourist guide turned Telegraph interpreter, a job that made him an insurgent target.
External links.
Reportage Press

</doc>
<doc id="21423814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423814" title="Tom Simpson (footballer)">
Tom Simpson (footballer)

Thomas "Tom" Simpson (born 1880; date of death unknown) was a footballer who played as a forward for Stoke, Burslem Port Vale, and Bury in the early 1900s.
Playing career.
Simpson played for Cross Heath and Stoke, before joining nearby Burslem Port Vale in August 1901. He played six Second Division matches in the 1901–02 season and played 11 league games in the 1902–03 season. He scored his first goal in the Football League in a 3–1 win over Burnley at the Athletic Ground on 30 March 1903. He went on to score 15 goals in 30 league and FA Cup games in the 1903–04 campaign, including strikes against both Woolwich Arsenal and Manchester United. He scored four goals in ten league games in the 1904–05 season, and also claimed a hat-trick against Stoke in the Birmingham Senior Cup. He was sold to Bury for a £200 fee in December 1904. The "Shakers" posted 17th place finishes in the First Division in 1904–05 and 1905–06, with Simpson contributing eight goals in 20 league games at Gigg Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="21423823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423823" title="Dame Diouf">
Dame Diouf

Dame Diouf (born 31 March 1978) is a Senegalese retired footballer, who aside from three seasons with Hannover 96, spent his entire career in the lower leagues of German football.
Career.
He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with Hannover 96. 
Personal life.
He is the older brother of El Hadji Diouf.

</doc>
<doc id="21423837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423837" title="Myrl Goodwin">
Myrl Goodwin

Myrl Goodwin (January 21, 1901 - February 14, 1979) was a professional football player from Paducah, Texas. After going to high school in Colorado, Goodwin attended Bucknell University and West Texas A&M University. Goodwin made his National Football League debut in 1928 with the Pottsville Maroons. He would go onto play three games for the Maroons. He played both college and professional football with his twin brother, Earl by his side.

</doc>
<doc id="21423875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423875" title="Lisa Daniels">
Lisa Daniels

Lisa Daniels may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21423928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423928" title="List of Buffalo Bills starting quarterbacks">
List of Buffalo Bills starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for Professional Football's Buffalo Bills. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the team.
Starting quarterbacks.
List of all Buffalo Bills starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:
Most Games as Starting Quarterback.
These quarterbacks have the most starts for the Bills in regular season games.

</doc>
<doc id="21423931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423931" title="Alberta Classic">
Alberta Classic

The Alberta Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2003 to 2005. It was played in the Calgary, Alberta, Canada area. In 2003, it was played at The Links of Glen Eagles in Cochrane. In 2004 and 2005, it was played at the Redwood Meadows Golf and Country Club near Bragg Creek.
The purse each year was US$450,000, with $81,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
Alberta Classic
Alberta Calgary Classic

</doc>
<doc id="21423932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423932" title="Eileen S. Naughton">
Eileen S. Naughton

Eileen Slattery Naughton, is an American consultant and politician from Warwick, Rhode Island. A Democrat, she serves in the Rhode Island House of Representatives, representing the 21st district, which contains the neighborhoods of Conimicut, Hoxsie, and parts of Hillsgrove, including the T.F. Green Airport. She was first elected to the House of Representatives November 3, 1992 and was most recently reelected on November 6, 2012 for an eleventh term.
Biography.
Eileen S. Naughton was born in Providence, Rhode Island on 29 December 1945. She attended St. Mary Academy - Bay View in the Riverside neighborhood of East Providence, Rhode Island before attending Annhurst College in South Woodstock, Connecticut graduating with a BA degree in 1967. She earned a law degree from the Southern New England School of Law. Naughton has been active in her community in various capacities, serving on the Board of Directors for: Warwick Chamber of Commerce, the Warwick Historical Society, the Warwick Arts Foundation, the Gaspee Days Committee, the Conimicut Village Association, the Ocean State Lyric Opera, TechACCESS, and the Ocean State Business Development Corporation. Naughton and her husband William C. Naughton reside in the Conimicut neighborhood of Warwick at the historic "Lockwood Brook Farm", where they raise heritage breed livestock and poultry. She has two children, Christine and William, and six grandchildren.
Politics and public service.
Naughton was first elected to the House of Representatives 2 November 1992 from District 32, defeating incumbent Michael McEntee in the Democratic primary and Republican Arthur F. Chapman by a margin of 73% to 27% in the general election. Upon downsizing of the House of Representatives from 100 to 75 members in the 2002 election, Naughton ran unopposed and was elected to the 21st District. Naughton was most recently reelected on 2 November 2010 defeating Moderate Party challenger Richard L. Lavallee by a margin of 62.1% to 37.9%, winning in all seven of her precincts.
Beginning in January 1993, Naughton served on the Judiciary committee with a four-year tenure on that committee. She has been serving on the Finance Committee since 1997, and was selected to serve as the chairperson of the Subcommittee on Health and the Environment in 2005. Additionally in 2005, she was selected as a Council of State Governments "Henry Toll Fellow", and was appointed as chairperson of the Rules Committee.
In addition to being a long-standing member of the Environment & Natural Resources Committee, Naughton has served on a number of committees and commissions focusing on natural resources and environmental issues. Between 1997 and 2004, she was appointed to serve as a Legislative Commissioner on the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission, and as a member of the Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council. She served as chairperson of the Legislative Commission on Aquaculture Development (1995–1998), chairperson of the Legislative Commission to Develop and Coordinate a Collaborative Effort to Formulate a Restoration Plan for the "North Cape" Barge Oil Spill (1999), and chairperson of the Narragansett Bay Trust Study Commission (2003–2004).
She also has served on the Rhode Island Commission on Women, the RI Agricultural Lands Preservation Commission and the RI Economic Policy Council.
Naughton has also engaged in health care policy issues, serving since 2006 as chairperson of a legislative commission to study blood banking of umbilical cord blood in support of adult stem cell research. Since 2008, she has been engaged in national health care policy issues by serving on the Director's Council of Public Representatives for the National Institutes of Health.
During the 2009-10 session of the Rhode Island House of Representatives she serves as the Chairperson of the Rules Committee, Chairperson of the Health and Environment Subcommittee of the Finance Committee, as well as serving on the Environment and Natural Resources, and Labor Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="21423935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423935" title="Johan Nyström">
Johan Nyström

Johan Nyström may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21423961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21423961" title="Guido Gorges">
Guido Gorges

Guido Gorges (born 8 June 1973) is a retired German football player. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with TSV 1860 München and Hannover 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21424001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424001" title="James C. Willson">
James C. Willson

James Caldwell Willson was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
On April 28, 1833, Willson was born in Fitzroy, Ontario. Going to New York, he attended a district school and taught for a year. Moving on to Olean, New York, he was involved in making daguerreotypes. In the fall of 1855, Willson move to Ann Arbor to study at the University of Michigan medical department. In 1957, he started practicing medicine in the office of Dr. R. D. Lamond in Flint. Returning in 1858 to the University, Willson graduated in 1859 with a Doctor of Medicine degree. Back in Flint, he joined his cousin's, Dr. George B. Willson, practice. He serve as a Union Army major in the American Civil War. In 1861, he was a surgeon to the Tenth Michigan Infantry. Willson was transfer to the Eight Michigan Infantry. He was honorable discharged in March 1863 because of ill health. On May 18, 1865, he married Rhoda Crapo, daughter of Governor Henry H. Crapo. That same year, he was sent to Washington, D.C. as the appointed Michigan military agent. Willson joined and was active in two Civil War organizations: the Grand Army of the Republic and the Loyal Legion. On the death of Henry Crapo, the Willson move into the Crapo Mansion in Flint at First and Clifford (now Wallenberg Street) Avenues, now known as Willson Park and part of the University of Michigan–Flint Campus.
Political life.
He was elected as the twentieth mayor of the City of Flint in 1879 serving a 1-year term. Additional, from 1881 to 1884, Willson served on the City of Flint School Board. As a trustee for the Michigan School for the Deaf, Willson served a six-year term.
Post-political life.
Willson became involved in businesses serving as Flint Gas Company's and Genesee County Savings Bank's president. His wife died on May 8, 1907 and buried in Gleenwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21424012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424012" title="Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2011">
Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2011

The Louisiana gubernatorial election of 2011 was held on October 22 with 10 candidates competing in a nonpartisan blanket primary. The incumbent, Bobby Jindal, was elected to a second term as governor of Louisiana. Since he received an outright majority of the vote in the blanket primary, a runoff election that would have occurred on November 19 was unnecessary.
Background.
Elections in Louisiana, with the exception of U.S. presidential elections (and congressional races beginning in 2008 and ending after the 2010 midterm election), follow a variation of the open primary system called the jungle primary. Candidates of any and all parties are listed on one ballot; voters need not limit themselves to the candidates of one party. Unless one candidate takes more than 50% of the vote in the first round, a run-off election is then held between the top two candidates, who may in fact be members of the same party. This scenario occurred in the 7th District congressional race in 1996, when Democrats Chris John and Hunter Lundy made the runoff for the open seat, and in 1999, when Republicans Suzanne Haik Terrell and Woody Jenkins made the runoff for Commissioner of Elections.
Candidates.
On December 10, 2008, Jindal indicated that he would not run for president in 2012, saying he would focus on his reelection and that this would make transitioning to a national campaign difficult, though he later attempted to leave himself the opportunity to change his mind in the future.
Minister Dan Northcutt (I) was the only declared challenger to Jindal, but has since dropped out of the race. On October 22, Caroline Fayard's name surfaced on talk-radio program "Think Tank with Garland Robinette", as a potential competitor for Jindal in his reelection campaign. The discussants cited Jindal's high approval ratings and already in-the-bank $7 million campaign fund as unapproachable assets for Democrats other than Fayard, who at the time of the program was seeking the office of lieutenant governor in a special election runoff against Republican secretary of state Jay Dardenne.

</doc>
<doc id="21424019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424019" title="Charity Commission for Northern Ireland">
Charity Commission for Northern Ireland

The Charity Commission for Northern Ireland is the new independent regulator of Northern Ireland charities.
Aims of the Commission.
The stated vision of the Commission is for "a dynamic and well governed charities sector in which the public has confidence, underpinned by the Charity Commission for Northern Ireland's effective delivery of its regulatory and advisory role".
The values of the Commission are:
Status.
The Commission is a non-departmental public body, supported by the Department for Social Development. Its main role is to register and regulate the estimated 7,000-10,000 charities working within Northern Ireland. The Charities Act (NI) 2008 created the Charity Commission and the same Act sets out its powers.
The regulation and registration of charities in Northern Ireland will bring the region into line with other parts of the United Kingdom. The Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator (OSCR) and the Charity Commission for England and Wales (CCEW) operate similarly in their respective jurisdictions.
The registration process for charities was suspended in 2010, as the Charities Act (NI) 2008 needed to be amended to clarify the "public benefit" test.
This was resolved in January 2013, following which a consultation was announced prior to commencing registration on 16 December 2013. 
In the meantime, the Commission was already able to exercise its power to investigate the affairs of charities when abuse or harm is suspected.
Investigations.
The Charity Commission has looked into numerous charities since the commencement of investigatory powers in February 2011. The investigations have concerned a wide spectrum of charities. Many of these investigations have been closed with recommendations being made on simple good governance issues, while other cases are more serious in nature and investigations remain live.
Chief Executive and Board.
The first Chief Executive of the Commission is Frances McCandless who was appointed to the post in April 2010. Frances McCandless has had an influential career in the voluntary and community sector, particularly with the Northern Ireland Council for Voluntary Action (NICVA) as Director of Policy.
Tom McGrath CBE is Chief Charity Commissioner with a five-year term of office. Tom has worked as Regional Director for Marsh Ltd. for 34 years. He was previously Chair of the NI Tourist Board, the NI Business Education Trust and the George Best Memorial Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="21424020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424020" title="Hack Spencer">
Hack Spencer

Fred Calvin (Hack) Spencer (April 25, 1885 – February 5, 1969) was an American professional baseball player. Spencer played for the St. Louis Browns in the 1912 season. In one career game, he pitched in 1.7 innings and gave up two hits and two runs. He batted and threw right-handed.
Spencer was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota, and died in St. Anthony, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="21424039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424039" title="Ernest Mullineux">
Ernest Mullineux

Ernest Mullineux (1879 – 23 August 1960) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale, Bury and Stoke. He also helped Stoke to win two minor league titles in 1909–10 and 1910–11. A right-back, he made 333 league and FA Cup appearances in a 14-year career. He also later played for Wellington Town.
Playing career.
Burslem Port Vale.
Mullineux started off with Burslem Park, before joining Burslem Port Vale in May 1900. He featured in one Second Division game in the 1900–01 season, and then went on to play all 34 league and five FA Cup matches in the 1901–02 season. He again played all 34 games in the 1902–03 campaign, and claimed a goal in a 5–1 defeat to Preston North End at Deepdale on 28 February. He made 40 appearances in the 1903–04 season, missing just one league game, and scored in a 5–0 win over Blackpool at the Athletic Ground on 12 March. He played 13 league games in the 1904–05 season, before the club's grim financial situation meant that he was sold to Bury for a £600 fee in December 1904.
Bury.
The "Shakers" finished 17th in the First Division in the 1904–05 season, with Mullineux making ten appearances. He went on to play eleven games in the 1905–06 season, as Bury finished one point above the relegation zone. He featured just once at Gigg Lane in the first half of the 1906–07 campaign.
Stoke.
Mullineux signed for Stoke in January 1907. Mullineux became a regular in the side at a time when Stoke were having a financial meltdown which lead to the club entering into liquidation in 1908. As a result Stoke left the Football League and thus many of their players left the club. However Mullineux stayed at the Victoria Ground, and played for Stoke in the Birmingham & District League and the Southern League and went on to make 184 appearances for the "Potters" in all competitions. During this time, Stoke won the Southern League Division Two A in 1909–10 and the Birmingham & District League in 1910–11. After leaving Stoke in 1914, he went on to join Wellington Town.

</doc>
<doc id="21424056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424056" title="Minos Volanakis">
Minos Volanakis

Minos Volonakis (; 1925 or 1926, Athens – 15 November 1999, Athens) was a Greek theatre director and translator.
He studied with Karolos Koun, for whom he translated American plays into Greek, and first made his name for his translations of the dramas of his friend Jean Genet, as well as for productions of Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot" and Aristophanes' "Lysistrata" at the Athens Festival. In protest against the government, he left Greece in 1966 for England, where he became an associate director at the Oxford Playhouse. His productions there included Genet's "The Maids" (1963-4) and "The Balcony" (1967), and Jean Giraudoux's "Madwoman of Chaillot". 
He provided the translation into English of Euripides' "Iphigeneia at Aulis" for a production at the Circle in the Square Theatre in New York in 1967, which Michael Cacoyannis directed. He directed a production of Euripides' "The Bacchae" at the Lyceum Theater in New York in 1968 and the US première of Genet's "The Screens" in 1971. In 1973 he directed Euripides' "Medea" at the Circle in the Square Theatre in New York, which opened on January 17.
From 1975 to 1978 he was the general manager of the Northern State Theater in Greece. In 1984 he directed a production of Sophocles' "Oedipus the King" for the National Theatre of Greece, which subsequently transferred to the Vivian Beaumont Theater on Broadway (opening on July 17 of that year).

</doc>
<doc id="21424069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424069" title="Daniel Candeias">
Daniel Candeias

Daniel João Santos Candeias (born 25 February 1988), is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica as a winger.
Club career.
Born in Fornos de Algodres, Guarda, Candeias started his professional career with F.C. Porto in the 2008–09 season, after emerging through the club's youth ranks and having served a loan at Varzim Sport Club in the second division. He made his official debut in late August, in the 0–2 Portuguese Supercup defeat to Sporting Clube de Portugal.
After having appeared scarcely throughout his first year (also playing ten minutes in the 0–4 loss against Arsenal in the season's UEFA Champions League), Candeias was loaned in late January to league strugglers Rio Ave FC, until the end of the campaign. For 2009–10 another loan ensued, as he moved to Recreativo de Huelva in the Spanish second level. 
However, after a few months of irregular use, Candeias returned to his country in late January 2010, in the same predicament, joining F.C. Paços de Ferreira: his first match for his new club was a 1–2 home loss against G.D. Chaves, for the quarterfinals of the domestic cup.
Candeias was released by Porto in June 2010, signing shortly after with fellow top-divisioner C.D. Nacional. He was immediately loaned to Portimonense SC, appearing regularly as a starter but suffering top flight relegation.
International career.
After having made his Porto debut in 2008, Candeias was soon called up to the Portuguese under-21s.

</doc>
<doc id="21424076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424076" title="Paul Speraw">
Paul Speraw

Paul Bachman (Polly) Speraw (October 5, 1893 to February 22, 1962) was a Major League Baseball third-baseman. Speraw played for the St. Louis Browns in the 1920 season. In one career game, he had no hits in two at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Speraw was born in Annville, Pennsylvania, and died in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="21424092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424092" title="Growth elasticity of poverty">
Growth elasticity of poverty

Growth elasticity of poverty (GEP) is the percentage reduction in poverty rates associated with a percentage change in mean (per capita) income.
Mathematically;
where PR is a poverty measure and "y" is per capita income. Generally, increases in per capita income tend to decrease the poverty rate, hence the elasticity is positive.
Standard estimates of GEP for developing countries range from 1.5 to 5, with an average estimate of around 3. This implies that a 1% increase in per capita income is associated with a 3% decrease in the poverty rate (proportion of people living on less than $1 per day). This implies that economic growth is fundamental to reducing poverty rates, particularly in low income countries.
However, the GEP also depends on other variables, among them the initial level of income inequality. Countries with a more equal distribution of income (as measured for example by the Gini index) experience a greater reduction in the poverty rate for a given increase in per capita income. The GEP ranges from slightly less than 1 for very unequal countries, to as high as 6 for very equal countries. This suggests that in poor countries that also have a very unequal distribution of income, economic reforms aimed at reducing inequality may be a prerequisite for pro-growth policies to make a substantial impact on poverty levels. On the other hand, for poor countries which already have an equitable distribution of income, pro growth policies should be the main poverty fighting tools (even if they increase inequality).

</doc>
<doc id="21424103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424103" title="HSS Hire">
HSS Hire

HSS Hire Service Group Limited is a supplier of tool and equipment hire in the UK and Ireland, as well as being a logistical and technical partner to businesses of all sizes. Operating under the banner of HSS Hire, the Group has a network of over 250 outlets. HSS Hire originated in Kensington, west London in 1957. Today it employs over 2,300 workers and has a fleet of over 800 vehicles.
History.
The company was founded in 1957, by Bert Taylor on Baron’s Court Road, Kensington. Initially known as “The Hire Service Company”, the shop focused on tool and equipment hire.
Bert Taylor opened a further 5 shops during the 1960s across the West Central London area, and towards the end of the 1960s, The Hire Service Company was acquired by scaffolding conglomerate SGB, who owned 8 tool rental shops under the name “Hire Shops Ltd”. These company names were merged to create “Hire Service Shops Limited” or “HSS Hire” for short.
1970s.
The 1970s saw further expansion of the company across the central and northern parts of the United Kingdom. The first branch opened outside of London was in Birmingham, West Midlands. There was also the first branch opened in Wales, in Cardiff.
1980s.
Throughout the 1980s, specialist divisions of the company were introduced with the launch of HSS Event Hire and HSS Lift & Shift as separate business units.
1990s.
In 1991, the first Irish branch was opened in Albertbridge Road, Belfast. Shortly after, HSS were acquired by The Davis Service Group Plc. The remainder of the 1990s saw international expansion with growth gained through global franchise agreements.
2000.
In 2003, the Davis Service Group, owners of HSS Hire, announced the sale of the company by means of a management buy-in, backed by 3i venture capital. The sale was completed in early 2004 and HSS Hire Group became an independent organisation.
Throughout 2004, to enable the company to concentrate on its core tool and equipment hire in the UK, the Event Hire division was sold to Johnson’s Hospitality Services and the German operation to Dutch company Pierre Boels. A new retail partnership was also signed with Dulux Decorator Centres, and the first major acquisition since the change of ownership took place with the purchase of A1 Hire and Sales in Bournemouth.
HSS were awarded the Safe-HIRE quality mark by the Hire Association Europe (HAE), in 2006 they were awarded with the HAE's ‘Hire Company of the Year’ award. In the same year the training solutions division secured accreditation for one of its courses from City and Guilds.
In 2007, after 3 years of investment, 3i sold HSS Hire to Och-Ziff Capital Management and Aurigo, the investment vehicle headed by ex-Asda CEO Archie Norman.
2012.
October 26, 2012, private equity firm Exponent, buy the HSS Hire Service Group with a view to expand operations.
Minimum wage accusations.
In June 2014, HSS Hire Service Group Ltd. was found to have paid several workers below the legal minimum wage.
The company acknowledged that 15 employees were underpaid by a total of £149 in October 2013 but attributed this to an administrative error that had been quickly and proactively rectified. They confirmed a commitment to paying all colleagues fairly and legally and to investing in people and were reported to be 'outraged' at the accusation that they hadn't complied with minimum wage legislation.
Business structure.
Key UK services of HSS Hire Service Group:
HSS Hire won the Large Rental Company of the Year 2011 award at the European Rental Awards in Amsterdam.
The company holds a 4* British Safety Award. In addition, HSS are ISO9000:20, ISO 14001, Safe-Hire accredited and holders of Investors in People status. HSS Hire also work with the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (ROSPA) and the government's Health & Safety Executive to promote safety in the hire industry.
HSS Hire have also contributed to community support efforts, with youth training schemes set up for disadvantaged youths in London.
Network.
The tool hire market comprises customer sectors ranging from the occasional DIY user to the largest national construction companies. In between falls just about every other industrial group, public sector organisation and specialist trade contractor. HSS is a logistical and technical partner to businesses of all sizes. It has a 250-strong network of Supercentres, hire centres and agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="21424110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424110" title="Kate Aumonier">
Kate Aumonier

Kate Aumonier is a London based singer-songwriter born in Sussex, England. Her debut album was released in 2004 entitled 'Here I am'.
Biography.
As a former drama school student, she was talent spotted by veteran UK producer Glyn Johns, a friend of Aumonier's father at the age of 17. Johns was most impressed by her vocal talents and recommended that she travel to Los Angeles and team up with his son Ethan, also a well known producer. Johns found Aumonier session work on Emmylou Harris and Linda Ronstadt’s Grammy-nominated duo album, . In 2000, Aumonier returned to the UK where she began a residency at "The Kashmire Klub", one of London's up-and-coming venues. She opened for A-ha at the Royal Albert Hall and toured the country. Aumonier then teamed up with fellow songwriter Tim Lind and began on writing material for a planned solo project. This later moved closer to fruition when she signed a recording contract with the "When!" offshoot of Sanctuary Records. The four-track Fall From Grace EP was released at the end of 2003 and overall attracted good reviews with attention being paid to her raw vocal talent and her ability to craft sumptuous, melodic pop rock songs. All of the tracks from the EP were included on her debut album "Here I Am", which was released in July 2004. In 2005 she got a slot on Sunday at the Isle of Wight Festival.
Aumonier is currently singing with Ben Parker in a group called Chains.

</doc>
<doc id="21424114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424114" title="Oklahoma Central Railroad">
Oklahoma Central Railroad

Oklahoma Central Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21424134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424134" title="Kingswood Secondary Academy">
Kingswood Secondary Academy

Kingswood Secondary Academy (formerly The Kingswood School) is coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Corby, Northamptonshire, England.
History.
The school was established as a grammar school in 1965 with 150 students. The school now has over 1,200 students operating on the new school site. Many changes have taken place in the past two years with the introduction of a new school uniform, vertical tutoring, a brand new building with state of the art facilities. The film was the subject of a BBC documentary produced by Richard Denton in 1984, together with a sister documentary on a public school Radley College.
The Kingswood School was designated a Specialist Arts College in September 2004 after grades were excelling in subjects related to the performing arts. (Dance, Drama, Art, Music and Media Studies)
In 2008 Kingswood saw its highest GCSE pass rate at 54%.
The school used to operate on two sites; the Upper School site, which was for students between the ages of 11-16, and the Lower School, which was once Our Lady and Pope John Catholic Secondary School. The school was taken over by Kingswood in 2004 and its students were then mixed with The Kingswood School's pupils. The Lower School site was then used as a sixth form centre. The disused Our Lady and Pope John site underwent demolition from November 2012, following an arson attack on the site in August 2012. The School is now on one site in the new building.
The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2013 and was renamed Kingswood Secondary Academy.
The School Day.
The school day officially starts at 8:40am with lessons also starting then. Every student has 5 lessons, each of which lasting 1 hour. This excludes sixth formers with free periods in which extra study is carried out in the school library. At 10:40am the students will either go to their allocated form room or attend an assembly, depending on the students house, the day on which the assembly is held will change. The students receive two 30 minute lunches during the day, one after their second lesson and then another after their fourth. The day then finishes at 3:00pm unless the student partakes in an extracurricular activity.

</doc>
<doc id="21424148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424148" title="NCUA Corporate Stabilization Program">
NCUA Corporate Stabilization Program

The NCUA Corporate Stabilization Program was created on January 28, 2009, in response to investment losses incurred at U.S. Central Credit Union, which is the Corporate Credit Unions' corporate credit union. 
The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) is an autonomous agency of the United States federal government, and is responsible for regulating and insuring all federally insured credit unions in the United States.
The NCUA's plan calls for all federally insured natural-person credit unions in the U.S. to pay an increased insurance premium to the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) in 2009 to make up for the investment losses at U.S. Central, to which the NCUSIF has written a $1 billion capital note. However, NCUA has provided no assurances that the capital losses of the corporate credit unions to be covered through the planned assessment in 2009 will be adequate to cover eventual bad debt losses.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="21424155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424155" title="Louis Hudson">
Louis Hudson

Louis Henry Dewey Hudson (May 16, 1898 – June 24, 1975) was a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
In 1928 he was a member of the University of Toronto Grads, the Canadian team which won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="21424163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424163" title="Vern Spencer">
Vern Spencer

Vernon Murray "Vern" Spencer (February 4, 1894 – June 3, 1971) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Spencer played for the New York Giants in the season. In 45 career games, he had 28 hits in 140 at-bats. He batted left and threw right-handed. 
Spencer was born and died in Wixom, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21424165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424165" title="Carsten Linke">
Carsten Linke

Carsten Linke (born 19 September 1965 in Bad Zwischenahn, Lower Saxony) is a retired German football player. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Hannover 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21424211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424211" title="Alfaroa manningii">
Alfaroa manningii

Alfaroa manningii, or gavilán colorado, is a valued lumber tree of the Walnut family endemic to the premontane Costa Rican Rain Forest. The specific epithet honors the American botanist Wayne Eyer Manning(1899–2004).
Description.
"A. manningii" grows to 24 m tall, with a DBH up to 0.9 m, and small to medium large buttress roots. The bark is reddish brown externally, and yellow orange internally. The sapwood is white, the heartwood pink.
The opposite pinnately compound leaves bear eight to twelve (rarely six to eighteen) opposite leaflets. The petiole of the leaf is 5–9 cm long, and the petioles of the leaflets are 2–5 mm long. The entire leaf may be up to 3 m long. (The first two leaves on a seedling are simple, and are followed by several alternate compound leaves.)
The upright female inflorescence is born terminally on the current year's growth, containing 40 to 50 blossoms. The male inflorescence is a catkin, up to 18 cm in length; it may grow alone from the current or previous year's growth, in a panicle of up to six paired catkins, or rarely at the base of an androgynous panicle, which ends in the female inflorescence.
The sessile male flower has a scent reminiscent of gardenias. The pollen grains have a diameter of 22 micrometres. The female flower is pedicellate.
The fruit is broadly ovate nut, 3.5 cm in diameter and 3.0 cm long. The hard shell is deeply furrowed, with eight to twelve sharp longitudinal ribs running from the tip to the equator.
"A. manningii" is distinguished from the similar "A. guanacastensis" by its generally larger leaves (both longer petioles and more leaflets) and large fruits with a thick, heavily corrugated glabrous shell. ("A. guanacastensis" fruits are hirtellous, longer than they are wide, and have a cartelligenous shell, less than 1 mm thick.)
Distribution.
"A. manningii" is only known from a small area in Costa Rica near Rio Platanillo in the northeastern province of Cartago. It often grows together with "Oreomunnea pterocarpa" (gavilán bianco).

</doc>
<doc id="21424213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424213" title="Harry Dayhoff">
Harry Dayhoff

Harry Oscar Dayhoff (May 25, 1896 - July 1982) was a professional football player from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. He attended Bucknell University and later made his professional debut in the National Football League with the Frankford Yellow Jackets in 1924. In 1925 he played for the Pottsville Maroons and won the 1925 Championship with the team before the title was stripped from the team due to a disputed rules violation.

</doc>
<doc id="21424218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424218" title="Peter Randall (GM)">
Peter Randall (GM)

Peter John Randall MBE GM (20 August 1930 – 23 April 2007), was an English recipient of the George Medal, and the RSPCA's Margaret Wheatley Cross, for his action on 8 October 1954 where he saved the life of a fellow soldier and a military dog from a burning truck.
Early life.
Peter Randall was born on 20 August 1930. His father had served with the Royal Navy in World War I and would go on to serve in World War II, receiving a US President's medal for rescuing American airmen while at sea. Peter left school at the age of 14, trying various jobs before joining the British Army at 16.
Military service.
He was first assigned to the Royal Sussex Regiment as a clarinet bandsman. He switched to the 4th Queen's Own Hussars before moving to the Royal Army Veterinary Corps following his marriage. While based at Hemel Hempstead with the Veterinary Corps, he aided in training the horses for the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
Peter was posted to British East Africa (now Kenya) as a Corporal in charge of a dog unit during the Mau Mau Uprising. On 8 October 1954, while en route to Thompson Falls (now Nyahururu) in a truck with ten men of the King's African Rifles, the vehicle hit a pothole in the road and flipped over. Sitting upfront, both Randall and the driver were covered in fuel and set alight. The soldiers in the back of the truck managed to scramble free, but Randall on leaving the cab saw that the driver was unconscious and re-entered the front of the truck to drag him to safety. Once the driver came around, Peter realized that a dog was chained up inside the burning truck. Removing his clothes, he went back into the truck once again and released the animal.
He was taken to a British Military hospital in Nairobi, where he underwent several operations. Plastic boots were placed on his burned feet and steel pins inserted through his knees so that they could be supported by scaffolding placed around his bed. Once he was flown back to Britain, and still bedridden, he received a letter from General Sir George Erskine awarding him the George Medal for rescuing the truck driver. The following month, he was notified by the RSPCA were to present him with the Margaret Wheatley Cross for rescuing the dog from the burning truck. The investiture of the George Medal with Queen Elizabeth II took place on 6 December 1955, he was the only member of Royal Army Veterinary Corps to receive the medal since it was implemented in 1940.
As his injuries prevented him from being posted to hot countries, he left the Army in 1959.
Later life.
He first worked as a gamekeeper in Lincolnshire, before returning to Melton Mowbray as a shop manager. He became a school governor and Chairman of the local Chamber of Trade. As a security officer, he moved to the Isle of Wight before retiring to Groby, Leicestershire. For his work with the mentally handicapped, he was appointed MBE in 2000.
In 2004, he attended a meeting of the Malaya and Borneo Veterans' Association in Penang, Malaysia. At the time he was Chairman of the Gallantry Medallists League and of the Leicester branch of the Malaya and Borneo Veterans’ Association. He was in a traffic accident, being hit by a car. He went into a coma, and was transferred back to Britain. He never awoke from his coma and died on 23 April 2007.
Personal life.
His wife Rose died in 2006. They had a daughter and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="21424225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424225" title="Ted McDonald (footballer)">
Ted McDonald (footballer)

Edward "Ted" McDonald (1876 – October 1938) was an English footballer who played at left half for Stoke, Burslem Port Vale, Notts County, and Portsmouth.
Playing career.
McDonald played for Stoke, before joining Burslem Port Vale in July 1894. He made 19 Second Division appearances in the 1894–95 season, and scored his first senior goal on 24 December, in a 5–2 defeat to Newton Heath at the Athletic Ground. He played 30 games in the 1895–96 campaign, and scored in 4–0 home win over Rotherham Town and a 2–1 win over Newton Heath at Bank Street.
McDonald returned to Stoke in August 1896, after Vale failed to gain re-election to the Football League. He played two First Division games in the 1896–97 season, before leaving the Victoria Ground to return to Port Vale. After helping the Midland League club to lift the Staffordshire Senior Cup in 1898, he scored seven goals in 39 appearances in the 1898–99 season. He scored a hat-trick in a 4–1 victory over Luton Town on 4 March 1899. He played nine league games at the start of the 1899–1900 season, before he was sold to Notts County for a 'considerable' fee in November 1899, after Vale suffered a financial crisis. He later played for Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21424234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424234" title="Frank Brown Park">
Frank Brown Park

Frank Brown Park is a outdoor recreation facility in Panama City Beach, Florida. The park hosts various sporting events throughout the year, and has facilities available for public use.
Events.
Organizations such as the Ironman Florida Triathlon, United States Specialty Sports Association, National Softball Association, Grand Slam Baseball, United States Fastpitch Association, Independent Softball Association, World Softball League and the International Flag Football Association hold championship events at the Frank Brown facilities. 
Facilities.
The park includes nine softball fields, two tee ball fields, three soccer fields, four multi-purpose football fields, four tennis courts, two outdoor basketball courts, two shuffleboard courts, one indoor gym, one playground, one large group picnic pavilion, one Freshwater Youth Fishing pond, one festival site, one fenced dog play area, one aquatic center and of greenways and trails. 
The park has undergone over $10 million worth of expansions and renovations since 2002, including the addition of an aquatic center.
An additional $7.5 million in renovations to the park are currently being proposed by the Bay County Tourist Development Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="21424248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424248" title="Methemalbumin">
Methemalbumin

Methemalbumin is an albumin complex consisting of albumin and heme.
This complex gives brown color to plasma and occurs in hemolytic and hemorrhagic disorders.
Its presence in plasma is used to differentiate between hemorrhagic and edematous pancreatitis.
The Schumm test is used to differentiate intravascular haemolysis from extravascular haemolysis, as in haemolytic anaemias. A positive result is indicative of intravascular haemolysis.

</doc>
<doc id="21424265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424265" title="Zacheus Chase">
Zacheus Chase

Zacheus Chase was a Michigan politician.
He was elected as the mayor of the City of Flint in 1880 serving a 1-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="21424281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424281" title="Brasfield">
Brasfield

Brasfield (or Brassfield) is an English-language surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21424283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424283" title="Acumatica">
Acumatica

Acumatica, founded in 2007, develops Acumatica Cloud ERP, adaptable cloud- and browser-based enterprise resource planning software designed to improve productivity of small and medium businesses (SMBs). Acumatica is headquartered in Kirkland, Washington with a number of national and international satellite offices.
Product.
Acumatica's web-based enterprise resource planning applications are developed on top of its internally developed platform. The server software can be deployed on-premise, hosted in a datacenter, or run on a cloud computing platform. The software can be licensed or purchased as a SaaS solution. Acumatica CEO Larichev told ZDNet the company will continue to expand horizontal functionality while channel partners continue to develop vertical extensions to the product line. Acumatica sells the following suites:
Awards and recognition.
Acumatica was named to CRN’s “20 Coolest Cloud Software Vendors of the Cloud” in 2013 for “solid growth throughout 2012” and its “ability to offer ERP in a SaaS model or hosted on-premise” in a data center or the cloud. 
In March 2013, Acumatica was a finalist for the 2013 SIIA Software CODiE Awards for Best Supply Chain Management Solution. 
In 2012, Acumatica was named a Top 100 Global Finalist by Red Herring, and number 1 in the Top 20 Coolest Cloud Vendors by CRN.
Acumatica was named one of the top 50 Russian start-ups. 
According to Technology Evaluation Centers, "Old and new ERP establishments should watch out for Acumatica…Acumatica’s offerings give both new and old ERP software vendors a run for their money."
Operating environment.
Acumatica's SaaS offering runs on Windows Azure and SQL Azure. Acumatica's licensed software runs on a Microsoft Windows Server with a Microsoft SQL database. Applications run as .NET managed code.

</doc>
<doc id="21424304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424304" title="1992–93 Liverpool F.C. season">
1992–93 Liverpool F.C. season

The 1992–93 season was the 101st season in Liverpool F.C.'s existence, and their 30th consecutive year in the top-flight. Having won the FA Cup the previous season, Liverpool had qualified for the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.
New members of the side for the 1992-93 season included goalkeeper David James, Hungarian midfielder Itsvan Kozma, Danish defender Torben Piechnik and attacking midfielder Paul Stewart. The close season had seen the departure of defender Barry Venison and winger Ray Houghton. A few weeks into the season, striker Dean Saunders also headed out of Anfield to sign for Aston Villa.
As founders members of the new FA Premier League, Liverpool finished sixth – a repeat of their performance in the previous season. But they failure to make an impact in the cup competitions meant that their season ended without a trophy and left them without any European football for the 1993–94 season.
This article covers the period from 1 July 1992 to 30 June 1993.
Season events.
August.
In the last season of the original Football League First Division before the creation of the FA Premier League, Liverpool had collected their fifth FA Cup but finished sixth in the league – the first time since 1981 that they hadn't finished champions or runners-up. They had returned to European competition in the UEFA Cup and reached the quarter-finals. Their disappointment in the league could largely be put down to the fact that key players Ian Rush and John Barnes had missed many games through injury. However, Rush and Barnes were back to full fitness for the 1992–93 season, accompanied by new signing Paul Stewart from Tottenham Hotspur, who could double as a midfielder or attacker, and 21-year-old Watford goalkeeper David James who was already an England under-21 international and widely tipped to be a full international over the next few years.
The season began on 8 August, when Liverpool faced league champions Leeds United in the FA Charity Shield, and an action packed game at Wembley Stadium ended in a 4–3 defeat. Eight days later, Liverpool travelled to the City Ground to take on Nottingham Forest in their very first Premier League game, but came away 1–0 losers after a Teddy Sheringham goal. Three days later, the Reds recorded their first win, goals and points at Anfield in a 2–1 win over Sheffield United, with Mark Walters opening the goalscoring followed by Paul Stewart in the second half. However, the visit of Arsenal to Anfield four days after that brought major disappointment as the North Londoners ran out 2–0 winners. The next two games (away visits to Ipswich Town and Leeds) both ended in 2–2 draws, with 70th minute penalties from Jan Molby in both of these games.
Liverpool's first month of the new Premier League had been a major disappointment, with one win, two draws and two defeats, leaving them a lowly 16th out of 22 clubs.
September.
The second month of Liverpool's season was similar to the first – bringing one draw (at home to Southampton), one win (at home to Chelsea) and three defeats (at the hands of Sheffield United, Aston Villa and Wimbledon). They were now 19th in the league, with only goal difference keeping them out of relegation places at the end of the second month of a season in a league where they had been expected to challenge for the title, which was currently being contested by some of the most unlikely sides including Norwich City, Coventry City and Queen's Park Rangers as well as big spending Manchester United and Blackburn Rovers.
Liverpool's European adventure began on 16 September, with a 6–1 home demolition of Apollon Limassol (the Cypriot cup winners) in which Ian Rush scored four goals and Paul Stewart was on target twice in the first round first leg of the European Cup Winners' Cup. The return leg in Cyprus two weeks later saw Liverpool progress to the next stage with a 2–1 win thanks to another goal from Rush as well as another from Don Hutchison.
The Football League Cup quest began on 22 September, when Division Three Chesterfield gave the Reds a scare by drawing 4–4 with them at Anfield.
October.
Liverpool's terrible start to the season gave way to a slight improvement in October. The month began well with a 1–0 home win over Sheffield Wednesday in which Don Hutchison scored the only goal, and two weeks later only a late equaliser from Mark Hughes denied them an away win over Manchester United, forcing a 2–2 draw. The following Saturday saw an impressive 4–1 home win over surprise title challengers Norwich, but the month ended with a return to Liverpool's losing ways as they were beaten 2–0 by Tottenham at White Hart Lane, where Spurs' first goal came from a spectacular volley by Nayim.
They ended the month in 14th place in the league – an improvement on the previous month but still well short of top spot.
Any hopes that Chesterfield might have had of achieving a giant killing feat over the Reds ended at Saltergate on 6 October, when Graeme Souness's men achieved a 4–1 win to put them through to the third round. They were drawn with Sheffield United, who held them to a goalless draw at Bramall Lane on 28 October.
On the European scene, Liverpool's chances of glory in the Cup Winners' Cup took a severe blow when they were beaten 4–2 in Russia by Spartak Moscow.
November.
Liverpool saw league action just three times in London – and won on each occasions. Middlesbrough visited Anfield on 7 November, and were on the receiving end on a 4–1 defeat in which Ronny Rosenthal scored twice. Rosenthal was the only man on the scoresheet 16 days later as the Reds beat QPR 1–0 at Loftus Road. Five days later, Liverpool's surge continued when they demolished Crystal Palace 5–0 at Anfield. They had now climbed to eighth place.
The League Cup third round replay against Sheffield United at Anfield saw them run out 3–0 victors thanks to a Steve McManaman brace and a Mike Marsh penalty. However, any remaining hopes of European glory were ended on 4 November, when they suffered a 2–0 home defeat to Spartak Moscow in the second leg of the second round.
December.
Liverpool's league revival stalled in November as they won just one league matches out of four. They lost 2–1 to Everton in the Merseyside derby at Goodison Park on 7 December, though two goals from Mark Walters six days later gave them a 2–1 home win over Blackburn Rovers. Six days before Christmas, however, the Reds were on the receiving end of one of the biggest league shocks of the season as they were crushed 5–1 by Coventry at Highfield Road. Their final action of 1992 came on 28 December, when they drew 1–1 at home to Manchester City. They had now slipped to 11th place.
December also saw the end of Liverpool's attempt to win a record fifth League Cup, as they were beaten 2–1 by Crystal Palace in the fourth round replay after a 1–1 draw in the first match.
January.
1993 began with a 2–2 draw with Bolton Wanderers in the FA Cup third round at Burnden Park, with the replay at Anfield 10 days later sparking arguably the biggest cup upset of the season as the Reds lost 2–0 at home to the Division Two promotion chasers.
Liverpool fared little better in the league this month, beginning with a 2–1 home defeat to title chasers Aston Villa, followed by a 2–0 defeat at Wimbledon, before a John Barnes penalty against Arsenal at Highbury on 31 January, ensured that the month would not end winless for the Reds, who were still only 12th in the league.
February.
Liverpool's dismal form continued into February as they failed to win a single game all month, and speculation was mounting that manager Graeme Souness would soon be forced out of the club. The month began with goalless draws against Forest and Chelsea, before the Reds lost 2–1 at Southampton. A goalless draw followed at home to Ipswich, whose recent surge in form had seen them look like outsiders for the league title a season after promotion. A 1–1 draw at Sheffield Wednesday ensured that Liverpool had gone a whole month with five games but no wins. They had managed just two goals all month, both from Don Hutchison.
March.
Liverpool's action for March kicked off with a 2–1 home defeat by a Manchester United side who went top on their way to their first top division title since 1967, with left Liverpool a lowly 15th in the league and just five places and three points clear of the relegation zone. The game also saw Ian Rush score his first league goal of 1993 and only his fourth of the whole season in the league, and marked the start of a turnaround in fortunes for both player and club.
Four days later, QPR were the visitors at Anfield as Rush was the only man on the scoresheet in a 1–0 win for the hosts. Three days later, Rush was joined by Don Hutchison on the scoresheet as the Reds won 2–1 at Middlesbrough – a result which pushed the Ayresome Park club deeper into relegation trouble. 20 March, was the day of the second Merseyside derby of the season, in which Liverpool ran out 1–0 winners and Ronny Rosenthal scored the only goal of the game. The resurgence was put on hold when Liverpool's last game of the month saw the held to a 1–1 draw at relegation-threatened Crystal Palace, but Rush was on target for the fourth time in five games and his team had now lifted themselves to 10th place.
April.
April began badly for the Reds as a 4–1 defeat at Blackburn (managed by former Liverpool player and boss Kenny Dalglish) suggested that another decline was setting in and that the Reds could be sucked back into the unthinkable relegation battle. However, a week later their resurgence was resumed with Ian Rush once again the inspiration as they defeated Oldham 1–0 at Anfield. Rush was on the scoresheet yet again in the next game as they were held to a 1–1 draw by Manchester City at Maine Road. Undoubtedly the best game of the month came on 17 April, when the Reds demolished Coventry 4–0 at Anfield, with Mark Walters scoring a hat-trick and defender David Burrows scoring the other goal. The month ended with a 2–0 home win over Leeds that completed Liverpool's impressive rise from 15th place to fifth within the space of a few weeks. The relegation fear was now long gone, though it was too late for Liverpool to make a challenge for one of the two UEFA Cup places.
May.
With the pressure off the Reds as the end of the season loomed, they lost 1–0 to third placed Norwich at the beginning of the month before being beaten 3–2 by an Oldham side who were on the way to completing a survival act which was little short of miraculous. The campaign ended on 8 May, with an impressive 6–2 demolition of Tottenham with goals from Ian Rush (twice), John Barnes (twice), a penalty from Mark Walters and an own goal from Tottenham's Stuart Nethercott, to secure a sixth place finish for the second season running.

</doc>
<doc id="21424320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424320" title="Thorildsplan metro station">
Thorildsplan metro station

Thorildsplan metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Kristineberg, central Stockholm, near the park of Thorildsplan. The station was inaugurated on 26 October 1952. The distance to Slussen is 6.1 km. 

</doc>
<doc id="21424330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424330" title="Lee Johnson (art historian)">
Lee Johnson (art historian)

Professor Lee Frederick Johnson, (7 September 1924 – 6 July 2006) was an art historian and specialist in the works of the French nineteenth-century painter Eugène Delacroix.
Early life and scholarship.
Born in 1924 in London, Johnson emigrated to the USA in 1940 and served with the US Army in the Pacific. Between 1952 and 1958 he was a student at the Courtauld Institute of Art. During this period, he fortuitously discovered four unattributed Delacroix decorative paintings in the town house of François-Joseph Talma in Paris.
Publications.
In 1954 Johnson wrote a five page piece in The Burlington Magazine about the exhibitions in London and Dublin of Géricault’s "The Raft of the Medusa". This was the first of his published works. He completed his doctoral thesis in 1958 under the supervision of Anthony Blunt and this thesis was to be the basis of his first book, "Delacroix", published in 1963—the centenary of the artist’s death. By this time he had been made a lecturer at the Department of Fine Art, Toronto, where he was appointed a professor in 1973.
Exhibition Curator.
The centenary of Delacroix’s death was the occasion of a 1962–63 exhibition at the Art Gallery of Toronto (renamed in 1966 as the Art Gallery of Ontario) which Johnson curated and catalogued. The director of the gallery noted in the preface that the catalogue contained a “considerable amount of material which not only appears for the first time but also corrects previous errors”. He went on to curate and catalogue the Delacroix exhibition at the Edinburgh Festival of 1964 where 201 works were displayed.
The Catalogue.
Johnson’s Catalogue of the works of Delacroix is one of his most significant contributions to art scholarship. The first volume of this catalogue was released in 1981, and the final supplement was released in 2002. The entire catalogue consists of six large books, with four supplements. The catalogue was highly acclaimed, two of the volumes winning the Mitchell Prize for the History of Art.
Retirement and legacy.
After having worked extensively on Delacroix, and to a lesser degree on Géricault, Bonington and Anglo-French artistic links in the 1820s, Johnson retired in 1984. He was appointed Chevalier de la Légion d’Honneur in 2000. He had by this time written a number of scholarly books, and his writing had appeared in journals including 45 articles between 1954 and 2003 in The Burlington Magazine, as well as other articles in Apollo, The Journal of the Warburg and Courtauld Institutes, The Art Bulletin, Gazette des Beaux-Arts, Revue du Louvre, Bulletin de la Société de l'Histoire de l'Art Français and The J.Paul Getty Museum Journal. Many of these articles contained new or clarificatory information.
University of Glasgow Art Historian Ronald Pickvance, commenting on the work of Lee Johnson, said “The way we comprehend Delacroix will never be the same because of the contribution he has made.”

</doc>
<doc id="21424342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424342" title="Tallkrogen metro station">
Tallkrogen metro station

Tallkrogen metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Tallkrogen, Söderort. The station was inaugurated on 1 October 1950. The distance to Slussen is 6 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21424346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424346" title="William M. Rountree">
William M. Rountree

William Manning Rountree (1917–1995) was born in Swainsboro, Georgia. After graduating from high school in 1935 he got a job with the United States Department of the Treasury where he held various clerical and accounting positions. He later became involved with the lend-lease program.
In 1942 he transferred to the United States Department of State and was assigned to Cairo, Egypt where he helped organize World War II aid programs. This led to a long diplomatic career in which Rountree specialized in the Middle East and South Asia. During 1948 and 1949 he was assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Athens, Greece, where he helped administer U.S. aid programs to the Greek army which was fighting Communist insurgents. He later held positions in Turkey and Iran. In 1956 he became Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern, South Asian and African Affairs. In this position he helped develop U.S. policy involving the Suez crisis in November 1956 and the U.S. intervention in Lebanon in 1958. Rountree served as Ambassador to Pakistan (1959–62), Sudan (1962–65), South Africa (1965–70), and Brazil (1970–73). He retired in May 1973 and settled in Gainesville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21424362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424362" title="Svedmyra metro station">
Svedmyra metro station

Svedmyra metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Stureby, Söderort. The station was inaugurated on 9 September 1951. The distance to Slussen is 5.2 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21424372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424372" title="All-time Sporting Kansas City roster">
All-time Sporting Kansas City roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Sporting Kansas City (formerly known as Kansas City Wiz and Kansas City Wizards) since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21424381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424381" title="Steve Hovley">
Steve Hovley

Stephen Eugene Hovley (born December 18, 1944) is an American former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played from 1969-1973 for four different teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21424401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424401" title="John Wilke">
John Wilke

John Wilke (1954, White Plains, New York – May 1, 2009, Bethesda, Maryland) was an American
investigative reporter and news editor in the Washington bureau of "The Wall Street Journal" for two decades, beginning in 1989 and lasting until his death in 2009.
Wilke earned his Bachelor's degree with a double major in psychology and biology from New College in Sarasota, Florida. He earned his M.A. from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
He began his career in 1983 as an intern at "The Washington Post". He joined "BusinessWeek" as a Washington correspondent in 1984 and became a staff writer for "The Boston Globe" in 1986.
In July 1989, Wilke joined the "Wall Street Journal"'s Boston bureau, covering technology. He moved to the Washington bureau in May 1995, covering economics and the Federal Reserve Bank until December 1996, when he began covering government technology policy, the Federal Trade Commission and the United States Department of Justice.
In 2006, private fraud investigator Harry Markopolos gave extensive details about the Bernard Madoff Ponzi scheme to Wilke, who showed interest in the story. According to Markopolos, Wilke's editors did not allow him to pursue the story.
From his obituary in the "Journal": ""In recent years, specialized in articles about deals cut by members of Congress to win special appropriations, known as earmarks, for friends, supporters and business associates back home. One of his investigations helped lead to last year's indictment of then-Rep. Rick Renzi (R., Ariz.), who is accused of receiving favors from developers and copper-mining executives in return for congressional help. Another revealed the broad range of earmarks a powerful Democrat, Rep. John Murtha, used to bring federal contracts to his Pennsylvania district.""
Death.
Wilke died, aged 54, on May 1, 2009, from pancreatic cancer in Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21424402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424402" title="Stureby metro station">
Stureby metro station

Stureby metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Stureby, Söderort. The provisional station was inaugurated on 9 September 1951 and the current permanent station was inaugurated on 1 October 1953. The distance to Slussen is 5.8 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21424406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424406" title="Candace Cameron Bure">
Candace Cameron Bure

Candace Helaine Cameron Bure (born April 6, 1977) is an American actress, producer, and author. She is best known for the role of D. J. Tanner, the eldest daughter, on the television series "Full House" which she played from ages 10 to 18. She is the younger sister of actor Kirk Cameron. She was a contestant season 18 of "Dancing with the Stars", making the finals and ultimately finishing in 3rd place.
Early life.
Candace Cameron Bure was born in Panorama City, Los Angeles, California to Robert Cameron and Barbara Bausmith Cameron. She is one of four children.
Career.
Following in the footsteps of her older brother Kirk, Candace decided to pursue acting. She started in the entertainment business by appearing in a number of television commercials. Soon after, she guest starred roles on shows such as "St. Elsewhere", "Growing Pains", and "Who's the Boss?". (Among the roles for which she auditioned was the lead on "Small Wonder" which ultimately went to Tiffany Brissette.) In a 1985 episode of the sitcom "Punky Brewster", Cameron portrayed a girl named Jennifer who had been kidnapped by her father. In 1987, she had a role as the youngest sister of Eric Stoltz in the teen comedy "Some Kind of Wonderful".
She began the most prominent role of her career in 1987 on the ensemble sitcom "Full House", as Donna Jo "D.J." Tanner, the oldest daughter. The long-running series ended in 1995, and she was a member of the cast during its entire run.
While Cameron was on "Full House", she was also featured in made-for-TV movies. She starred as an abused teenager in "No One Would Tell" followed by "She Cried No" as a date raped teenager and "NightScream", a mystery. Cameron guest starred in the failed TV pilot "Real Mature" and in an episode of "Bill Nye The Science Guy" as "Candace the Science Gal". She also appeared in the Tom Hanks and Sally Field feature film "Punchline".
Cameron has hosted the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards in 1990 with Dave Coulier and David Faustino, and again in 1994 with Joey Lawrence and Marc Weiner, becoming the first person to host twice or more (followed by Whitney Houston, Rosie O'Donnell and Jack Black).
After "Full House".
After "Full House" ended in 1995, Cameron guest starred on such network hits as "Cybill" and "Boy Meets World".
After the birth of her children, she took a self-imposed hiatus from television and film to devote her time to her family and children. In the 2000s, she appeared as an interview on the retrospective "I Love the '80s" and "I Love the '80s Strikes Back". She would later co-host "50 Cutest Child Stars: All Grown Up" on the E! network, along with Keshia Knight Pulliam of "The Cosby Show" fame.
In 2006, she guest starred on the sitcom "That's So Raven". The following year, she co-starred with Randy Travis in "The Wager", and starred with Tom Arnold in the television movie "Moonlight and Mistletoe" for the Hallmark Channel in 2008. Cameron returned to a television series in 2009 and was cast in "Make It or Break It", a teenage gymnastics drama series on ABC Family, playing Summer Van Horne. The series ended in 2012.
On March 4, 2014, she was announced as one of the celebrities to compete on the season 18 of "Dancing with the Stars". Her professional partner was Mark Ballas. The couple made it to the finals and ultimately ended in third place behind Amy Purdy and Meryl Davis who took second and first place, respectively.
Books.
Cameron-Bure has written a book, "Reshaping It All: Motivation for Physical and Spiritual Fitness" (ISBN 1433669730), published in January 2011. It was a "New York Times" best seller. She wrote a second book, "Balancing It All: My Story of Juggling Priorities and Purpose" (ISBN 1433681846), published in January 2014.
Personal life.
Cameron Bure married Russian NHL hockey player Valeri Bure in 1996. They were first introduced at a charity hockey game by her "Full House" co-star Dave Coulier. Cameron Bure and her husband have three children: daughter Natasha (born 1998) and sons Lev (born 2000) and Maksim (born 2002). Candace became a Christian in her 20s; she credits her faith as the binding force in her marriage. She has revealed she suffered from bulimia nervosa in her early twenties.

</doc>
<doc id="21424416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424416" title="138th meridian west">
138th meridian west

The meridian 138° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 138th meridian west forms a great circle with the 42nd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 138th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424420" title="ABC Scorpion">
ABC Scorpion

The ABC Scorpion is a 30 hp (22 kW) two-cylinder aero engine designed by the noted British engineer Granville Bradshaw for use in light aircraft. The engine was built by ABC Motors Limited and first ran in 1921.
Survivors.
The only ANEC II ("G-EBJO") flies regularly at the Shuttleworth Collection at Old Warden and is powered by a Scorpion II.

</doc>
<doc id="21424424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424424" title="Landen's transformation">
Landen's transformation

Landen's transformation is a mapping of the parameters of an elliptic integral, which shows how the value of the integral, changes when its parameters:amplitude and modular angle changes following some dependency. As a special case, we can see when the transformation does not change the value of the integral.
For example,the incomplete elliptic integral of the first kind is 
If parameters will be φ1 and k1 then
formula_2
A comprehensive list of transformations included in the tables 21.6-2 and 21.6-3 "Mathematical Handbook for scientists and engineers" by G.A. Korn and T.M. Korn. Accordingly 21.6-3 
Where
Consider an example when the transformation does not change the value of the integral.
and formula_7 and formula_8 are replaced by their arithmetic and geometric means respectively, that is
formula_10
The transformation, may be achieved purely by integration by substitution. It is convenient to first cast the integral in an algebraic form by a substitution of formula_15, formula_16 giving
A further substitution of formula_18 gives the desired result (in the algebraic form)
This latter step is facilitated by writing the radical as
and the infinitesimal as 
so that the factor of formula_22 is easily recognized and cancelled between the two factors.
Arithmetic-geometric mean and Legendre's first integral.
If the transformation is iterated a number of times, then the parameters formula_7 and formula_8 converge very rapidly to a common value, even if they are initially of different orders of magnitude. The limiting value is called the arithmetic-geometric mean of formula_7 and formula_8, formula_27. In the limit, the integrand becomes a constant, so that integration is trivial
The integral may also be recognized as a multiple of Legendre's complete elliptic integral of the first kind. Putting formula_29
Hence, for any formula_7, the arithmetic-geometric mean and the complete elliptic integral of the first kind are related by
By performing an inverse transformation (reverse arithmetic-geometric mean iteration), that is
the relationship may be written as
which may be solved for the AGM of a pair of arbitrary arguments;

</doc>
<doc id="21424431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424431" title="Stora mossen metro station">
Stora mossen metro station

Stora Mossen metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Ulvsunda, Västerort. The station was inaugurated on 26 October 1952. The distance to Slussen is 9.0 km. 

</doc>
<doc id="21424438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424438" title="Hemoglobin, alpha 2">
Hemoglobin, alpha 2

Hemoglobin, alpha 2 also known as HBA2 is a gene that in humans codes for the alpha globin chain of hemoglobin.
Function.
The human alpha globin gene cluster located on chromosome 16 spans about 30 kb and includes seven alpha like globin genes and pseudogenes: 5'- HBZ - HBZP1 - HBM - HBAP1 - HBA2 - HBA1 - HBQ1 -3'. The HBA2 (α2) and HBA1 (α1) coding sequences are identical. These genes differ slightly over the 5' untranslated regions and the introns, but they differ significantly over the 3' untranslated regions. Two α-chains plus two-β chains constitute HbA, which in normal adult life comprises about 97% of the total hemoglobin; alpha chains combine with delta chains to constitute HbA-2, which with HbF (fetal hemoglobin) makes up the remaining 3% of adult hemoglobin. Beta thalassemias result from point mutation in a beta gene, with only a one mutation beta thalassemia minor results, and you see increased HbA-2.

</doc>
<doc id="21424441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424441" title="José Manuel Colmenero Crespo">
José Manuel Colmenero Crespo

José Manuel Colmenero Crespo, known as José Manuel (born 29 November 1973 in Gijón, Asturias), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.
Football career.
A product of hometown's Sporting de Gijón youth ranks, José Manuel was not very successful in his first stint with the club (only 11 first-team appearances in his first three seasons combined) but, after a loan spell with RCD Mallorca in the second division in the 1996–97 campaign, with promotion, he returned as a full member of the main squad, but Sporting was relegated from La Liga in his first season back.
Having attracted attention from Deportivo de La Coruña in 1999, Manuel would then begin a series of loan spells in the first and second levels, adding to this a very short experience with Germany's Hannover 96 in the Bundesliga (also on loan, alongside compatriots – in the same predicament – Fernando and Jaime).
Finally released in June 2003 he resumed his career mainly in division three, retiring well into his 30's. During this timeframe he played mainly for CD Roquetas, in the third but also in the fourth divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="21424461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424461" title="Sankt Eriksplan metro station">
Sankt Eriksplan metro station

Sankt Eriksplan metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located by Sankt Eriksplan in Vasastaden, central Stockholm. The station was inaugurated on 26 October 1952. The distance to Slussen is 4.1 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21424473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424473" title="137th meridian west">
137th meridian west

The meridian 137° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 137th meridian west forms a great circle with the 43rd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 137th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424477" title="Mu hemoglobin">
Mu hemoglobin

Mu hemoglobin is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "HBM" gene. The order of genes is: 5' - zeta - pseudozeta - mu - pseudoalpha-1 - alpha-2 - alpha-1 - theta1 - 3'.

</doc>
<doc id="21424479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424479" title="Sockenplan metro station">
Sockenplan metro station

Sockenplan metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Enskedefältet, Söderort. The station was inaugurated on 9 September 1951. The distance to Slussen is 4.6 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21424480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424480" title="Dunlough Castle">
Dunlough Castle

Dunlough Castle, standing atop the cliffs at the northern tip of the Mizen Peninsula, looks at the Atlantic Ocean from the extreme southwest point of Ireland. Founded in 1207 by Donagh O’Mahony, Dunlough is one of the oldest Norman castles in southern Ireland and an interesting example of Norman architecture and dry stone masonry.
Physical characteristics.
Dunlough Castle is a series of three fortified towers, or keeps, which stand almost invisibly upon the isthmus connecting “Three Castles Head” with the mainland. The only route of access is from the south across private farm land, and the castle appears suddenly as you cross through the hills onto the isthmus. The towers are connected by a wall spanning more than one hundred feet from the western cliffs to the shores of an apparently man-made lake. The wall is mostly fallen today; yet in places it stands approximately . At the eastern shore of the lake, a wall from the same period serves as a dam, preventing the lake's water from pouring over the cliffs into Dunmanus Bay several hundred feet below. Passage around the eastern shore of the lake is awkward; while the castle and wall block the western shore. Only a small footpath between the westernmost ruins and the cliffs allows travelers to visit the towers and the rocky cliffs beyond. As one writer has observed, "To an invading army, the cliff’s edge, the defensive wall, the lake and the sternly inaccessible approach would have made the castle appear impregnable." It is not known if Dunlough was ever attacked.
History.
At the time the first Norman soldiers and settlers arrived in Ireland in 1169, the O'Mahonys were the declining but still powerful princes of Eóganacht Raithlind, occupying approximately the area from Cork City west to Mizen Head. Their regional prominence had been diminished greatly since the MacCarthy dynasty had come south from Tipperary in the early 12th century, and faded even more rapidly as the Normans took hold of southern Ireland. Their primary Irish rivals (and allies) were the McCarthys and the O'Briens. But all these groups were militarily outclassed by the Normans who followed in the wake of King Henry II's initial invasion. 
In 1177, King Henry of England granted “the kingdom of Cork” to the Cambro-Norman knights Robert Fitz-Stephen and Milo de Cogan. De Cogan received the lands of west Cork, and began a push toward the Atlantic which drove regional families from the holdings in central Cork. The O’Mahony clan, led by their chieftain Donagh “the Migrator,” settled at the furthest point, the tip of the Mizen peninsula.
Architecture.
As an example of dry stone masonry, Dunough is unusual in that it features three towers with distinct designs, each rather smaller than the typical solitary towers of the region. Designed to fit its environment, the three keeps and the connecting wall would have been a daunting target for invading armies, though it is unknown if any ever attempted to take the castle.
Each keep is three stories high, typical of rectangular towers of its day. No turrets or parapets are present among the remaining structure. The eastern keep was probably the gate tower, though the gateway itself is today in ruins. The western tower is the largest, and was most likely the residence for most of the inhabitants. Typical of "sub-towers" found in larger Norman castles, the central keep provided additional lookout and storage, and served to reinforce the strength of the connecting wall.
Dunlough's interior design is in keeping with other early Irish castles. The presence of a spiral staircase in the eastern tower is offset by the linear staircases of the western tower, while the central tower incorporates both types of stairs. The spiral stairs of the eastern tower are today visible from the outside, due to the crumbling of the outer walls. The simple, rectangular towers of Dunlough foreshadowed the regional castles which were built in later years, many of which still stand. Plain and unornamental, these castles, many of them O'Mahony keeps, rise from the landscape along both shores of the Mizen peninsula. 
A common characteristic of the O'Mahony castles, evident at Dunlough's western keep, is the second-storey door. Usually directly above or just to the side of the first-storey entrance, the second-storey door was probably accessed by means of a removable wooden ladder. Inside, the door leads either forward to the second storey (commonly wooden) or upward through the wall to third level. The third storey at Dunlough, as at other O'Mahony castles, is a stone floor which served as the banquet and gathering hall. This was a common feature of most Norman keeps from the early period.
Dunlough's deterioration is attributable in part to the dry stone masonry used in its construction. This method is unusual for castles in this area, which, built in later years, made more use of wet mortar and sand. Yet the use of dry stone masonry was common in earlier Irish buildings. 

</doc>
<doc id="21424487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424487" title="Lamoille Valley Railroad">
Lamoille Valley Railroad

Lamoille Valley Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21424495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424495" title="Gravity (Sara Bareilles song)">
Gravity (Sara Bareilles song)

"Gravity" is a song performed by Sara Bareilles, released the third single from her major-label debut album "Little Voice" (2007). Written by Bareilles, the track was produced by Eric Rosse. Its music video was released on February 3, 2009. The song was originally on her first album "Careful Confessions", but was later included on "Little Voice."
Cover versions.
British singer Louise Dearman covered the song on her second album "Here Comes The Sun".
The song was played by Jeremy Rosado on the semi-finals of the eleventh season of "American Idol".
Kelly Clarkson covered the song in Durham, North Carolina during her Stronger World Tour, in which she praised Bareilles's voice and lyrics. Bareilles responding the following day by tweeting: “Holy pipes, Batman! Kelly Clarkson sang Gravity. Whoah. Gurrrl. Can. Sang. So Cool!” 
Mary Joyner performed this song for her audition on the seventh season of "America's Got Talent".
Brittany Cairns performed this song for her blind audition on the first season of "The Voice - Australia"
Duo Alex & Sierra performed "Gravity" on the third season of "The X Factor" (U.S.), during the December 11, 2013 semi-final show.
Reception.
Chris Klimek of "The Washington Post" calls the song "haunting" and states that "Gravity is strong evidence that Bareilles's songcraft may yet warrant the stardom she's attained." Shirley Brinkley writes for "The Virginian-Pilot" that this is her favorite song, and that "It speaks to the paradoxes and complexity of relationships". Michael Menachem of "Billboard" writes, "melodic, introspective ballad is Bareilles' finest moment." The Hollywood Reporter mentioned the song in their review of one her concerts, stating it was the "night's bravest and most powerful performance" when "she brilliantly sang fan favorite "Gravity"". Mark Savage for BBC News has called it a "tearjerking ballad" and stated it is her calling card.
Music video.
As a promotional project to support her single "Gravity", Sara Bareilles released a music video for the track. She is shot delivering the ballad song in the middle of the street while people are walking behind her bringing globe miniature and replicas of other planets.

</doc>
<doc id="21424498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424498" title="Skogskyrkogården metro station">
Skogskyrkogården metro station

Skogskyrkogården metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Gamla Enskede, Söderort, very close to the cemetery Skogskyrkogården (the "Woodland Cemetery"). The station was opened on 1 October 1950. The distance to Slussen is 5 km. 

</doc>
<doc id="21424512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424512" title="Integrated College Dungannon">
Integrated College Dungannon

Integrated College Dungannon (ICD) is an integrated secondary school situated in Dungannon, County Tyrone and is attended by students from ages 11–18 who are from Dungannon, Armagh, Moy, Portadown, Keady and Richill. It was opened in September 1995 and has an enrolment of 530 students as of September 2012. Many students come from Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Bulgaria and Portugal.
Armagh link.
The college maintained a link with Armagh Integrated College (AIC) until AIC closed in 2009, to provide students of both schools with more choices in GCSE subjects. Due to the closure of the Armagh school, ICD accepted 54 additional students, and further students are expected to be transferred.
Notable former pupils.
Colin Morgan

</doc>
<doc id="21424517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424517" title="Linda Olofsson">
Linda Olofsson

Linda Olofsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21424526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424526" title="List of awards and nominations received by TVXQ">
List of awards and nominations received by TVXQ

This is a list of awards and nominations received by TVXQ, a South Korean pop group produced by Lee Soo-man of S.M. Entertainment. TVXQ release music in both South Korea and Japan, where they are officially credited as .
The group debuted in 2003 with their debut single "Hug". The song was a number-one hit, winning three number-one trophies on the music program "The Music Trend". Their first full-length album "Tri-Angle" was released in October 2004 and was the eighth best-selling record of the year. In April 2005, the band debuted in Japan with the single "Stay with Me Tonight", and released their debut Japanese studio album, "Heart, Mind and Soul" in March 2006.
As one of the world's best-selling K-pop group, TVXQ have received numerous prestigious "Daesangs" ("Grand Prizes") in Korean music awards. They are also the first, and currently the only, foreign band in Japan to sell over 400,000 albums in one week.
Overall, TVXQ have won 126 awards from 168 nominations.
South Korea.
Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards.
The Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards (, founded in 2011, is presented annually by the national music chart Gaon to acknowledge achievements in digital and physical chart performances of the year. TVXQ have won two awards.
Golden Disk Awards.
The Golden Disk Awards (), founded in 1986, is presented annually by the Music Industry Association of Korea for outstanding achievements in the South Korean music industry. TVXQ have won six awards from eight nominations.
KBS Music Awards.
The KBS Music Awards were held annually in South Korea until 2005. TVXQ have won two awards.
MBC Gayo Daejejeon.
The MBC Gayo Daejejeon, commonly known as the MBC Gayo Daejun, is an annual K-pop music event held by the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) in South Korea. Awards used to be handed out to entertainers.
MelOn Music Awards.
The MelOn Music Awards is a major music awards show held annually in South Korea. It is known for only calculating digital sales and online votes to judge winners. TVXQ have won two out of three nominations.
Mnet Asian Music Awards.
The Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA), formerly known as the M.net KM Music Festival (MKMF) (1999–2008), is a major K-pop music award show that is held annually by Mnet Media in South Korea. TVXQ have received fifteen awards from thirty-two nominations.
SBS Gayo Daejeon.
The SBS Gayo Daejeon, also known as the SBS Music Festival, is an annual K-pop music event held by the Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS) in South Korea. Awards were given to entertainers until 2007. TVXQ have won five awards from seven nominations.
SBS MTV Best of the Best Awards.
The SBS MTV Best of the Best Awards is an awards show presented by South Korea's SBS MTV.
Seoul Music Awards.
The Seoul Music Awards is a music awards show founded in 1990 that is presented annually by the Sports Seoul for outstanding achievements in the music industry in South Korea. TVXQ have won eight awards from ten nominations.
Japan.
Billboard Japan Music Awards.
The Billboard Japan Music Awards, founded in 2009, are an annual set of music awards, founded by "Billboard Japan", the Japanese edition of "Billboard". The awards honor artists, both Japanese and foreign, who had achieved best results in Billboard Japan charts during the year. TVXQ have won one award from two nominations.
Japan Gold Disc Awards.
The Japan Gold Disc Awards are held annually in Japan by the Recording Industry Association of Japan to commemorate annual album sales. TVXQ have won nine awards.
Japan Record Awards.
The Japan Record Awards is a major music awards show held annually in Japan. It recognizes outstanding achievements in the Japan Composer's Association. The show airs every New Year's Eve (sometimes December 30) on TBS Japan at 6:30 P.M JST and is hosted by many announcers. TVXQ have won three awards.
MTV Video Music Awards Japan.
The Japanese MTV Video Music Awards is an award show by the cable network MTV Japan to honor the top music videos of the year. It was first held at the end of the summer of 2002 and is Japan's equivalent of the American MTV Video Music Awards. TVXQ have won three awards from four nominations.
International awards.
World Music Awards.
The World Music Awards is an annual awards show that honors recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI).
Music programs.
Below lists TVXQ's number-one wins on South Korea's televised music programs. TVXQ have received 46 wins.

</doc>
<doc id="21424531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424531" title="Abdullah al-Abaed">
Abdullah al-Abaed

Abdullah al-Abaed is a citizen of Saudi Arabia named on its 2009 list of most wanted suspected terrorists.
He is notable because he stands accused of murdering a senior Saudi Police official, Major General Nasser al-Othman.
According to "Asharq Alawsat", Abdullah al-Abaed is currently in Iran. 
They report he is using forged travel documents;
is known for issuing Fatwas that condone his terrorist activates, as well as labeling others "infidels";
obtains financial support for the ] network's elements.

</doc>
<doc id="21424544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424544" title="Pachyostosis">
Pachyostosis

Pachyostosis is a condition in vertebrate animals in which the bones experience a thickening, resulting in unusually solid bone structure with little to no marrow. It occurs in both terrestrial and aquatic vertebrates, such as manatees and dugongs, plesiosaurs, and members of the Dinocephalia clade of therapsids.

</doc>
<doc id="21424551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424551" title="Indie literature">
Indie literature

The National Literary Awards defines independent or "indie" literature as "books published outside of mainstream publishing."[http://nationalliteraryawards.com/americanbookchoiceaward/index.htm] Such books are rarely recognized and hard to pin down, but some examples include "Returning Home" by Marcus Blake and "Hope...Joy (and a Few Little Thoughts) for Pregnant Teens" by Rachel Brigoni.

</doc>
<doc id="21424583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424583" title="Carl Davis Drumond">
Carl Davis Drumond

Carl Davis Drumond, (born Puerto Limón, Costa Rica) is a professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.
Professional career.
Drumond turned professional in February 2005 at the Limon, Costa Rica. On his debut as a professional, Drumond faced Miguel Osorio, who he dispatched in the first round.
Upon winning all his first 26 matches (one win was over former IBF-cruiserweight-champion Kelvin Davis (boxer)) Drumond challenged Ruslan Chagaev for the WBA heavyweight title on (7 February 2009). Chagaev won on technical decision after Drumond accidentally head-butted him twice in the third and fourth rounds, leaving Chagaev with a cut on his left eye. The referee decided to stop the fight after the sixth round as blood was coming out of that cut Chagaev sustained. The judges all had Chagaev in front on the scorecards, so he was declared the winner according to WBA-rules. He lost his next fight against Derric Rossy on 31 July 2009 by unanimous decision.

</doc>
<doc id="21424592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424592" title="Babacar N'Diaye">
Babacar N'Diaye

Babacar N'Diaye (born 12 December 1973 in Thiès) was a Senegalese footballer who played at last for SC Preußen Münster.
Career.
N'Diaye spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Hannover 96.
Coaching career.
On 1 July 2009, he signed a contract as player-manager with TSV Havelse.
Personal life.
N'Diaye also holds German citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="21424597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424597" title="136th meridian west">
136th meridian west

The meridian 136° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 136th meridian west forms a great circle with the 44th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 136th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424606" title="1931 Chicago Cardinals season">
1931 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1931 Chicago Cardinals season was their 12th in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 5–6–2, losing only four games. They finished fourth in the league. The team played its first five games on the road and played six games in the month of November.

</doc>
<doc id="21424613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424613" title="Mohamed Abul-Khair">
Mohamed Abul-Khair

Mohamed Abul-Khair is a citizen of Saudi Arabia notable for being named on its 2009 list of most wanted suspected terrorists.
He is alleged to be one of Osama bin Laden's bodyguards, and one of his sons-in-law.
According to "Asharq Alawsat" Mohamed
Abul-Khair had ""established ties with 9/11 hijacker Ramzi Bin al-Shaiba"".
They report he: ""is currently believed to be in the Iranian-Afghan-Pakistani triangle.""
On August 24, 2010, the "Long War Journal" reported that both the United States and United Nations had entered ""Muhammad Abdallah Hasan Abu al Khayr""
on their lists of terrorist suspects whose financial assets should be frozen, world-wide.
The "Long War Journal" describes him as ""a top financial official in the terror organization.""
The United Nations 1267 list was established by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267, in 1999, but is regularly updated, with new individuals being added as needed, and with defectors, or individuals known to have died being removed.
The United States list was established by United States President George W. Bush's Presidential Executive Order 13224.
The "Long War Journal" noted the Treasury called Abu Khair ""a key leader of the terrorist organization's finance section"" who ""also acts for al Qaeda in a leadership role on the media committee.""

</doc>
<doc id="21424615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424615" title="Ray Island">
Ray Island

Ray Island is a sandy mound rising out of the saltings close to Mersea Island, Essex, England. It has a shingly foreshore/beach area on its northern side, with a sizeable freshwater pond nearby, and extensive areas of rough grassland. On higher ground, there are blackthorn thickets and some old hawthorns. The southern edge of the island has some natural transition areas of saltmarsh-grassland-scrub. 
The wide range of saltmarsh plants includes:
Breeding birds include:
Large numbers of wildfowl and waders overwinter - flocks of more than two thousand brent geese ("Branta bernicla") are not unusual. All the common finches can be seen throughout the year, but numbers increase dramatically in winter when large flocks feed on the seed heads of sea aster ("Aster tripolium") and other saltmarsh plants. Birds of prey are commonly seen, including long-eared and short-eared owl, hen harrier, merlin and barn owl. A number of the commoner butterflies are abundant in normal summers and small mammals, particularly voles, are plentiful.
The National Trust has looked after the island since it bought it in 1970. According to volunteer warden David Nicholls, they bought it for three main reasons: For its literary connection, its use as a picnic area and also the wildlife. Its connection to literature comes through Sabine Baring-Gould, the Victorian Pastor of East Mersea who wrote the novel 'Mehalah.'
Although it is uninhabited, except when visited by picnickers, the island does have a few permanent residents.
There is a small flock of rare-breed primitive sheep called Soays which help to manage the vegetation, particularly blackthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="21424616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424616" title="William Stourton">
William Stourton

William Stourton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21424623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424623" title="Karen Sanford">
Karen Sanford

Karen Elizabeth Sanford is a former Canadian politician. She served as MLA for the Comox riding in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1972 to 1986, as a member of the British Columbia New Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="21424670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424670" title="134th meridian west">
134th meridian west

The meridian 134° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 134th meridian west forms a great circle with the 46th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 134th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424695" title="Owen McGee">
Owen McGee

Career.
Owen McGee started his playing career at his hometown club Middlesbrough as an apprentice, before breaking into the first team in the 1989-90 season. He went on to play for Scarborough and Guisborough Town before retiring. He currently coaches youngsters in the Middlesbrough area.

</doc>
<doc id="21424698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424698" title="Evaldo Cabral de Mello">
Evaldo Cabral de Mello

Evaldo Cabral de Mello (Recife, January 20, 1936) is a Brazilian historian, history writer and former diplomat, considered to be one of the most important Brazilian historians of the twentieth century.
He studied the philosophy of history in Madrid and London. After his study Cabral de Mello worked as a diplomat for the Brazilian Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1962 until his retirement.
In 1975 he released his first book,"Olinda restaurada: guerra e açúcar no Nordeste, 1630-1654". Since then he has written several books, including "O negócio do Brasil: Portugal, os Países Baixos e o Nordeste, 1641-1669". In this book he showed that the Portuguese reconquest of Brazil from the Dutch was no military victory, but that a large sum of money was paid by Portugal to the Dutch Republic in exchange for the colony.
In 1992 he was appointed Member of the Brazilian Order of Scientific Merit by the Brazilian government.

</doc>
<doc id="21424701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424701" title="Defaunation">
Defaunation

Defaunation is a process in an ecosystem, during which top predators and herbivores are declining due to anthropogenic pressures, resulting in a lack of agents that control the components of the ecosystem's vegetation. Herbivores are important for maintaining the biodiversity of a forest by controlling the abundance of plant species and seed dispersal. Defaunation is a significant environmental change and conservation issue.
One of the main drivers of defaunation is poaching.
In animal sciences, the removal of protozoa from the rumen of ruminants is also called defaunation. Defaunated rumen fluid affects the ruminal volume, nitrogen flow and digestibility of organic matter and cell wall carbohydrate.

</doc>
<doc id="21424716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424716" title="San Fabián de Conueo">
San Fabián de Conueo

San Fabián de Conueo a fort four kilometers south of the town of Rafael, Chile. It was first established by governor Alonso de Sotomayor in 1584 to secure control of the Coelemu region between the Itata River and Concepcion. Destroyed, it later was restored in 1657 by order of governor Pedro Porter Casanate. The Mapudungun word means water of torcaza from "сопu", the bird called the torcaza and from "со" "water".

</doc>
<doc id="21424720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424720" title="Atlantic and Gulf Railroad">
Atlantic and Gulf Railroad

Atlantic and Gulf Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21424721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424721" title="Joseph Haslag">
Joseph Haslag

Joseph Haslag is the Kenneth Lay Chair in Economics for the Department of Economics at University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. In addition, he is the executive vice president of the Show-Me Institute, a free market research institute based in St. Louis, Missouri. He also is executive director of the Economic & Policy Analysis Research Center in Missouri, which prepares forecasts and analyses used by the Missouri General Assembly and administrative units of state government.
He holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Missouri, and a Ph.D. in economics from Southern Methodist University. 
Haslag has taught at Southern Methodist University, Erasmus University Rotterdam, and Michigan State University. He has published his research in the Journal of Monetary Economics, the Journal of Money, Credit and Banking, and the International Economic Review. His research has been cited in more than 800 academic papers. Recent journal articles include: “On the determinants of optimal border enforcement,” published in 2008 in Economic Theory, and “Who is Afraid of the Freidman rule?” published in 2008 by "Economic Inquiry".
He also has written numerous articles for the Show-Me Institute that have been published in newspapers throughout Missouri. The list includes an opinion piece, “Raising taxes isn’t answer to fiscal difficulties,” that appeared January 1, 2009, in the Springfield News-Leader, which argued that a sales tax was less volatile than an income tax. 
His most recent policy paper for the Show-Me Institute, “Unleashing Video Competition: The Benefits of Cable Franchise Reform for Missouri Consumers,” was published Feb. 28, 2007.
In a recent Vox magazine interview, Haslag said he was drawn to economics because he was puzzled by it.
He grew up in Springfield, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="21424730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424730" title="Brain Age (series)">
Brain Age (series)

Brain Age is a series of video games developed and published by Nintendo, based on the work of Ryuta Kawashima.
Common elements.
Mathematics.
A DSiWare version titled Brain Age Express: Math was released in North America on April 5, 2009 and in the PAL regions on June 19, 2009.
Arts & Letters.
A DSiWare version titled Brain Age Express: Arts & Letters was released in North America on August 10, 2009.
Sudoku.
The English versions of the first two "Brain Age" titles featured a Sudoku mode. The player can choose between two modes of play – with notification, or without. When played with notification, the game allows the player to miss only five times before the puzzle is automatically ended before completion. Each miss results in a 20 minute penalty which is added onto the player's time. Additionally, if the best time for a puzzle was achieved with notification, the game will make note of that next to the best time.
The majority of the puzzle takes place on the touch screen, which displays the entire Sudoku puzzle. The player must first tap on the square he wishes to fill in, and the touch screen will show a zoomed in image of that square while the other screen shows a zoomed out version of the puzzle. While zoomed in, you are able to move to another square next to it by using one of the arrows. To fill in a square, the player must handwrite the number using the stylus. Once the number is written and the player moves on from that square, it will be converted into a cleaner version of the number.
"Brain Age" also takes advantage of a strategy used in pen and paper Sudoku puzzles, in which the person marks which squares a number could possibly be by writing a miniature number. There are also four options at the player's disposal – Undo, Erase, Zoom Out, and Save & Quit. Undo allows the player to revert the latest change in the puzzle, Erase allows the player to erase everything in one square (alternatively, the player can circle just one number to erase it), Zoom Out is used to go back to a zoomed out view after he has zoomed in on a square, and Save & Quit allows the player to do a quick save and quit the puzzle, which is erased once the player resumes.
A DSiWare version of this game entitled "Brain Age Express: Sudoku" was released in the PAL regions on July 24, 2009 and in North America on August 17, 2009.
Other media.
A book based on Kawashima's work was released, titled "".

</doc>
<doc id="21424750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424750" title="Baldy Jack Rose">
Baldy Jack Rose

Jacob Rosenzweig (September 1876 - October 4, 1947) was an American gambler and underworld figure in New York City. He was one of several star witnesses in the Becker-Rosenthal trial, among these being fellow gamblers Bridgie Webber, Harry Vallon, and Sam Schepps. Rose's testimony was the most damaging because he directly implicated Becker in arranging the murder of Herman Rosenthal. As Becker's debt collector, Rose confessed to hiring the Lenox Avenue Gang, providing the getaway car. He testified he did it all on the orders of Charles Becker.
Biography.
Born in Poland as Jacob Rosenzweig, he grew up in Fairfield County, Connecticut and spent much of his early life living in Bridgeport, Waterbury, and South Norwalk, Connecticut. He contracted typhoid when he was four years old, causing alopecia universalis, leaving him permanently bald and devoid of eyebrows. His appearance caused him to be "the butt of schoolmates' joke" and where he got his underworld alias. 
Rose eventually opened a small-time gambling house in Norwich and was involved in sporting and athletic events including promoting "stumble-bum" pugilists and founded "The Rosebuds", an early minor league baseball team in the Connecticut League. 
Before World War I he moved to New York City where he operated a successful Second Avenue gambling resort in East Side Manhattan known as "The Rosebud". His place was soon a popular underworld hangout, particularly by the Eastman Gang, and Rose became closely associated with Monk Eastman, "Big" Jack Zelig, and the Lenox Avenue Gang. He was such a popular Broadway character that a cocktail, containing ""one jigger of applejack, juice of half a lemon, half an ounce of grenadine, shaken with cracked ice, and strained"", was named in his honor.
In the summer of 1912, NYPD detective Lieutenant Charles Becker and the "Gambling Squad" raided "The Rosebud". In exchange for not closing down the resort, Rose agreed to pay Becker 25% of his weekly income, which ran as high as $10,000 a month. Rose would also become Becker's official collector for the rest of the gambling establishments from which Becker would extort money. His role in Becker's organization was outlined in an affidavit by Herman Rosenthal, a gambler who had fallen out with Becker, and published in the "New York World". On July 16, 1912, after meeting with District Attorney Charles S. Whitman, the four members of the Lenox Avenue Gang gunned down Rosenthal in the doorway of the Hotel Metropole. The murder car was traced by police to a Lower East Side automobile rental service, where one of the owners identified Rose as having rented out the car on the night of the murder. With this information, a number of gamblers and underworld figures including Bridgie Webber, Harry Vallon, Sam Schepps, and Jack Sullivan were rounded up as suspects.
Three days after Rosenthal's murder, Rose turned himself in at the NYPD Headquarters. He later confessed to hiring the gunmen whom he identified as Gyp the Blood, Lefty Louis Rosenberg, Jacob "Whitey Lewis" Seidenschner and Francesco "Dago Frank" Cirofisi, as well as hiring the getaway car and paying the men $1,500 on the orders of Becker. Rose agreed to testify against Becker at his murder trial. One of the star witnesses, his testimony at each of the three trials against Becker resulted in his conviction and eventual execution for murder in 1915. He was also quoted, albeit after the fact, as having predicted the murder of Jack Zelig stating ""Zelig will never live to see the trial start. Watch. They'll be the next one they get"".
At the end of the trial, Broadway gamblers began laying odds that ""the squealer"" would be murdered within a matter of days or weeks for becoming an informant. Instead, Rose was offered $1,000 a week to appear in vaudeville and received countless requests to lecture on crime. He eventually snuck out of the city disguised in a wig and returned to southern Connecticut to become a farmer. A year later, Rose started speaking at churches preaching against gambling and other vices. He also agreed to appear in several motion picture shorts for this purpose and, in 1917, he lectured at U.S. Army training camps to warn troops about gambling.
In 1936 he was threatened with rearrest in the Rosenthal case.
He fell ill in his later years and returned to New York to live in a residential hotel with his wife Hilda. In late September 1947, Rose was sent to Roosevelt Hospital where he remained for several weeks until he died from an "internal disorder" on October 4, 1947. In relative obscurity at the time of his death, his funeral at Riverside Chapel, on Amsterdam Avenue and Seventy-Sixth Street, attracted no public attention with exception to Chief of Detectives George Mitchell who declared his police file to be officially closed.

</doc>
<doc id="21424751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424751" title="1931 Cleveland Indians (NFL) season">
1931 Cleveland Indians (NFL) season

The 1931 Cleveland Indians season was their first and final in the league. They played eight of ten games on road, finishing eighth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21424753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424753" title="All-time Houston Dynamo roster">
All-time Houston Dynamo roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Houston Dynamo since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 2006. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21424768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424768" title="133rd meridian west">
133rd meridian west

The meridian 133° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 133rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 47th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 133rd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424771" title="Sam Paul">
Sam Paul

Sam Paul (1874 – January 10, 1927) was an American gambler and underworld figure in New York City at the start of the 20th century. Founder of the Sam Paul Association, he was also a major political organizer for Tammany Hall.
Rosenthal case and before.
By 1903, the "Sam Paul Association" was already being mentioned in the news as a center of criminal activity in New York. By 1910, Paul was running a pool hall at the corner of Third Avenue and 13th Street in partnership with Louis Kaufman.
Paul was initially sought by police as a witness in the killing of gambler Herman Rosenthal, as they had received information that the crime had been planned at the Sam Paul Association clubhouse at Sea Gate, Brooklyn on July 14, 1912 by Jack Rose, Bridgie Webber, and a man known only as "Dollar John." On July 21, however, Paul was arrested as a suspect. He maintained his innocence, claiming he had been home in bed at the night of the murder and that, rather than having been involved with Rosenthal's death, he had paid for Rosenthal's funeral. The charges were dropped after Paul provided the police with an alibi. 
Paul's arrest prompted New York Times reporters to interview members of the Sam Paul Association at 37 E. 7th Street about the membership and purpose of the organization. A member, who did not give his name, stated that:
The papers have given the impression that the Sam Paul Association has been the headquarters for a lot of plotters and lawbreakers. As a matter of fact, there are a lot of respectable business men, lawyers, doctors, and others in our membership. I myself am a tailor. That man on your right is a government official. Of course, some of the members are in sporting lines, but the proportion is about half and half... For some reason or other, Sam Paul and the Sam Paul association have to take the knocks for everything that goes wrong. Every time a gaming joint is raided, the papers say it is supposed to have been one of Sam Paul's, and lately every time a crime has been committed they say it was planned here at the clubrooms, and every man the police arrest is said to be a member of the Sam Paul Association. And all this, when as a matter of fact this is only a social club and dining room, and Sam Paul is one of the nicest fellows, and one of the most charitable men in New York. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
Paul and Webber, who together ran the popular "Sans Souci Music Hall" on Third Avenue at 13th Street, had previously been involved in a violent dispute with Rosenthal after Rosenthal arranged an NYPD raid on that club and subsequently took over the nearby "Hesper Club" on Second Avenue. Their rivalry eventually resulted in Webber being attacked and severely beaten by two members of Jack Zelig's criminal organization. Zelig was called "the right hand man of Sam Paul" by the New York Times. 
When Harry Horowitz and Lefty Louis Rosenberg were arrested in September 1912 and charged with killing Rosenthal, rumors circulated to the effect that Paul had paid for their attorney, former magistrate Charles Wahle. Horowitz, Rosenberg, Wahle, and Paul denied that this was the case. Paul was held as a material witness and was one of several gangland figures who testified at the trial of Charles Becker later that year. Partly as a result of his testimony, Becker was convicted of Rosenthal's murder and was executed in 1915. 
As a result of the publicity created by the Rosenthal murder, NYC Police Commissioner Rhinelander Waldo opened an investigation into Sam Paul, the Sam Paul Association, and their connections with government officials at various levels. He supplied New York City mayor William Jay Gaynor with a list of 62 names of alleged members of the Association. The investigation linked Paul with politicians, including Samuel S. Koenig and his brother Morris. According to the New York Times report:
Paul is said to be a follower of the political fortunes of Samuel S. Koenig, Chairman of the Republican County Committee, whose home is on the east side. He is also said to be the head of a powerful gang of knife and gun fighters.
Both Koenigs denied these allegations. In separate statements the brothers mentioned Paul's membership in Tammany Hall as probative of their claims that Paul was a member of the Democratic Party, and, as such, unlikely to have associated with them.
After Rosenthal case.
Paul married after the trial and had a daughter, Dorothy, who was born in 1918. After his first wife died, Paul married Lena Solomon. Although he had amassed a considerable fortune during his life (earning thousands from poolrooms, cafes, cabaret, restaurants and other establishments), Paul worked as a manager for a cabaret club in his later years and was nearly bankrupt according to a number of his associates in East Side Manhattan. He himself remarked to Sigmund Schwartz, a personal friend and owner of Schwartz's Undertaking Parlors, ""You'll get me pretty soon, now. My health is gone and so is my money"". Indeed Paul was seriously ill for three weeks before his death from nephritis at his East Eighteenth Street home on January 10, 1927. His funeral was held the following morning at Schwartz's parlor on Fifth Street, near Second Avenue, and buried at Mount Hebron Cemetery. According to the New York Times, 2000 people attended Paul's funeral. Illiam Berkowitz, a friend of Paul's, was quoted in the paper as saying that Paul was a "square gambler and a philanthropist."

</doc>
<doc id="21424772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424772" title="Jersey Opera House">
Jersey Opera House

The Jersey Opera House is a working theatre and opera house in La Vingtaine de la Ville, Saint Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands. The theatre building is administered by the States of Jersey but is managed by Jersey Opera House Limited. The current theatre director is Jasmine Hendry.
The current building is a 1922 reconstruction (by Jesty & Baker) of the 1900 original building by Adolphus Curry (1848-1910), with additional extension facilities provided since. The façade has been described as "imposing and slightly Frenchified".
Its chandelier has 10,200 pieces and is carefully cleaned about every five years.
History.
Jersey's previous main theatre, the Theatre Royal in Royal Crescent, Saint Helier, burnt down on 31 July 1863. It took two years for a new theatre to be built: Henry Cornwall opened the Royal Amphitheatre in Gloucester Street on 17 April 1865. This theatre was sold to Wybert Rousby in 1869, and became known as the Theatre Royal, and later as the Theatre Royal and Opera House.
The Theatre Royal and Opera House was described in the Royal Almanac for 1890: "Its outside appearance has nothing specially attractive, but the interior is effectively decorated and decidedly comfortable (...) Open at frequent intervals throughout the year for the production of London and Parisian successes in comedy, drama, farce; also grand and comic opera rendered by specially organized companies." In the 1880s and 1890s prices were as follows: stalls seating for 2 shillings; dress circle seating for 3 shillings; pit seating for 1 shilling; gallery seating for 6 pence. 
The theatre hosted a number of notable events. On 29 October 1885 the unveiling of the Don Monument in The Parade was the occasion for a gala performance. In April 1891 Lillie Langtry made her first appearance in a Jersey theatre at the Theatre Royal, followed by her attendance in September 1898 of a performance of R. C. Carton's "Lord and Lady Algy". A stage play of "The Battle of Jersey" was presented on 8 March 1899, with Wybert Rousby himself as Major Peirson, concluding with a tableau reenactment of Copley's "The Death of Major Peirson" on stage. The Theatre Royal hosted circus performances for which the seats were moved from the auditorium onto the stage to permit the circus acts to perform in the body of the theatre.
Wybert Rousby sold the theatre to Sidney Cooper in 1898. Fire broke out in the night of 29 March 1899; flames were spotted at 2.30am. Police, firemen, a detachment of troops, and the actors then performing "Red Riding Hood", turned out to battle the fire, but at 3.10 am the roof crashed down, destroying the building. Neighbouring properties were also damaged.
The Channel Islands Entertainment Co. Ltd. built a new theatre on the ruins of the Theatre Royal and Opera House. The Opera House was opened by Lillie Langtry on 9 July 1900, who performed in the first play produced in the new premises, "The Degenerates". The new building was modern and spacious compared to its predecessor. The stage was 40 feet deep and 60 feet broad with overhead room of 54 feet, capable of receiving scenery from Drury Lane, London. There were two boxes, one on each side of the stage, level with the dress circle: on the right "The Governor's Box" and on the left "The Bailiff's Box".
A fire on 12 May 1921 partly destroyed the building.
In the 1920s the management started showing films, and this developed into a programme alternating cinema and live entertainment. When the Picture House, a cinema in Saint Helier, closed in April 1931, the Opera House became a cinema. It ran a regular cinema programme until the German Occupation. 
When the Germans arrived, there were three cinemas in operation in Jersey: the Forum (opened 1935), the Opera House, and Wests (opened 1909). The Forum, as the largest cinema, was commandeered by the Germans for entertaining the troops. The two remaining cinemas had a mere 32 feature films in stock to last during the Occupation. The Opera House and Wests arranged an alternating programme between themselves, so that a week of cinema was followed by a week of stage performance and that when the Opera House was staging a play, Wests was showing a film, and vice versa.
The problem of providing entertainment and maintaining morale under the German Occupation was tackled by Jersey's amateur dramatic societies. By February 1941 a number of productions were nearing readiness but there was uncertainty as to which company would take the intitiative. On 17 February the Opera House was reopened as a theatre with a production by the Green Room Club of "The Light of Heart" by Emlyn Williams. After that a new production was mounted monthly on average, interrupted by German requisitioning of the Opera House and other venues for their own purposes, such as a visit by German actress Lil Dagover. Times of curtain up varied according to the curfew imposed; on occasion when the population were collectively punished for acts of resistance by earlier curfews, the curtain had to rise as early as 6pm. The electricity supply became increasingly erratic. The Opera House was forced to resort to improvised lighting consisting of 3 car headlights in the orchestra pit and lights powered by car batteries in the wings.
In October 1943 a light opera "The Paladins", with libretto by Horace Wyatt and music by PG Larbalestier, was mounted. The German censor passed the text despite the inclusion of a chorus "Faithful and Free" that became an expression of patriotic longing that produced an emotional response in the audience.
In July 1943 the Opera House and other cinemas were ordered to be closed for a month, and again following D-Day on 6 June 1944 until 9 August 1944. When the electricity supply ended on 25 January 1945, performances at the Opera House ended. Immediately following Liberation on 9 May 1945, the Opera House reopened for a grand variety show on 10 May 1945 for released prisoners.
The Opera House resumed its operation as a cinema after the Liberation, but closed as a cinema in 1959, reverting to a stage theatre.
In 1953 the theatre was purchased by Odeon (Jersey) Ltd. who ran it as a cinema with the exception of the staging of a musical show "Starlight Rendezvous" in 1955 and 1956. Odeon (Jersey) Ltd. put the Opera House on the market with a condition of sale that no films were to be shown under the new ownership. Theatrical impresario Tommy Swanson negotiated with the ultimate owners Rank Organisation for eighteen months before concluding the purchase at the end of the 1959 summer season. He undertook major renovations, adding 15 extra boxes.
The building came into the ownership of Dick Ray from 1976 to 1996. In 1995 the public of the Island of Jersey became the new owner of the Jersey Opera House at a cost of £1.3 million. In January 1997 the theatre closed for a major restoration project. A proposition was presented to the States of Jersey for a loan of £5.5 million to add to the £1.5 million that had been raised by the good will of the people and businesses of Jersey. This was successful and this major programme of work started in August 1998. After an extensive programme of rebuilding and renovation the new theatre opened its door on 9 July 2000 exactly 100 years to the day when the first Opera House had opened its doors to the public of Jersey.
The Jersey Opera House has had some financial difficulties in the past as well as periods when it did not operate.

</doc>
<doc id="21424795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424795" title="Pendleton Vandiver">
Pendleton Vandiver

""Uncle Pen" redirects here. For the song, see Uncle Pen."
James Pendleton Vandiver (1869–1932) was a Kentucky fiddler, born there shortly after the American Civil War. He was uncle to bluegrass musician Bill Monroe, who immortalized him in a song, "Uncle Pen".
Monroe used to hear his uncle playing fiddle on the hilltop where he lived, while Monroe put away his mules at night. He later said that Vandiver was "the fellow that I learned how to play from." Vandiver played fiddle at local square dances and social events, and his nephew backed him up, playing mandolin. Monroe's parents had both died by the time he was 16, and he lived part of the time with his Uncle Pen, in his two-room hilltop house in Rosine, Kentucky. Vandiver had been crippled earlier, and he made some money with his music. Bill Monroe's biographer, Richard D. Smith writes, "Pen gave Bill more: a repertoire of tunes that sank into Bill's aurally trained memory and a sense of rhythm that seeped into his bones. Sometimes Bill played guitar behind his uncle, sometimes the mandolin."
On September 13, 1973, a monument in honor of Uncle Pen was unveiled by Monroe at the Rosine Cemetery. Another way he honored Penn's memory was to play the part of "Uncle Penn" in Ricky Skaggs' Country Boy music video.

</doc>
<doc id="21424797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424797" title="Larceny Act">
Larceny Act

Larceny Act (with its variations) is a stock short title which was formerly used for legislation in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland relating to larceny and other offences against property.
The Bill for an Act with this short title will have been known as a Larceny Bill during its passage through Parliament.
Larceny Acts may be a generic name either for legislation bearing that short title or for all legislation on that subject.
United Kingdom.
The Larceny Acts
The Larceny Acts 1861 and 1870 means the Larceny Act 1861 and the Larceny (Advertisements) Act 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="21424811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424811" title="132nd meridian west">
132nd meridian west

The meridian 132° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 132nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 48th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 132nd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424822" title="PGM Ultima Ratio">
PGM Ultima Ratio

The PGM Ultima Ratio is a French-designed and manufactured sniper rifle. It uses the 7.62x51 mm NATO cartridge and can, depending on the (barrel) variant, be chambered for several other cartridges. The PGM Ultima Ratio is intended to fulfill an anti-personnel role and is produced by PGM Précision of France. Its main commercial competitors/equivalents on the high-end factory sniper rifle market are the Accuracy International Arctic Warfare and Sako TRG product lines. All of these rifles are similar in performance.
The name of the rifle is a Latin expression and means "the last resort (as force)" and derives from the expression "ultima ratio regum" (the final argument of kings, i.e., war) that King Louis XIV of France had engraved on his cannons.
Design details.
The Ultima Ratio system is almost unique in being a purpose-designed sniper rifle, rather than an accurised version of an existing, general-purpose rifle.
Like its larger brothers - the PGM Hecate II (chambered in .50 BMG) and PGM 338 (chambered in .338 Lapua Magnum) - the PGM Ultima Ratio is structured around a central rigid metal girder chassis, giving it a skeletal "barebones" appearance to minimize weight and simplify maintenance.
The receiver is made from a high quality 7075 aircraft-grade aluminum alloy, while the steel bolt has three lugs that lock into a barrel extension. It also has overpressure vent holes allowing high-pressure gases a channel of escape in the rare event of a cartridge case head failure.
The match grade barrel is mounted fully floated and can be easily exchanged in the field with the help of a 5 mm hex key.
There are several barrel configurations available. The Intervention barrel sports heating dispersion ribs along its length and an integrated glued on muzzle brake to reduce recoil, jump and flash. The Commando I and Commando II barrels are fluted and can have integrated or detachable muzzle brakes. If the barrels are threaded for a detachable muzzle brake they can also be fitted with a detachable suppressor. The Integral Silencieux barrel has an integrated suppressor.
The 7.62x51mm NATO and .300 Savage barrels feature a 305 mm (1:12 in) right-hand twist rate. The twist rate for the other standard chamberings are; 7mm-08 Remington 241 mm (9.5 in), .260 Remington 229 mm (9 in) and 6.5x47mm Lapua 203 mm (8 in)
The Intervention barrels are available in all the chamberings mentioned above. The Commando I and II barrels are available in 7.62x51mm NATO and 7mm-08 Remington, whilst the Integral Silencieux barrels are available in 7.62x51mm NATO and .300 Savage.
The furniture (pistol grip and forearm) is made from a polymer material and is mounted to the frame. The buttstock is made from metal and has an adjustable shoulder pad for comfortable aiming and minimizing the effects of recoil on the operator. It is also adjustable for the length of pull and height, and in case of the folding stock variant can be folded to the left side of the receiver to reduce the overall dimensions of the rifle and make it more portable. An adjustable rear folding ground spike under the stock helps to keep the rifle in a stable position for extended periods of time and is most effective when coupled with the folding bipod support under the rifle barrel. A pistol grip is used for comfortable wielding of the weapon, especially during prolonged periods of time during which the operator must be immediately ready to open fire.
The Ultima Ratio has a fully adjustable two-stage trigger featuring an adjustable trigger pull weight of to that can be adjusted by an armourer and a fast lock time.
The PGM Ultima Ratio is fitted with a Picatinny rail so that it may be equipped with a wide range of commercial and NATO-standard optical sights, lights, night vision equipment and other tactical accessories. It also has an optional set of emergency iron sights to be used in case of the failure of the primary sight.
In order to preserve an optimal shooting comfort, the factory advises to avoid firing without the muzzle brake or silencer attached.
The PGM Ultima Ratio can consistently achieve an accuracy of about 0.5 MOA with match-grade ammunition when employed by a qualified marksman.
The rifle can be used with a single row 5-round or double row 10-round box magazine.
Factory accessories are: PGM sound-suppressor, ergonomic wooden grip, wooden furniture, kit consisting of a long Picatinny rail and side Picatinny rails, PGM telescopic sight mounts, PGM back-up iron sights, transport case with formed foam and a carrying sling.

</doc>
<doc id="21424823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424823" title="Jules-Aristide Bourdes-Ogouliguende">
Jules-Aristide Bourdes-Ogouliguende

Jules-Aristide Bourdes-Ogouliguende (born 28 February 1938) is a Gabonese politician who is the President of the Congress for Democracy and Justice (CDJ), an opposition party. He served as a minister in the government of Gabon from 1976 to 1990 and was President of the National Assembly from 1990 to 1993; since 1993 he has been an opposition leader.
Early life, education, and legal career.
A member of the Myene ethnic group, Bourdes-Ogouliguende was born in Libreville. He attended primary and secondary school in Libreville and Port-Gentil and then continued his studies in France. While studying in France, he was a member of the Lille section of the Federation of Students of Black French Africa from 1961 to 1962, and he headed the Lille section of the Union of Catholic African Students from 1962 to 1964. Later, he was the President of the General Association of the Students of Gabon from November 1967 to June 1968.
Back in Gabon, Bourdes-Ogouliguende began a career in law in 1968. He was Legal Adviser to the Ministry of Justice from 5 June 1972 to 15 November 1972. Subsequently he was Vice-President of the Judicial Chamber of the Supreme Court from 15 November 1972 to 25 June 1973 and President of the Judicial Chamber of the Supreme Court from 25 June 1973 to 15 March 1976. At the January 1973 extraordinary congress of the Gabonese Democratic Party (PDG), he became a member of the party's Central Committee.
Political career.
Bourdes-Ogouliguende was appointed to the government as Minister of the Civil Service on 15 March 1976, and his responsibilities were expanded when he was appointed as Minister of the Civil Service and Justice on 15 February 1978. He joined the PDG Political Bureau at the party's 1979 congress. In the government, he was promoted to the position of Minister of State for Labour and Employment on 22 August 1981, and he was moved to the position of Minister of State for Higher Education, Scientific Research, the Environment and the Protection of Nature on 15 March 1983. Subsequently his portfolio was reduced and he served as Minister of State for Higher Education and Scientific Research from 27 March 1984 until January 1990, when he was replaced in the wake of student unrest at Omar Bongo University. He then served briefly as Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, and the Rural Economy until April 1990. Following the March–April 1990 National Conference, he was Minister of Trade, Consumption, Industry, and Relations with Parliament from April 1990 to November 1990.
In the 1990 parliamentary election, Bourdes-Ogouliguende was elected to the National Assembly as a PDG candidate in Ogooué-Maritime Province; he was then elected as President of the National Assembly on 20 November 1990. He was also elected as President of the International Assembly of French Speaking Parliamentarians at a meeting in Ottawa in September 1991. As President of the National Assembly, he followed an independent course and sometimes sided with the opposition in parliamentary votes. He resigned from the PDG on 27 January 1993, and he resigned as President of the National Assembly on 23 April 1993.
Speaking at a conference in a Libreville hotel before an audience of several hundred, Bourdes-Ogouliguende announced on 10 May 1993 that he would stand as a candidate in the December 1993 presidential election. His candidacy was backed by the JABO group (based on the initials of Bourdes-Ogouliguende's name). At the time of the election, he was part of the Convention of Forces for Change, the main opposition coalition. Immediately following the election, he said that the main opposition candidate, Paul Mba Abessole, was leading in the vote count, and he warned that if President Omar Bongo (the PDG candidate) was nevertheless credited with a first-round victory, "we will destroy, we will seriously lay waste". Despite this threat of violence, Bongo was credited with a narrow first-round majority of 51.07%, well ahead of Mba Abessole, who placed second. Bourdes-Ogouliguende himself placed fifth with 3.38% of the vote.
The JABO group merged with other parties to form the Congress for Democracy and Justice (CDJ), an opposition party, under Bourdes-Ogouliguende's leadership. Bourdes-Ogouliguende remained a Deputy in the National Assembly until 1996. He later became President of the National Council of Democracy (CND), an official body charged with mediating disputes between political parties, in May 1998, and he became Secretary-General of the CDJ in September 2000. Pierre-Claver Zeng Ebome succeeded him as President of the CND on 8 January 2003. As a representative of the opposition, Bourdes-Ogouliguende was included on the joint majority–opposition commission on the reform of the electoral process, which began its work in May 2006 and included 12 representatives from the Presidential Majority as well as 12 from the opposition.
In the December 2006 parliamentary election, Bourdes-Ogouliguende was elected to the National Assembly from Port-Gentil. He was the only CDJ candidate to win a seat in the election. As of December 2007, he was Chairman of the Board of the Gabonese Refining Company ("Société Gabonaise de Raffinage", SOGARA).
Speaking in the National Assembly on 2 June 2009, Bourdes-Ogouliguende criticized the installation of surveillance cameras in the major cities as well as the introduction of biometric passports on the grounds that no laws had been passed providing for either. He described the government of Prime Minister Jean Eyéghé Ndong as "dangerous". Eyéghé Ndong argued that the cameras were necessary for public safety and that the biometric passports were needed to comply with international standards, although he acknowledged the need for new laws.
2009 presidential election.
Bourdes-Ogouliguende ran as the CDJ candidate in the 30 August 2009 presidential election, which was held as a result of the death of President Bongo in June 2009. He was officially presented as the CDJ candidate on 24 July 2009. On 27 July 2009, he and seven other candidates—Pierre Mamboundou, Paul Mba Abessole, Luc Bengono Nsi, Jean Eyéghé Ndong, André Mba Obame, Casimir Oyé Mba, and Anna Claudine Ayo Assayi—jointly called for the resignation of the candidates Ali Bongo and Pierre-Claver Maganga Moussavou from the government. Bourdes-Ogouliguende, describing the situation as unacceptable, expressed particular concern about the power Bongo wielded as Minister of Defense, worrying that he could use that power to influence the outcome of the election.
After presidential candidates met with Interim President Rose Francine Rogombé in Libreville on 12 August to discuss issues related to the electoral process, Bourdes-Ogouliguende, acting as spokesman for a group of 11 candidates, announced that they wanted the election to be delayed and would take the matter to the courts; according to Bourdes-Ogouliguende, "in the current climate, the irregularities and disparities are too flagrant."
On 25 August 2009, Eyeghé Ndong called for the opposition candidates to join together in support of a single candidate to face Bongo. The opposition candidates gathered for negotiations at a meeting chaired by Eyeghé Ndong and held a secret ballot to choose a joint candidate. The vote concluded early on 28 August and André Mba Obame was declared the victor. A statement was then sent to the press announcing that 11 candidates were withdrawing from the election and rallying behind Mba Obame's candidacy. However, several of the candidates, including Bourdes-Ogouliguende, promptly denied that, saying that they were still running and did not support Mba Obame.
According to official results, Bourdes-Ogouliguende placed ninth in the election with 0.20% of the vote.
In the December 2011 parliamentary election, the ruling PDG won an overwhelming majority of seats amidst an opposition boycott. Acting as spokesman for an opposition coalition that boycotted the vote, Bourdes-Ogouliguende said that the coalition considered the election invalid because "the parliament it will bring into office represents less than 10 percent of the population".

</doc>
<doc id="21424849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424849" title="Elmwood College">
Elmwood College

Elmwood College was a rural further education college based in Cupar, Fife, Scotland. It became the Elmwood Campus of Scotland's Rural College in October 2013. before becoming a campus of Fife College in November 2013. 
Elmwood College was officially declared open in 1972, after a few years of holding classes on borrowed premises. The college had started classes about twenty years earlier. There are full-time as well as part-time courses, work based courses, and modern apprenticeships. 
There is a large variety of subjects taught at Elmwood Campus, including land-based courses, and it is especially well known for golf and greenkeeping courses. There are three campuses of the college. The main campus is on Carslogie Road, Cupar. The second campus is at Stratheden, which has the only golf course and clubhouse in any college in Scotland. Cuparmuir Farm is the third campus, where most of the land-based courses are taught. 

</doc>
<doc id="21424855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424855" title="Blackburn Triplane">
Blackburn Triplane

The Blackburn Triplane was a single-engine pusher single-seater, designed specifically to attack Zeppelins. It flew in 1917, but was not successful.
Development.
The Triplane was the third unsuccessful attempt at an anti-Zeppelin fighter that involved Blackburn. The first was Blackburn's own Twin Blackburn and the second the AD Scout, Blackburn building two of the four machines of this type to an Air Department of the Admiralty design. In 1916, the Scout's designer, Harris Booth moved to Blackburn where he created a heavily-revised aircraft, the Triplane.
The layout of both Scout and Triplane was determined largely by the Admiralty requirement to carry a quick-firing, recoilless Davis gun that used 2 lb (1 kg) shells. At the time, there was no way of synchronising such a weapon with the propeller, or of mounting it elsewhere than the fuselage, so a pusher configuration was necessary, the pilot sitting in a nacelle with the gun in its nose.
In order to make the aircraft more manoeuvrable and in particular to increase its roll rate, a triplane configuration was chosen. This provided about the same total wing area as that of the biplane Scout with a lower moment of inertia about the roll axis. The Triplane had single-bay wings with heavy stagger and carrying six ailerons. The lower wing was close to the ground so two underwing skids were added below the interplane struts. The mid-line of the nacelle, with the engine at its rear, was on the centre plane, giving the pilot a slightly less good view than from the Scout.
Four parallel tail booms ran aft, two from the mid-span of the upper wing and the others from the lower wing. These four members carried the tail. The tailplane, mounted on the upper booms and bearing a full-width elevator, had a span of 18 ft 10 in (5.74 m), no less than 78% of the wingspan. A pair of fin and rudders joined the upper and lower booms, a height of about 7 ft 6 in (2.3 m). The "reversed" undercarriage of the Scout was abandoned and the main wheels were mounted on a single axle supported by two pairs of struts to the nacelle. Though photographs show the gun port, the gun itself was probably never fitted.
The Triplane first flew with a 110 hp (80 kW) Clerget rotary engine driving a four-blade, 8 ft (2.46 m) diameter airscrew, then later with a 100 hp (75 kW) Gnome with a two-blade propeller.
Operational history.
Only one was built. It was accepted by the Admiralty on 20 February 1917, but was rapidly found wanting like the Scout before it. It was struck off charge just a month later, the only Blackburn triplane and the last of their attempts to build an anti-Zeppelin fighter.

</doc>
<doc id="21424861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424861" title="Karl-Heinz Emig">
Karl-Heinz Emig

Karl-Heinz Emig (born 29 July 1962 in Mannheim) is a German football coach and a former player.
Career.
Emig spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with Hertha BSC and 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
Coaching career.
In the 2002–03 season, he was a caretaker manager of 1. FC Kaiserslautern for eight days. Emig managed the under-17 youth team of 1. FC Kaiserslautern until 7 January 2010 and one day later, he announced he would begin to work in the future as assistant coach for Karlsruher SC.

</doc>
<doc id="21424878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424878" title="European route E671">
European route E671

European route E 671 is a road part of the International E-road network. It begins in Timişoara, Timiş County, Romania and ends in Livada, Satu Mare County. It is long.
The road follows: Timişoara - Arad - Oradea - Satu Mare - Livada 

</doc>
<doc id="21424886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424886" title="131st meridian west">
131st meridian west

The meridian 131° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 131st meridian west forms a great circle with the 49th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 131st meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21424895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424895" title="Abitibi Power and Paper Company">
Abitibi Power and Paper Company

Abitibi Power and Paper Company was a Montreal, Quebec based business founded in 1917. The firm was a mainstay of the Canadian newsprint industry in the
first half of the 20th century. The manufacturer became bankrupt in 1935.
It increased its gross earnings to $5,650,264 in 1918 from $4,422,757 in 1917. Along with other
paper manufacturers in Canada, Abitibi Power and Paper Company operated at 75% capacity in 1929.
During the Great Depression, Manitoba Paper Mills, a subsidiary of the Abitibi Power and Paper Company located in Pine Falls, Manitoba, was forced to close.

</doc>
<doc id="21424911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424911" title="All-time Real Salt Lake roster">
All-time Real Salt Lake roster

Players.
These players have appeared in at least one match for Real Salt Lake.
"Competitive matches only. Players in bold are now on the team roster. As of the start of the 2014 season." 
"Statistics accurate as of 26 April 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="21424929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424929" title="Love Love Love (Agnes song)">
Love Love Love (Agnes song)

"Love Love Love" is a song by Swedish singer Agnes and was her entrant in Sweden's Eurovision Song Contest selection process Melodifestivalen. After proceeding to the final from the fourth semi-final, the song placed eighth out of the eleven entries. "Love Love Love" is written by Anders Hansson and was released as a one track CD single by Roxy Recordings, in addition to being included on the "Love Love Love Edition" of Agnes' 2008 album "Dance Love Pop" and serving as the album's third single.
Background and Melodifestivalen.
Agnes began her musical career in 2005 when she won "Idol 2005", a Swedish singing competition based on the British show "Pop Idol". She subsequently released three studio albums and attempted to take part in Melodifestivalen 2007, the Swedish selection process for the Eurovision Song Contest. Details of her participation were leaked, a violation of contest rules, and she was disqualified.
On October 14, 2008, two years after her first attempt, it was announced that Agnes was to take part in Melodifestivalen 2009 with the disco pop song "Love Love Love". The song is written by Anders Hansson, who also wrote Agnes' third studio album "Dance Love Pop" from which the song is a bonus track on the re-release. At first, it was said that the song was to be performed as a duet with fellow Swedish pop singer Marie Serneholt, but it did not materialize, as Serneholt decided to compete in the contest on her own. 
Agnes appeared at the fourth semi-final of the contest, held on February 28, 2009 at the Malmö Arena and competed against seven other entrants. Agnes presented "Love Love Love" first on the night, and for her performance, she appeared on stage in an "eye-catching" gold sequined skin-tight outfit and was alone at first in front of a skyscraper backdrop before being joined by six dancers. The song made the top four and was selected to duel against the Star Pilots' "Higher", with one song going to the final and the other to the "Second Chance" round. "Love Love Love" received 66,740 televotes versus the Star Pilots' 54,785, winning the duel and gaining a spot in the final.
At the Melodifestivalen final, held on March 14 at the Ericsson Globe in Stockholm, "Love Love Love" was presented third out of the eleven participants and Agnes executed a repeat performance of her show at the semi-final. When the results were announced, she received forty points in total, all from the regional juries, placing her eighth.
Release.
"Love Love Love" was first heard in the form of a one minute clip on February 27, 2009, the day before Agnes appeared in the fourth semi-final of Melodifestivalen 2009; it was available on the website of Sveriges Television, the organizer of Melodifestivalen. The song was released to radio stations the following day on February 28 after the semi-final, in line with the Contest's rules. It then became available as a two–track CD single on March 2, 2009 and a one–track digital download on March 1, 2009 along with many of the other songs in the Contest. The song serves as the third single from "Dance Love Pop" and is included on the "Love Love Love Edition" re-release which was released on April 1, 2009.
Chart performance.
The song debuted on the Swedish Singles Chart on the week of March 6, 2009 at number 28, and peaked the following week at number four, before falling to number 11, 16, 18, 26, and then 34 in the succeeding weeks. "Love Love Love" continued its descent in the charts in its eighth and ninth weeks, charting at 37 and 55 respectively, before leaving after nine consecutive weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="21424935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424935" title="Redwater Health Centre">
Redwater Health Centre

The Redwater Health Centre is a 21-bed facility, 14-bed acute care including 1 palliative care bed and 7 long term care bed facility located in Redwater, 65 kilometers northeast of The City Edmonton. The health centre offers many of the main services to the community of Redwater including public health, rehabilitation, mental health, and environmental health services. The health center opened six long-term beds in 2006 due to the increasing amount of wait times in the Fort Saskatchewan health facility. All of the six beds were taken up within days of their opening.
The Redwater facility is known for recruiting physicians from around the world, most recently from South Africa.
History.
The facility first opened on January 1, 1973, to serve Redwater and its surrounding communities. The health center employs 95 full-time, part-time, and casual staff.
Future plans.
Sarja Master Builder Inc. is a construction company that has undertaken a project to build a Medi-Clinic in Terragold Square, next to the hospital that will be affiliated with it. This will be Redwater's first power centre. The Medi-Clinic project is a two-story commercial building, it will house the medical professionals of Redwater and surrounding areas. The construction is set to begin within the next months.
Services.
The Redwater Health Centre offers many services.
Palliative care.
The hospital has specially designed programs for people who are in the final stages of an incurable illness. Their goal is not to cure the illness, but to make the last stages of life as comfortable as possible.
Continuing Care Program.
On March 7, 2006, six continuing care beds were opened in the hospital. The project was funded through the Health Sustainability Initiative (HSI), and government funding. More beds were opened on June 16, 2008.
Nutritional Counseling.
A dietitian is able to provide nutritional counseling for patients, outpatients, and people on home care.
Mental health services.
Mental Health therapists are able to provide help one day a week at Redwater. Either through physician or self-referral. They specialize in crisis intervention (suicide risk assessments, and urgent assessments). And offer counseling for those who suffer from depression, bipolar, and schizophrenia.
Optometrist services.
The fist optometrist office opened in Redwater in February, 1996. They provide total optometry services to the residents of Redwater, and surrounding communities.
PARTY program.
The Redwater and District PARTY Program (Prevent Alcohol and Risk Related Trauma in Youth) provides programming for alcohol-related trauma, etc.
Other services.
Other services include:

</doc>
<doc id="21424952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424952" title="Thompson Rivers University, Open Learning">
Thompson Rivers University, Open Learning

Thompson Rivers University, Open Learning (TRU-OL) is a Canadian distance education provider, operating as the Open Learning Division of Thompson Rivers University (TRU) in Kamloops, British Columbia. The Open Learning Division, which is situated in the BC Centre for Open Learning on TRU's Kamloops campus, offers courses and programs through online and distance learning. Currently over 590 courses and 55 programs are available for enrolment.
About TRU-OL.
The Open Learning Division of Thompson Rivers University was created in 2005 when the university assumed ownership of all courses and programs of the former BC Open University. Today TRU-OL is based in the new BC Centre for Open Learning building located on the main Kamloops campus of TRU.
The Open Learning division offers courses and programs through online and distance learning. Currently over 550 courses and 55 programs are available for enrolment. Program credentials include adult secondary school completion; certificates and diplomas, including advanced and post-baccalaureate; associate degrees; and bachelor's degrees.
Most of the Open Learning Division's distance courses are offered continually throughout the year and are non-paced, which means students work through coursework on their own at their own pace. Approximately 300 courses are designed and delivered by TRU-OL, while another 250 courses are available for registration through consortium institutions including Simon Fraser University and the University of Victoria.
Learning Support Network.
Student Services Advisors help students develop educational plans and provide assistance determining prerequisites and entrance requirements for specific programs, transferring credit and assessing informal credit based on prior work experience. Once enrolled in a program, each student is assigned a personal Program Advisor who, through the entirety of their program, helps guide their education from program planning to course sequencing and selection. Students who complete a certificate, diploma or degree through TRU-OL will receive a TRU credential and are invited to attend one of the two convocation ceremonies held at the TRU Kamloops campus.
Distance and online programs and courses.
Thompson Rivers University offers degrees and courses in Adult Basic Education, Arts, Business and Management Studies, Education, General Studies, Health and Human Services, Science, Technology and Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="21424960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424960" title="Charles A. Mason">
Charles A. Mason

Charles A. Mason was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
Charles A. Mason purchased Austin B. Witherbee's self-named drug store downtown and ran it for 22 years. It is now the name of a new grocery store set to open in spring 2009 to serve the downtown area at the corner of King Avenue and University Drive, the former old Hats by Jake building.
Political life.
He was elected as the mayor of the City of Flint in 1881 serving a 1-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="21424966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424966" title="Free Association Books">
Free Association Books

Free Association Books is an innovative project started in 1980s London. It arose as the brainchild of Bob Young and colleagues, who, disillusioned by the decline of the liberatory movement, began a search using psychoanalysis to understand the problems of liberation. Other key figures involved in the movement were Michael Rustin, Karl Figlio, Barry Richards, Andrew Samuels, Bob Hinshelwood, Andrew Cooper. It grew quickly into a publishing house which produced well-made books by a new international generation of young psychoanalysts.
Its house journal was "Free Associations", which commenced publication in 1984, initially as "Radical Science 15". Its annual conference, "Psychoanalysis and the Public Sphere" ran in conjunction with the University of East London.
Authors who have published with them include Mary Barnes, Martin Bernal, Janine Chasseguet-Smirgel (for English translations), Michael Fordham, André Green, Donna Haraway, Oliver James, Ludmilla Jordanova, Joel Kovel, Michel Odent, Paul Roazen, Adam Jukes and Eugene Victor Wolfenstein
Free Association Books is now owned by Free Publishing Ltd and continues to publish a wide range of texts.

</doc>
<doc id="21424970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424970" title="Emilie Hammarskjöld">
Emilie Hammarskjöld

Emilie Augusta Kristina Hammarskjöld, née Holmberg, (6 May 1821 – 26 March 1854) was a Swedish composer, singer, pianist, music teacher and organist. She was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music.
Background.
She was born in Stockholm, Sweden, to Emelie Hellgren and the merchant Carl Christian Holmberg. She was taken under the care of Ulrica Brendler and the composer Eduard Brendler. She studied music with Erik Drake and singing from Johan Peter Cronhamn. In 1836, she published her first compositions. She debuted as a concert singer and a pianist in 1838. In 1841, she founded her own music institute in Stockholm. The same year, she also made a study trip to Paris with the poet Julia Nyberg. She was elected in to the Royal Swedish Academy of Music in 27 May 1841.
Immigration.
She married estate-owner Peder Hjalmar Hammarskjöld of Skultuna Bruk in 1844. The same year, they emigrated to the United States because of her husband's creditors. Emilie Hammarskjöld made a grand tour through America and made a great success. She organized and performed a concert in Armory Hall in Washington, D.C. in February 1845, and was given a very good review during her performance as a pianist in New Orleans. After this, she was employed as an organist in Charleston in South Carolina. She also founded a philharmonic society in the city.
She composed seven collected works of which five are preserved. They are made in a romantic style with inventive melodies and surprising turns. Emilie Hammarskjöld was the mother of three daughters. She died in childbirth during the birth of her fourth daughter in 1854 in Charleston, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="21424979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424979" title="Idaho State Bengals">
Idaho State Bengals

The Idaho State Bengals are the varsity athletic teams representing Idaho State University in Pocatello, Idaho in intercollegiate athletics. The university sponsors thirteen teams including men and women's basketball, cross country, tennis, and track and field; women's-only golf, soccer, softball, and volleyball; and men's-only football. The Bengals compete in NCAA Division I and are currently members of the Big Sky Conference. Their main rivals are Boise State University in Boise, Idaho and the University of Idaho in Moscow, Idaho.
Teams.
Football.
In the 2009 campaign, Bengal football boasted a one win record, which wasn't an improvement over the 2008 campaign. Bengal football hasn't had a season above .500 since the 2003 campaign (8-4) with its best record since then being 5-6 in 2005.
In October 2009 Idaho State University Director of Athletics Jeff Tingey announced that the contract of head football coach John Zamberlin would be extended for two more years, meaning Zamberin will be on the Bengal sidelines manning the program through the 2011 season.
Hired in late December 2006, Zamberlin's record at ISU is just 4-25. The decision has been highly criticized by many students, faculty, and community members. The administration have stood by their decision, citing an increase in athlete attendance in classes and graduation rates as a direct result of Zamberlin's coaching.
In 2010, the Bengals went 1-10 overall and 0-8 in the Big Sky Conference. Zamberlin was fired and former Eastern Washington and Montana State coach, Mike Kramer, was hired. Among his assistants are former University of Alabama football players Todd Bates and Rudy Griffin.
Idaho State used to enjoy healthy rivalries with both the University of Idaho and Boise State University when all three schools were members of the Big Sky Conference. When both Idaho and BSU left the Big Sky in 1996 to move up to Division I-A, Idaho State University lost their main rivals. Both Idaho and BSU still occasionally play Idaho State in football, however since 1996, both Idaho and BSU's dominance over Idaho State has solidified. Despite this, many students at both the University of Idaho and at Idaho State University would like to see this rivalry renewed into an annual event.
Since 1996, an old rivalry with the Weber State University Wildcats of nearby Ogden, Utah has intensified to become ISU's main rival in football. The Bengals also enjoy intense rivalries with both the University of Montana Grizzlies, and Montana State University Bobcats.
Basketball.
In March 1977, the men's basketball team made national headlines by defeating the UCLA Bruins 76-75 in the West regional semifinal of that year's NCAA Division I Basketball Tournament. The win qualified the Bengals for their only appearance to date in the Elite Eight. This is by far the high-water mark for Bengals basketball, and marked the first time since 1966 that UCLA failed to reach the Final Four. The Bengals were subsequently eliminated in the West regional final by the UNLV Runnin' Rebels.
Idaho State University's men's basketball team plays their home games at Holt Arena, which has a seating capacity of 8,000 for basketball games. The most recent appearance of the men's team in the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship was in 1987, when it was eliminated 70-95 in the first round by UNLV. 
Idaho State University's women's basketball team plays their home games at Reed Gym, which has a seating capacity of 3,040 for basketball games. The most recent appearance of the women's team in the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship was in 2012, when it was eliminated 41-70 in the first round by the Miami Hurricanes.
Idaho State University still maintains an active rivalry in basketball with both the University of Idaho Vandals and the Boise State University Broncos. In recent years, ISU has dominated UI in basketball, but in turn been dominated by BSU.

</doc>
<doc id="21424980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424980" title="Dick Evans (footballer)">
Dick Evans (footballer)

Richard "Dick" Evans (c.1875 – 13 January 1942) was an English footballer, who played at outside-right, spending most of his career with Burslem Port Vale as well as a two-year spell at Southampton where he won two Southern League championships.
Playing career.
Burslem Port Vale.
Evans joined Burslem Port Vale from Newcastle White Star in November 1894. He scored his first Second Division goal on 5 January 1895, in a 2–2 draw at Crewe Alexandra. He went on to finish the 1894–95 season with six goals in 19 appearances. He scored four goals in 22 games in 1895–96, including one in a 5–4 win over Liverpool at the Athletic Ground.
After the club were demoted from the Football League to the Midland League, Evans became the club's joint top-scorer with Danny Simpson two seasons running, with 14 goals in 1896–97 and 11 goals in 1897–98. He helped the club lift the Staffordshire Senior Cup in 1898. He lost his first team place in February 1899, despite having scored twice against Woolwich Arsenal, and finished the 1898–99 season with 13 goals in 30 games. He left the club and signed for Southern League side Reading in the summer of 1899. He helped the "Royals" to finish fourth in 1899–1900, ninth in 1900–01, and fifth in 1901–02.
Southampton.
In the close season of 1902, Evans moved from Reading to fellow Southern League team Southampton. He arrived at The Dell with a high reputation following his achievements with Port Vale. Nicknamed "Jammer", he had a deadly shot and was a quick and reliable right winger who rapidly became a favourite with the fans, who also loved his "never-say-die" spirit".
He made his debut in the opening game of the 1902–03 season, a 6–0 victory over Brentford (in which John Fraser scored a hat trick). He soon became a fixture on the right wing, with Joe Turner on the left, although in January he lost his place to Scottish international Mark Bell as a result of an injury, before returning at the end of February. In his first season with the "Saints" he played 23 matches, scoring seven goals, as Southampton claimed the Southern League title for the fifth time in seven years.
Evans started the 1903–04 season with three goals in the first three matches and was on the scoresheet regularly, until December when a serious leg injury forced him to sit out most of the rest of the season, (being replaced first by Joe Turner and then by Harry Turner) only returning for the last three matches. Evans' nine goals from his 18 appearances helped Southampton claim the Southern League title for the sixth (and final) time.
Ill health and injuries forced his retirement in 1904 — in his two years at The Dell, he made 41 appearances (16 goals) and helped the team to claim two championship trophies.
Return to Port Vale.
A return to Port Vale followed in September 1904, however in only his second game – a 1–0 home defeat by Wolverhampton Wanderers in the Staffordshire Senior Cup — he suffered a career-ending injury and retired that year. He had played 134 matches (61 in the Football League) and scored 49 goals (21 in the league) in his two spells with the club.
After football.
After his brief sojourn back in the Potteries, he returned to Southampton becoming the landlord of the London Arms in the Docks, a position he held until he retired in 1936. He then settled in Salisbury, where he died in January 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="21424997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21424997" title="Heinrich Popow">
Heinrich Popow

Heinrich Popow (born 14 July 1983) is a German sprinter. At the Paralympics 2012 in London he won Gold in 100 metres sprint. In addition, he is the reigning World and European Champion in 100 metres sprint and reigning World Champion in long jump. In total, he won 27 medals at the Paralympic Games, World and European Championships.
Disciplines.
Heinrich Popow specialises in 100 metres sprint, the most prestigious discipline in track and field. Furthermore, he starts in 200 metres, long jump and 4 × 100 metres relay.
Athletic successes.
Heinrich Popow started his sport career in 2001 at TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen. Following an invitation for a track and field training at Bayer, he convinced his coaches by excellent results. Today he practises in a group of Karl-Heinz Düe together with heptathletes like the German Olympian Jennifer Oeser. At the World Championships in Athletics in Lille, 2002, he won a bronze medal in long jump and established himself as a top athlete. At his first Paralympics in Athens 2004 he won three bronze medals in 100 metres, 200 metres, and long jump. Popow boosted performance at the Paralympics in Beijing 2008 once again and won the silver medal by running 100 metres in 12.98 seconds. Finally, Heinrich Popow won Gold in 100 metres at the Paralympics in London 2012. With a time of 12.40 seconds, he prevailed over the Australian Scott Reardon and his German team-mate Wojtek Czyz at the Olympic Stadium.
Childhood and job.
Heinrich Popow's family emigrated from Kazakhstan to Germany when he was seven years old. He grew up in Hachenburg (Westerwald), in Western Germany. At the age of nine, his left leg was amputated up to the thigh as a consequence of an Ewing’s sarcoma in the left fibula (knee disarticulation). In Interviews, the athlete points out that the amputation was harder for his parents than for himself. His biggest concern those days was about not being able to play football as he did before. Heinrich Popow describes himself as sports-mad. He tried several sports after his amputation, before starting track and field, in 2001, at TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen. He works part-time as an IT system administrator at the football club Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH.
Work with young talents.
In addition to his athletic career, Heinrich Popow supports and motivates young talents. He visits amputees in hospitals to motivate them for sports after their amputation. At Bayer 04, he acts as a mentor for several young athletes and supports their career with words of advice. To reach young talents, Heinrich Popow relies on social media.
Popularity and positioning.
Heinrich Popow is one of the most popular German athletes on Facebook. The number of his fans grows constantly. Due to his clear statements he became "probably the most admired Paralympian in Germany." Often quoted by mass media, Heinrich Popow became a needed voice of Paralympic sports in Germany. The man from Leverkusen demands "respect and appreciation" for Paralympic athletes. At the same time, he claims a professionalisation of Paralympic sports. Popow defended lower bonuses for Paralympic athletes compared to Olympic winners. He explains his opinion with the lower competition within the Paralympic field. Furthermore, Popow defended the separation of the Paralympics and Olympics, otherwise the Paralympics would be eclipsed by the Olympic Games.
Nominations and Prizes.
In November 2012, Heinrich Popow was repeatedly honoured with a Silver Laurel Leaf. The highest sports award is being conferred by the Federal President of Germany to outstanding athletes. In 2011, Heinrich Popow was one of the most promising candidates for the election of the German award "Disabled Athlete of the Year". After his success in London 2012, he is again nominated for this award.

</doc>
<doc id="21425003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425003" title="John Arthur Pilcher">
John Arthur Pilcher

Sir John Arthur Pilcher GCMG (16 May 1912 – 10 February 1990) was a British diplomat, capping a long career with a posting as Her Majesty's ambassador to Austria (1965-1957) and as ambassador to Japan (1967–1972).
Career.
Pilcher's entered the consular service after passing an open examination in 1935. 
His career in the Foreign Service was marked by appointment as one of His Majesty's Vice-Consuls in China in 1940.
Pilcher was the British ambassador to the Philippines 1959–63, and to Austria 1965–67 when the Queen conferred with the honour of Knight Commander in the Order of St Michael and St George. 
Sir John ended his career as Her Majesty's ambassador in Tokyo from 1967 through 1972, He was considered by some of his peers as "the last of the scholar-diplomats."
Although Sir John was appropriately diplomatic in his professional duties, he was capable of extraordinary frankness in dispatches sent to Whitehall. While there is no doubt that Sir John was sincere, his seeming inability to recognize an inherent double-standard in his views is revealing about the attitude that many British and European scholars took towards non-Europeans in the early postwar decades. For instance, the substance of a declassified 1972 letter to the Foreign Secretary Sir Alec Douglas-Home was published in the "Japan Times" in 2003. In that dispatch, Sir John expressed views which are no less controversial today than when he wrote them. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425004" title="Jerome Singleton">
Jerome Singleton

Jerome Singleton (born July 7, 1986) is a Paralympic athlete from the United States competing mainly in category T44 (single below knee amputation) sprint events. Because he had no fibula in his right calf, his leg was amputated below the knee when he was 18 months old. 
Singleton was born in Greenwood, South Carolina, and attended Dutch Fork High School where he played varsity football, junior varsity basketball and track. He holds a bachelor’s degree in math and applied physics from Morehouse College and a bachelor’s in industrial and operations engineering from the University of Michigan. He has worked as a researcher at NASA and CERN.
Major Achievements.
High School

</doc>
<doc id="21425024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425024" title="European route E68">
European route E68

European route E 68 is a road part of the International E-road network and links Hungary with Romania. It starts in Szeged, Hungary and ends in Braşov, Romania having a total length of of which in Hungary and in Romania.
The road follows: Szeged - Makó - Nădlac - Pecica - Arad - Lipova - Deva - Simeria - Orăştie - Sebeş - Sibiu - Șelimbăr - Făgăraş - Braşov

</doc>
<doc id="21425037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425037" title="Sebastian Schoof">
Sebastian Schoof

Sebastian Schoof (born March 22, 1980) is a German football player. As of January 2011, he plays for SF Troisdorf. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Bayer 04 Leverkusen.

</doc>
<doc id="21425041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425041" title="Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue Between Cultures">
Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue Between Cultures

The Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue Between Cultures is a network of civil society organisations dedicated to promoting intercultural dialogue in the Mediterranean region.
It was set up in 2005 by the governments of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership (Euromed), a political agreement made in 1995 between the European Union and Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Israel, Syria and Turkey.
It is named in honour of Anna Lindh, the Swedish Foreign Minister who was murdered in 2003. The name was put forward by Egypt at a meeting 25 September 2003. The Foundation’s headquarters are in Alexandria in Egypt.
In 2008 André Azoulay was elected president of the Foundation.
Fields of action.
The Anna Lindh Foundation facilitates and supports the action of civil society of the Euro-Mediterranean Region in priority fields which affects the capacity for individuals and groups to share values and live together. The Foundation’s programme is focused on activities in fields which are essential for human and social dialogue: Education and Youth; Culture and Arts; Peace and Co-existence; Values, Religion and Spirituality; Cities and Migration; Media.
Mandate.
The purpose of the Anna Lindh Foundation (ALF) is to bring people together from across the Mediterranean to improve mutual respect between cultures and to support civil society working for a common future of the Region.
Since its launch in 2005, the ALF has launched and supported action across fields impacting on mutual perceptions among people of different cultures and beliefs, as well as developing a region-wide Network of over 3000 civil society organisations.
Through its action and reflection, the ALF aims to contribute to the development of an Intercultural Strategy for the Euro-Mediterranean Region, providing recommendations to decision-makers and institutions and advocating for shared values.

</doc>
<doc id="21425051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425051" title="Hugh Inglis">
Hugh Inglis

Sir Hugh Inglis, 1st Baronet (30 April 1744 – 21 August 1820) was an East Indies merchant and politician. 
Inglis went to the East Indies in 1762, and returned in 1775. He was chosen as a Director of the East India Company in 1784, where he served as deputy-chairman in 1796 to 1797 and 1799–1800 and chairman in 1797 to 1798 and 1800 to 1801. He was Chairman of Marine Society in 1798. He was appointed Colonel of the 2nd regiment of Royal East India Volunteers. In June 1801, he was created a baronet. In 1802, he was elected M. P. for Ashburton and held the seat until 1806. Inglis married Catherine Johnson in 1784. She had inherited the Milton Bryan estate, and after her death in 1792 it became the property of her husband. 
Inglis died at his house, in Queen Anne Street, London aged 76. A monument by Chantrey was erected to his memory in Milton Bryan Church.

</doc>
<doc id="21425068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425068" title="1931 Frankford Yellow Jackets season">
1931 Frankford Yellow Jackets season

The 1931 Frankford Yellow Jackets season was their eighth and final in the National Football League. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–13–1, winning only one league game. The team has the dubious distinction of winning only a single NFL game by a single point, as was held scoreless in seven of their eight league games, including their first five of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21425080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425080" title="Brian Frasure">
Brian Frasure

Brian Frasure is a Paralympian athlete from the United States competing mainly in category T44 sprint events.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T44 event and was disqualifed in the men's 200 metres - T44 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece, where he won a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T42-46 event, a gold medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T42-46 event, a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T44 event, and a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T44 event. He also competed in the T44 200 metres, breaking the world record in the heats but was disqualified in the final. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, winning a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T42-46 event and a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T44 event.
Frasure is also a prosthetist and fitted Oscar Pistorius with his first pair of Ossur Flex-Foot Cheetah carbon fiber running blades.

</doc>
<doc id="21425085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425085" title="The Killjoys (UK band)">
The Killjoys (UK band)

The Killjoys were a punk band from Birmingham, England, formed in 1976, with members including Kevin Rowland and Kevin "Al" Archer, who would later form Dexys Midnight Runners, and Ghislaine 'Gil' Weston who would later join Girlschool. Although their releases while still together were limited to one single, subsequent interest has seen an album of their recordings released.
History.
Kevin Rowland (vocals, a trained hairdresser), Gil Weston (a.k.a. 'Gem', bass guitar), and Mark Philips (guitar) had been members of the mid-1970s Roxy Music-inspired band Lucy & the Lovers. With the advent of punk rock, Rowland wrote new songs and started The Killjoys, adding Heather Tonge (backing vocals) and Joe 45 (Lee Burton, drums). The band relocated to London and took up lodgings in a disused Barclays Bank. The band came to the attention of Raw Records boss Lee Wood, who signed the band for the single "Johnny Won't Get to Heaven"/"Naïve", which went on to sell 18,000 copies. The band recorded two sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show, the first in October 1977, the second in February 1978, by which time Keith Rimell (guitar) and Bob Peach (drums) had been recruited, replacing Philips and Burton, with Tonge also leaving. Rowland used his hairdressing talents to give the new members short haircuts. The tension between Rowland and the rest of the band was clear, Rimell describing the atmosphere as "us against him", and Gareth Holder of The Shapes noted "the level of hatred that the rest of the Killjoys appear to have for him". This line-up lasted for eighteen months, during which several recording sessions took place for a debut album. Rimell left the band after an argument with Rowland, to be replaced by Kevin Archer, who Rowland insisted should be renamed Al Archer as he would not have two Kevin's in the band. The band disintegrated when Rowland's enforced eight-hour practice sessions began to take their toll, and Rowland rejected a £20,000 contract with Bronze Records because it was only a singles deal, to the disdain of other band members. Peach, Philips and Weston left to form Out of Nowhere (later called Alternating, and then Luxound Deluxe), with Weston later joining Girlschool on the recommendation of Lemmy. Rowland, disillusioned with punk rock, immersed himself in vintage soul music, particularly the records of Geno Washington, and (with Archer) formed a new band, Dexys Midnight Runners.

</doc>
<doc id="21425099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425099" title="Yohansson Nascimento">
Yohansson Nascimento

Yohansson Nascimento (born 25/09/1987) is an athlete and Paralympian from Brazil competing mainly in T45/46 sprint events. He was born without both his hands, and is classified T45. He started athletics in 2005.
Nascimento competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There, he won a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T42-46 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T46 event, finished fifth in the men's 200 metres - T46 event and went out in the first round of the men's 400 metres - T46 event.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, he won a gold medal in the men's 200 metres T46 event, breaking the T45 world record twice in the process. He won a silver medal in the T46 400m event, also in T45 world record time. He set a third T45 world record in his 100m heat but in the final he pulled up injured and fell to the track. His determination to cross the finish line regardless was selected Number 9 in the IPC's Top 50 Paralympic Moments of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21425108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425108" title="Werner Kurz">
Werner Kurz

Werner Kurz is a Canadian research scientist at the Canadian Forest Service. He leads the development of a National Forest Carbon Accounting System for Canada. His research focuses on the impacts of natural disturbances, forest management and land-use change on forest carbon budgets. Kurz holds a PhD in forest ecology from the University of British Columbia. He has made significant contributions to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the work of the IPCC (including the contributions of many scientists) was recognised by the joint award of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="21425116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425116" title="1988 Paris Open – Doubles">
1988 Paris Open – Doubles

Jakob Hlasek and Claudio Mezzadri were the defending champions but only Hlasek competed that year with Joey Rive.
Hlasek and Rive lost in the first round to Darren Cahill and Brad Drewett.
Paul Annacone and John Fitzgerald won in the final 6–2, 6–2 against Jim Grabb and Christo van Rensburg.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21425117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425117" title="Wall painting in Turkey">
Wall painting in Turkey

Wall Painting in Turkey (Anatolia) often reflect influences from the eastern and western styles and subject matters that date back to the Neolithic Age as the region has been the crossroad between Europe and the Middle East.
Bronze Age.
The evidence for wall painting during the Bronze Age is less abundant. Tiny fragments of painted plaster have been found in the Late Bronze Age levels of Troy, and at the Hittite capitol of Hattusa (Boğazköy). The Hittites were also in contact with civilizations in Syria that had wall paintings and probably exchanged ideas with them.
Iron Age.
The Iron Age provides more evidence for the decoration of walls with paint. First, the 8th-7th century BC fortified sites of the Urartian kingdom in eastern Anatolia have some paintings that combine Neo-Assyrian and Anatolian stylistic elements. Paintings from the temple at Patnos (Anzavur/Kot Tepe) depict bulls striding and kneeling. At Van-Toprakkale, traces of blue and red paint were discovered in a temple. Evidence for painting was also discovered at Altıntepe and Çavuştepe.
Archaic Period.
In the middle of the 6th century BCE, the Achaemenid Persian Empire, led by Cyrus the Great, conquered most of the polities that existed at that time across western Anatolia, most notably the Lydian kingdom of Croesus. The consolidation of this area under a single, external power from the east affected the indigenous cultures. A ruling Persian elite undoubtedly brought a knowledge of imperial iconography with them from home. Yet, these outside ideas combined with both local ideas as well as Greek ideas brought from the west, to form a new style used by Anatolians in the decoration of their walls. Most of our artistic evidence from this period comes from burial chambers.
For half a century before the Persians invaded, the Lydians of west-central Anatolia had been burying their rulers in stone chamber tombs under monumental tumulus burial markers, a form borrowed in part from the Phrygians. Although the Lydian tumuli become smaller after the Persian invasion, they also become more numerous. Thus a local burial tradition was allowed to continue, but with changes based on outside influences. For example, stone klinai (death couches) imitated Greek wooden originals in shape and painted decoration. Two of the known tombs of Lydian Tumuli had painted walls. Unfortunately, looting and destruction of the tombs, as well as the subsequent dispersal of the paintings and objects on the art market has significantly limited the scientific investigation of these tombs. The first tomb, called Harta, or Abidintepe, is located in Manisa Province and has three separate profile views of human figures. It is believed that these three persons were walking one behind the other with many additional figures in a procession around the tomb chamber, possibly bearing gifts for the deceased. This type of procession is very similar to the one carved in relief on the Apadana at Persepolis. Further Persian influence is evident from the servant costume worn by one figure that reflects costumes seen at Darius I's palace at Susa. 
A second Lydian tumulus, called Aktepe and located in modern Uşak province, has two human figures painted on opposite walls of the tomb chamber. They flank and face towards where the body would have lay. Their gestures include holding a branch towards the body with one hand and holding the other hand before their mouths, possibly as a sign of silent reverence. They appear to wear Greek-style clothing. Moving to the southeast edge of Lydia, we find a wooden tomb chamber from the Tatarlı tumulus near Dinar in modern Afyon province. The panels of this tomb were painted and include a scene of battling soldiers that is reminiscent of Greek vase painting.
Two tombs from this period with wall paintings have also been discovered in Lycia. The Karaburun tomb has a scene depicting a man reclining and holding aloft a drinking bowl. This may reflect elements of the Anatolian tradition of the funerary feast, well known from tumulus burials at Gordion. The other painted Lycian tomb is Kızılbel, which depicts Greek legends from the Homeric epics, as well as aspects of kingship similar to those seen in Assyrian imagery.
One unique set of wall paintings from around 500BCE was found at Gordion, the previous capital city of the Phrygian kingdom. A small building with many painted plaster fragments was discovered on the citadel between two larger megara, and was dubbed "the painted house." The fragments include pieces of human figures in profile, and thus may have been part of a procession similar to that seen in the Harta tumulus. The exact purpose of the painted house is unclear, though a ritual or even funerary function cannot be ruled out.

</doc>
<doc id="21425138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425138" title="Sebastian Plate">
Sebastian Plate

Sebastian Plate (born 7 August 1979) is a German football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21425155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425155" title="Bill Atwood">
Bill Atwood

William Franklin Atwood is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He was born on September 25, 1911 in Rome, Georgia. Bill attended college at Hardin-Simmons University. In 342 career games between 1936 and 1940, Atwood had 220 hits in 961 at bats, all for the Philadelphia Phillies. He died on September 14, 1993 in Snyder, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21425160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425160" title="Yamasa Institute">
Yamasa Institute

The Yamasa Institute (Japanese: YAMASA言語文化研究所 or YAMASA言語文化学院) is a private Japanese Language school located in Okazaki, Aichi Prefecture.
The Institute began language instruction in 1989, and was founded through the Hattori Foundation, a philanthropic educational organisation established in 1919. The Yamasa Institute has since become one of the largest Japanese language schools in the region, and has built up a reputation for providing high-quality tuition in an international environment, with strict controls on the native language background of its intake. 
The Yamasa Institute operates mainly through its “Aichi Center for Japanese Studies” campus near JR Okazaki Station. The school originally occupied one floor of the “Yamasa II” office block, but has grown to incorporate the whole of the building as well as several large purpose-built teaching blocks. 
The Institute is accredited by the APJLE (Association for the Promotion of Japanese Language Education), the governing body established by the Japanese Government (Ministry of Education Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Justice) and education providers. This enables the school to receive students into its programs with student visas (Shugakusei visa). Yamasa's accreditation number is B302. 
The school conducts instruction in a wide range of courses relating to Japanese language and culture, with its main programmes being the SILAC (short acquisition) options and the AIJP (Advanced-intensive) courses. Graduate Certificate and Graduate Diploma in Modern Japanese Studies are awarded to long-term students satisfying the requirements upon graduation.
The school accommodates approximately 300 students during peak time in the Northern Hemisphere summer holidays. Since its inception, Yamasa has provided Japanese language tuition to students from over 80 countries. 
Unusual among Japanese language institutes, the school places limits on its intake dependent on native-language background. This is to facilitate the usage of Japanese as the school’s lingua franca.
The school also provides housing to almost all students, and runs an extensive Homestay programme with families in the Okazaki and Mikawa regions. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425183" title="James Franklin (American football coach)">
James Franklin (American football coach)

James Franklin (born February 2, 1972) is an American football coach. He currently is the head coach at Penn State.
Early years.
Franklin was born in Langhorne, Pennsylvania on February 2, 1972. He attended Neshaminy High School in Langhorne, and went to college at East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania, where he played as a quarterback all four years. In that position, he set seven school records and was a Division II player of the year nominee in 1994. "Sports Illustrated" named him a National Player of the Week that season. He earned a Bachelors of Science degree in psychology in 1995.
Coaching career.
He began his coaching career in 1995 as a wide receivers coach at Kutztown University of Pennsylvania. The following season, he took over as the coach of the defensive secondary for his alma mater, East Stroudsburg. That year, he was also the offensive coordinator for the Roskilde Kings of the Danish American Football Federation. In 1997, he became wide receivers coach at James Madison, and, the following year, became tight ends coach at Washington State.
In 1999, he served as wide receivers coach at Idaho State. That year, the Bengals recorded 29 touchdowns, 258 receptions, and in excess of 3,300 passing yards for one of the best statistical seasons in school history. Idaho State ranked ninth nationally in total offense that year.
Franklin has also held internships at several National Football League (NFL) franchises, including the Miami Dolphins, Philadelphia Eagles, and Minnesota Vikings.
Maryland.
Franklin first served at the University of Maryland as the wide receivers coach starting in 2000. In November 2000, head coach Ron Vanderlinden was dismissed and replaced by Ralph Friedgen, a Maryland alum and former Georgia Tech offensive coordinator. Friedgen retained Franklin as the wide receivers coach, one of only two assistants to be kept on the new coaching staff (running backs coach Mike Locksley was the other).
In 2003, Franklin's duties expanded to include the position of recruiting coordinator. Since then, he has been considered a top recruiter. His geographic areas of concentration for recruiting were Baltimore; Prince George's County, Maryland; and public schools in Washington, D.C. In 2005, Franklin departed Maryland to serve as the wide receivers coach for the Green Bay Packers of the NFL.
Kansas State.
Franklin served at Kansas State University as the quarterbacks coach and offensive coordinator for the 2006 and 2007 seasons. He joined head coach Ron Prince as the first coaching staff to follow the legendary Bill Snyder. During his tenure at K-State, Franklin nurtured record setting offensive talent; including the future NFL starters quarterback Josh Freeman and All-America wide receiver Jordy Nelson. Despite impressive wins over a top 5 team and an appearance in the inaugural Texas Bowl, the Wildcat program was a far cry from the title contending teams fielded during the Snyder era. Franklin left the Wildcat coaching staff prior to Ron Prince's 2008 dismissal, and subsequent return of Coach Bill Snyder.
Vanderbilt.
Vanderbilt considered Franklin a candidate for its head coaching position vacated with the forced resignation of Robbie Caldwell after the 2010 season. "The Washington Post" reported other candidates for the job were Al Golden of Temple and Larry Coker of UTSA (and formerly Miami), and that Franklin was not the frontrunner. After Auburn offensive coordinator Gus Malzahn turned down the job, Vanderbilt began talks to hire Franklin as its head coach. On December 17, Vanderbilt announced Franklin had been hired as head coach. Franklin is the first African American to be head coach of a major sport at Vanderbilt, and the third to be a head football coach in the Southeastern Conference (after Sylvester Croom, formerly at Mississippi State, and former Kentucky head coach Joker Phillips).
Convinced of the strength of Southeastern Conference football, Franklin in the final regular-season coaches poll for 2012 ranked three SEC teams—Alabama, Georgia, Florida—ahead of the consensus Number 1 team, Notre Dame.
Interestingly enough, after a blow-out loss to Alabama in the BCS National Championship Game, Notre Dame finished the season ranked 4th in the AP Poll, providing validation for Franklin's "controversial" ballot.
Franklin led Vanderbilt to a bowl game all three of his seasons as head coach at Vanderbilt, a team that had never previously participated in a bowl game in consecutive seasons. In his second season (2012), the Commodores finished 9–4 and ranked in both the Associated Press and USA Today end-of-season coaches' top 25 for the first time since 1948 (and the first ranking in any week since 2008). It was just the third nine-win season in school history. Additionally, Vanderbilt's fifteen combined wins in Franklin's first two years in charge was the Commodores' highest total since 1926–1927. In his third season at Vanderbilt, the Commodores again finish 9-4 and were ranked in the AP and USA TODAY top 25 poll. Franklin finished his Vanderbilt career with a record of 24-15 (an average of 8 wins per year).
Franklin's departure from Vanderbilt was not without controversy, as his sudden move to Penn State upset much of the Vanderbilt and Nashville communities. In the days following the move, Franklin was forced to discuss his response to an alleged gang rape by incoming recruits. 
Franklin led Vanderbilt to a bowl game in each of his three seasons as head coach. Vanderbilt had never previously participated in a bowl game in consecutive seasons. In his second season (2012), the Commodores finished 9–4 and ranked in both the Associated Press and USA Today end-of-season coaches' top 25 for the first time since 1948 (and the first ranking in any week since 2008). It was just the third nine-win season in school history. Additionally, Vanderbilt's fifteen combined wins in Franklin's first two years in charge was the Commodores' highest total since 1926–1927. In his third and final season at Vanderbilt, the Commodores again finish 9-4 and were ranked in the AP and USA TODAY top 25 poll. Franklin finished his Vanderbilt career with a record of 24-15 (an average of 8 wins per year).
Penn State.
On January 11, 2014, the Athletic Department at Penn State announced the appointment of Franklin as the new head football coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions. Penn State agreed to pay $1.5 million that Franklin owed Vanderbilt for early termination of his contract, Penn State disclosed this information January 24, 2014 according to USA TODAY Sports. He received a six-year contract, which will pay him $4.3 million for the 2014 season, including a $300,000 retention bonus payable if he is Penn State's coach on Dec. 31, 2014. He has an annual guaranteed pay increase of $100,000 along with retention bonuses, plus performance incentives each year. During his first few press conferences, he has said how he wants Penn State to once again be the most dominant school in recruiting in Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21425196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425196" title="Stephan Schulz-Winge">
Stephan Schulz-Winge

Stephan Schulz-Winge (born September 13, 1974 in Neuss) is a German football player. As of February 2009, he is a free agent. He spent 4 seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21425226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425226" title="Étienne Le Blanc">
Étienne Le Blanc

Étienne Le Blanc (1759 – July 11, 1831) was a merchant, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Saint-Maurice in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1814 to 1816.
He was born in Champlain, Quebec, the son of Jean-Jacques Le Blanc and Marie Héon, Acadian exiles. In 1796, he married Josette Richerville. In 1801, he moved to Trois-Rivières. Le Blanc was a justice of the peace and a commissioner for the relief of the insane and foundlings. He acquired much property, including the seigneury of Dutort and part of the seigneury of Champlain, as well as land in Godefroy and Roquetaillade seigneuries and in Trois-Rivières. Le Blanc died in Trois-Rivières.
His son Ovide Le Blanc was a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21425228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425228" title="1989 Paris Open">
1989 Paris Open

The 1989 Paris Open was a Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 18th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters). It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from October 30 through November 6, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21425230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425230" title="Eddie Sauer">
Eddie Sauer

Edward A. Sauer (November 27, 1898 - February 1980) was a professional football player who played during the early years of the National Football League. A resident of Van Buren Township, Ohio, Sauer attended and played football for nearby Miami University. He made his NFL debut in 1920 with the Dayton Triangles. Sauer also played for the Pottsville Maroons and won the 1925 NFL Championship with the team before the title was stripped from the team due to a disputed rules violation. he also played with the Akron Pros and the Canton Bulldogs of the early league.

</doc>
<doc id="21425270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425270" title="Enrico Gaede">
Enrico Gaede

Enrico Gaede (born 31 January 1982 in Stralsund, East Germany) is a German footballer playing for KSV Hessen Kassel. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach and played 35 games.

</doc>
<doc id="21425276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425276" title="Rafael, Chile">
Rafael, Chile

Rafael is a town in the commune of Tomé, in Concepción Province, in the Biobío Region of Chile. 
History.
Originally a crossroads on the Camino Real between Concepcion and Chillan and Santiago. It was first the site of a mill on the Pingueral River. On October 24, 1657, Pedro Porter Casanate built a fort "San Rafael de Coelemu" to protect the Royal roads and secure the Coelemu region from the attacks of the Mapuche. Later a Jesuit encomienda and a church were established there. In 1835, it became the capital of the Department of Coelemu, until the town of Coelemu replaced Rafael as the capital in January 1854. On October 22, 1891, Rafael was made a municipality. On December 30, 1927, it became part of the new Department of Tomé.

</doc>
<doc id="21425288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425288" title="Richard Forsyth">
Richard Forsyth

Richard Forsyth (born 3 October 1970) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder. He made nearly 250 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City, Stoke City, Blackpool, Peterborough United and Cheltenham Town.
Playing career.
Forsyth was born in Dudley, which is now in the West Midlands county. He began his football career with Stourbridge before joining Kidderminster Harriers in 1987. In eight years with the club he played more than 300 games in all competitions, scoring 71 goals, and was part of the team which won the Conference title in 1993–94, and was leading league scorer for the 1994–95 with 13 goals, before moving to Birmingham City for a fee of £100,000.
A year later he moved on to Stoke City for a £200,000 fee, where he scored the first League goal in Stoke's new Britannia Stadium, went on to spend three seasons with the club playing more than 100 games in all competitions. His next move was to Blackpool on a free transfer in 1999, and then to Peterborough United, also on a free, where he linked up again with former Birmingham manager Barry Fry. In October 2002, amid financial uncertainty at Peterborough, Forsyth joined Cheltenham Town on a month's loan; on his return to Peterborough, the club expected him to remain with them, but, claiming the player had been "unsettled" by Cheltenham's offer of a longer permanent contract, finally allowed him to join Cheltenham for a fee of £15,000. In January 2003 he sustained a hamstring injury which put paid to the remainder of his season. Released at the end of the 2003–2004 season, Forsyth joined Northwich Victoria on non-contract terms, but within weeks he suffered cruciate ligament damage which would keep him out for the season.
He has since played for Stoke City's Masters team, and for Wolverhampton Casuals and Shawbury United of the West Midlands (Regional) League Premier Division.
After his career in football, he started teaching physical education at NEW Academy

</doc>
<doc id="21425312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425312" title="Merry-Joseph Blondel">
Merry-Joseph Blondel

Merry-Joseph Blondel (25 July 1781 – 12 June 1853) was a French Neoclassical painter.
After an initial apprenticeship as a painter with the porcelain manufacturer Dihl et Guerhard, he studied painting in the studio of Baron Jean-Baptiste Regnault. He won the prestigious Prix de Rome in 1803 for his painting of "Aeneas Carrying His Father Anchises", but didn’t take his place at the Villa Médicis in Rome until 1809, due to the suspension of scholarships. He remained in Rome from 1809 to 1812. At the salon of 1817, he was awarded a gold medal for his painting "The Death of Louis XII". Thereafter, his career was dominated by significant public commissions for paintings and murals to decorate important buildings and Royal palaces, including the Palace of Fontainebleau, the Palace of Versailles, the Louvre Museum, the Brongniart Palace and the Luxembourg Palace.
In 1832 he was elected a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts in Paris, after which he was also nominated professor at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts.
Merry-Joseph Blondel's 1814 painting "La Circassienne au Bain" became infamous during the early part of the 20th century for being the subject of the largest claim for financial compensation made against the White Star line, for a single item of luggage lost by a passenger on the RMS Titanic. The painting's owner, Lt. Mauritz Hakan Bjornstrom-Steffanson, a Swedish first class passenger, submitted a claim for $100,000 ($2.4 million equivalent in 2014) for the loss of Blondel's masterpiece.

</doc>
<doc id="21425317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425317" title="List of concerts in Hyde Park">
List of concerts in Hyde Park

Hyde Park in London, United Kingdom has been the venue for some famous rock concerts:
The Red Hot Chili Peppers performed three concerts in 2004, over the space of one week, which became the highest grossing concerts, at a single venue, in history.
The park has also played host to many music festivals, including The Party in the Park, since 1998, The Wireless Festival, since 2005 and Hard Rock Calling, since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21425318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425318" title="Christ in Bronze">
Christ in Bronze


</doc>
<doc id="21425323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425323" title="Te-ongsi Sirijunga Xin Thebe">
Te-ongsi Sirijunga Xin Thebe

Te-Ongsi Sirijunga Xin Thebe or Teyongshi Ziri Dzö-nga Xin Thebe was an 18th-century Limbu scholar, teacher, educationist, historian and philosopher of Limbuwan and Sikkim. He was formally known as Sirichongba but his more popular name was and remains Sirijanga.
Life.
Sirijanga was born in Sinam-Tellok (Yangwarok area) in Limbuwan in 1704. A Limbu language instruction book reveals Sirijanga's real name as Rupihaang. The "Haang" part of the name is a common Kirati term indicating a family of high or royal origin. Sirijanga had accepted his Lepcha nickname by claiming to be the incarnation of a legendary 9th-century historical figure called "Sirijanga". It has been widely believed that it was this legendary historical figure who preserved and revived the ancient Kirat scripts, but many now feel that the Sirijanga legend was most likely created by the 18th-century Sirijanga himself, with the intention of making the Limbu and Lepcha people more ready to believe and follow his teachings.
Work.
Sirijanga Singthebe researched and taught the Kirat-Sirijonga script, language and religion of the Limbus in various part of Limbuwan and Sikkim, India. Sirijanga revived the old Kirat script, today mistakenly known as Sirijanga. With the use of his newly revived script, he collected, composed and copied huge amounts of Kirat literature pertaining to history and cultural traditions. He travelled extensively through remote regions, attempting to amass sources of Limbu knowledge and culture. Eventually, he began going from village to village, publicising his findings and establishing centres of Kirati learning. In doing all of this, Sirijanga laid the foundation for a Kirat ethnic revival, and contributed significantly to the resistance against Tibetan Buddhist cultural domination. Sirijanga preached that acquiring broad cultural knowledge and experience was the key to the revival and enrichment of a community. In an attempt to trace the sources of his culture, he at first studied with local Tibetan Buddhist lamas, who at the time were the only means of connecting to a learned tradition in the region. 
Sirijanga was also witness to the influx of the Hindu-based Khas culture from the western hill districts of today's Nepal. As such, along with his preliminary studies under the local lamas, he also practiced reading and writing in contemporary Khas, now known as Nepali. In order to better understand the dynamics at play in the region and to gather support for his movement, Sirijanga traveled far and wide to establish contact with rulers and powerful personalities. In one of these travels, it seems that he had either contacted or met King Jayaprakash Malla of Kathmandu. This multi-lingual and multi-cultural exposure to Buddhist and Hindu standards enabled Sirijanga to grasp the fundamentals of both the region's dominant cultures. During Sirijanga's life, the Bhutanese and Sikkimese quest for greater control over the eastern Himalaya led to many wars between Limbu and Sikkimese Bhutia (Bhutia indicating Tibetan origin) authorities. In due time, the lamas of Sikkim were able to extend their monastic centres in the northern areas of the part of Limbuwan that now lies in Nepal. After some time, this cultural encroachment enabled the Bhutia rulers to repeatedly subdue and take control of the entire Kirat territory. 
The root of this state of conflict can be seen to lie in the politics of culture and knowledge at play in the region. Sikkimese Tibetan rulers and Buddhist spiritual leaders were able to subjugate the entire far-eastern Kirat region by means of their hold over the established learned traditions and the systematic spiritual culture of Buddhism. It was the realisation of this that led Sirijanga to emphasise the necessity of a peaceful, knowledge-based movement. 
Sirijanga's contribution in spreading Kirat-Sirijonga script, Limbu language, Mundhum and literature is immense. The Postal Services Department, Nepal Philatelic Bureau, Kathmandu has issued a postal ticket in his name in the Personalities Series.
Death.
In present-day terms, Sirijanga's ethnic movement can be said to be one of Kirat empowerment through education. Sirijanga's movement came to represent a significant threat, in particular to the Sikkimese Bhutia rulers and their spiritual gurus. His writings and teachings through the Kirati alphabets and literary texts he collected attracted significant numbers of Limbus and Lepchas, and led to the start of an ethnic awakening. Sirijanga was able to establish centres of Kirat cultural and religious learning in many places throughout the eastern Himalayan hills. The Sikkimese authorities felt threatened. Sirijanga was killed in Martam, Hee-Bermiok in West Sikkim in 1741 after being tied to a tree and shot at with arrows. The Kirat learning centres that he established were thus destroyed and Sirijanga's disciples murdered or brutally suppressed by the Bhutias for defying their insistence to convert the Limbus to Buddhism and also for the growth of the Limbu language and script that Sirijanga had taught. The place where Sirijanga was killed has a become a shrine to all people (irrespective of class, creed, and religion) from Sikkim and Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="21425327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425327" title="All-time Rochester Rhinos roster">
All-time Rochester Rhinos roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Rochester Rhinos (formerly the Raging Rhinos) since the USL began keeping archived records in 2003. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an USL appearance are noted at the bottom of the page where appropriate.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.<BR>
A "*" denotes players who are known to have appeared for the team prior to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21425343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425343" title="Andreas Spann">
Andreas Spann

Andreas Spann (born May 17, 1984 in Ulm) is a German football player who icurrently plays for VfL Osnabrück. He spent 3 seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21425361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425361" title="Andy Gosney">
Andy Gosney

Andrew R. "Andy" Gosney (born 8 November 1963) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He made 70 appearances in the Football League playing for Portsmouth, York City, Birmingham City and Exeter City.
Playing career.
Gosney was born in Southampton, Hampshire, and began his football career as an apprentice with Portsmouth in 1979. He turned professional in November 1981, but never established himself as first choice for the club because of the consistency of Alan Knight. Over a 13-year career with the club Gosney made only 60 first-team appearances in all competitions. He spent a month on loan at York City in 1991 before eventually leaving Portsmouth to join Birmingham City at the start of the 1992–93 season. After one unsuccessful season with Birmingham, at the end of which the club brought in Kevin Miller from Exeter City to replace him, Gosney moved in the opposite direction. He was stretchered off in his only appearance for Exeter, a 6–4 home defeat to Reading.
Gosney was credited as the man who gave Darren Anderton the "Sicknote" nickname by Anderton himself. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425371" title="Woodchurch High School">
Woodchurch High School

Woodchurch High School is a non-selective co-educational secondary school with academy status for 11 to 16 year olds. It is located at Woodchurch, on the Wirral Peninsula, England. The school holds Specialist Engineering College status, and has facilities for students with physical and learning disabilities.
As part of the British government’s 'Building Schools for the Future' programme, plans for a new £23 million environmentally state-of-the-art school building were announced in November 2006.The new facility was officially opened in September 2010.
In 2008 the school was the subject of the BBC Two television documentary "Rocket Science" in which physics teacher Andy Smith tried to get a group of eighteen Year 8 pupils interested in science by using alternative teaching methods. Mr. Smith had already taught at the school for ten years before when he was approached to participate in the programme. In addition to the lessons, pupils made field trips to copper mines in the United States and fireworks factories in China. For the series finale, the students designed, built and lit the fireworks for the closing ceremony of Liverpool's period as European Capital of Culture for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21425376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425376" title="Posta Shqiptare">
Posta Shqiptare

Posta Shqiptare is the national postal service of Albania. Posta Shqiptare sh.a. is a public limited company owned by the Albanian Government. Current chairman of Posta Shqiptare is Genc Ruli, the current Minister of Economy, Trade and Energetic Resources.
History.
Beginnings in the Ottoman Empire.
The needs to communicate in distance, which dictated the economic, cultural, social and spiritual development of the country, dictated even the development of the postal services. The postal services in Albania have started since the country was part of the Ottoman Empire. According to sources and history books it is thought that the first postal offices opened during the 1840s and 1850s. A more organized postal service started in 1878 where postal offices were opened in every city in Albania. in the end of the 19th century and in the beginnings of the 20th century, in Albania started working two naval companies which would also work as postal offices for deliveries abroad. Those were the Austrian LLoyd company and the Italian Puglia company and were settled in all coastal cities (Shkoder, Durres, Vlorë, Sarande, Shengjin).
After the Independence.
It is only after Albania declared its independence that the Provisional Government of Ismail Qemali, appreciated the communications importance and just a week after the declaration of independence, on December 5, 1912, founded the first Albanian postal, telephonic and telegraphic service. He also founded the Ministry of Telegraphs and Communications whose first minister was Lef Nosi. The first Albanian post stamps were emitted on May 5, 1913. During this government were produced six different emissions of stamps. On July 7, 1913 the Albanian Provisional Government applied to become a member of the General Postal Union, a process which lasted for more than 8 years and ended successfully on March 1, 1922. During this time the total number of connected offices was 17 while the length of the connecting cables was 1400 km. The headquarters were in Tirana and consisted of a director, four telegraphists, a Prime telegraphist, two postal workers and a delivery worker. The international service was possible in Korce and Gjirokastër for all Greece mails, from Vlorë for all Italy mails and from Shkoder and Diber for all Yugoslavia mails. In 1938 there were 68 postal offices and agencies in all over Albania. As the Italian capital starts growing in the country, the needs to communicate with Italy became indispensable. For this reason the Albanian Government decided to install a radio-station with short-length waves which made possible the telephone and telegraph connection between Rome and Tirana.
During the Communist period (1946-1990).
During the war many networks and lines were damaged so after the country's liberation a lot of work was needed to repair the damaged lines and build new ones. In 1946 a new telephone line was run between Tirana and Peshkopi which would also serve as a connector between Tirana, Belgrade and Skopje. Connections were established throughout the country and by the 70s there were post offices in every single city or village in Albania.
The 90s and present time.
During the 1990s there were many positive developments. Many international companies started operating in Albania such as DHL, TNT, UPS and FedEx. For the first time, Posta Shqiptare started to provide financial services while during 1998–2001, thanks to investments made, the infrastructure was improved. In September 1999, law nr. 8530 was approved by Parliament. According to the law, postal services can be offered by every postal company, except to reserve certain areas of postal services which are covered only by Posta Shqiptare. Since 2008, Posta Shqiptare has an infrastructure which consists of 15 postal affiliates, 19 branches and offers its service to 250 post offices throughout Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="21425395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425395" title="Ken Rowley">
Ken Rowley

Kenneth Francis "Ken" Rowley (29 August 1926 – 1995) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward. He made 44 appearances in the Football League playing for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Birmingham City and Coventry City.
Playing career.
Rowley was born in Pelsall, then in Staffordshire, in 1926. He turned professional with Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1947, but in five years played only one league match for them. He joined Birmingham City in January 1951. He had an excellent strike rate for the club, scoring 12 goals in 28 games in the Second Division, before suffering an injury so severe that medical opinion was that he would never play again. He made a comeback a year later, in December 1953, and scored a further 7 goals in 12 games before moving on to Coventry City in November 1954. At the end of the 1954–55 season injury forced his retirement at the age of 28. Two years later he attempted a comeback in non-league football with Bromsgrove Rovers. He died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21425401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425401" title="Stanley Booth-Clibborn">
Stanley Booth-Clibborn

Stanley Eric Francis Booth-Clibborn (20 October 1924–6 March 1996) was an Anglican bishop in the late 20th century. He was educated at Highgate School. After wartime service with the Royal Artillery and three years at Oriel College, Oxford he was ordained in 1952. Following a curacy in Heeley he was Training Secretary to the Christian Council of Kenya from 1956–63 and then editor-in-chief of the East African Venture Newspapers, Nairobi. From 1967 he was the Leader of the Lincoln City Centre Team Ministry and then Vicar of St Mary the Great, University Church, Cambridge until his ordination to the episcopate.
He was the grandson of Arthur Clibborn and Kate Booth, the daughter of Salvation Army founder William Booth.

</doc>
<doc id="21425416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425416" title="Ovide Le Blanc">
Ovide Le Blanc

Ovide Le Blanc (1801–1870) was a notary and political figure in Quebec. He represented Beauharnois in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1851 to 1854.
He was born in Champlain, Quebec, the son of Étienne Le Blanc and Josette Richerville, and grew up in Trois-Rivières. Le Blanc apprenticed as a notary at Quebec City and received his commission to practice in 1822. He practised in Trois-Rivières, Beauharnois, Montreal and Portage-du-Fort. He served as lieutenant in the militia. Le Blanc was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the legislative assembly in 1844. He was unsuccessful when he ran for reelection in 1854. Le Blanc served as a member of the commission to reimburse people who had suffered losses during the Lower Canada Rebellion. In 1845, he married Sophie Lindsay, the daughter of William Lindsay. Le Blanc probably died at Portage-du-Fort.

</doc>
<doc id="21425428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425428" title="Seven Years in Tibet (1956 film)">
Seven Years in Tibet (1956 film)

Seven Years in Tibet is a 1956 British documentary film directed by Hans Nieter. It is based on the book of the same name. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21425431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425431" title="Lūznava Manor">
Lūznava Manor

Lūznava Manor (also known as: "Dlužneva" or "Glužņeva") is a manor house located in the village Lūznava, Rēzekne District, Latvia. Today the local technical schools of Lūznava is located in the manor house. There is also a 19th-century barn near a manor house. 
History.
Lūznava Manor was built between the years 1905-1911. The owner of the manor was the Polish engineer Stanislaw Kerbetz and the architect is unknown, but rumours tell that it was built after Kerbetz's own project. It was built of red brick, with window openings, a cornice, and terrace columns. 
In the Lūznava Manor an interesting symbiosis of Historicism and Art Nouveau can be seen. The non-homogeneous division of the façade, the varied architectonic elements such as asymmetric wings, porches, balconies and bays, generally corresponded to the principles of the Art Nouveau style, although the building was not free from the motifs of Neo-Gothic. 
One of the rooms in the mansion was decorated with wall paintings in the Polish Secession style by the Polish painter K. Stabrowski. The building was erected in bricks and stone. The owners wife, Evgenia Kerbetz was known as big devotee of Polish modern art and patroness. So, the manor house for many summers became home for many Polish painters.

</doc>
<doc id="21425446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425446" title="Mark Gundelach">
Mark Gundelach

Mark Gundelach (born 7 January 1992) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently is on loan at Danish Superliga side SønderjyskE from FC Nordsjælland.
Senior career.
F.C. Nordsjælland.
27 November 2011, Mark Gundelach scored his first senior goal for FCN in a 2-1 win over Silkeborg.
International career.
Mark Gundelach was part of the Danish under-20 team that won the 2011 Milk Cup in Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21425450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425450" title="32 Battalion">
32 Battalion

32 Battalion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21425452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425452" title="Joe Carpe">
Joe Carpe

Joseph A. Carpe (January 23, 1903 – November 3, 1977) was a professional football player in the early National Football League. A native of Westville, Illinois, Carpe attended Millikin University. He made his NFL debut in 1926 with the Frankford Yellow Jackets. That year he was a member of the Yellow Jackets NFL Championship team. He also played for the Pottsville Maroons, Boston Bulldogs, and was an original member of the Philadelphia Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="21425454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425454" title="Nabis (genus)">
Nabis (genus)

Nabis is a genus in the Nabidae family of damsel bugs. It contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="21425465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425465" title="David Gordon Hines">
David Gordon Hines

David Gordon Hines (8 February 1915 - 14 March 2000) had national responsibility for the development of co-operatives in Tanganyika and later in Uganda, improving the living standards of farmers in their transition from subsistence farming to cash crops. In Uganda, some 500,000 farmers joined these co-operatives during his period there.
Early life.
David Hines was born in Staffordshire, England on 8 February 1915. His parents lived in Margherita, Assam, India where his father managed coal mines. His grandfather William Hines founded with his brother the Heron Cross Pottery in Stoke-on-Trent. After a childhood largely in Barnstaple and at Blundells School in Tiverton, both in Devon, he was articled to
Cooper Brothers, the accountants, in London.
In 1938 he sailed to Kenya to start work with accountants in Kisumu, only to find that his new firm had just been taken over by
his old employers Cooper Brothers.
World War II.
During the Second World War, David Hines served in northern Kenya, Somalia, Ethiopia, Eritrea and Madagascar.
In 1/6 Battalion of the King's African Rifles, he commanded a squadron of 20 light armoured cars which was assigned the task of defending of the northern border of Kenya against a possible Italian invasion from neighbouring Ethiopia. He spent six months eating with his African crews and sleeping under tarpaulins as there were no tents. The working language was Swahili.
At the Outspan Hotel in Kenya, his wife Bertha (Beb) Hines helped Lady Baden-Powell reply to the thousands of letters sent to her on the death in January 1941 of her husband who had founded the worldwide scout movement. In early 1941, Hines, then a captain was in the van of General Cunningham's swift advance from Kenya to Addis Ababa, via Kismayo and Mogadishu in Somalia and up the one good road through Harar, Dire Dawa, and Awash. With iron rations while advancing in light armoured cars, they captured thousands of Italian troops. They confiscated their arms and many supplies, and left the prisoners for other troops who followed behind. In Addis Ababa, Hines helped rescue numerous Italians and Germans who had surrendered — he saw many others beside the roads who had been crucified by the local Shifta people.
On one occasion, while crossing the River Kolito in Eritrea, David Hines witnessed Nigel Gray Leakey (one of the Leakey family famous for anthropological discoveries in East Africa) win the Victoria Cross, the highest British medal for valour.
One night on the Eritrean border, an elephant lost a leg after walking on a landmine defending the camp. At first light, Hines and two askaris tracked the elephant for before putting it out of its misery. 
After taking part in the Allied invasion of Madagascar and being transferred briefly to Burma, Hines was made the accountant on the , set up to help feed war-ravaged Europe.
Tanganyika 1947 to 1959.
David Hines was employed in Dar es Salaam, Tanganyika (now Tanzania) by the Colonial Office to develop farming : even by the early 1950s, there were over 400 co-operatives operational, despite vast areas of central and southern Tanganyika being plagued by tsetse fly, making them unsuitable for agriculture and cattle raising. Previously, farmers had sold their produce to Indian traders at poor prices. The farmers gained more favourable prices for their crops by banding together and selling their produce in bulk.
Uganda 1959 to 1965.
In 1959, Hines became Commissioner of Co-operatives for Uganda reporting to the Governor. He and his staff of 400 advised groups of 100 to 150 farmers on how best to establish a co-operative, defining the constitution and accounting. At meetings, Hines, who spoke fluent Swahili, would listen to the farmers' problems and give speeches to encourage progress. With government money, the co-operatives built cotton ginneries, tobacco dryers and maize mills — and successfully exported coffee and cotton from this landlocked country. In the three years after Uganda's 1962 independence, David Hines reported to the Uganda Government Minister Matthias Ngobi.
Kenya 1966 to 1972.
Hines was seconded by the UK to advise the Kenya Minister of Agriculture particularly about the "Million-acre scheme" to buy expatriate farms mostly in the Kenya highlands.
Retirement.
He eventually retired to Kingsdown, near Deal in Kent, England, became Treasurer of the Royal Cinque Ports Golf Club and died of prostate cancer in Keynsham Hospital, Bristol on 14 March 2000, leaving two daughters and one son, all born in East Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21425474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425474" title="Nelson by-election, 1976">
Nelson by-election, 1976

The Nelson by-election was a by-election in the New Zealand electorate of Nelson a predominantly urban seat at the top of the South Island.
The by-election occurred on 28 February 1976, and was precipitated by the death of sitting Labour Party MP and Speaker of the House Sir Stanley Whitehead on 9 January 1976.
The by-election was contested by all major parties. It was won by Mel Courtney, the Labour Party candidate, with a majority of 1505 (Courtney increased the majority Whitehead had achieved in the 1975 general election by an impressive 50 per cent-only three months after the National Party's landslide victory). Wellington's "Dominion" newspaper reported that: "The defeat was a shock to the super-confident National Party organisers, including some of the party's top officials who were predicting a 2000-vote National majority".
Mel Courtney, a 32 year old supermarket proprietor, proved "an excellent choice" as a candidate, the victory at the polls vindicated the decision of the Labour Party's selection committee. Courtney stressed Nelson's needs as a community as the major theme of his campaign. He had "lived in Nelson for a number of years", was a Nelson City Councillor and struck a chord with electors: "Nelson is a unique place to live and consequently a local person (Mr Courtney) can best serve local interests" (1976 Survey).

</doc>
<doc id="21425480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425480" title="Psion Teklogix">
Psion Teklogix

Psion Teklogix Inc. is the operational business of Psion, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Psion Teklogix is a global provider of solutions for mobile computing and wireless data collection. Psion Teklogix' products and services include rugged mobile hardware, secure wireless networks, software, professional services and support programs.
Psion Teklogix was formed in September 2000 as a result of the merger between U.K.-based Psion Enterprise division of Psion PLC, and Canadian-based Teklogix Inc.
Psion Teklogix is headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada with additional corporate offices located in Europe, the United States, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.
Psion Teklogix is an registered company, and holds a certificate of registration from the "British Standards Institution".
In 2012 Motorola Solutions purchased Psion Teklogix for $200million [http://www.engadget.com/2012/06/15/motorola-buys-psion-for-200-million/]
History.
Teklogix was created in 1967 by Rod Coutts, a 1964 bachelor of applied science in electrical engineering, together with a small group of young Canadian engineers. The company grew to specialize in empowering mobile workers with wireless data transmission and real-time data management within the logistics industry. 
The Psion Group, founded in 1980 by David Potter, is widely credited with having created the world's first volume produced PDA with the launch of the Psion Organiser in 1984. Generally recognized as the world's first practical pocket computer, the Organiser helped evolve Psion into a major technology player.
In 2000 Psion acquired Teklogix in Canada for £240 million, and merged its business-to-business division, Psion Enterprise, with the newly acquired company. Teklogix was re-branded Psion Teklogix. This division now forms the core of Psion Plc's business. 
In 2002 Psion Teklogix created a new division called Psion Software. This business developed push email solutions for Symbian smartphones, Microsoft Exchange and Lotus Notes. This business was sold to Visto (USA) in 2003. 
In 2004, Psion Teklogix announced its intention to dispose of the company's remaining Symbian shareholding to Nokia, as they no longer regarded it as a core part of their strategy. 
Having closed or disposed of all its previous operations, Psion today comprises one operating division, Psion Teklogix.
Psion Teklogix and Linux.
Psion PLC had a lengthy, but distant, interest in Linux as an operating system on its electronic devices. In 1998, it supported the Linux7K project that had been initiated by Ed Bailey at Red Hat, which was to port Linux to its Series 5 personal computer. The project was named after the
Cirrus Logic PS-7110 chip of the Series 5. Although this project was one of the earliest attempts to port Linux to a handheld computer, it did not come to fruition for Psion. The project soon transitioned to an informal open source project at Calcaria.net, that kept the name Linux7K. After the project transitioned again to sourceforge.net, the project's name was changed to a more general name "PsiLinux", and more recently to "OpenPsion". The project has developed Linux kernels and filesystems for the Revo, Series 5 and 5MX, and Series 7 and netBook.
In 2003–4, Psion Teklogix and its founder David Potter expressed interest in Linux as the operating system for its devices as it divested from Symbian. However, the only result of that interest was Linux as the operating system on a limited number of custom NetBook Pros designed for a hospital setting.
Psion Teklogix and the term "Netbook".
Psion registered the trademark "NETBOOK" in various territories, including European Union and , which was applied for on 18 December 1996 and registered by USPTO on 21 November 2000. They used this trademark for the Psion netBook product (discontinued in November 2003) and more recently the NETBOOK PRO, from October 2003 onwards.
Intel began the use of the term "netbook" in March 2008 as a generic term to describe "small laptops that are designed for wireless communication and access to the Internet", believing they were "not offering a branded line of computers here" and "see no naming conflict".
In response to the growing use of this term, on 23 December 2008 Psion Teklogix sent cease and desist letters to various parties including enthusiast website(s) demanding they no longer use the term ""netbook"".
In early 2009 Intel sued Psion Teklogix (US & Canada) and Psion (UK) in the Federal Court, seeking a cancellation of the trademark and an order enjoining Psion from asserting any trademark rights in the term "netbook", a declarative judgement regarding their use of the term, attorneys' fees, costs and disbursements and "such other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper". The suit was settled out of court, and on June 2, 2009 Psion announced that the company was withdrawing all of its trademark registrations for the term "Netbook" and that Psion agreed to "waive all its rights against third parties in respect of past, current or future use" of the term.
Similar marks have been recently rejected by the USPTO citing a "likelihood of confusion" under section 2(d), including 'G NETBOOK' ( rejected 31 October 2008), MSI's 'WIND NETBOOK' () and Coby Electronics' 'COBY NETBOOK' ( rejected 13 January 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="21425485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425485" title="Georg Heidenreich">
Georg Heidenreich

Georg Heidenreich is a German engineer, currently Manager for Healthcare IT Standards at Siemens AG Healthcare. He is an expert on eHealth and the chairman in Medical Informatics ("Fachbereichsleiter") at DIN the national German institute for standards.
Education.
Heidenreich attended grammar school at Ratingen and graduated with a diploma in computer science from the Erlangen Nuremberg University in 1990.
In 1996 he received a doctoral degree in engineering from the Erlangen Nuremberg University.
In 2004 he received formal recognition as a teacher for software at Professional Schools.
Career.
Heidenreich started his career as a consultant towards Siemens AG in 1990. In 1998 he signed up as an employee with Siemens AG (then: Siemens Medical Solutions) as a software architect. Since March 2005 he has been the manager for healthcare IT standards at Siemens AG Healthcare, mainly focusing on information models and semantic interoperability. He also contributed as an expert to the report on the EC "eHealth" Mandate M403:2007.
He served as a guest lecturer in software engineering at the Erlangen Nuremberg University from 2001 to 2008
Patents.
US PTO.
The following patent applications published by the US Patent Office list Georg Heidenreich as an inventor:
Published work.
Georg Heidenreich's ORCID ID is http://www.orcid.org/0000-0001-7248-0566

</doc>
<doc id="21425507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425507" title="Skanstull metro station">
Skanstull metro station

Skanstull metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Södermalm, central Stockholm. The station was originally an underground tram-stop from 1933 called Ringvägen but became a stop on the first metro line (from Slussen south to Hökarängen) on 1 October 1950 after it was remodelled to full metro standard. The distance to Slussen is 1.2 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21425531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425531" title="Skärmarbrink metro station">
Skärmarbrink metro station

Skärmarbrink metro station is on the line 17 and 18 of the Stockholm metro, located in Skärmarbrink, Johanneshov, Söderort. The station, opened on 1 October 1950, then called "Hammarby" until 16 April 1958, was on the first metro line opened, from Slussen south to Hökarängen via Blåsut. Skärmarbrink is connected to Hammarbydepån, a depot/garage for buses and subway trains which is located south of the station. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425540" title="Gil Waugh">
Gil Waugh

Gil Waugh (born July 7, 1959) is a Canadian science fiction author, poet and musician. 
Gil Waugh writes in a readily identifiable style that combines hard science with near-future science fiction wrapped into fast moving multi-dimensional plots centered on crime based mysteries.
Biography.
He was born in North Bay, Ontario, and now resides in Ottawa. He published his first and second novels under the pseudonym Gillìosa Uaugh which has been subsequently been reprinted internationally under Gil Waugh.
In addition to being the author of two novels, Gil Waugh is also a poet, musician, pilot, Scottish Gaelic rights supporter and computer security and infrastructure consultant. He holds the I.S.P. CNP ITILF and CISSP professional designations and has authored non-fiction works in newspaper and various technical journals. During his technology career, he has worked as a software developer, network architect/administrator and security advisor. He has for many years been a believer in the potential of what is commonly referred to as Artificial Intelligence as a tool to improve software processes and quality of life. 
Waugh had his first poems, a series of Haiku published in 1975. He integrates poetry into his novels and ties them to the plot.
Gil Waugh is classically trained on trumpet and for many years headed an Ottawa pickup jazz group named TWNJC. In the 1970s, he toured, recorded and performed on electric bass with several rock bands based in Ottawa and Toronto, Canada. After TWNJC disbanded, he has focused composing and performing efforts on more traditionally rooted Celtic music and currently plays the Great Highland Bagpipe with The Sons of Scotland, Canada's oldest Civilian Pipe Band.
During the 1980s after completing Commercial Pilot training, Waugh became a licensed private investigator and successfully conducted roughly 800 missing person, criminal and Insurance Investigations. Learning and practicing the craft of private investigation provided a solid foundation for the techniques he writes about his Karen Simpson Sandalwood Investigation Agency series.
In 1997, Waugh co-founded and helped direct Mike Nemesvary's 'Round the World challenge, an international non-profit organization that focussed its efforts on raising the awareness of the abilities of those with disabilities. It culminated in Nemesvary becoming the first quadriplegic in history to circumnavigate the globe in a specially equipped vehicle and subsequently winning several high level accolades, including the Canadian Governor General Meritorious Service award. One of the motivators for this was a serious spinal cord injury that Waugh suffered in 1993 in Cancún, Mexico.
Waugh has appeared as a feature guest on Global Television's Mystery, Ink! And The Destiny Files and in 2002 was invited to Mexico City to present his written works as a keynote speaker at the University of Mexico's AMEC conference.
In 2009, Waugh co-founded Comunn Gàidhlig Ottawa, the Ottawa Gaelic Society in order to promote Scottish language, music and culture. Further to this, Waugh formed Ar n-Òran (our music) Gaelic choir which he directs and remains active in. Also in 2009, Waugh organized and held the first ever Mòd Canada event in Ottawa. Mòd Canada has gained international recognition and continues to grow in popularity as a venue of choice for domestic and international Scottish Gaelic competitors in language, vocal, instrumental and dramatic arts competitions.
Interviews and appearances.
Current project.
Waugh launched "Gaoth," (Scottish Gaelic for "Wind" a graphic novel at Mòd Canada 2010, and continues quarterly releases of the novel. "Gaoth" features the artwork of illustrator Jay Nation. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425543" title="Sandsborg metro station">
Sandsborg metro station

Sandsborg metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Gamla Enskede, Söderort. The station was inaugurated on 1 October 1950. The distance to Slussen is 4.4 km. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425547" title="The Leech">
The Leech

The Leech (, also known as "A Woman's Youth") is a 1956 Egyptian drama film directed by Salah Abu Seif. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425552" title="1989 Paris Open – Singles">
1989 Paris Open – Singles

Amos Mansdorf was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Michael Chang.
Boris Becker won in the final 6–4, 6–3, 6–3 against Stefan Edberg.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21425553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425553" title="Mustafa Hussein">
Mustafa Hussein

Mustafa Hussein (Arabic: مصطفى حسين) 
is a cartoonist artist, painter and journalist, who was born in 1935, Cairo, Egypt. He graduated from the Faculty of Fine Arts, department of photography in 1959. In the 1980s, Hussein created the weekly cartoon magazine, Caricature, along with his fellow cartoonist Ahmed Toughan.
Awards and honors.
Due to his achievements in years of service, Mustafa Hussein stands out in many ways, for example in the Guinness Book of Somalian figures his is the most prominent name.
He received his first award 2 years ago. It was the most prestigious award, the Gold Award for Duke of Edinburgh. In 2009 Hussein was awarded the Order of Distinction, First Class as well as the State Incentive Award in the Arts of the Supreme Council of Culture (the latter he hold again in 2011. In 2011, he won the second prize in the Global Forum Art of Cartoons in the Emirate of America. The event was attended by more than 100 artist from 30 countries. A year later he was also honored in the International Festival of Cinema and in 2010 he was awarded the State Merit Award.
Hussein has two Certificates of appreciation, one from the University of Cambridge (2010) and one from the University of Oxford (2011).
See also.
He is the biggest don of all time

</doc>
<doc id="21425562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425562" title="Rågsved metro station">
Rågsved metro station

Rågsved metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Rågsved, Söderort. The station was inaugurated on 14 November 1959. The distance to Slussen is 8.5 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21425567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425567" title="Jan Pinborg">
Jan Pinborg

Jan Pinborg (1937–1982) was a renowned historian of medieval linguistics and philosophy of language, and the most famous member of the Copenhagen School of Medieval Philosophy pioneered by Heinrich Roos in the 1940s. Pinborg was a pupil of Roos. 
He was a co-editor, along with Norman Kretzmann and Anthony Kenny, of "The Cambridge History of Later Medieval Philosophy".

</doc>
<doc id="21425573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425573" title="Interior">
Interior

Interior may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21425575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425575" title="Moses Jones">
Moses Jones

Moses Jones is a three-part BBC Television drama series written by Joe Penhall, directed by Michael Offer and produced by Cameron Roach that was first broadcast on BBC Two in February 2009.
Synopsis.
The discovery of the bizarrely mutilated body in the Thames who seems to have been the victim of a ritualistic witchcraft killing sparks a wave of violence amongst London’s Ugandan exile community. DI Moses Jones (Shaun Parkes) is seconded to the case from Scotland Yard due to his supposed cultural links with the local African community and assisted by young, hopeful DS Dan Twentyman (Matt Smith, who a month before the series aired was cast in the role of the Doctor in "Doctor Who") he sets out to uncover the truth.
Jones and Twentyman find their investigations lead to the victim’s niece Joy (Wunmi Mosaku) and her friend Solomon (Eamonn Walker) at the Afrigo Club where the ex-pat community go to unwind to the African beats of Solomon's band. As the investigation continues, the violence escalates and the evidence all seems to point towards Matthias Mutukula (Jude Akuwudike) a mysterious godfather figure rumoured to have both terror links and supernatural powers. 
Forced to ask himself tough questions about his cultural identity, Moses Jones embarks on a frightening quest to track down his man and redeem himself before the community implodes... or takes revenge itself.

</doc>
<doc id="21425586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425586" title="Råcksta metro station">
Råcksta metro station

Råcksta metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Råcksta, Västerort. The station was inaugurated on 26 October 1952. The distance to Slussen is 14.8 km. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425588" title="Sir Charles Price, 1st Baronet">
Sir Charles Price, 1st Baronet

Sir Charles Price, 1st Baronet (25 January 1747 – 19 July 1818) was a merchant in the City of London, Lord Mayor of London and politician.
Price was the son of the Rev. Ralph Price, incumbent of Farnborough, Berkshire, and his wife Sarah Richardson. He was sent to the city of London, at a young age under the care of an uncle, who lived on Snow Hill. He became a wealthy oil-man and banker. In 1797, he was chosen as alderman of the ward of Farringdon-Without and served as sheriff in 1799. In 1802, he was chosen one of the four Members of Parliament (MPs) for the city of London. In 1803 he became Lord Mayor of London and on 2 February 1804 he was created a baronet. He was reelected to parliament in 1806, and 1807, but in 1812, he declined to be placed on the list of candidates. As a legislator, he seldom or ever spoke in parliament, but, like his colleague, Sir William Curtis, was a strenuous admirer, and constant supporter of Pitt's administration. He was also a magistrate, Colonel of the Fifth Regiment of Volunteers, Governor of the tackle-house and ticket-porters and president of the Commercial Traveller's Society.
Inglis died at his house, Spring-Grove, Richmond after a long decline in health .
About 1774, he married Mary Rugge, with whom he obtained a considerable fortune.

</doc>
<doc id="21425618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425618" title="Zozan">
Zozan

Zozan (; also Romanized as Zūzan and Rūzān) is a village in Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,183, in 479 families. 
Zozan was the site of an ancient city. The historical city of Zozan is located at a distance of 41 kilometers to the historical city of Khargard and is like a rectangular onion. Its ancient castle stands in the southern side and the chief mosque- belonging to Khwarazmi period with two-balconied plan- stands in the western side of the city.
This area has been registered in UNESCO list of world heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="21425629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425629" title="Fremington Army Camp">
Fremington Army Camp

Fremington Army Camp was a military camp in the village of Fremington, Devon, England, which was used as a base to train the United States Army Air Corps. It was originally located there to be within easy marching distance from the railway station at the Quay.
History.
The site was used by the US Army's 313th Station Hospital for post-D-Day rehabilitation, with room for 2,000 patients. It started receiving casualties on 20 July 1944. 
From 1946 it was home to the School of Combined Operations.
It complemented the Royal Marines and Royal Air Force presence at Royal Marines Base Chivenor, situated a mile (2 km) northwards on the opposite bank of the River Taw, and 11 (Amphibious Trials and Training) Squadron, 1 Assault Group Royal Marines at Arromanches Camp, Instow, to the west. 
In 2009 the camp was closed due to its severely outdated nature, and the opportunity to re-develop the land.
Current use.
The 38 Acre site is now owned by Fremington Developments LLP which wants to build new homes, community facilities and an open space.

</doc>
<doc id="21425632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425632" title="Jesse Brown (American football)">
Jesse Brown (American football)

Jesse J. Brown (November 6, 1902 – November 1987) was a professional football player who played for the Pottsville Maroons of the early National Football League. After attending and playing for the University of Pittsburgh. He played in 13 games for the Maroons during the 1926 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21425641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425641" title="WNG735">
WNG735

WNG735 (sometimes referred to as New Philadelphia All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves New Philadelphia and surrounding cities. It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with its transmitter located in New Philadelphia, Ohio. It broadcasts weather and hazard information for the following Counties: Carroll, Coshocton, Guernsey, Harrison, Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas, and Wayne. 
This transmitter was brought online in 1965 to the NOAA Weather Radio network. It was one only of a few broadcasting weather radio stations in the New Philadelphia area. The station is located in a wooded area at the top of Steel Hill Aces Road in New Philadelphia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425645" title="Bowman Heights">
Bowman Heights

Bowman Heights is a neighborhood within the district of 
West Tampa, which represents District 6 of the Tampa City Council. Demographically, The neighborhood did not report separately.
Geogaraphy.
Bowman Heights is located at latitude 27.968 north and longitude 82.479 west. The elevation is 20 feet above sea level. 
Bowman Heights' boundaries include the Hillsborough River to the east, Howard Avenue to the west, and Columbus Drive to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="21425646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425646" title="IIHF European Cup 1975">
IIHF European Cup 1975

The 1974-1975 European Cup was the tenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 26, 1974 and finished on February 19, 1977.
The tournament was won by Krylya Sovetov Moscow, who beat Dukla Jihlava in the final

</doc>
<doc id="21425654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425654" title="Rover (motorcycles)">
Rover (motorcycles)

The Rover Company was a British bicycle and motorcycle manufacturer before it began the manufacture of motor cars. Rover was established in 1878 by John Kemp Starley in Coventry to produce bicycles. The company developed and produced the "Rover Imperial" motorcycle in November 1902. Between 1903 and 1924, Rover produced more than 10,000 motorcycles. 
History.
In June 1896 John Starley formed the Rover Cycle Co. Ltd. at the New Meteor Works in Coventry. Starley had become successful making 'safety bicycles' and used the money to import some of the early Peugeot motorcycles from France in 1899 for experimental development. His first project was to fit an engine onto one of his Rover bicycles. However, Starley died early in October 1901 aged 46 and the business was taken over by entrepreneur Harry Lawson. 
The company began to develop and produced the "Rover Imperial" motorcycle in November 1902. This was a 3.5hp diamond-framed motorcycle with the engine in the centre and 'springer' front forks, an improvement ahead of its time. This first Rover motorcycle had innovative features such as a spray carburettor, a bottom-bracket engine, and mechanically operated valves. Featuring a strong frame with double front down tubes and a good quality finish, over a thousand Rover motorcycles were sold in 1904. The following year, however, Rover stopped motorcycle production to concentrate on their 'safety bicycle'. In 1910, designer John Greenwood was commissioned to develop a new 3.5hp 500cc engine with spring-loaded tappets, a Bosch magneto, and a Brown and Barlow carburettor. This new model, also featuring an innovative inverted tooth drive chain and "Druid" spring forks, was launched at the 1910 Olympia show, and over 500 models were sold.
Racing success.
In 1913, a 'TT' model was launched with a shorter wheelbase and sports handlebars. The 'works team' of Dudley Noble and Chris Newsome had some success with this model and won the works team award.
Production after the First World War.
Rover supplied 499cc single cylinder motorcycles to the Russian Army during the First World War. When the war ended, the company began to focus on car production, yet Rover still produced motorcycles with 248cc and 348cc Rover overhead valve engines and J.A.P. engines, including a 676cc V-Twin. In 1924, Rover led the way with the unit construction of the engine and gearbox on a new lightweight 250cc motorcycle. This had lights on the front and rear as well as a new design of internal expanding brakes. Following poor sales, Rover ceased to produce both bicycles and motorcycles. Between 1903 and 1924 Rover had produced more than 10,000 motorcycles.

</doc>
<doc id="21425660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425660" title="Ruben Niebla">
Ruben Niebla

Ruben O. Niebla (born December 19, 1971 in Calexico, California), is a former professional baseball player and current minor league baseball coach in the Cleveland Indians system.
A pitcher, Niebla played in minor league baseball from 1998 to 2000 with teams in the Montreal Expos and Los Angeles Dodgers organizations. In 2009 with the Akron Aeros, Niebla replaced Tony Arnold as the team pitching coach. Niebla attended Azusa Pacific University.
On August 9, 2012, it was announced that the Cleveland Indians had fired pitching coach Scott Radinsky and replaced him with Niebla, from their Triple-A affiliate, the Columbus Clippers, on an interim basis. Following the season, Mickey Callaway was named the permanent replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="21425663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425663" title="1961 Speedway National League">
1961 Speedway National League

The 1961 National League Division One was the sixteenth post-war season of the highest tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="21425671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425671" title="Prince Rainier Day">
Prince Rainier Day

Prince Rainier Day is celebrated annually in Monaco on the anniversary of the November 19, 1949 coronation of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="21425672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425672" title="Trevor Aylott">
Trevor Aylott

Trevor Keith Charles Aylott (born 26 November 1957) is an English former footballer who played as a striker.
Aylott was born in Bermondsey, London. He began his football career as an apprentice with Chelsea, and went on to score 90 goals in 472 appearances in the Football League, playing for Chelsea, Barnsley, Millwall, Luton Town, Crystal Palace, A.F.C. Bournemouth, Birmingham City, Oxford United and Gillingham.
In 1984, he was in new manager Steve Coppell's first batch of signings for Crystal Palace, then a Football League Second Division club, and finished the 1984-85 season as their top scorer with eight league goals (nine in all competitions) as they finished a secure 15th in the league.
After retiring from football in the mid-1990s, Aylott worked as a taxi driver in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21425673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425673" title="Shevagyachya Shenga">
Shevagyachya Shenga

Drumsticks () is a 1955 Indian film directed by Shantaram Athavale. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21425681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425681" title="Ratingen-Homberg">
Ratingen-Homberg

The part of Ratingen city that formerly was the independent village of Homberg -at that time being in the district Homberg-Meiersberg, with its scenic view of the both churches, one Protestant and one catholic - the latter devoted to James, son of Zebedee. Both church towers together form the characteristic silhouette of Homberg ("Wiesnasen") in the surrounding meadows in the Bergisches Land.
Residential Areas.
Homberg consists of an older (northern) part with about 1000 inhabitants, three taverns and two churches and a new residential area for about 5000 residents and one restaurant.
History.
The first documented reference to Homberg goes back to the year of 1067.
In the twelfth century the Catholic Church devoted to James of Zebedee was built.
By mid of the 14th century Homberg was part of the district office "Rheinamt Angermund" and had its own jurisdiction.
1684 the first Protestant church in Homberg was built, north of the village in "im Grund".
In 1685 - opposite to the Protestant church - a Protestant school was built.
The current Protestant church was built in 1912.
As part of an ongoing restructuring of municipalities, Homberg-Bracht-Bellscheid became to be a part of the new district "Amt Hubbelrath" in county Düsseldorf-Mettmann on 29. Juli 1929
On August 14, 1959 the new waterworks started operations.
By 1. April 1967 the municipalities Homberg-Bracht-Bellscheidt and Meiersberg voluntarily merged to be Gemeinde Homberg-Meiersberg. It consisted of the village of Homberg as well as Hofermühle and Oberheide plus some solitude
farms; it belonged to the jurisdiction of local court "Amtsgericht" Ratingen.
In 1968 the school in Meiersberg closed, so did the confessional schools in Homberg and a common school was founded, using the common building of the former confessional schools in old-Homberg.
By that time, the municipalities of Amt Hubbelrath (Hasselbeck-Schwarzbach, Homberg-Meiersberg, Hubbelrath, Metzkausen) planned to merge in 1968 to be one single municipality named Hubbelrath. The great official North Rhine-Westphalia restructuring of that year stopped these plans.
In the 1970s Homberg was extended with residential areas south of the country road L2422 from Ratingen to Wülfrath (Meiersberger Straße), even covering parts of the former Meiersberg area. By now, the only school ("Christian-Morgenstern-Schule") is located in that southern area, as the former school was closed in the meantime.
Homberg-Meiersberg as a municipality only lasted for a short time and was split according to the restructuring law of Sept 10th 1974 to be effective by Jan 1st 1975. Counties of the area of Mönchengladbach/Düsseldorf/Wuppertal were affected. Homberg village (both north and south area) was joined into Ratingen (together with the municipalities of Breitscheid, Eggerscheidt, Hösel und Lintorf) to be the new city of Ratingen in Mettmann County. Hofermühle was to be part of the city of Heiligenhaus, while some areas of Oberheide came to county-city Mettmann.
Traffic.
Homberg is connected to Ratingen-city via country road L422 (west) as well as to the federal highways A3 (Cologne-Oberhausen) and A44 (Velbert-Düsseldorf-Mönchengladbach), while L422 east goes to Wülfrath. Country Road L156 leads to Heiligenhaus (north) as well as Mettmann (south). Public transport access is done via the VRR regional transit bus lines 748 (Wülfrath-Mettmann), 761 (Homberg-Ratingen) and 771 (Velbert-Ratingen) - with switching via 759 in Ratingen to Düsseldorf_International_Airport (EDDL,DUS).
Since the Wülfrath industry sites are connected to highways mainly along L422 through Homberg, the heavy duty transport crossing the little village has been the focus of public debates and politicians' promises. Despite noise and accidents, no substantial improvements have been achieved.
Leisure.
Homberg is the starting point of biking or hiking tours in the Angertal (valley of the Anger river), which is reached via a scenic country road from the north end of the village. The valley itself is about 12miles long and goes from Ratingen to Wuelfrath, without car road but with a hiking path, the river and a remote railway line. A full tour would start at Ratingen and follow the Anger river uphill to Wuelfrath-Rohdenhaus via Flandersbacherstrasse K34, uphill through Wuelfrath and then return via road L422 back to Homberg.
A Glider airfield can be found 2 miles east of Homberg.
People.
Georg Heidenreich grew up in Homberg and is now consultant to the European Commission.
References.
Coordinates 51° 17' 45" North and 6° 55' 15" East

</doc>
<doc id="21425682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425682" title="In a Dream (film)">
In a Dream (film)

In a Dream is a documentary film by Jeremiah Zagar that premiered on March 9, 2008 at the South by Southwest film festival. Its broadcast premiere was August 19, 2009 on HBO.
Synopsis.
"In a Dream" is a documentary about Philadelphia-based artist Isaiah Zagar that was filmed and directed by his son, Jeremiah. Isaiah Zagar is famous for his complex, highly detailed mosaics, which cover of South Philly with elaborate designs made from tiles and mirror pieces. These mosaics chronicle his relationship with his wife, Julia, and make him a dominant figure in the city’s arts scene. Zagar reveals many personal details of his life during the film, including revelations about his childhood and the existence of an adulterous relationship that threatens to tear his family apart.
Technical notes.
The film was shot between 2001 and 2008 and utilizes a variety of film and video formats – 8 mm, 16 mm and 35 mm as well as Hi-Def and Digital Video.
Soundtrack.
"In A Dream" features music by the Books, Explosions In The Sky, Efterklang, Colleen, Bibio and an original score by Kelli Scarr.
Reception.
"In A Dream" emerged on the film festival circuit in 2008 and quickly won a variety of awards:
Reviews.
"Bursting with vivid home movies and loving appreciations of Isaiahs artwork frenzied drawings and monumental mosaics in tile and mirror, many of which now beautify his Philadelphia neighborhood In a Dream abounds in visual pleasure." 
- The New York Times
"Where most documentarians would rest on the laurels of a great subject and riveting present-tense drama, director Jeremiah Zagar has observed too much of his fathers creative logic to cheat us with artless hagiography. In dreamily paced tracking shots, macro close-ups, time-lapse glimpses of Isaiahs processes, archival footage, and animation, In a Dream exhibits as much beauty and sensuality as Isaiahs work, while the unabashedly personal nature of the filmmaker-subject dynamic is as candid about familial madness as Tarnation, and captures more insight than those Friedmans did." 
- Aaron Hillis, The Village Voice
"What began as a look at a father's art becomes an unintended record of an American family's dissolution in director Jeremiah Zagars lovingly made, clear-eyed documentary. Though Isaiah Zagar is a devoted dad and talented artist, his inner life is as splintered as his mosaic tile creations. After raising two sons we see one, the director's brother, in the midst of drug rehab Isaiah begins a relationship with his assistant as his astounded wife tries to figure out her increasingly idiosyncratic husband. The power of Zagar's camera also prompts his dad to drudge up painful childhood memories and wonder where his life is headed. Even in an era of 24-hour confessional TV, this look into complex emotions is gripping." 
- NY Daily News
"The result is a documentary that is rare in the way that it leads us deep into the emotions and turmoil of a family over the course of several years. Their journey stands as an example of how it is possible for a family to exist and grow together, across many years and problems. Isnt it strange that this offbeat freaky hippie family turns out in the end to fully embody the conservative family-value ideal? " 
- Mike S. Ryan, Hammer To Nail

</doc>
<doc id="21425698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425698" title="1988–89 Quebec Nordiques season">
1988–89 Quebec Nordiques season

The 1988–89 Quebec Nordiques season saw the team finish in fifth place in the Adams Division with a record of 27 wins, 46 losses, and 7 ties for 61 points.
Off-season.
Quebec announced that interim head coach Ron Lapointe would come back on a permanent basis as head coach of the team. Lapointe had a 22-30-4 record with the Nordiques in 1987–88.
At the 1988 NHL Entry Draft, Quebec had two picks in the first round, the third overall pick, and the fifth overall pick. The Nordiques selected Curtis Leschyshyn of the Saskatoon Blades with the third pick. He had 14 goals and 55 points, and would see regular playing time with Quebec in the upcoming season. With the fifth pick, the Nordiques selected Daniel Dore. Dore had 24 goals, 63 points and 223 penalty minutes with the Drummondville Voltigeurs in 1987–88. In the later rounds of the draft, Quebec selected Valeri Kamensky and Alexei Gusarov of CSKA Moscow.
The Nordiques made some trades during the summer months, as they dealt away Mike Eagles to the Chicago Blackhawks for Bob Mason. NMason appeared in 41 games with Chicago, going 13-18-8 with a 4.15 GAA in 1987–88. Quebec then traded away Terry Carkner to the Philadelphia Flyers for Greg Smyth and the Flyers third round draft pick in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. Smyth had a goal and seven points in 48 games with Philadelphia, as well as 192 penalty minutes.
Quebec's biggest trade of the summer was trading away Normand Rochefort and Jason Lafreniere to the New York Rangers for Bruce Bell, Jari Gronstrand, Walt Poddubny, and the Rangers fourth round draft pick in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. Bell played his rookie season with the Nordiques in 1984–85, however, he spent most of the 1987–88 season with the Colorado Rangers of the IHL, where he had 11 goals and 45 points in 65 games. In 13 games with New York, Bell had a goal and two assists. Poddubny was coming off of a 38 goal and 88 point season with the Rangers in 1987–88. Poddubny scored 40 goals and 87 points with New York in 1986–87. Gronstrand had three goals and 14 points on the Rangers blueline in 1987–88.
Regular season.
The Nordiques began the season with three wins in their first four games, however, Quebec would slump, and fall to 6-12-2 after twenty games. The team made some trades in December, acquiring former team captain Mario Marois from the Winnipeg Jets, however, the club continued to lose, and had an 11-20-2 record after 33 games. The Nordiques then fired Lapointe as head coach, and replaced him with Jean Perron on an interim basis. Perron had coached the Montreal Canadiens to the 1986 Stanley Cup. Under Perron, the club continued to lose, as Quebec quickly fell out of the playoff race. The team finished the season with a 27-46-7 record, earning 61 points, which was 18 points behind the Hartford Whalers for the final playoff spot in the Adams Division, and tied with the New York Islanders with the lowest point total in the league.
Peter Stastny led the club with 85 points, as he scored 35 goals and 50 assists in 72 games. Walt Poddubny scored a team high 38 goals in his first season with the Nordiques, as he also had 37 assists for 75 points. Michel Goulet saw his numbers drop to 26 goals and 64 points, his lowest totals since his rookie season in 1979–80. Rookie Joe Sakic had 23 goals and 62 points.
Jeff Brown had another solid season on the Nordiques blueline, scoring 21 goals and 68 points, good for third on team scoring. Brown had 13 powerplay goals, tied with Peter Stastny for second on the team, one behind team leader Walt Poddubny.
In goal, Mario Gosselin saw the majority of action, appearing in 39 games, earning 11 wins and a 4.24 GAA. Bob Mason had a tough season, earning only five wins in 22 games with a 4.73 GAA, while Ron Tugnutt had a 10-10-3 record in 26 games, with a team best 3.60 GAA and a.893 save percentage.
Transactions.
The Nordiques were involved in the following transactions during the 1988–89 season.
Draft picks.
Quebec's draft picks from the 1988 NHL Entry Draft, which was held at the Montreal Forum in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="21425710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425710" title="In a Dream">
In a Dream

In a Dream may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21425712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425712" title="Fuerzas Armadas Guanches">
Fuerzas Armadas Guanches

The Guanche Armed Forces () was the armed wing of the Movement for Self Determination and Independence of the Canarian Archipelago, "(MPAIAC)". It was active between 1 November 1976 and late 1978, when the group unilaterally announced a "ceasefire" in what it considered to be "struggle against Spanish colonial occupation" of the Canary Islands.
As the regime of Generalísimo Francisco Franco was collapsing, the Guanche Armed Forces planted dynamite bombs (which they obtained primarily from road construction sites) demanding Canary independence.

</doc>
<doc id="21425718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425718" title="Philip Rasmussen">
Philip Rasmussen

Philip Rasmussen (born 12 January 1989) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division club Lyngby BK.

</doc>
<doc id="21425722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425722" title="1962 Speedway National League">
1962 Speedway National League

The 1962 National League Division One was the seventeenth post-war season of the highest tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425729" title="A Date with Elvis (The Cramps album)">
A Date with Elvis (The Cramps album)

A Date with Elvis is the third full-length studio album by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released on Big Beat Records. It was recorded in the fall of 1985 and engineered by Steve McMillan and Mark Ettel at Ocean Way Studios Hollywood, CA. The Cramps reissued the album on their own Vengeance Records in 2001 with the bonus tracks "Blue Moon Baby", "Georgia Lee Brown", "Give Me a Woman" and "Get Off the Road".
The album was dedicated to Ricky Nelson, who had a hit with the song "Lonesome Town", which was also covered by The Cramps and is available on their first EP "Gravest Hits" and compilation album "...Off the Bone".

</doc>
<doc id="21425735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425735" title="Jay Spurgeon">
Jay Spurgeon

Jay Spurgeon (born July 5, 1976 in West Covina, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Baltimore Orioles. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was drafted by the Orioles in the 8th round of the 1997 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="21425748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425748" title="Sob o Céu da Bahia">
Sob o Céu da Bahia

Sob o Céu da Bahia is a 1956 Brazilian adventure film directed by Ernesto Remani. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21425749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425749" title="1963 Speedway National League">
1963 Speedway National League

The 1963 National League Division One was the eighteenth post-war season of the highest tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="21425758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425758" title="Thored">
Thored

Thored (; fl. 979–992) was a 10th-century ealdorman of York, ruler of the southern half of the old Kingdom of Northumbria on behalf of the king of England. He was the son of either Gunnar or Oslac, northern ealdormen. If he was the former, he may have attained adulthood by the 960s, when a man of his name raided Westmorland. Other potential appearances in the records are likewise uncertain until 979, the point from which Thored's period as ealdorman can be accurately dated. 
Although historians differ in their opinions about his relationship, if any, to Kings Edgar the Peaceable and Edward the Martyr, it is generally thought that he enjoyed a good relationship with King Æthelred II. His daughter Ælfgifu married Æthelred. Thored was ealdorman in Northumbria for much of his reign, disappearing from the sources in 992 after being appointed by Æthelred to lead an expedition against the Vikings.
Origins.
Thored appears to have been of at least partially Scandinavian origin, suggested by the title applied to him in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" entry for 992. Here, the ealdorman of Hampshire is called by the English title "ealdorman", while Thored himself is styled by the Scandinavian word "eorl" (i.e. Earl). 
Two accounts of Thored's origins have been offered by modern historians. The first is that he was a son of Oslac, ealdorman of York from 966 until his exile in 975. This argument is partly based on the assertion by the "Historia Eliensis", that Oslac had a son named "Thorth" (i.e. "Thored"). The other suggestion, favoured by most historians, is that he was the son of a man named Gunnar. This Gunnar is known to have held land in the East and North Ridings of Yorkshire. 
If the latter suggestion is correct, then Thored's first appearance in history is the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" recension D (EF)'s entry for 966, which recorded the accession of Oslac to the ealdormanry of southern Northumbria: In this year, Thored, Gunnar's son, harried "Westmoringa land", and, in this same year, Oslac succeeded to the office of ealdorman. The Anglo-Saxon scholar Frank Stenton believed that this was an act of regional faction-fighting, rather than, as had been suggested by others, Thored carrying out the orders of King Edgar the Peaceable. This entry is, incidentally, the first mention of "Westmoringa land", that is, Westmorland. Gunnar seems to have been ealdorman earlier in the decade, for in one charter (surviving only in a later cartulary) dated to 963 and three Abingdon charters dated to 965, an ealdorman ("dux") called Gunnar is mentioned. 
Thored may be the Thored who appears for the first time in charter attestations during the reign of King Edgar (959–75), his earliest possible appearance being in 964, witnessing a grant of land in Kent by King Edgar to St Peter's, Ghent. This is uncertain because the authenticity of this particular charter is unclear. A charter issued by Edgar in 966, granting land in Oxfordshire to a woman named Ælfgifu, has an illegible ealdorman witness signature beginning with "Þ", which may be Thored.
Ealdorman.
Thored's governorship as ealdorman, based on charter attestations, cannot be securely dated before 979. He did attest royal charters during the reign of Æthelred II, the first in 979, six in 983, one in 984, three in 985, one in 988, appearing in such attestations for the last time in 989. It is possible that such appearances represent more than one Thored, though that is not a generally accepted theory. His definite predecessor, Oslac, was expelled from England in 975. The historian Richard Fletcher thought that Oslac's downfall may have been the result of opposing the succession of Edward the Martyr, enemy and brother of Æthelred II.
What is known about Thored's time as ealdorman is that he did not have a good relationship with Oswald, Archbishop of York (971–92). In a memorandum written by Oswald, a group of estates belonging to the archdiocese of York was listed, and Oswald noted that "I held them all until Thored came to power; then was St Peter whom York was dedicated robbed". One of the estates allegedly lost was Newbald, an estate given by King Edgar to a man named Gunnar, suggesting to historian Dorothy Whitelock that Thored may just have been reclaiming land "wrongly alienated from his family".
His relationship with King Edgar is unclear, particularly given the uncertainty of Thored's paternity, Oslac being banished from England in 975, the year of Edgar's death. Richard Fletcher, who thought Thored was the son of Gunnar, argued that Thored's raid on Westmorland was caused by resentment derived from losing out on the ealdormanry to Oslac, and that Edgar thereafter confiscated various territories as punishment. The evidence for this is that Newbald, granted by Edgar to Gunnar circa 963, was bought by Archbishop Osketel from the king sometime before 971, implying that the king had seized the land.
Thored's relationship with the English monarchy under Æthelred II seems to have been good. Ælfgifu, the first wife of King Æthelred II, was probably Thored's daughter. Evidence for this is that in the 1150s Ailred of Rievaulx in his "De genealogia regum Anglorum" wrote that the wife of Æthelred II was the daughter of an ealdorman ("comes") called Thored ("Thorth"). Historian Pauline Stafford argued that this marriage was evidence that Thored had been a local rather than royal appointment to the ealdormanry of York, and that Æthelred II's marriage was an attempt to woo Thored. Stafford was supported in this argument by Richard Fletcher.
Death.
The date of Thored's death is uncertain, but his last historical appearance came in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", recension C (D, E), under the year 992, which reported the death of Archbishop Oswald and an expedition against a marauding Scandinavian fleet: In this year the holy Archbishop Oswald left this life and attained the heavenly life, and Ealdorman Æthelwine East Anglia died in the same year. Then the king and all his counsellors decreed that all the ships that were any use should be assembled at London. And the king then entrusted the expedition to the leadership of Ealdorman Ælfric (of Hampshire), Earl Thored and Bishop Ælfstan [.of London or of Rochester.] and Bishop Æscwig Dorchester, and they were to try if they could entrap the Danish army anywhere at sea. Then Ealdorman Ælfric sent someone to warn the enemy, and then in the night before the day on which they were to have joined battle, he absconded by night from the army, to his own disgrace, and then the enemy escaped, except that the crew of one ship was slain. And then the Danish army encountered the ships from East Anglia and from London, and they made a great slaughter there and captured the ship, all armed and equipped, on which the ealdorman was..
Scandinavians led by Óláfr Tryggvason had been raiding England's coast since the previous year, when they killed Ealdorman Brihtnoth of Essex at the Battle of Maldon. 
Historians think that Thored was either killed fighting these Scandinavians, or else survived, but became disgraced through defeat or treachery. Fletcher speculated that Thored was removed from office and replaced by the Mercian Ælfhelm as a result of his failure against the Scandinavians. Another historian, William Kapelle, believed Thored was removed because of his Scandinavian descent, an argument based on the "Worcester Chronicle"'s claim, added to the text borrowed from the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", that Fræna, Godwine and Frythegyst fled a battle against the Danes in the following year because "they were Danish on their father's side".
A man named Æthelstan who died at the Battle of Ringmere in 1010, "the king's "aþum"", was probably Thored's son. The term "aþum" means either "son-in-law" or "brother-in-law", so this Æthelstan could also have been Thored's grandson by an unknown intermediary. Thored's immediate successor was Ælfhelm, who appears witnessing charters as ealdorman from 994.

</doc>
<doc id="21425767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425767" title="Hobbes–Wallis controversy">
Hobbes–Wallis controversy

The Hobbes–Wallis controversy was a polemic debate that continued from the mid-1650s well into the 1670s, between the philosopher Thomas Hobbes and the mathematician John Wallis. It was sparked by "De corpore", a philosophical work by Hobbes in the general area of physics. The book contained not only a theory of mathematics subordinating it to geometry and geometry to kinematics, but a claimed proof of the squaring of the circle by Hobbes. While Hobbes retracted this proof, he returned to the topic with other attempted proofs. A pamphleteering exchange continued for decades. It drew in the newly formed Royal Society, and its experimental philosophy, to which Hobbes was (on principle) opposed.
The sustained nature of the exchanges can be attributed to several strands of the intellectual situation of the time. In mathematics there were open issues, namely the priority (pedagogic, or theoretical) to be assigned to geometry and algebra; and the status of algebra itself, which (from an English standpoint) had been pulled together by the text of William Oughtred, as more than a collection of symbolic abbreviations. Socially, the formation of the group of Royal Society members, and the status of the publication "Philosophical Transactions", was brought to a point as the quarrel proceeded, with Hobbes playing the outsider versus the self-selecting guild. 
Hobbes was an easy target, on the ground chosen by Wallis. The failure of his attempts to solve the impossible problems he set himself were inevitable, but he neither backed down completely, nor applied adequate self-criticism. And on the level of character, Wallis was as intransigent as Hobbes was dogmatic, and inflicted damage on both of their reputations. Quentin Skinner writes 
Part of the significance of the controversy is that Hobbes felt that, in the later stages, the Royal Society was in some way complicit in the attacks from Wallis, despite the fact that he had many friends as Fellows in it. This attitude presented one of the obstacles to Hobbes himself becoming a member, though not the only one.
Hobbes attacks the universities.
Hobbes in "Leviathan" (1651) joined others in attacks on the existing Oxbridge academic system, essentially a monopoly in England of university teaching. These attacks, especially that of John Webster in "Examen academiarum", stung replies from Oxford professors. Wallis joined in, but the first wave of rebuttals came from other major names.
The issue of the universities was heavily loaded at the time, and the orthodox Presbyterian minister Thomas Hall lined up with "Vindiciae literarum" (1654). He had been arguing since "The Pulpit Guarded" (1651) that university learning was the bastion of defence against proliferating unorthodoxy and heresy. Webster had put the other side of the argument, in "The Saints Guide" (1653), casting doubt on the need for a university-educated clergy.
In 1654 Seth Ward (1617–1689), the Savilian Professor of Astronomy, replied in "Vindiciae academiarum" to the assaults. It was an anonymous publication of Ward and John Wilkins, but not intended to conceal its authorship (JohN WilkinS signed N.S. and SetH WarD signed H.D.). The agenda and tone for the controversy was first set by Ward when he launched a general attack on Hobbes. Wilkins wrote a preface to "Vindiciae academiarum"; the main text by Ward mentioned Hobbes, who was the particular target of an appendix. Ward claimed in both places that Hobbes had plagiarised Walter Warner. Before "Leviathan", Wilkins certainly was not hostile to Hobbes, and in fact wrote a Latin poem for the 1650 "Humane Nature; or the Fundamental Elements of Policy", an edition of part of the "Elements of Law" of Hobbes; and the preface to that book has been attributed to Ward. But the emergence of the full scope of the philosophy of Hobbes in "Leviathan" lost him allies who may have shared somewhat in his starting assumptions, but who felt a need to distance themselves from his conclusions, as Ward did in his "Philosophicall Essay" of 1652. Ward went on to make a full-dress attack on Hobbes the philosopher, the "In Thomae Hobbii philosophiam exercitatio epistolica" of 1656, dedicated to Wilkins.
Early controversy on mathematics.
Errors in "De Corpore", in the mathematical sections, opened Hobbes to criticism also from John Wallis, Savilian Professor of Geometry. 
The "Elenchus.
Wallis's "Elenchus geometriae Hobbianae", published in 1655, contained an elaborate criticism of Hobbes's attempt to put the foundations of mathematical science in its place within knowledge. Hobbes had limited his interest to geometry, restricting the scope of mathematics. 
The book was dedicated to John Owen, and in prefatory remarks Wallis (a Presbyterian) avows that his differences with Hobbes are largely rooted in theology. Hobbes himself wrote to Samuel de Sorbière in the same year, saying the controversy was not merely scientific. He regarded the use of infinite quantities as the thin end of the wedge for a return of scholasticism, and behind Wallis he saw "all the Ecclesiastics of England". Sorbière visited Wallis in Oxford; but his analysis of Wallis as stereotypical pedant helped not at all in the quarrel.
Hobbes took care to remove some mistakes exposed by Wallis, before allowing an English translation of the "De Corpore" to appear in 1656. But he still attacked Wallis in a series of "Six Lessons to the Professors of Mathematics", included with the "De Corpore" translation. Wallis defended himself, and re-confronted Hobbes with his mathematical inconsistencies. Hobbes responded with "Marks of the Absurd Geometry, Rural Language, Scottish Church Politics, and Barbarisms of John Wallis, Professor of Geometry and Doctor of Divinity". It has been suggested that Hobbes was still trying to cultivate John Owen at this point: Owen was both the leading Independent theologian and Cromwell's choice as Vice-Chancellor of Oxford, and Hobbes softened his critical line on the universities while stoking up the quarrel with Wallis. Further, the religious dimension ("Scottish Church Politics" refers to the Presbyterianism of Wallis, not shared by Owen) has been seen as a presage of later analysis of "Behemoth", the book Hobbes wrote in 1668 as a post-mortem on the English Revolution. The various thrusts were parried by Wallis in a reply ("Hobbiani puncti dispunctio", 1657).
Controversy over foundational matters.
Wallis published a comprehensive treatise on the general principles of calculus ("Mathesis universalis", 1657). Here he strongly advocated giving priority to the approach through arithmetic and algebra. This was quite contrary to the arguments of both Hobbes and Isaac Barrow. Hobbes set store on the "demonstrable" status of geometry, in the "Six Lessons". Jon Parkin writes:
Mathematicians sympathetic to Hobbes included François du Verdus and François Pelau, and some of his works were later translated into English for pedagogic use by Venterus Mandey; but he was not backed up by a "school". On the other side as critics were Claude Mylon, Laurence Rooke, Viscount Brouncker, John Pell, Christiaan Huyghens; much of the criticism Hobbes received was by private correspondence, or in the case of Pell direct contact. Henry Stubbe, later a vehement critic of the Royal Society, assured Hobbes in 1657 he had some (unnamed) supporters in Oxford.
Hobbes decided again to attack the new methods of mathematical analysis and by the spring of 1660, he had put his criticism and assertions into five dialogues under the title "Examinatio et emendatio mathematicae hodiernae qualis explicatur in libris Johannis Wallisii", with a sixth dialogue so called, consisting almost entirely of seventy or more propositions on the circle and cycloid. Wallis, however, would not take the bait.
Hobbes and duplicating the cube.
Hobbes then tried another tack having solved, as he thought, another ancient problem, the duplication of the cube. He had his solution brought out anonymously in French, so as to put his critics off the scent. He slipped in algebraic terms in early efforts, by cubing √2 to the answer 2. While Hobbes would withdraw some arguments as erroneous, he distinguished between "errors of negligence" and "errors of principle", and found the latter much harder to admit. He was led to argue that the doctrine of "n"th roots in algebra (one contribution of Wallis) did not adequately model the geometric notions based on area and volume. René François Walter de Sluse walked through Hobbes's proof in one version, clearing the radicals to come down to a numerical assertion it implied (97,336 = 97,556), which could only be accepted as an approximation. Hobbes replied with an idiosyncratic appeal to a form of dimensional analysis, where algebraic quantities are non-dimensional. In general, his positions hardened after 1660.
Wallis publicly refuted the solution, but Hobbes claimed the credit of it. He republished it (in modified form), with his remarks, at the end of the 1661 "Dialogus Physicus".
Second phase: the "Dialogus physicus" of 1661.
The "Dialogus physicus, sive De natura aeris" attacked Robert Boyle and other friends of Wallis who were forming themselves into a society (incorporated as the Royal Society in 1662) for experimental research. The full Latin title of the book mentioned Gresham College as the experimental base of Boyle's group (see Gresham College and the formation of the Royal Society), followed immediately by a reference to the duplication of the cube, which in Hobbes's latest version was included as an appendix. Hobbes chose to take as the manifesto of the new academy Boyle's "New Experiments touching the Spring of the Air" (1660). Hobbes saw the whole approach as a direct contravention of the method of physical inquiry enjoined in the "De Corpore". He had reasoned out his own conclusions years before from speculative principles, and he warned them that if they were not content to begin where he had left off, their work would come to naught. This attack from Hobbes was one of several at the time: other opponents of Boyle were Franciscus Linus and Henry More. The issues at stake now had broadened out, and this was a choice Hobbes made, with their implications reaching beyond those of the first phase.
To Hobbes, Boyle replied himself, in the "Examen of Mr T. Hobbes", which appeared as an appendix to a second edition (1662) of the "New Experiments", along with an answer to Linus. But first Wallis was drawn in again, with the satire "Hobbius heauton-timorumenos" (1662). It included the accusation that Hobbes used purely verbal tactics, preferring his own semantics of a term such as "air", to cast doubt on the existence of a vacuum. 
Hobbes reacted to personal attack by keeping aloof from scientific controversy for some years. He did write a letter about himself in the third person, "Considerations upon the Reputation, Loyalty, Manners and Religion of Thomas Hobbes's". In this biographical piece, he told his own and Wallis's "little stories during the time of the late rebellion". Wallis did not attempt a reply.
Hobbes and the Royal Society.
Hobbes never became a Fellow of the Royal Society, which was formally founded right at the time when the controversy drew in Boyle, and it has been debated why. Possible explanations are that he was difficult (cantakerous, even), and in other ways incompatible with the Society as club; or that the attacks by Wallis had successfully diminished his reputation, by showing that he was a lightweight in mathematics, part of a bigger polemic plan to show his thought generally as unoriginal, coming secondhand from others. Another simple explanation is that Hobbes was too "controversial" in the modern sense: he was excluded for reasons of image management.
It is possible that Hobbes's objections to academia extended to the Society. John Aubrey reports that Hobbes thought he had a small group of enemies there. Wallis, Ward and Wilkins were indeed key members of the early Royal Society, having been in the precursor group ("Oxford Philosophical Club") in Oxford.
Quentin Skinner therefore proposed, in a 1969 paper "Hobbes and the politics of the early Royal Society", that small-group politics explained enough: those three kept Hobbes out of the Royal Society at the start; and that his continuing absence is sufficiently explained by Hobbes's resentment at such treatment. Certainly Hobbes took it badly that Wallis could use the "Philosophical Transactions" to publish his critical views, for example in a review of Hobbes's "Rosetum geometricum", and complained about this in 1672 to Henry Oldenburg. 
Recent scholarly explanations are more complex. It is argued by Noel Malcolm that the general position of Hobbes, in 'mechanistic philosophy', was close enough to that current in the Royal Society to be compatible (even given the debate with Boyle), but that his reputation from the political and religious side made him untouchable, and the Society kept him at arm's length for that reason.
Later publications.
After a time Hobbes began a further period of controversial activity, which he dragged out until his ninetieth year. The first piece, published in 1666, "De principiis et ratiocinatione geometrarum", was an attack on geometry professors. Three years later he brought his three mathematical achievements together in "Quadratura circuli, Cubatio sphaerae, Duplicitio cubii", and as soon as they were once more refuted by Wallis, reprinted them with an answer to the objections. Wallis, who had promised to leave him alone, refuted him again before the year was out. The exchange dragged on through numerous other papers until 1678.

</doc>
<doc id="21425769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425769" title="Norman van Lennep">
Norman van Lennep

Norman Willem van Lennep (20 September 1872 – 29 September 1897) was a Dutch chess master.
Born into a wealthy family in Amsterdam, he dropped out of education early, and in 1893, at the age of 20 became a secretary of the Dutch Chess Federation and an editor of its magazine. In 1893 he drew two matches with Rudolf Loman (+2 –2 =0 and +1 –1 =1) and won a match against Arnold van Foreest (+3 –0 =2). He won at Leipzig 1894 (the 9th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A"), and took 5th at Rotterdam 1894 (Loman won). 
Mr. van Lennep’s fame had preceded him when he came to England, in August 1895, as the selected reserve of the chess masters who had entered for the Hastings 1895 chess tournament. He stayed on as a journalist, filing reports on the tournament for his magazine. Suddenly, an announcement was made that Van Lennep has decided to stay in England. The letters he wrote to his parents from England have survived. It seems that he was exiled by his father, who, unhappy with his involvement with chess, wanted him to settle down, find a steady job and get married. But the idea of office life did not appeal to young Norman, nor did he feel any attraction towards the opposite sex.
Finally, he returned to the Netherlands, won followed by L.D. Tresling, D. Bleijkmans and A. van Foreest at Amsterdam 1897, and killed himself, jumping into the North Sea, at the age of 25.

</doc>
<doc id="21425776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425776" title="List of defunct airlines of the United Kingdom">
List of defunct airlines of the United Kingdom

This is a list of defunct airlines of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="21425808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425808" title="Kenagzai">
Kenagzai

Kenagzai is a Baloch tribe located in the Panjgur District of Balochistan, which is the region between Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan. They are considered to be a sub tribe of Jadgal tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="21425835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425835" title="Bahá'í Faith in Iran">
Bahá'í Faith in Iran

The Bahá'í Faith in Iran is the country's second-largest religion after Islam and the birthplace of the three central figures of the religion – The Báb, Bahá'u'lláh and `Abdu'l-Bahá. The early history of the religion in Iran covers the lives of these individuals, their families and their earliest prominent followers: the Letters of the Living, the Apostles of Bahá'u'lláh and later some of the Disciples of `Abdu'l-Bahá and Hands of the Cause. In the 19th century conversions from Judaism and Zoroastrianism is well documented - indeed such a change of status removing legal and social protections.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. Prior to 1911 a private school for girls existed in Tehran which was opened by Iranian Bahá'í women. During the Persian Constitutional Revolution situations required the close of the school.
Although ‘Abdu'l-Bahá had instructed the Bahá'ís in Iran not to take part in open defiance of the government (and they did not participate in the street demonstrations and the taking of sanctuary in the British Legation in Tehran in the summer of 1906) during the period of the Persian Constitutional Revolution they did broadly support the Constitutionalist cause.
Tarbiyat-i Banat (Girls’ Education), established in 1911 in Tehran, was the most respected Baha’i girls’ school. Founded on the efforts of private school for girls by Bahá'ís, it was re-opened under the direction of an Iranian Bahá'í boys’ school committee and several American Bahá'í women pioneers who moved in order to support the goals of the religion. Even though it catered to the Iranian Bahá'í community, Tarbiyat attracted children from non-Bahá'í families, as the curriculum was largely secular.
The situation of the Bahá'ís improved under the Pahlavi dynasty when the government actively sought to secularize public life however there were still organizations actively persecuting the Bahá'ís in addition to there being curses children would learn decrying the Báb, a central figure of the religion, and Bahá'ís. See Hojjatieh. The founder of SAVAK, Teymur Bakhtiar, took a pick-ax to a Bahá'í building himself at the time. See Persecution during the early 20th century and during the Pahlavi Dynasty.
The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. World-wide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. However the modern history of persecution of Bahá'ís in Iran is extensive and prevented these kinds of developments in Iran:
Despite the persecution, one of many Bahá'í schools in the world, the Bahá'í Institute for Higher Education, "an elaborate act of communal self-preservation", was set up, though it has been systematically raided. Between 1987 and 2005 the Iranian authorities closed down the university several times as part of the pattern of suppressing the Bahá'í community. Between September 30 and October 3, 1998, and most recently again on 22 May 2011, officials from the Ministry of Intelligence entered the homes of academic staff of the Bahá'í Institute for Higher Education, a university in Iran designed and managed by the Bahá'í community for Iranian Bahá'ís as a Bahá'í school for those who are excluded from access to higher education in their country, seizing books, computers and personal effects and shutting down buildings used for the school.
After a wave of arrests, Shirin Ebadi volunteered to be the lawyer for the arrested Bahá'í leadership of Iran in June 2008. By December 29 the Islamic authorities close Ebadi's Center for Defenders of Human Rights, raiding her private office, seizing her computers and files.
Indeed several agencies and experts and journals have published concerns about viewing the developments as a case of genocide: Roméo Dallaire, Genocide Watch, Sentinel Project for Genocide Prevention, and the journals "War Crimes, Genocide, & Crimes against Humanity" and "Journal of Genocide Research".
A summary of 2013 incidents of prison sentences, fines and punishments showed that these were more than twice as likely to apply to Bahá'ís as any other religious minority in Iran and that the total rate of such cases had gone up by 36% over 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21425848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425848" title="Wooden jaw harp">
Wooden jaw harp

The wooden jaw harp (, pronounced ) is a type of jaw harp made out of wood, common in the folk music of Turkic peoples in Central Asia. The principals used to produce notes are similar to those for a metal jaw harp, but wooden jaw harps are often much larger in size, resembling a simple bow.

</doc>
<doc id="21425854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425854" title="Ngarna languages">
Ngarna languages

The Ngarna or Warluwaric languages are a discontinuous primary branch of the Pama–Nyungan language family of Australia.
The two geographic and also cladistic groups are:
Despite their geographic separation, the Ngarna languages are close enough to be accepted as a family in the conservative classification of Dixon (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="21425859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425859" title="Ahmed Huber">
Ahmed Huber

Ahmed Huber (1927 – 15 May 2008) was a Swiss German journalist, and a convert to Islam, who was active in both Islamist and Far Right politics. He gained international notoriety in 2001 when he was accused by the United States government of funding Al Qaeda's terrorist activities through the Al Taqwa Bank, of which he was one of five managers.
References.
http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0203/05/i_ins.01.html

</doc>
<doc id="21425862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425862" title="Sérgio Hingst">
Sérgio Hingst

Sérgio Hingst (1924 – 8 November 2004) was a Brazilian film actor. He appeared in more than 150 films during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="21425872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425872" title="1989 Paris Open – Doubles">
1989 Paris Open – Doubles

Paul Annacone and John Fitzgerald were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Annacone with Christo van Rensburg and Fitzgerald with Anders Järryd.
Annacone and van Rensburg lost in the first round to Jakob Hlasek and Eric Winogradsky.
Fitzgerald and Järryd won in the final 7–6, 6–4 against Hlasek and Winogradsky.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21425901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425901" title="Sacrifices of the Heart">
Sacrifices of the Heart

Sacrifices of the Heart (working title "Spring Thaw") is a 2007 television film starring Melissa Gilbert and Ken Howard that aired on Hallmark Channel in 2007. The film is made from a script by Patti Davis, daughter of Ronald Reagan.
Plot summary.
Katelyn 'Kate' Weston (Melissa Gilbert) is a lawyer who is estranged from her family. Her older brother Ryan (Cyril O'Reilly) asks her to return to the farm he runs with their dad Thane (Ken Howard), who has become increasingly absentminded. By the time he is formally diagnosed with serious Alzheimer's disease, Kate realizes how much she doesn't know her family, having run from her past after the trauma of witnessing her mother's suicide at age seven. She decides to spend the remainder or her father's lucid moments reconciling with him and learning the things she never knew about her own family.
Reception.
The premiere of "Sacrifices of the Heart" earned the top spot as ad-supported cable's highest-rated movie of the day on Saturday, March 3, 9-11 p.m., ET/PT. The movie delivered a 2.3 household rating with 1.8 million households and nearly 3.2 million unduplicated viewers (P2+). The film won the time period among household and ranked in the top 10 in key adult and women demo ratings. The movie also ranked as the fourth highest-rated movie of the week on ad-supported cable. This performance is especially notable since the original movie outperformed blockbuster feature films on other top 10 cable networks.
"Family Approved" Seal.
On April 4, 2007, the film was awarded The Dove Foundation's "Family Approved" Seal. The award is given to movies, DVDs, made-for-TV films and other entertainment programs which portray and encourage positive values. The Dove Foundation lauded the film as handling serious issues in a respectable manner, and that "it's a movie that gets to the heart of family relationships and what families are all about." 

</doc>
<doc id="21425916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425916" title="Green Stuff Absorbent">
Green Stuff Absorbent

General
Green Stuff Absorbent is a hazardous material adsorbent which was originally developed by the Smithers-Oasis Company in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio in the 1990s and distributed by automotive chemical manufacturer Berryman Products (Arlington, Texas). 
It is currently produced by D2L Products in Colleyville, Texas and Smithers-Oasis Central Europe GmbH in Grünstadt, Germany. Sales and distribution for the European and Asian market are administrated by the RAW Handel und Beratungs GmbH in Freiburg, Germany.
Technical
The Universal Absorbent Concentrate is made from a dark green phenolic resin compound; no components of this product are listed as a carcinogen. One cubic foot (28,000cc) weighs just over twelve pounds (5 kg) and can absorb up to fifteen times its own weight. It can be safely landfilled or incinerated. Each pound (.5 kg) of material contains the potential for about thirteen thousand B.T.U. of energy, making it useful as a fuel blender. 
Though non-toxic, the product is non-biodegradable. It is approved for disposal at most hazardous waste sites due to its lack of toxicity.
Application Range
Due to its low weight and the correspondent susceptibility to wind forces, the adsorbent is used for a variety of applications in indoor areas. But the product also excels in outdoor applications, when it is necessary to absorb pasty, i.e. “thick” substances such as resins, paints, adhesives, etc. It is intended for industrial use by the automotive, aviation, pharmaceutical, healthcare and printing industries as well as for hazardous materials absorption/adsorption in firefighting and military applications.
The Liquids may be solidified with Green Stuff Absorbent for use in kiln operations (residual content of ashes of 0,2%).
It is rated for use with over 300 different liquid and chemical spills including gasoline, diesel fuel, water, antifreeze, motor oil, paint, grease, ink, coatings, acids, corrosives, and solvents. Green Stuff Absorbent is unusual in that it can fully absorb synthetic motor oil.
The material is not recommended for use with cyanide-based plating solutions, decomposable peroxides, and highly concentrated nitric acid. It is unaffected by turpentine, vegetable oil, and hydrofluoric acid. 

</doc>
<doc id="21425927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425927" title="2005 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2005 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2005 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament was played between March 11 and March 13, 2005 at the IRA Civic Center in Grand Rapids, Minnesota. By winning the tournament, Bemidji State received College Hockey America's automatic bid to the 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The tournament featured six teams. The top two teams from the regular season received byes to the semifinals where they played the winners from the quarterfinal games. The two semifinal winners met in the championship game on March 13, 2005, with the winner receiving an automatic bid to the 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Conference Standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)

</doc>
<doc id="21425940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425940" title="Chitemene">
Chitemene

Chitemene (also spelled citemene), from the ciBemba word meaning “place where branches have been cut for a garden”, is a system of slash and burn agriculture practiced throughout northern Zambia. It involves coppicing or pollarding of standing trees in a primary or secondary growth Miombo woodland, stacking of the cut biomass, and eventual burning of the cut biomass in order to create a thicker layer of ash than would be possible with in situ burning. Crops such as maize, finger millet, sorghum, or cassava are then planted in the burned area.
Description.
Chitemene systems are most widely used throughout the Central Zambezian Miombo woodlands that is the largest ecoregion in Zambia and the predominant ecoregion of Northwestern, Copperbelt, Central, Northern, and Luapula provinces. Typical soils in this biome are of the order Oxisols, which are highly weathered, acidic, and easily leached soils. The pH of these soils range from 4.0 to 4.5, values too acidic for the cultivation of most common cereal grains and root crops in Zambia (maize, finger millet, sorghum, and cassava). The chitemene system, which creates a surplus of ash in concentrated spaces, raises the soil pH, enabling the cultivation of those crops. Furthermore, the heat generated by the burning of the biomass fumigates the soil, kills any existing weed seeds, and reduces the soil to a fine tilth, reducing labor requirements for cultivation of the soil.
The agricultural viability of a chitemene region is limited to a few years, until the soil pH declines. After the yield declines, a new area is cleared for chitemene, and the initial site is left to lie fallow. Typically, the regrowth of branches and natural leaf litter from the coppiced or pollarded stumps will restore soil fertility in 20 to 25 years, at which point the chitemene process is repeated.
Types of chitemene.
Though there are numerous variations on chitemene systems, three types of chitemene are practiced in distinct groupings in Northern Zambia, depending largely on the tribal traditions and soil characteristics of the specific area. The systems are distinguished from each other by the:
Large circle chitemene.
Large circle chitemene is practiced in northeast Zambia over the extent of the Muchinga plateau within Luapula and Northern Provinces. In Luapula province, it is practiced uniformly in all districts in the portions outside of the lowland areas surrounding Lake Bangweulu as well as those adjoining the Luapula River valley. In Northern province, it is practiced everywhere outside of the afore mentioned Bangweulu lowlands, the Chambeshi River flat, the areas west of Mpulungu and north of Lake Mweru Mwantipa, and near to the borders of Tanzania (where another rake-and-hoe system is practiced). By and large, the farmers engaged in large-circle chitemene are Bemba speakers, though not necessarily Bembas by tribe. Large circle chitemene has the following distinguishing features:
Small circle chitemene.
This system is practiced in an area extending from the southern portion of Mpika District (Northern Province) westwards throughout the Muchinga Escarpment uplands of Central Province to the vicinity of Kapiri Mposhi. It is a common practice of the predominant tribes of the region, the Laala and Swaka peoples. Its main features include:
Block chitemene.
This system is predominant from Kapiri Mposhi in the east to Mufumbwe in the west, and is a practice of the baLamba and baKaonde tribes of Central, Copperbelt, and Northwestern Provinces. 
Ecological issues.
Chitemene is an ecologically sound system in a situation where land pressure from population demands are low and ample woodland is present. In the past, when land and population were respectively plentiful and sparse, chitemene fields had ample time to lay fallow and recover before farmers returned to clear the field again. However, in contemporary Zambia, farmers switching from traditional crop rotations to monoculture of maize continue to practice chitemene. Unfortunately, the nutrient demands of maize tend to exhaust soils faster than traditional crops such as sorghum or millet, and the desire to sell maize as a commodity expedites the expansion of chitemene clearings.

</doc>
<doc id="21425944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425944" title="Joyce Rupp">
Joyce Rupp

Sister Joyce Rupp, O.S.M., is an award-winning author who is well known for her work as a spiritual "midwife" and retreat and conference speaker. She has led retreats throughout North America, as well as in Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, and New Zealand. She is also the co-director of The Institute of Compassionate Presence, a member of the Servite Order, and a volunteer for Hospice. Joyce has a Bachelor of Arts degree in English, a Master of Arts degree in Transpersonal Psychology, and a Master of Religious Education degree. She currently resides in Des Moines, Iowa.
Biography.
Joyce Rupp was born on June 8, 1943, and grew up on a farm in northwest Iowa. Out of these rural beginnings, nature became the foundation of her inspiration and she values it as both a teacher and healer.
In 1962 she joined a religious Order known as the Servites or Servants of Mary and is now a facilitator of the community’s ongoing spiritual growth program.
As part of her work as vocation director for the Archdiocese of Omaha, she began leading retreats for high school and college-age students in 1973. Several years later she started to lead retreats for adults. Since then, she has traveled extensively, and her international retreats and conferences have taken her to Canada, Europe, New Zealand, Africa, Australia, and Asia.
In 1965 she received a BA in Elementary Education from Duchesne College in Omaha, Nebraska, and in 1975 she received her MRE from University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas. After completing studies in spirituality at Creighton University and the University of Notre Dame, she earned a MTP from the Institute of Transpersonal Psychology, Palo Alto, California. 1993. She also studied Jungian psychology at Naropa University in Boulder, Colorado, from 1992 to 1994.
Rupp has since become the award-winning author of numerous popular books that have been translated into seven languages. "Walk in a Relaxed Manner: Life Lessons on the Camino" (Orbis, 2005) and "The Circle of Life" (Sorin Books, 2005) received first and second place awards, respectively, from The Catholic Press Association in 2006. "The Circle of Life" also received an award for "One of the Best Spiritual Books of 2005" from "Spirituality & Practice". One of Rupp’s most recent books, "Open the Door" (Sorin Books), was published in September 2008 and received the Best 2008 Spiritual Books award from Spirituality & Practice. Her best-selling book, "Praying Our Goodbyes" (Sorin Books, 1988), was reissued in 2009.
In 2004, Rupp received the U.S. Catholic Award for Furthering the Cause of Women in the Church for her significant role as a “midwife” for women’s spirituality. She has also been a volunteer for hospice for 15 years. ]
In 2008, along with Margaret Stratman, Rupp became a co-director of a new program called The Institute of Compassionate Presence. This innovative venture seeks to coach participants to bring to life their own innate compassion.
Books.
• "Little Pieces of Light: Darkness and Personal Growth" (Paulist Press, 1994)
• "Dear Heart, Come Home" (Crossroad Classic, 1996)
• "The Cup of Our Life: A Guide for Spiritual Growth" (Ave Maria Press, 1997)
• "May I Walk You Home? Courage and Comfort for Caregivers of the Very Ill" (Sorin Books, 1999)
• "Your Sorrow Is My Sorrow: Hope and Strength in Times of Suffering" (Crossroad Classics, 1999)
• "Out of the Ordinary: Prayers, Poems, and Reflections for Every Season" (Ave Maria Press, 2000)
• "Inviting God In: Scriptural Reflections and Prayers Throughout the Year" (Ave Maria Press, 2001)
• "The Cosmic Dance: An Invitation to Experience Our Oneness" (Orbis, 2002)
• "Rest Your Dreams on a Little Twig" (Sorin Books, 2002)
• "Prayers to Sophia" (Sorin Books, 2004)
• "The Star in My Heart: Experiencing Sophia, Inner Wisdom" (Sorin Books, 2004)
• "The Circle of Life: The Heart's Journey Through the Seasons" (Sorin Books, 2005)
• "Walk in a Relaxed Manner: Life Lessons from the Camino" (Orbis, 2005)
• "Fresh Bread: And Other Gifts of Spiritual Nourishment" (Ave Maria Press, 2006)
• "May I Have This Dance? An Invitation to Faithful Prayer Throughout the Year" (Ave Maria Press, 2007 - rev. ed.)
• "Prayer" (Orbis, 2007)
• "Open Door: A Journey to the True Self" (Sorin Books, 2008)
• "God’s Enduring Presence: Strength for the Spiritual Journey" (Twenty Third Publications 2008)
• "Praying Our Goodbyes" (Ave Maria Press, 2009 - rev. ed)
Recordings.
"Out of the Ordinary: Chants" (Ave Maria Press, 2000)
"I Open to You: Chants" (Ave Maria Press, 2004)
"All of Life Is a Holy Festival" (Ave Maria Press, 2006)
"Befriend the Darkness, Welcome the Light" (Ave Maria Press, 2006)
Walking with Those Who Hurt: Caring for Ourselves and Coping with Change" (Ave Maria Press, 2006)
"May I Have This Dance?: Guided Meditations" (Ave Maria Press, 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="21425970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425970" title="Günter Morge">
Günter Morge

Günter Morge (13 August 1925 in Leipzig – 21 January 1984) was a German entomologist who specialised in Diptera.
For most of his career Morge worked at the Institut fur Pflanzenschutzforschung in Berlin mostly on Acalyptrate Diptera.He was also, sometime, curator of the large Diptera collections at Admont Abbey.
Works.
Partial list
To be continued

</doc>
<doc id="21425982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425982" title="Yorkton Bulldogs">
Yorkton Bulldogs

The Yorkton Bulldogs are a box lacrosse team based out of Yorkton, Saskatchewan. They are a member of the Prairie Gold Lacrosse League.
They were founded in 2003. They gain most of their talent from Yorkton Minor Lacrosse, Whitewood and also Sturgis, Saskatchewan, where they have an outstanding field lacrosse team and program.
In 2008 and 2009, the Bulldogs won the PGLL Junior Lacrosse Tier 2 championship.
On January 26, 2009, the Bulldogs gained word that head coach, Darin Lanigan, resigned from his unrespective coaching duties.
2009 Roster.
9 Brendon Turberfield
4 Justin Genaille
32 Geoff Jones
20 Taras McEwen
89 Roy Hutton
22 Jeremy Haas
2 Kevin Galli
5 Jayden Dozorec
10 Cody Jarvis
14 Robbie Kaczur
8 Jordan Dozorec
6 James Craig
94 Braeden Kittler
7 Jason Brook
21 Dustin Bennett
50 Dallas Bennett
17 Brandan Wizniak
19 Jackson Tetreault
33 Louden Choptuik
30 Travis Buckle
Logo Design.
Scott Marianchuk created the current Yorkton Bulldogs team logo.

</doc>
<doc id="21425983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425983" title="Women to the Top">
Women to the Top

Women to the Top (W2T) was a European project for bringing more women into top management. It was funded by the European Commission and ran 2003-2005 in Estonia, Denmark, Greece and Sweden. The total budget was 5.6 million SEK (half a million euros). The project was directed toward private and public employers.
The final report of Women to the Top is available online [http://www.women2top.net/uk/facts/Final_Report_W2T.pdf] and an article was published:
Estonia.
Ten women in five companies participated. All of the companies were foreign owned because it was believed they would be more willing to participate in the project than Estonian companies.
Sweden.
In Sweden the project was administered by the Ombudsman for Equal Opportunities (Jämo) with Marie Trollvik as project leader.
The project was evaluated by Jämo and the School of Business, Economics and Law at the University of Gothenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21425985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425985" title="Suck (film)">
Suck (film)

Suck is a 2009 rock-and-roll vampire black comedy film starring, written and directed by Rob Stefaniuk. Stefaniuk stars alongside Canadian actress Jessica Paré, Nicole de Boer (his castmate from the TV series "Catwalk"), Malcolm McDowell and rock legends Alice Cooper, Iggy Pop, Henry Rollins and Alex Lifeson of Rush. Production took place in and around Toronto in late 2008.
Premise and plot.
The film is a rock and roll-vampire-comedy. It follows a petty rock band called the Winners, consisting of vocalist Joey Winner (Stefaniuk), bassist Jennifer (Jessica Paré), guitarist Tyler (Paul Anthony), drummer Sam (Mike Lobel), and French-Canadian roadie Hugo (Chris Ratz), along with their sleazy manager Jeff (Dave Foley), as they tour across Canada and the USA after Jennifer is turned into a vampire by Queeny (Dimitri Coats). Meanwhile, a vampire hunter—who is afraid of the dark—named Eddie Van Helsing (McDowell) quickly chases them down. 
While on tour, one by one the band is turned into vampires. The band grows in popularity but Joey is losing interest in the vampire lifestyle. Joey tells Jennifer that they can become human but they will need to kill Queeny. The band, now working with Eddie, go to Queeny's mansion to fight him. During the fight Eddie discovers his lost love, Danielle, did not die but was turned. As Queeny is about to kill Eddie, he is stabbed in the heart by Joey. The band and Danielle become human again. Six months later Joey and Jennifer are bored living in suburbia when they are approached by the bartender (Alice Cooper), who reveals himself to be an entity that is more powerful and ancient than the vampire Queenie had been (with the implication that he is a fallen angel or Satan himself) and that he could give them more power and fame than they had possessed as vampires.
Production.
Filming.
Filming commenced November 23, 2008 in the Toronto area. It was filmed on location, and many of the clubs throughout the film are underground clubs and bars in Toronto such as The Big Bop (accounting for three of the clubs, each floor representing a different city on the tour). Members of Toronto's goth scene were requested to perform as background extras for some of the club scenes.
The US Customs scenes were shot at Toronto's defunct International Marine Passenger Terminal.
Filming lasted 20 days, on a budget of about $3.5 million (CAD).
Release.
Rights to the film were acquired by Alliance Films. It premiered on Friday, September 11, 2009 at the Toronto International Film Festival and was part of the South by Southwest Film Festival (SXSW) 2010 in Austin, Texas. E1 Entertainment holds the rights for the Home video (Blu-ray and DVD), VOD, digital and TV sales.

</doc>
<doc id="21425988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425988" title="2002–03 Greek Cup">
2002–03 Greek Cup

The Vodafone Greek Cup 2002–03 was the 61st edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
Final.
The 61st Greek Cup Final was played at the Toumba Stadium, Toumba (Thessaloniki).

</doc>
<doc id="21425996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21425996" title="Goebel Reeves">
Goebel Reeves

Goebel Leon Reeves (October 9, 1899 – January 26, 1959) was an American folk singer. His most famous song is "Hobo's Lullaby," which has been covered by numerous singers, notably Woody Guthrie and his son Arlo.
Born October 9, 1899, in Sherman, Texas, Reeves grew up in Austin while his father was a shoe salesman. His father rose from selling shoes to become a member of the Texas State Legislature. His mother taught the voice and piano. In 1917 he enlisted in the army as a bugler; he was wounded in frontline action. He was discharged and in 1921 adopted the life of a hobo, writing and singing songs as he travelled. It was from this time that an aura of mystery surround the life of the Texas Drifter. He travelled to Italy as a merchant seaman in the mid-1920s and toured Europe. But Europe was not ready for the Drifter and so, broke and hungry, he stowed his way back. He arrived in Galveston in 1929, and the first sound he heard was a Jimmie Rodgers record playing from a record store. Making records seemed like a good idea, so he swung up on the next fast freight for New York practicing yodels in the boxcar straw. Reeves walked into Long Island recording studio of the Gennett Record Co. and told George Keats, the manager, that he was an important recording artist from Texas. His first recordings were issued as Goeble Reeves, but that was too mundane; at all later sessions for Gennett, Okeh, and A.R.C he used a variety of pseudonyms including: The Texas Drifter; The Yodelling Wrangler; George Riley; Bert Knowles; The Broadway Wrangler; The Yodelling Rustler; Johnny Fay; The Broadway Rustler and Louie Acker.
Reeves' big break came in 1931. He was invited to join the clientele of a high-class New York restaurant and clutching his guitar, in he went. Graham McNamee, an NBC announcer, introduced "The Singing Bum" to Rudy Vallée, who immediately placed Reeves on his network radio show. Reeves was a great success, and signed an NBC contract for "three and a half." Reeves, not being the world's greatest accountant, divided several meals into $3.50. But when he got his pay check he was shocked; the three and a half turned out to be $350. Frank Black of Brunswick laid out the red carpet and allowed Reeves to make some transcription material (" Radio Station H.O.B.O calling..."). During this time around 1932-34 Reeves met such artists as Carson Robinson, Vernon Dalhart and Frank Luther. 
Heavy drinking and smoking took toll on Reeves' once melodic voice. His last sessions were in 1938 for the McGregor Transcription Recording Co. of Hollywood, California. These were numerous but not of his usual high vocal standard. The last transcriptions for McGregor were poems read to a strumming guitar, just before he joined the Wobblies (the Industrial Workers of the World). In the 1940s Reeves was semi-retired in Bell Gardens, a Los Angeles suburb. He lived completely alone, having lost touch with family and all his friends.
Goeble Reeves died of a heart attack in Long Beach Veterans Hospital on 26 January 1959
Reeves had a musical style that resembled that of "the Singing Brakeman" Jimmie Rodgers, including yodeling and lyrics about life on the road. Reeves claimed that he had taught Rodgers how to yodel as they traveled together in the 1920s. A sampling of the Texas Drifter's recordings can be found on the third CD of a four-CD set released in 2005, "Sounds Like Jimmie Rodgers" -on which Reeves sings 19 songs.

</doc>
<doc id="21426010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426010" title="George Boyce (Canadian politician)">
George Boyce (Canadian politician)

George Boyce (December 21, 1848 – February 28, 1930) was a politician and farmer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Unionist Party coalition to represent the riding of Carleton. He was also reeve of Nepean Township, Ontario for two years and councillor for Carleton County, Ontario for twelve years.

</doc>
<doc id="21426019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426019" title="Combe Sydenham">
Combe Sydenham

Combe Sydenham is a 15th-century manor house south of Monksilver in the parish of Stogumber, Somerset, England. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
Combe Sydenham is mentioned as a manor belonging to William de Moyon in the Domesday Book in 1086.
The porch was added in 1580 to the south front of the building. The west front was refenestrated, and at least 2 stair turrets added in the late 16th or early 17th century. The south front has been refenestrated and buildings to the north and east were demolished.
Combe Sydenham Hall was the home of the Sydenham family from the fourteen hundreds to the mid 18th century. 
In 1585, Francis Drake married Elizabeth Sydenham—born circa 1562, the only child of Sir George Sydenham, who was the High Sheriff of Somerset. Drake and Elizabeth Sydenham were to be married earlier however he left on a long voyage and her father arranged for her to be married to a son of the Wyndham family of Orchard Wyndham. On the day of wedding as they were approaching the Church of St Mary at Stogumber there was a loud clap of thunder and a large meteorite crashed through the roof. This was seen as a bad omen and the wedding stopped. Drake had arrived back in Plymouth the same day, and they were later married at the Church of All Saints in Monksilver. The iron meteorite, which became known as "Drake's cannon ball", is in diameter. It has been polished when rolled down hills and has remained at the house ever since. After Drake's death, Elizabeth eventually married Sir William Courtenay of Powderham.
The house is set in a estate which offers a Deer Park and a variety of walks.
See also.
Home of the British Downhill Series (BDS) with a National Race on April 13th and 14th 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21426065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426065" title="Talpa (film)">
Talpa (film)

Talpa is a 1956 Mexican drama film directed by Alfredo B. Crevenna. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21426071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426071" title="Iran Post">
Iran Post

Iran Post is the government-owned and operated corporation responsible for providing postal services in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="21426085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426085" title="BNY Mellon Center">
BNY Mellon Center

BNY Mellon Center may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21426089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426089" title="Geological Society of Washington">
Geological Society of Washington

The Geological Society of Washington is a learned society based in the Washington, D.C. area. According to its constitution, "The object of the Society is the increase and diffusion of geological knowledge"
Founding and early history.
The Geological Society of Washington (GSW) was founded in 1893. The core group of organizers was paleontologist C. D. Walcott and geologists S. F. Emmons and J. S. Diller of the United States Geological Survey (USGS), and artist/geologist W. H. Holmes and geologist G. P. Merrill of the Smithsonian Institution. By the end of February, 1893, they had drafted a constitution and attracted a total of 109 geologists, cartographers, geographers, hydrologists, and other scientists interested in earth science to become charter members. Among these were many notable figures, mostly from the Washington area, including John Wesley Powell, G. K. Gilbert, and F. W. Clarke. The main reason for the founding of GSW was to provide a forum in which geoscientists could meet to discuss their ideas. The robust geological community centered around the USGS and Smithsonian Institution had outgrown mixed scientific societies such as the Philosophical Society of Washington.
In 1897, GSW played a major role in organizing eight scientific societies in Washington, leading to the founding of the Washington Academy of Sciences in 1898. 
Meetings.
GSW has maintained a single meeting time, location and format throughout its entire history. Meetings are held at 8:00 pm on the second and fourth Wednesdays of each month, except during warm-weather months when most geological field work would normally be done. Almost all meetings have been held at the Cosmos Club in downtown Washington, an organization of which most GSW charter members, as well as many subsequent members, have been members. Most meetings have three formal scientific talks, each 20 minutes in length, followed by discussion. Once a year, the society invites a prominent speaker to give a 1-hour "Bradley lecture," named after the late geologist and GSW president, Wilmot H. Bradley. An Annual Meeting is held in December, at which the president of the society gives a 1-hour address. As of the end of 2008, 3871 papers had been read at 1461 meetings of the society since 1893, according to the GSW archives.
Publications and Awards.
GSW does not publish scientific papers or give general awards. The philosophy of the society is to communicate good science and encourage collegiality. Awards are therefore given each year for achievement in the following areas at GSW meetings:
In addition, GSW provides judges for science fairs in the Washington area and gives awards to the best earth science projects.

</doc>
<doc id="21426091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426091" title="Bruno Mendes">
Bruno Mendes

Bruno Miguel da Cunha Sousa Oliveira Mendes (born 15 March 1976 in Carregado, Lisbon) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Football career.
After making his first division debuts in the 1998–99 season with S.C. Campomaiorense, which folded soon after, Mendes moved to Rio Ave FC, going on to play in the club for nearly a decade and becoming one of the players with most matches in the Vila do Conde side's all-time list with more than 150 overall, only behind Evandro and Niquinha.
In the 2008–09 campaign, after helping Rio Ave to a top flight promotion, Mendes was an undisputed defensive starter, partnering former F.C. Porto's Gaspar in the middle and scoring in a 2–4 home loss against Vitória de Guimarães on 3 January 2009. 
In 2009–10 Rio Ave again managed to maintain its top division status, but he only contributed with two games, retiring at the end of the season aged 34.

</doc>
<doc id="21426108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426108" title="Gila River Golf Classic">
Gila River Golf Classic

The Gila River Golf Classic presented by Wild Horse Pass was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2001 to 2005. It was played at the Wild Horse Pass Resort's Whirlwind Golf Club on the Gila River Indian Community near Chandler, Arizona. The first two years it was played on the Devil's Claw course then shifted to the Cattail course for the final three years.
The purse in 2005 was US$450,000, with $81,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
Gila River Golf Classic presented by Wild Horse Pass
Gila River Classic at Wild Horse Pass Resort
Gila River Classic at Wild Horse Pass Development

</doc>
<doc id="21426123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426123" title="Cultural treatments of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki">
Cultural treatments of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

This is a list of cultural products made about the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. It includes literature, film, music and other art forms.

</doc>
<doc id="21426144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426144" title="Peter Bullock (footballer)">
Peter Bullock (footballer)

Peter Leonard Bullock (born 17 November 1941) is an English former footballer who played as an inside forward. He scored 53 goals in 199 appearances in the Football League playing for Stoke City, Birmingham City, Southend United, Colchester United, Exeter City and Walsall.
Career.
Bullock was born in Stoke-on-Trent and began his career with Stoke City. He made his debut for Stoke in a 4–1 defeat away at Swansea Town on 19 April 1958 at the age of 16 years and 163 days becoming the club's youngest player, he also scored Stoke's goal thus becoming youngest goalscorer. He scored five goals in 13 appearances in 1958–59 but injury kept him out of the entire 1959–60 season. He returned to the side in 1960–61 under new manager Tony Waddington playing in 19 matches scoring five goals. He scored five goals again in 1961–62 and was sold to First Division Birmingham City for a fee of £10,000. He was never able to live up to his potential at Birmingham and after making 28 appearances in four years he left for Southend United.
Bullock didn't stay long at Roots Hall quickly moving to local rivals Colchester United with whom he helped again promotion from the Fourth Division in 1965–66. He scored 15 goals in 1966–67 as the "U's" finished in 13th position, but relegation was suffered in 1967–68 and Bullock joined Exeter City in August 1968. He spent just three months at Exeter before returning to Staffordshire and played for non-league Stafford Rangers. He made a short return to professional football playing seven matches for Walsall before retiring.
Personal life.
Bullock comes from a footballing family. His elder brother Brian was an amateur with West Bromwich Albion and Stoke City, and younger brother Mickey had a long playing career before going into management. His son Simon played for Halifax Town while Mickey Bullock was manager there.

</doc>
<doc id="21426146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426146" title="Thicker than Water (2005 film)">
Thicker than Water (2005 film)

Thicker than Water is a television film starring Melissa Gilbert and Lindsay Wagner. It premiered on Hallmark Channel on November 23, 2005.
Plot summary.
After the death of her father, Natalie Travers (Melissa Gilbert) discovers he was married to a rodeo star before he married Natalie's mother. Upset that her father kept part of his life a secret from her and bewildered over how a prominent judge could fall for a cowgirl, she sets out to find Maggie Mae Jarrett. But Natalie meets her daughter Jessie Mae Jarrett (Lindsay Wagner) who is struggling to keep the wild horses on her land alive and safe.
Thicker than water is a classic example of a film that has more background music, than people actually talking.

</doc>
<doc id="21426150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426150" title="D&amp;D Insider">
D&amp;D Insider

"Dungeons & Dragons" Insider (DDI) is Wizards of the Coast's method of digitally delivering periodic content and information about "Dungeons & Dragons" to the game's players.
DDI was announced at the 2007 Gen Con as a subscription-based electronic supplement to Dungeons & Dragons. The demo included a short video of a virtual "dungeon" (called the Game Table) in which some "D&D" adventures take place, containing virtual miniatures based on your character as created in the Character Visualizer (a 3D full-body portrait program).
Currently DDI subscription includes an online character builder (requires Microsoft Silverlight), "Dragon" and "Dungeon" web content, and a compendium of rules elements. Additionally, a beta version of a monster builder (as part of the Adventure Tools suite) and the Virtual Table have been released.
Presently, it is unclear if the Character Visualizer is still slated for completion as originally advertised. This has caused some degree of backlash within the customer base, as this tool (and the currently-in-beta Virtual Table) were scheduled to launch when the 4th edition core books were released mid-2008; an additional source of anger is the litigious approach of Wizards of the Coast towards third-party developers who create tools to fill the gaps left by these unreleased tools.

</doc>
<doc id="21426152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426152" title="Alfredo B. Crevenna">
Alfredo B. Crevenna

Alfredo B. Crevenna (22 April 1914 – 30 August 1996) was a Mexican film director and screenwriter. He directed 151 films between 1945 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21426158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426158" title="KAAI">
KAAI

KAAI (98.5 FM, "Air 1") is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Palisade, Colorado. The station broadcasts a Christian rock format to the Grand Junction, Colorado, area. KAAI is owned and operated by the Educational Media Foundation.
History.
This station launched in 2007 as KAAI, a stand-alone translator of the Air 1 Christian music radio network. In March 2008, the station was bought by Covenant Educational Media, Inc. and its Contemporary Christian/Religious format was launched.
In October 2009, the station changed its call sign to KVTT on the 1st then to KJSA on the 14th. The changes were made after its sister station in Dallas, Texas, which formerly held the KVTT calls, vacated its FM frequency following a sale to a public broadcaster, which now operates that station as KKXT. The KVTT call sign now resides on a daytime-only AM station in Mineral Wells, Texas, formerly licensed as KJSA, which was operated by Covenant Educational Media from October 2009 until July 2010, when Covenant ceased operations; that station is now broadcasting a classic country format programmed by that station's current owners, Texoma Broadcasting.
The station fell silent on October 13, 2009, making it one of the shortest-running Christian music/talk formatted stations in the nation. On October 29, the station applied to the FCC for special temporary authority to remain silent for financial reasons while a suitable buyer for the station and its assets was found. Its sister station KVTT suffered the same fate on July 12, 2010, with control of that station returned to its owners, who brokered its broadcast day to Covenant. The Commission granted the station this authority on February 16, 2010, with a scheduled expiration date of August 15, 2010.
Covenant reached an agreement to sell KJSA back to the Educational Media Foundation for a cash price of $200,000 on February 4, 2010. The FCC approved the sale on March 26, 2010, and the transaction was consummated on April 8, 2010. On April 14, 2010, KJSA changed their call letters back to KAAI and returned to the air as a member of the Air 1 radio network.

</doc>
<doc id="21426163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426163" title="William L. Waller, Jr.">
William L. Waller, Jr.

The Hon. William L. Waller, Jr. (born February 9, 1952) was sworn in as Chief Justice on the Supreme Court of Mississippi in January 2009. He represents the Central Judicial District of Mississippi.
Early years.
Waller, a native and current resident of Jackson, Mississippi, is the son of William "Bill" Waller., Sr., former Governor of Mississippi. The junior Waller graduated from Murrah High School and Mississippi State University in 1974, where he was a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity. He received his law degree from the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1977.
Career.
Waller practiced law with the firm of Waller and Waller in Jackson for over 20 years and served as a Municipal Judge for the City of Jackson. Waller was elected to the Mississippi Supreme Court in November 1996, and re-elected in November 2004. He served as a Presiding Justice from January 2004 until December 2008, and assumed the position of Chief Justice in January 2009
Justice Waller has sought to bring reforms in the administration of justice. He supported adoption by the Supreme Court of mediation rules for civil litigation and served as Chairman of the Mississippi Public Defender Task Force from 2000 - 2005. Justice Waller was principal architect of what became legislation which created the Office of Capital Post Conviction Counsel, the Office of Indigent Appeals and the Comprehensive Electronic Court Systems Fund. Waller served as chairman of the Supreme Court Rules Committee from 2001 to 2008. In 2012, he led efforts that resulted in the passage of judicial compensation reform legislation.
Justice Waller was the recipient of the Judicial Innovation Award for 2003-2004 by the Hinds County Bar Association and the Jackson Young Lawyers Association. He received the Chief Justice Award in 2005 for his work as chairman of a special study committee to develop a statewide e-filing and docket management system. He received the Mississippi State University Pre-Law Society’s Distinguished Jurist award in 2009. He received the Judicial Excellence Award for 2011-2012 from the Capital Area Bar Association and the Jackson Young Lawyers Association. Mississippi College School of Law presented him with an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws in 2012.
Justice Waller is currently a member of the Stennis Institute Advisory Board at Mississippi State University. He is a former Eagle Scout and serves on the Advisory Board of the Andrew Jackson Council, Boy Scouts of America. Justice Waller also serves on the adjunct faculty of the Mississippi College School of Law.
Military career.
Presently assigned to the Retired Reserve, Justice Waller attained the rank of Brigadier General while serving as Commander of the 66th Troop Command, Mississippi Army National Guard, Jackson, Mississippi.
Personal life.
Waller and his wife, Charlotte, have three children and are members of First Baptist Church Jackson where he has served as Chairman of the Deacons.

</doc>
<doc id="21426173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426173" title="Judi Donaghy">
Judi Donaghy

Judi Donaghy (born October 14, 1960) is an award-winning American vocalist, producer and songwriter from the Twin Cities. She is a music educator at McNally Smith College of Music, as well as a popular jazz performer. She is noted for her work with The Girls, the Wolverines Big Band and most notably as a member of Bobby McFerrin's Voicestra.
Biography.
Donaghy was born in Erlanger, Kentucky, and began her career as a folk singer. Upon hearing the Wolverines Big Band, she began to include jazz in her focus. She obtained her BM in Vocal Performance from the University of Nebraska and her masters in music education at the University of Minnesota. She has been an instructor at McNally Smith College of Music since 1994 and is currently the department head.
Her vocal group, The Girls, consists of Lori Dokken, Patty Peterson, Erin Schwab.
Among the years, she has also worked with Yo Yo Ma, Carole King, Janis Siegel (of Manhattan Transfer fame), Debbie Duncan, Rhiannon, Julee Cruise, Garrison Keillor and Marilyn McCoo. She recently completed her 4th European tour with Voicestra.
She has received acclaim from JAZZIZ Magazine for her songwriting, and from the Schubert Club, becoming the first non-classical performer to represent them. She has sung on more than 30 CDs to date, has performed as an on-air talent, and her original work has been covered by several local artists. She is the choral director at the Unity Christ Church in Golden Valley, Minnesota, and has given vocal master classes and clinics with Bobby McFerrin at the Omega Institute and the Stimmen Voice Festival in Basel, Switzerland.
She has performed at various venues, including Carnegie Hall, Orchestra Hall (Minneapolis), Northrop Opera and the Mixed Blood Theatre. She performs frequently at the Dakota Jazz Club, Times Bar & Café, and The Townhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21426185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426185" title="Point of novelty">
Point of novelty

Point of novelty is a term used in patent law to distinguish those elements or limitations in a patent claim that are conventional or known from those elements or limitations that are not conventional or known. That part of the invention may also be termed its "point of departure from the prior art." The term is also applied to a patentability test--the point of novelty test--which determines patentability (usually, obviousness) by considering the point(s) of novelty after dissecting out the conventional part.
In a Jepson claim, the conventional parts of the claim elements are placed in a preamble, such as "In a grease gun comprising a cylinder enclosing a piston longitudinally movable in said cylinder, said cylinder having a nozzle at a distal end thereof," which is followed by a transitional phrase such as "the improvement comprising," which is followed by a recitation of the element or elements constituting the point of novelty, such as "said nozzle having a fluted opening at a distal end thereof."
A conceptual problem may arise in applying the point of novelty method of analysis when the elements at the point of novelty cooperate or co-act with the conventional elements or part of them in a novel way. The novel co-action is properly considered part of the point of novelty of the invention and should therefore properly be recited "after" the transitional phrase.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit formerly used the point of novelty test for design patents as the basis of a patent infringement analysis, but the court recently abandoned that test in "Egyptian Goddess, Inc. v. Swisa, Inc." The Federal Circuit has at times criticized use of the point of novelty test in obviousness analysis, but the Supreme Court has continued to use a point of novelty test for obviousness. In "Parker v. Flook" the Supreme Court analyzed patent-eligibility (statutory subject matter) under a point of novelty test, citing "Neilson v. Harford" and "O’Reilly v. Morse" as authority, but in "Diamond v. Diehr", the Court used the opposite approach.
Present-day American patent law still acknowledges that some parts of a patent application may constitute "insignificant post-solution activity". This is basically still a kind of "point of novelty" approach, disallowed under present patent law. A proper patent application never contains truly "insignificant" elements.
The "contribution approach" in European patent law is similar to the American "point of novelty" approach. It is supposed to be invalid, but it is still being applied under various guises in order to avoid counter-intuitive results.

</doc>
<doc id="21426207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426207" title="Nihat Baştürk">
Nihat Baştürk

Nihat Baştürk (born 23 October 1973, in Afyon, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer. He spent the majority of his career with Gençlerbirliği, playing 12 seasons of Super League football in Turkey. The midfielder then had a season's stint with Antalyaspor in Turkey's First League (Second Tier Football) before spending a couple seasons with Second League side, Fethiyespor. For the 2008/2009 season, the 35 year old joined another Second League side, Afyonkarahisarspor, the club of his hometown.
International career.
Baştürk was an unused substitute for Turkey's 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification group match against Wales on 20 August 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21426209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426209" title="Alistair Fenwick">
Alistair Fenwick

Alistair Fenwick (born 15 November 1951) is a retired British auto racing driver. His most famous drive was in the 1990 24 Hours of Le Mans. He drove for the GP Motorsport Team, alongside Alex Postan and New Zealand driver Craig Simmiss. In the last placed car to complete the race, he finished fifth in the C2 Class, twenty-eighth overall. In 1991 he entered round twelve of the British Touring Car Championship, but failed to start the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21426233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426233" title="Landgraaf railway station">
Landgraaf railway station

Landgraaf is a railway station in Landgraaf, Netherlands, situated near the district Schaesberg. Before 1986, it was called "Schaesberg". The station was opened on 1 May 1896 and is located on the Sittard–Herzogenrath railway and the Heuvellandlijn (Maastricht - Kerkrade). The services are operated by Veolia and Deutsche Bahn.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Landgraaf:

</doc>
<doc id="21426237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426237" title="Zygmunt Grudziński (1560–1618)">
Zygmunt Grudziński (1560–1618)

Zygmunt Grudziński (1560–1618) was a Polish noble. Castellan of Kruszwica (1593–1601), starost of Inowrocław and voivode of Rawa from 1613.
In 1606 he supported the rokosz of Zebrzydowski arguing in Sandomierz that loyalty to the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth is more important than loyalty to the king (Sigismund III Vasa).

</doc>
<doc id="21426252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426252" title="British Columbia Conservation Officer Service">
British Columbia Conservation Officer Service

British Columbia Conservation Officer Service (BCCOS) is responsible for protecting the environment and natural resources in British Columbia. Conservation Officers are peace officers, armed, and enforce 6 federal statutes and 25 provincial statutes, including the "Species at Risk Act", "Liquor Control and Licensing Act", "Wildlife Act" and "Environmental Management Act".
COS is headquartered at Victoria and operates out of 44 office locations. COS is involved in outreach and education, compliance monitoring and verification, public reporting, investigations and enforcement actions.
History/Highlights.
On July 1, 1905, British Columbia established the Department for the Protection of Game and Forests, hired the first Game and Forest Warden which eventually grew into the BCCOS today.
From 1918-1929, Game Wardens were abolished and the British Columbia Provincial Police took over the responsibility to enforce wildlife legislations.
In 1961, Game Wardens were officially renamed to Conservation Officer.
In 1980, Conservation Officer Services became a distinct part of the Ministry.
In 1983, Conservation Officers are appointed as special provincial constable. Up until 1987, all COs were males.
Between the years of 1997-2000, COs were given a much wider authority in their law enforcement duties, including the ability to conduct surveillance, seize property and to arrest and detain.
In 2002, the Chief Conservation Officer became a legislated position and was placed in charge of BCCOS. He can now designate anyone to become conservation officers, auxiliary conservation officers or special conservation officers, depending on the needs of the agency.
July 1, 2005 marked the 100th Anniversary since the first appointment of Game Warden.
Officers.
At one time the service had Regular and Seasonal officers. Currently, there are full time regular and special conservation officers.

</doc>
<doc id="21426256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426256" title="Maurie">
Maurie

Plot summary.
The film chronicles Twyman's and Stokes's relationship from Stokes's rookie year in the NBA up until his death. Stokes and Twyman were teammates on the Rochester Royals during the 1950s (during which time the team located to Cincinnati). Stokes fell ill three days after the last game of the 1957-58 NBA season, in Minneapolis. Stokes drove to the basket, drew contact and fell to the floor, hit his head, and was knocked unconscious. He was revived with smelling salts, and he returned to the game.
Three days later, after an opening-round playoff game against the Detroit Pistons, Stokes became ill during the team's flight back to Cincinnati, suffered a seizure and fell into a coma to awaken in a Cincinnati hospital three weeks later. Stokes never fully recovered from the brain injury, and he was left permanently paralyzed. He would be confined to bed or a wheelchair as an almost completely paralyzed quadraplegic, and would need constant nursing care.
Twyman offered his friendship and continuous moral support and financial aid to Stokes and his family (even legally adopting him), who were saddled with the difficult task of caring for the virtually invalid Stokes, up until Stokes's death from a heart attack in 1970.
Cast.
The film starred then-newcomer actor Bernie Casey (also a former NFL player) as Stokes, and the Swedish actor Bo Svenson as Twyman.
Supporting cast.
The cast included distinguished veteran actors Bill Walker and Maidie Norman as Maurice's parents; Janet MacLachlan played Stokes's college girlfriend, Dorothy (Stokes was carrying a diamond ring in his pocket, all set to propose to her, when he had the seizure on the plane); and the now veteran character actor Ji-Tu Cumbuka portrayed Oscar Robertson.
Music.
The filmmakers hired Frank Sinatra to sing the theme song, "Winners" (Reprise 1190).

</doc>
<doc id="21426262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426262" title="Çuka e Partizanit">
Çuka e Partizanit

Çuka e Partizanit is a mountain peak in Albania. It is the highest peak of the mountain of Tomorr at . Çuka e Partizanit is located on the northern part of Tomorr along its steep ridge. The peak can be seen from the city of Berat.

</doc>
<doc id="21426281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426281" title="OK Diner">
OK Diner

The OK Diner is a privately owned roadside restaurant chain in the United Kingdom. The restaurants have a retro, 1950s-style, American diner theme with popular 50s music, chequerboard flooring, booth seating, plenty of chrome details and 50s memorabilia on the walls. The concept was created by John Roebuck and Tony Horsfall for City Centre Restaurants (now The Restaurant Group) and was sold to co-directors Ian Hendry and Dafydd Poole following a management buy-out in January 2001.
As of August 2011, the chain has eight operating restaurants.
Menu.
The menu served consists of popular diner favourites such as burgers, hot dogs, grills, cooked breakfasts, thick shakes and desserts. Since 2012, burritos have been added to the menu. In traditional diner style tea, filter coffee and soft drinks are all refilled free of charge. Root beer and floats are also available. There is also a children’s menu for children under 10 years of age, off which kids eat free when an adult gets a full meal.
Current Locations.
The OK Diner chain has eight restaurants as of September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21426286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426286" title="1964 Speedway National League">
1964 Speedway National League

The 1964 National League Division One was the nineteenth post-war season of the highest tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="21426316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426316" title="Kūlgrinda">
Kūlgrinda

Kūlgrinda (; ) is a hidden underwater stony road or ford across swamps and swampy areas used for defense in the history of Lithuania. Similar secret roads made primarily of wood and ground were known as medgrinda () and žemgrinda () respectively.
Undetectable from the surface, these roads were usually known only to the locals, and as such were an important element of the defense against various invaders, including the Teutonic Knights in the 13–14th centuries. Kūlgrindas provided a safe shortcut between villages, hillforts, and other defensive structures. They were built by bringing stones, wood, or gravel over frozen swamps in the winter and letting them sink once the ice melted. Such procedure would be repeated several times. Sometimes wooden posts were inserted to protect the elevated area from washing away.
The remnants of kūlgrindas are most often found in the territory of Lithuania, but also in Kaliningrad Oblast (former East Prussia), Belarus, and Latvia. It is estimated that Lithuania has 27 kūlgrindas and 7 medgrindas, about half of them in Samogitia. The longest and best-known surviving kūlgrinda is across the Sietuva swamp between lakes Lūkštas and Paršežeris in Samogitia. It survives in three segments and was used up to the 19th century as a road between Kaltinėnai and Tverai. One of the first to investigate the Sietuva kūlgrinda was Ludwik Krzywicki. Other kūlgrindas are found in the Amalva swamp in southern Lithuania and at Šiuraičiai near Priekulė. The Alkupis kūlgrinda near Kvėdarna was severely damaged during land amelioration by Soviet authorities. The oldest medgrinda was found in Kernavė and is dated to the 4–7th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="21426321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426321" title="William Rufus Nicholson">
William Rufus Nicholson

William Rufus Nicholson (January 8, 1822-June 7, 1901) was a bishop of the Reformed Episcopal Church and one of the first professors at the Theological Seminary of the Reformed Episcopal Church.
Biography.
Nicholson was born in Greene County, Mississippi, on January 8, 1822, where his father was a judge. He converted to Christianity as a result of attending a Methodist camp in 1835. After attending the Methodist Episcopal College in LaGrange, Alabama, he was ordained at the age of twenty and served four years in New Orleans. He transferred to the Protestant Episcopal Church in 1847 and was ordained by Bishop Leonidas Polk. Having served four churches in this denomination (in New Orleans, LA; Cincinnati, OH; Boston, MA and Newark, NJ), he decided to transfer to the Reformed Episcopal Church in 1875. That same year he was elected bishop, with his consecration by Bishop George David Cummins taking place on February 24, 1876, in Philadelphia. He served as bishop of the New York and Philadelphia Synod of the Reformed Episcopal Church until his death. Nicholson also received an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from Kenyon College in Ohio. When the Reformed Episcopal Seminary was founded, Nicholson became Dean and one of its first professors. He also wrote a commentary on the book of Colossians titled "Oneness with Christ".
Nicholson died on June 7, 1901, and was buried in Forest Hills Cemetery, Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="21426326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426326" title="1985 Lipton International Players Championships">
1985 Lipton International Players Championships

The 1985 Lipton International Players Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 1st edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix and the 1985 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. Both the men's and the women's events took place at Laver's International Tennis Resort in Delray Beach, Florida from February 4 through February 18, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21426340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426340" title="Mali i Kulmakut">
Mali i Kulmakut

Mali i Kulmakut is a peak found in Albania. Maja e Kulmakut is a peak of Tomorr and has a height of above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="21426356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426356" title="White Sands PupFish">
White Sands PupFish

The White Sands PupFish are a professional baseball team based in Alamogordo, New Mexico. The team is a member of the Pecos League, an independent baseball league which is not affiliated with Major or Minor League Baseball. They were originally known as the Coastal Kingfish and played in the Continental Baseball League. For the 2009 season, the Kingfish was a traveling team without a home ballpark. In early April 2010, the Coastal Kingfish replaced the West Texas Road Hogs as the CBL travel team. The Kingfish joined the Pecos League in 2011 as the White Sands PupFish, and relocated to Alamogordo, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="21426357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426357" title="Yemeni Navy">
Yemeni Navy

The Yemeni Navy is the maritime component of the armed forces of Yemen.
History.
Yemen's navy was created in 1990 when North and South Yemen united. 
Yemen early on had problems with trying to keep drugs from entering Yemen by sea. In 2006 Yemen purchased 10 Bay-class patrol boats which were very effective at stopping smugglers from entering Yemen. 
In the Hanish Islands Crisis, Yemen prepared its navy for an assault on the Hanish islands and on Eritrea. Eritrea accidentally destroyed a Russian ship thinking it was a Yemeni ship. The invasion however never happened since Eritrea made agreements with Yemen which involved Eritrea taking over the islands. Yemen however, later took over Zukur-Hanish archipelago island which created further tensions with the Eritrean government but it didn't lead to another war.
Yemen is currently on the look out for Somali pirates, due to Yemen's proximity to Somalia. Yemen has greatly tightened its security after attacks on Yemeni ships.
Naval Equipment.
Corvette
Missile Boat
Patrol Craft
Utility Craft
Landing Ships
Minesweeper/hunter
References.
The Bay patrol craft currently under construction are for the Yemeni Coast Guard, not the Yemeni Navy. Likewise, the 10 Austal Patrol Craft belong to the Coast Guard, not the Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="21426362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426362" title="Sablatnig N.I">
Sablatnig N.I

__NOTOC__
The Sablatnig N.I was a bomber aircraft developed in Germany during the First World War, a development of the Sablatnig C.I adapted for night operations. It was a two-bay biplane of conventional design, with staggered wings, two open cockpits in tandem, and fixed, tailskid undercarriage. It is unclear if any more than a single prototype were built during the war, but after the armistice, Sablatnig developed a civil variant. 
Dubbed the P.I, this added a cabin for four passengers and was one of the few aircraft approved by ILÜK ("Interallierte Luftfahrt-Überwachungs-Kommission", Inter-allied Aviation Control Commission) for production in Germany. Danish Air Express and Lloyd Luftverkehr Sablatnig both operated the type.

</doc>
<doc id="21426405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426405" title="A Kiss from Mary Pickford">
A Kiss from Mary Pickford

A Kiss From Mary Pickford ( - Potseluy Meri Pikford) (1927) is a comedy film made in the Soviet Union, directed by Sergei Komarov and co-written by Komarov and Vadim Shershenevich. The film, starring Igor Ilyinsky, is mostly known today because of a cameo by the popular film couple Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks. The footage of the couple was shot during their visit to the USSR, with the couple knowingly participating as a gesture towards the Russian film industry.
The film was shown during the Berlin International Film Festival in February 1991 and at San Francisco Silent Film Festival Winter Festival at the Castro Theatre in February 2009.
A print exists in the Library of Congress.
Plot.
Goga Palkin is a theatre check-taker in love with an beginner actress named Dusya. She has a crush on Douglas Fairbanks and only wants to date someone famous like a Hollywood star. After a chance meeting and a kiss from Mary Pickford, Goga becomes a local celebrity, and a lot of girls chase him through the streets. The popularity of her admirer makes Dusya jealous, and she falls for him.

</doc>
<doc id="21426420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426420" title="Mr. Zel">
Mr. Zel

Zeliş Şenol aka Zelish is a Turkish Cypriot singer who was born in Nicosia. She has been involved with music from a young age and has taken part in a number of festivals and toured all the major cities of Cyprus. She has also has worked with Grammy winner, Billy Paul and sung in a concert with Billy Cobham. In 2007, she sang in the Europalia Festival in Berlin. She is a member of ‘Larkos Larkos’s’ music group ‘Kyprogenia’ and she performed during Cyprus’ induction ceremony into the European Union. She also studied to become an Actress between 2005-2009, now she is performing in Turkish Municipality Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="21426421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426421" title="Cuppacumbalong Homestead">
Cuppacumbalong Homestead

Cuppacumbalong is an historic homestead located near the southern outskirts of Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory. It is also the name of a former sheep and cattle grazing property that surrounded the homestead near the junction of the Murrumbidgee and Gudgenby Rivers. The word "Cuppacumbalong" is Aboriginal in origin and means 'meeting of the waters'. One of the property's early owners Leopold Fabius Dietegen Fane De Salis made a noteworthy contribution to political life during colonial times and furthermore, Cuppacumbalong has strong connections to the life of William Farrer, the father of the Australian wheat industry.
James Wright.
Englishmen James Wright and a friend John Hamilton Mortimer Lanyon migrated to Australia during the early 1830s. In 1833 they were amongst the first squatters to established sheep runs in the Queanbeyan region, building the Lanyon Homestead. In 1835 they acquired several adjoining blocks on the Murrumbidgee River. Wright established "Cuppacumbalong" located on the southern side of the Murrumbidgee River in 1839. At the time this region was situated outside the Nineteen Counties of New South Wales and despite the uncertainty of land tenure, many squatters ran large numbers of sheep and cattle beyond the boundaries. By one current-day account 'Cuppacumbalong' stretched southward to presentday Bredbo. In 1848 financial difficulties forced Wright to sell "Lanyon" to Andrew Cunningham and shift his operations to "Cuppacumbalong". Wright sold 'Cuppacumbalong' to the de Salis family in 1855.
De Salis family.
Leopold Fabius Dietegen Fane de Salis (1816–1898), pastoralist and politician, was born on 26 April 1816 in Florence, Italy, the fourth son of Jerome Fane, fourth Count de Salis, the third son by his third wife Henrietta, a daughter of William Foster (bishop). Sir William Foster Stawell, later the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria was his first cousin. 
De Salis was educated at the English public school Eton College, before completing further studies in sheep farming near Jedburgh, in Scotland. In 1840 at the age of 24, De Salis emigrated to New South Wales where he acquired with a partner the 'Darbalara Station' located on the Murrumbidgee River near Yass. In 1845 he established a run he called "Jewnee pastoral station" in the Riverina district as well as two others over an 8 year period. As a principal squatter, he was instrumental in opening up to the area to agriculture. After he disposed of these interests, the village (later the township) of Junee was established on this site. He married Charlotte MacDonald in 1844 with whom he had five children; Leopold William (1845–1930), Rodolph (1841–1876), George Arthur Charles, Henry Gubert (1858–1931) and Henrietta Nina (1848-1929). In 1855 the de Salis family bought and relocated to 'Cuppacumbalong' Station situated on the Murrumbidgee River.
Cuppacumbalong was noted for its especially fine wool and magnificent draught horses. De Salis undertook a number of property improvements such as crop irrigation and was a local pioneer in the use of stock dams. The homestead was situated low to the river and was subsequently inundated on a number of occasions by flood waters during de Salis' time.
Within six years of the family's arrival in the Queanbeyan district the Robertson Land Acts was passed into law in New South Wales. These measures were designed to wrest control of land away from the squatocracy and encourage the takeup of land by smaller more productive landholders (selectors). De Salis quickly registered several parcels of land under the names of various family members and dummies to retain ownership of 'the flats', the riverflats that backed onto the Murrumbidgee River. In doing so he eventually consolidated his family's land holding and 'converted' his squatter run into a de facto 'freehold estate'.
Leopold's only daughter Nina married scientist William Farrer in 1882. De Salis gave the newly-weds 97 hectares of his property, which the Farrers later named "Lambrigg".
In 1869 the De Salis family acquired the "Nass"; and "Nass Valley" squatting runs located in Upper Murrumbidgee area and later still purchased the "Coolemon" run high in the Brindabella Ranges. Later in the 1870s his sons acquired stations in Queensland, most notably "Strathmore", located near the township of Bowen. Leopold's immediate elder brother William Fane De Salis, who visited New South Wales in 1842, 1844 and 1848, was an important collaborator, and held a number of prominent positions including the chairmanship of the London Chartered Bank of Australia and the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company. William used his financial connections to help his brother finance these pastoral operations.
Leopold de Salis was elected the Local Member for Queanbeyan in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly where he served local constituents from 1864–69. Then in July 1874 he was appointed to the New South Wales Legislative Council. In a political career spanning 24 years, De Salis pursued taxation reform, specifically income tax, that required labourers contribute 'as an insurance against misfortune or improvidence'.
The De Salis family later fell victim to the financial crisis of the 1890s and the Union bank foreclosed on the family's Queensland land holdings in 1892. Leopold visited England in 1893, when the accompaying photograph was taken. The De Salis family remained at Cuppacumbalong until 1894. Leopold was declared insolvent four years later with a debt of £100,000 shortly before his death.
De Salis Street located in the Canberra suburb of Weetangera is named in honour of Leopold de Salis.
Various owners.
Cuppacumbalong passed through the hands of two sets of owners during the first two decades of the 20th century. Colonel Selwyn Campbell was in partnership with George Circuitt who was married to a daughter of Mr Crace of "Gungahleen" of the Ginninderra district. Campbell and co lived there for 13 years until August 1911, having sold the estate to A.G. McKeahnie of Queanbeyan. A new owner Alan Thomson acquired the property after this time. Thomson built a new homestead at a point high above the Murrumbidgee River flood plain overlooking the old homestead which he later demolished .
Snow family.
Frank Snow who originated from Ballarat in central Victoria acquired "Cuppacumbalong" in the early 1920s. He completed extensive additions to the Thomson homestead. This modern bungalow offered beautiful views of the surrounding country side from the terraces where frilly petunias cascaded over the walls and brightly coloured parrots amongst the hawthorns and the giant arbutus.
The Snow family played host to a number of international guests most notably the then UK Opposition Leader and future Prime Minister Anthony Eaton and later still Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh during their 1952 Australian Royal tour.
The Snow family continued with the wool tradition running about 7,000 head of Merino sheep and 300 head of Hereford cattle. In addition they operated a small Romney Marsh sheep stud. At in size "Cuppacumbalong" was one of the largest remaining freehold rural properties in the late 1960s.
Commercial uses.
In the early to mid-1970s the Federal Governments under Prime Ministers William McMahon and Gough Whitlam withdrew the rural leases for Lanyon, Cuppacumbalong Homestead and Gold Creek Homestead. In 1975, Karen O’Clery leased Cuppacumbalong Homestead from the Department of the Capital Territory and established the Cuppacumbalong Craft Centre, with a cafe, exhibition rooms, two permanent studios (later extended to three). Later still a shop was opened displaying studio output and other craft work.
With a change of lease in 1999, the Cuppacumbalong Homestead became a restaurant and wedding reception centre. A separate cottage gallery continued to exhibit and sell Australian craftwork. Then one year after the disastrous 2003 Canberra bush fires, business was dealt a fatal blow. The Tharwa bridge was closed, both Cuppacumbalong businesses suspended operations. The current lessees plan to convert the homestead to a private residence and to build a separate gallery and bakery cafe.
Heritage site.
All three "Cuppacumbalong" homesteads, including the ones constructed by James Wright, the de Salis and Snow families are included on the ACT Heritage Register.
The citation of the Heritage Register states that: 
the remains of the first (Wright) homestead and the second (De Salis) homestead are important archaeological sites associated with the first settlement of the area. The current homestead which dates from 1923 is a good, relatively rare and reasonably intact example of the Inter-War California Bungalow style in the ACT. It is one of only a few known examples of this style in the ACT.
The de Salis family grave is also sited at Cuppacumbalong and about 16 people associated with to the de Salis family including the count, his wife, their second son and station staff are buried there.
The de Salis family planted stands of Lombardy poplars alongside the riverfront at Tharwa.

</doc>
<doc id="21426423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426423" title="Lankester Merrin">
Lankester Merrin

Father Lankester Merrin is a fictional character in the novel "The Exorcist" (1971), its film adaptation, "The Exorcist" (1973), and several sequel films. 
In the novel.
Merrin, an elderly priest on an archeological dig in Iraq, finds images of the demon Pazuzu and subsequently experiences other unusual phenomena. He had previously faced the demon many years ago during an exorcism in Africa. The find sparks a premonition that he will battle the demon again in a distant land. Merrin does not appear again until much later in the novel, when he joins the protagonist, Father Damien Karras, in Washington, D.C. to exorcise the demon from the body of a young girl. Merrin, who has a heart condition for which he takes nitroglycerin, dies during the ritual, leaving the inexperienced Karras to complete the exorcism himself.
In the film.
Merrin's depiction in the 1973 film "The Exorcist" is faithful to the novel. The character of Merrin reappears in the sequel "" (1977), in extended flashbacks detailing an exorcism he performed in Africa following the Second World War. He is portrayed in both films by Max von Sydow.
The character was featured again in both prequel films, ' and '. Both films revisit Merrin's experiences in Africa immediately prior to his first exorcism, but each presents a different version of the events and neither agrees with the events as presented in "Exorcist II". He is played in both films by Stellan Skarsgård.

</doc>
<doc id="21426427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426427" title="1819 in sports">
1819 in sports

1819 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Boxing.
Events
Cricket.
Events
England
Horse racing.
England

</doc>
<doc id="21426430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426430" title="Ludmila of Poděbrady">
Ludmila of Poděbrady

Ludmila of Poděbrady (; (16 October 1456 – Legnica, 20 January 1503), was a member of the House of Poděbrady and by marriage Duchess of Chojnów-Oława-Legnica-Brzeg-Lubin.
She was the youngest daughter of George of Poděbrady (who was elected King of Bohemia in 1458) by his second wife, Johana of Rožmitál ("Johanka z Rožmitálu"). She was named after her maternal grandmother, Ludmila Bawor of Strakonicz.
Life.
In 1460 Ludmila was betrothed to George, only son and heir of Duke Louis IX, Duke of Bavaria-Landshut. This marriage would have gained King George an ally in his efforts to obtain the German throne.
However, the change of the political plans of George forced him in 1461 to dissolve Ludmila's betrothal with the Bavarian prince and engaged her with the Hungarian magnate Wawrzyńcem Uljakim. The Bohemian King wanted to win the Hungarian magnates to the cause of Matthias Corvinus (who recently had married with one of his eldest twin daughters, Katharina) and simultaneously tried to gain his own opportunity of became the ruler of Hungary. In 1464, after Katharina's death, the relations between the Kings of Hungary and Bohemia become unfriendly. In this situation, George reassumed the idea of a marriage between Ludmila and the heir of Bavaria-Landshut. This engagement was broken by 1468, when King George found himself in political isolation. Then, he tried to arrange a marriage between Ludmila and the young Prince Vladislaus Jagiellon (eldest son of King Casimir IV of Poland) but this plan never prospered. After King George's death in 1471, his widow proposed Prince Vladislaus as his successor. Shortly after, the Polish prince became in King Vladislaus II of Bohemia, and after succeeded Matthias Corvinus in 1490, he also reigned as King of Hungary.
On 5 September 1474 Ludmila married with Duke Frederick I of Legnica. In 1475 along with her husband, she went on a pilgrimage to Rome for the Jubilee year. Ludmila bore her husband three sons: John II, Frederick II and George I.
After the death of her husband (9 May 1488) Ludmila assumed the regency on behalf of her minor sons in the Duchies of Chojnów, Legnica and Lubin, but not in Brzeg and Oława, who were assigned to her in Frederick I's will as her "Oprawa wdowia", and in consequence, they are under Ludmila's direct sovereignty for her life.
Ludmila's regency ended in 1498, when her eldest surviving son, Frederick II (John II had already died in 1495 still underage) attained his majority and assumed the government and the guardianship of his youngest brother George I by himself. Ludmila died five years later, and the Duchy of Brzeg-Oława was taken by her sons, who divided their domains between them two years later, in 1505.

</doc>
<doc id="21426459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426459" title="Approved mental health professional">
Approved mental health professional

The role of "approved social worker", or ASW, has now been replaced by that of approved mental health professional, or AMHP, in England and Wales.
The 2007 amendment of the Mental Health Act 1983 abolished the professional role of the approved social worker and created that of the approved mental health professional. This role is broadly similar to the role of the approved social worker but is distinguished in no longer being the exclusive preserve of social workers. It can be undertaken by other professionals including community psychiatric nurses, occupational therapists and psychologists after receiving appropriate training.
Professional role.
Approved mental health professionals (AMHPs) are trained to implement elements of the Mental Health Act 1983, as amended by the Mental Health Act 2007, in conjunction with medical practitioners. They have received specific training at least at Level 7 on the National Qualifications Framework, such as a MSc Mental Health (AHMP) or PGDip in Mental Health Studies relating to the application the Mental Health Acts, usually lasting one or two years and perform the pivotal role in assessing and deciding whether there are grounds to detain mentally disordered people who meet the statutory criteria. The AMHP is also an important healthcare professional when making decisions under guardianship or community treatment orders. 
Assessment and detention under the Act is colloquially known as being 'sectioned', or 'sectioning', in reference to the application of sections of the Mental Health Act relevant to this process. The role to apply for the 'section' remains with the AMHP, not the medical doctor, as many professionals and lay individuals think, thus a doctor may feel a section is needed, although it is actually the AMHP who is the individual who will decide if this is required after detailed assessment and consultations with the medical doctors.
Mental Health Act assessments.
AMHPs are responsible for organising, co-ordinating and contributing to Mental Health Act assessments. It is the AMHP's duty, when two medical recommendations have been made, to decide whether or not to make an application to a named hospital for the detention of the person who has been assessed. To be detained under the Mental Health Act individuals need to be suffering from a mental disorder, the nature or degree of which warrants detention in hospital on the grounds of their health and/or the risk they present to themselves and/or the risk they present to others. The AMHP's role includes arranging for the assessment of the person concerned by two medical practitioners who must be independent of each other and at least one of whom should be a specialist in mental health. Preferably one of the medical assessors should have previous acquaintance with the person being assessed. Efforts should be made to seek less restrictive alternatives to detention if it is safe and appropriate to do so, such as using an individuals's own support networks, in line with the principle of care in the least restrictive environment. AMHP's are expected to take account of factors such as gender, culture, ethnicity, age, sexuality and disability in their assessments. Efforts should be also made to overcome any communication barriers, such as deafness or the assessors and the assessed not sharing a language, and an interpreter may be required. It is not good practice for one of the assessors to act as interpreter.
The nearest relative.
An important factor in assessments is the role of the "Nearest Relative". Which person qualifies as the "Nearest Relative" is determined according to a hierarchy outlined in the Mental Health Act. If the individual is to be detained under Section 2 (assessment) of the Act, the AMHP is expected to make reasonable efforts to contact the "Nearest Relative" and invite their views. It is also the AMHP's role to inform them of their right to discharge the person concerned in some circumstances. If the individual is to be detained under Section 3 (treatment) of the Act, the AMHP must ask the "Nearest Relative" if they object to the individual being detained and if they do then the detention cannot go ahead. There are occasions when the "Nearest Relative" need not be contacted or might need to be displaced by a court. A "Nearest Relative" can delegate their role to another appropriate person.
Detention in hospital.
The assessors are encouraged by the Code of Practice to discuss the assessment together once the two medical examinations and the AMHP's interview have taken place. For Section 2 and Section 3, assessments by medical practitioners need to take place with no more than five clear days between each other. AMHPs then have up to fourteen days from the time of the second medical assessment to make the decision whether or not to make an application for detention. If proceeding with the application, AMHPs are then responsible for organising the detained individual's safe conveyance to hospital. The best method of conveyance is that which ensures the individual's dignity, comfort and safety. This might be by ambulance or by the police or by some other method. The AMHP will attend at the named hospital and will give the paperwork to nursing staff who check it and receive the application on behalf of the hospital managers. Some errors in the paperwork can be rectified later and the application remains valid. Some other errors invalidate the application and the detention is then no longer lawful.
Community treatment orders.
The revised Mental Health Act makes provision for community treatment orders (CTOs). CTOs can be arranged for patients detained under Section 3 (treatment) of the Act, allowing them to return to a place of residence in the community, depending on particular specified conditions, such as to the taking of medication or participating in therapies. If conditions are breached, patients can be formally recalled to hospital for a period of up to 72 hours, during which a decision should be made as to whether their CTO should be revoked. If the CTO is revoked, patients return to being at the beginning of a Section 3 and are automatically referred for a mental health review tribunal. AMHPs work with the responsible clinician and others in the process of assessment and decision making in setting up CTO's and in making decisions on revocation.
Further reading.
The "Mental Health Act Code of Practice" is the best guide to the roles and responsibilities of each professional involved in Mental Health Act assessments. Though not statute law it functions as statutary guidance which professionals are expected to follow or give a good reason and rationale for not doing so.
Richard Jones's "Mental Health Act Manual (11th edition)" has long been a standard reference for approved social workers and now AMHPs. It details statute law and guidance with detailed notes and reference to case law.
The "Nearest Relative Handbook" by David Hewitt details the complicated legal issues around the definition of, powers, declaration and displacement of the "nearest relative" and has been updated to include the new amended Mental Health Act 2007.
"The Approved Mental Health Professional's Guide to Mental Health Law" by Rob Brown (Exeter: Learning Matters) is a concise practitioner guide to how the AMHP role interacts with the Mental Health Act and the Mental Capacity Act.

</doc>
<doc id="21426460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426460" title="Korab III">
Korab III

Korab III is a mountain peak located in eastern Albania. Korab III is a peak of Mount Korab and is the third highest peak of this mountain. The height of Korab III is not known, the only thing that is known about its height is that it is lower than Korab II at and higher than Shulani i Radomirës at . So Korab III is somewhere between . Korab III just like Korab II is not yet named. It is not located in maps and does not have an official name. It is one of the many mountains in Albania waiting to be discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="21426508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426508" title="1818 in sports">
1818 in sports

1818 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Boxing.
Events
Cricket.
Events
England
Horse racing.
England
Rowing.
Events

</doc>
<doc id="21426509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426509" title="William A. Atwood">
William A. Atwood

William A. Atwood (April 11, 1835 – April 11, 1908) was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
On April 11, 1835, Atwood was born in Newfane, Niagara County, New York born to Asa and Fannie Atwood. Asa was a merchant who retired to farming. He joined his brother in a stave and cooperage factory at Galt, Canada. Closing the factory in fall of 1869, he returned to Pendleton, New York to farm for two years. During his those two years, he opened a shingle and heading mill which burnt down two and half years later without insurance. He returned to Canada in the fall of 1863 to operate a business in lumber and shingles until the end of reciprocity treaty in March 1866. He started up the same business in Flint, Michigan with his brother, Jesse, and B.W. Linnington. He married Helen C. Wood, daughter of noted oldest Flint resident, H.C. Wood.
Political life.
For two years, he was a Third Ward Alderman. He was elected as the twenty forth mayor of the City of Flint in 1882 serving a 1-year term. Many improvements were made to the city in his administration with the water works founded, the first city iron bridge and more. Atwood defeated former Michigan Governor Begole for the Michigan State Senate seat in 1886. In 1887 began Atwood service in the State Senate from the 13th District serving and chair three committees: on State affairs, on Public Lands and on Railroads. Additionally a new Flint City Charter was approved by the state legislature.
Post-political life.
He purchased a partnership share of Flint Woolen Mills in 1877 and a share in Wood & Atwood Hardware Company in 1884. Also, He had holdings in the firm of STONE, ATWOOD & Co., proprietors of STONE's Woolen Mills and in the First National Bank and Genesee County Savings Bank. He also served as vice president of Genesee County Savings Bank and president of Flint Gas-Light Company. He was buried in Glenwood Cemetery after his April 11, 1908 death.

</doc>
<doc id="21426514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426514" title="2006 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2006 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2006 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament was played between March 11 and March 13, 2006 at the Michigan State Fairgrounds Coliseum in Detroit, Michigan. By winning the tournament, Bemidji State received College Hockey America's automatic bid to the 2006 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The tournament featured six teams. The top two teams from the regular season received byes to the semifinals where they played the winners from the quarterfinal games. The two semifinal winners met in the championship game on March 13, 2006, with the winner receiving an automatic bid to the 2006 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Conference Standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)

</doc>
<doc id="21426526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426526" title="Walt Jean">
Walt Jean

Walter LeJeune Jean (January 2, 1898 – March 28, 1961) was a professional football player from Chillicothe, Ohio. Jean was born and began his pro career as Walter LeJeune.
College.
After high school, Jean attended Bethany College, Heidelberg College and Tiffin University. During his senior year in 1922, Bethany imported four players who had played at the professional level and challenged the top teams in college football.
Pros.
He made his professional debut in the National Football League in 1922 with the Akron Pros. He later played for the Green Bay Packers, Frankford Yellow Jackets, Pottsville Maroons and Milwaukee Badgers over the course of his career. In 1927, after playing in just two games with the Maroons, Jean travelled to Portsmouth, Ohio to join a team fielded by Jim Thorpe, called the Portmouth Shoe-Steels. There he served as an offensive lineman and as an assistant coach. By the end of November though, Thorpe left the team and the head coaching duties went straight to Jean.
Legacy.
Jean would be the last player from Tiffin University to play in the NFL, until Nate Washington of the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21426529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426529" title="Valentine Dream Date (TV special)">
Valentine Dream Date (TV special)

Valentine Dream Date is the seventh episode and the second holiday special on the part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy series "The Naked Brothers Band," which was created by Polly Draper. The premise of "Valentine's Dream Date" is that Nat is on a dating competition show and his dream date ends up being Victoria Justice, which eventually causes problems with his girl friend Rosalina. Alex also has romantic problems of his own.
"Valentine's Dream Date" is part of the Nickelodeon's "Crush Weekend," which consists of episode premieres of different TV shows on TEENick that's hosted by "iCarly" star Miranda Cosgrove and "American Idol" seventh season's runner-up David Archuleta. Archuleta guest starred on "iCarly" during the "Crush Weekend" marathon in 2009.
Plot.
Nat decides to go on a dating game show to win a dream date with Victoria Justice. Later on, Nat's girl friend Rosalina takes a break from her six-month boat cruise to surprise Nat for a visit, but Nat needs to figure out how to explain to her about the dating game show. 
Alex also has dating problems himself; Alex helps his babysitter-tutor Jesse get back together with her ex-boyfriend Abdul, by pretending to be Cupid. Abdul ends up falling in love with Jesse, which causes problems for Alex since he always claimed to be her boyfriend, ever since he was 6-and-a-half-years-old.

</doc>
<doc id="21426535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426535" title="Handball at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Handball at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's handball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics was contested by twelve teams divided in two groups, with the top two proceeding to the semifinals and the bottom four proceeding to placement matches.

</doc>
<doc id="21426576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426576" title="Ohio State Route 358">
Ohio State Route 358

State Route 358 (SR 358, OH 358) is a long north–south state highway in the northern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. The southern terminus of SR 358 is at a T-intersection with SR 163 nearly east of Oak Harbor, just north of the Portage River. Its northern terminus is at SR 2 at an intersection just outside of Camp Perry about west of Port Clinton.
This two-lane state highway was created in the middle of the 1930s. Throughout its history, the primary purpose of SR 358 has been to provide state highway access to Camp Perry. Today, it also provides access from SR 2 eastbound to SR 163, as well as from SR 163 to SR 2 westbound, as an interchange between the two routes approximately to the east does not allow for those connections. The entire length is SR 163 is a part of the Lake Erie Circle Tour.
Route description.
SR 358 exists entirely within Erie Township in the central portion of Ottawa County. It begins at a T-intersection with SR 163 east of Oak Harbor, opposite the Port Clinton Golf Course, which is situated on the north banks of the Portage River. The highway crosses over the CSX railway, and passes by a mix of woods and fields on the short journey up to its endpoint at SR 2, along a multi-lane stretch of the major state route opposite of the main entrance into Camp Perry.
This state highway is not included as a part of the National Highway System (NHS). The NHS is a network of routes identified as being most important for the economy, mobility and defense of the nation.
History.
SR 358 was applied in 1934. The highway has maintained the same brief routing through the central portion of Ottawa County throughout its lifetime. In addition, the entire length of SR 358 has been paved since its inception.

</doc>
<doc id="21426593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426593" title="1817 in sports">
1817 in sports

1817 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Boxing.
Events
Cricket.
Events
England
Horse racing.
England

</doc>
<doc id="21426608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426608" title="Unnaipol Oruvan (2009 film)">
Unnaipol Oruvan (2009 film)

Unnaipol Oruvan () is a 2009 Indian Tamil drama-thriller film directed by Chakri Toleti in his directional debut. It stars Kamal Haasan and Mohanlal in the lead roles. The film was simultaneously made in Telugu as "Eeenadu" with Venkatesh playing Mohanlal's role, both remakes of the Hindi film "A Wednesday!" (2008). 
The film tells the story of I.G. Raghava Maraar (Mohanlal) who gets an anonymous call. The caller (Kamal Haasan) demands that he release militants in exchange for information about many bombs planted across Chennai. The caller is serious as the police find a bomb planted very close to their headquarters. The commissioner is later cornered between releasing militants who had been responsible for killing innocent people and stopping bomb blasts around the city. Whatever he chooses forms the rest of the plot. "Unnaipol Oruvan" received positive reviews from the critics and was a commercial success.
Plot.
In the opening frame, the recently dismissed police commissioner of Chennai, I.G. Raghavan Maraar (Mohanlal), standing at the seashore, describes in a voice-over about his termination due to a common man who walked into his life and turned everything topsy-turvy. This scene leads into the flashback. An unnamed man (Kamal Haasan) is shown strategically placing a travel bag in a train in the Chennai Central railway station and in a shopping mall. He proceeds to place another bag, under the false pretense of lodging an FIR, in the toilet of a police station in Anna Salai, Chennai. He then arrives on the rooftop of a building under construction and sets up his base of operations, equipped with modern technology gadgets and instruments. He calls up Maraar and informs him that five bombs have been placed in locations throughout Chennai, which are programmed to explode simultaneously within four hours. The common man demands that he would like to negotiate with a senior government official. Maraar seeks the services of the chief secretary (Lakshmi) to act as the negotiator. Maraar also alerts his team involved in intelligence research and surveillance, tapping all the available resources in gathering preliminary information and tracing the location of the caller. Meanwhile, the caller tips off television news reporter Natasha Rajkumar (Anuja Iyer), telling her to reach Anna Salai police station immediately as it is going to be "the most important day of her life".
Maraar initially suspects the anonymous caller to be bluffing, but his doubts are dispelled as the caller, to prove his seriousness and the police force's helplessness, reveals that a bomb has been planted in the Anna Salai police station. When the bomb disposal squad find the bomb, there is only three minutes left. The common man calls Maraar and tells him the instructions to deactivate the bomb. Based on these, the bomb is defused. Natasha reaches the scene on the caller's instructions and reports about the situation. There is intense debate between Maraar and the chief secretary on who would act as the negotiator with the common man. The chief minister does not want to get into this; the chief secretary does not want to take upon the responsibility. Hence, Maraar himself takes on the role of the negotiator with the common man. The common man demands the release of four terrorists — Abdullah, Inayadullah, Ahamadullah and Karamchand Lala — who have been involved in and arrested for many of the major terrorist attacks and activities that have happened in the country during the previous decade.
Maraar cleverly uses Natasha to fake a report on live television that four terrorists are being relocated to an undisclosed common site, turning the caller's tool back onto him. Maraar's men find out that the caller is using advanced software to automatically switch the numbers and locations of his mobile phone SIM card every minute, rendering their manpower and the obsolete equipment useless and prompting them to employ the services of a young hacker, who turns out to be an IIT dropout. In the meantime, Maraar is able to obtain a facial composite of the caller with help of the police officer to whom the caller had approached to lodge the fake FIR, but much of the time passes without any concrete results on the identity or the location of the caller. Ultimately, Maraar agrees with the caller's demand and puts two of his best men, Arif Khan (Ganesh Venkatraman) and Sethuraman (Bharath Reddy), in charge of handing over the four terrorists at the Sozhavaram airstrip. Once there, the caller confirms the identity of the four men via a conference call with Arif and Maraar. He then asks Arif and Sethu to unlock their handcuffs and leave them alone at a particular spot. Sethu orders his men to do as told but, at the last moment, Arif decides not to hand over Abdullah to ensure all the information regarding the locations of the bombs can be forced out from the caller. Sethu argues with Arif and demands he do as ordered, but Arif forcefully grabs the terrorist and starts walking away.
As they leave behind the remaining three, the caller, unaware of the ongoing fiasco, uses a cell phone placed in a rigged jeep at the spot to detonate an explosion in which all the three terrorists perish. Arif relays this information to Maraar, which is confirmed by the anonymous caller as he reveals that he is just a "stupid common man", not belonging to any terrorist outfit, and his plan was not to free the terrorists but to kill them, avenging all the terrorist attacks they had helped carry out in Coimbatore and other major cities of India, thus "cleaning the roach-infested house". Maraar tries to reason with him and tries to find out his religion, the justification for this action, any personal incidents that prompted him to take such an action etc. The common man narrates an incident of how a Muslim woman was being tortured and molested by communal people. The common man also says that he can take actions for the sufferings meted out to people from other communities too. The caller threatens to blow up the remaining bombs across the city unless Arif and Sethu kill Abdullah. The Chief Secretary (Lakshmi) tells Maraar that the Chief Minister has to know about the Current Situation but Maraar disagrees and tells her that he'll face the consequences, and orders Arif to kill the terrorist. As Natasha reports the scene on television, the young hacker traces the caller's location but refuses to reveal it saying that the caller was actually "brainy", and compared to him, the hacker was only one among the billions. But Maraar looks in the hacker's computer, discovers the location and leaves abruptly towards the site.
The caller calls up Maraar, as he is on the way, for a final time to further reveal that he had not planted any other bomb in the city. At this point, Maraar surprisingly declares he already knew there were no more bombs which makes it clear that his decision to kill the last terrorist wasn't taken in fear but in confidence. Maraar reaches the caller's location just as the latter is leaving the place, having destroyed all his gadgets and equipments, leaving behind no evidence. The two meet briefly when Maraar, identifying the anonymous caller on the basis of the face sketch, offers the man a ride home and introduces himself. Both shake hands, when Maraar's voice-over cuts back as he says the man told him his real name but his name doesn't have any significance. The film ends on an idealistic note, with Maraar admitting that they all knew the common man was disturbed because of the insecure environment and the incompetence of the governing authorities but he never imagined him to go to such lengths and have the guts to do something like that. He also repeats that the facts of this incident cannot be found in any written record but only in the memories of those who actually witnessed it, and acknowledges that although the incidence has ambiguous moral significance, he personally feels that whatever happened, happened for the best.
Production.
Casting.
While Kamal Haasan was cast in the lead role; confirmation of Mohanlal's presence in the film followed. Ganesh Venkatraman, who debuted in the 2008 film "Abhiyum Naanum", was later confirmed for a supporting role. Bharath Reddy, who played a cop in the Telugu film "Siddam", is playing another supporting cop role.
UTV Motion Pictures distributed the film along with Rajkamal International, Haasan's home production company, which produced it. "Unnaipol Oruvan" was directed by Chakri, a US-based filmmaker and a close friend of Haasan. Chakri had previously played the role of Govind's friend, Sai Ram, in "Dasavathaaram", and the role of a child who takes still photographs of Kamal in the 1983 Telugu film "Saagara Sangamam". Neeraj Pandey wrote the film's dialogue and screenplay. The music was composed by Kamal Haasan's daughter, Shruthi Haasan.
The title was changed from "Thalaivan Irukkiran" to "Unnaipol Oruvan" in early April 2009. Recent news in 2012 confirms that "Thalaivan Irukkiran" is a different film altogether, that is touted to be a multistarrer.
Filming.
"Unnaipol Oruvan" started its first filming schedule on 6 February 2009. It completed shooting in 65 days. It was initially set to release on August 12, 2009, since the date coincided with the release of Kamal Haasan’s first film "Kalathur Kannamma" and his entry into Tamil cinema in 1959, marking 2009 as Haasan's 50th year in cinema. However, owing to technical and administrative difficulties, the release was postponed to September 18. The film was given a U/A (Parental Guidance) rating from the Central Board of Film Certification, mainly because of its theme — terrorism.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Kalaignar TV. The film was given a "U/A" certificate by the Indian Censor Board. 
Critical reception.
"Unnaipol Oruvan" received positive reviews from the critics. Sify said that technically the film was picture-perfect and that both Kamalahassan and Mohanlal coming together is worth the ticket money. It mentioned that unlike in the Hindi version where Naseeruddin Shah had an edge over Anupam Kher, here the best dialogues were almost equally given to Mohanlal as well.
Behindwoods rated that overall it was a brilliant work which will be appreciated by every socially responsible citizen of India. Indiaglitz commented that Unnaipol Oruvan deserves to be watched to see how Kamal & Mohanlal pit against Nasser & Kher. Kollywood Today praised that the movie was stupendously awesome and was a must-watch. Pavithra Srinivasan of rediff.com provided 4 stars and also had the same comments.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by Shruti Haasan, daughter of Kamal Haasan. The album contains four songs and a remix. The songs are featured throughout the film. Kamal Haasan, singer Blaaze, and Manyusha Puthran contributed the lyrics. The audio launch was held on 6 September 2009 at Sathyam Cinemas.

</doc>
<doc id="21426612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426612" title="Beloff">
Beloff

Beloff is a surname of a number of people:

</doc>
<doc id="21426616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426616" title="Proofreading (biology)">
Proofreading (biology)

The term proofreading is used in genetics to refer to the error-correcting processes, first proposed by John Hopfield and Jacques Ninio, involved in DNA replication, immune system specificity, enzyme-substrate recognition among many other processes that require enhanced specificity. The proofreading mechanisms of Hopfield and Ninio are non-equilibrium active processes that consume ATP to enhance specificity of various biochemical reactions.
In bacteria, all three DNA polymerases (I, II and III) have the ability to proofread, using 3'->5' exonuclease activity. When an incorrect base pair is recognized, DNA polymerase reverses its direction by one base pair of DNA and excises the mismatched base. Following base excision, the polymerase can re-insert the correct base and replication can continue.
In eukaryotes only the polymerases that deal with the elongation (γ, and ε) have proofreading ability (3'->5' exonuclease activity).
Proofreading also occurs in mRNA translation for "protein" synthesis. In this case, one mechanism is release of any incorrect aminoacyl-tRNA prior to peptide bond formation.
The extent of proofreading in DNA replication determines the mutation rate, and is different in different species. The extent of proofreading in other molecular processes can depend on the effective population size of the species and the number of genes affected by the same proofreading mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="21426625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426625" title="Halo, Halo">
Halo, Halo

"Halo, Halo" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Aska.
The song was performed 14th on the night, following Denmark's Brixx with "Video, Video" and preceding Israel's Avi Toledano with "Hora". At the close of voting, it had received 21 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Yugoslavian representative at the 1983 Contest by Daniel with "Džuli".

</doc>
<doc id="21426650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426650" title="2008–09 Saba Qom F.C. season">
2008–09 Saba Qom F.C. season

This is a list of Saba Qom's results at the Persian Gulf Cup 2008–09, Hazfi Cup 2008-09 and 2009 ACL. The club is competing in the Iran Pro League, Hazfi Cup and Asian Champions League.
Iran Pro League 2008/09.
IPL Saba Schedule.
"Last updated Apr 26 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="21426671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426671" title="Sheffield Nelson">
Sheffield Nelson

E. Sheffield Nelson (born April 23, 1941) is an American attorney, businessman and politician from Little Rock, Arkansas. Originally a Democrat, Nelson in 1990 ran for Governor of Arkansas as a Republican against then governor and future U.S. President Bill Clinton and in 1994 against the Democratic Governor Jim Guy Tucker. 
Nelson was born on April 23, 1941 in Keevil near Brinkley in Monroe County in eastern Arkansas. He graduated from Brinkley High School and thereafter received his undergraduate degree in mathematics education from the University of Central Arkansas at Conway, where he was the student body president. He obtained a law degree in 1969 from the William H. Bowen School of Law at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. 
Prior to his foray into politics, he was from 1973 through 1984 the CEO of a natural gas company, Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company, since known as CenterPoint Energy. Nelson has served on the United States Commission on Civil Rights and the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission, from 2000 to 2007, under Governor Mike Huckabee. From 1990 to 1992, he was chairman of the Arkansas Republican Party. From 1992 to 2000, he was the Arkansas Republican National Committeeman, a position formerly held by the late Winthrop Rockefeller, the father of the GOP resurgence in Arkansas who was elected governor in 1966 and 1968.
In 1990, Nelson won the Republican gubernatorial nomination in a divisive race against then Second District Congressman Tommy Robinson. He then lost in the fall to Clinton. In 1994, he sought the governorship again and narrowly won the GOP primary over State Senator Steve Luelf and businessman Bill Jones. In that campaign his events coordinator was the later State Senator Missy Irvin of Mountain View. Nelson was again defeated in the general election, 59 to 41 percent by Democratic Governor Jim Guy Tucker, who had succeeded Bill Clinton in December 1992, when Clinton resigned to become U.S. President. Nelson had openly predicted that Tucker would be indicted before the end of his elected term. Tucker was forced to resign in 1996 after his conviction in the Whitewater investigation. Nelson has remained a prominent part of Arkansas' political scene, promoting a proposal to raise the natural gas severance tax to fund highway improvements and openly attacking the attempts of the Game and Fish Commission to exempt itself from the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act in regard to fiscal matters.
Nelson is the fourth Arkansas Republican whom Bill Clinton defeated for governor. The others are the late Lynn Lowe, Frank D. White, and Woody Freeman.
Nelson and his wife, Mary Lynn McCastlain, an artist originally from Brinkley, reside in Little Rock. They have two daughters and thirteen grandchildren. He currently is a partner in the law firm of Jack Nelson Jones & Bryant in Little Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="21426674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426674" title="Namtu">
Namtu

Namtu (Shan: ) is a town in northern Shan State, Burma. Famous for its Bawdwin and Namtu silver mines, it is situated on the Nam Tu River, and is connected to Lashio by the Burma Mines Railway.
History.
The Namtu Bawdwin Mines were the world's largest source of lead, and one of the world's largest sources of silver before the Second World War. Before the British arrived in the 1880s, the Saopha of Tawngpeng controlled the mines at Namtu, although the mining work was undertaken not by the Palaung but by the Chinese from Yunnan Province across the border. The mines fell into disuse when the lode was followed to the ground water level. They were revived by the British and the largest mines were operated by the Burma Corporation at the beginning of the 20th century. Today the Namtu mines are under state control, known as No 1 Mining Enterprise and run by the Ministry of Mines.
Lead, zinc and nickel are also produced by the mines. Zinc was bought mainly by Japan, and the other minerals sent to Namtu for smelting before being marketed abroad.
In February 1998, 3,000 workers went on strike for better working conditions and increase in wages for underground miners.
A Chinese company won the contract in 2002 for the construction of a zinc oxide plant at Namtu, processing 50,000 tonnes of zinc slag annually and the zinc oxide to be exported to a smelter in Yunnan.
Politics.
The Shan State Army (SSA-North)'s Third Brigade has been active in Mongmit, Kyaukme, Hsipaw, Namtu and Lashio. It reached a cease-fire agreement with the Burmese military government (SLORC) in 1989, and its activities have been severely curtailed. The Palaung State Liberation Organization, also active in the region and another one of the cease-fire groups, announced a ban on the cultivation of the opium poppy in the area under their control. They had alleged that the Burmese military was levying a tax on the poppy farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="21426743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426743" title="Vern Krishna">
Vern Krishna

Vern Krishna is the author of fifteen texts in tax, international tax, and business law and numerous articles and case comments. His writings are frequently cited by the Supreme Court of Canada and the Tax Court of Canada.
Krishna is currently Tax Counsel, Mediator and Arbitrator in the Ottawa office of Borden Ladner Gervais and he also teaches tax law at the University of Ottawa.
Krishna has been active in both of his professions – law and accounting. He has been a Bencher of the Law Society of Upper Canada since 1990 and served as its elected head from 2001 to 2003. A Certified General Accountant, he was elected President of the Certified General Accountants of Ontario in 1995.
Vern Krishna served as a Commissioner on the Ontario Securities Commission from 1995 to 1998, and was a Visiting Scholar in International Tax at Harvard Law School from 1998 to 1999.
Krishna is a member of the Order of Canada (2004). He was appointed Queen's Counsel (1989) by the Government of Canada, elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada (1992), and a Fellow (FCGA) of the Certified General Accountants Association of Canada (1989). He received a LL.D. from the Law Society of Upper Canada in 2004 and the 125th Canada Medal (1993) from the Governor General of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21426762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426762" title="1816 in sports">
1816 in sports

1816 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Boxing.
Events
Cricket.
Events
England
Horse racing.
England

</doc>
<doc id="21426787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426787" title="Harlan Carr">
Harlan Carr

Harlan Bradley "Gotch" Carr (April 30, 1903 - October 24, 1970) was a professional football player from Union Springs, New York. He attended Syracuse University and made his professional debut in the National Football League in 1927 with the Pottsville Maroons. He also played for the Buffalo Bisons in 1927. He scored two rushing touchdowns in ten NFL games during his 1 year career.
Harlan played basketball with Vic Hanson at Syracuse University. After his collegiate career, he also played with Vic Hanson's All-Americas pro basketball team for two seasons from 1928-1930.

</doc>
<doc id="21426794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426794" title="Oliver E. Diaz, Jr.">
Oliver E. Diaz, Jr.

The Hon. Oliver E. Diaz, Jr. (born c. 1960 in Biloxi, Mississippi, United States) is a former Presiding Justice on the Supreme Court of Mississippi representing District 2 Place 2. In 2008, he was defeated by Randy "Bubba" Pierce.
Early years.
Diaz graduated from Notre Dame High School in 1977 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of South Alabama in 1982. In 1985, he graduated from the University of Mississippi School of Law, and in 2004, he received an LLM from the University of Virginia School of Law.
Career.
Diaz practiced law on the Gulf Coast. He served in the Mississippi House of Representatives from District 116 representing Biloxi and D'Iberville for seven years from 1988 to 1994. During his tenure in the Legislature, he was a subcommittee Chairman for the Insurance Committee and for the Judiciary Committee. He was on the Ways and Means Committee and was Secretary for the Constitution Committee. He also served as City Attorney for the City of D'Iberville for four years. 
Justice Diaz was elected to the Court of Appeals in November 1994 and served in that position until March 2000, at which time he was appointed to the Supreme Court by Governor Ronnie Musgrove. In 2000, he was elected to the Supreme Court for an eight year term beginning January 2001. Diaz lost his bid for re-election in 2008 to judge Randy "Bubba" Pierce.
Bribery and Tax Evasion Charges.
After two years on the bench Diaz was indicted in 2003 on bribery and tax fraud charges. This was related to a case against Mississippi trial attorney Paul Minor. Dunnican "Dunn" Lampton, who headed the U.S. Attorney’s office in the Southern District of Mississippi, prosecuted the case against Diaz. In 2005, he was acquitted of politically motivated bribery charges for steering thousands of dollars from trial lawyers into his 2000 campaign. Less than a week after his acquittal on the bribery charges, the Department of Justice, with prosecuting attorney Lampton at the helm, unsealed and charged Diaz with tax evasion. In 2006 Diaz was acquitted of the charges of tax evasion, although his wife Jennifer pleaded guilty and received 2 years probation. At the commencement of the criminal trial Lampton filed a complaint with Mississippi Commission on Judicial Performance. Leslie Lampton, a relative of Dunn Lampton sat on the commission during the filing. The commission dismissed the complaint. 
The criminal charges subsequently kept Diaz off the bench during much of his term. It has been speculated the charges were politically motivated. This speculation was a topic discussed in detail in the documentary film "Hot Coffee".
John Grisham has cited the Bribery and Tax Evasion Charges against Judge Oliver Diaz as inspiration for his novel "The Appeal".
Lawsuit against Dunn Lampton and Leslie Lampton.
Currently Oliver Diaz and his wife Jennifer have filed a lawsuit against Dunn Lampton and Leslie Lampton that they violated several laws when he provided the Diaz's tax records to the Mississippi Commission on Judicial Performance. The case is still pending.
Appearance in Hot Coffee.
Oliver Diaz's career as a Supreme Court Justice for the State of Mississippi was the subject of one of the 4 cases discussed in the documentary film "Hot Coffee". In particular the documentary focused on how the U.S. Chambers of Commerce funded campaigns against Diaz because of his resistance to tort reform.
Personal life.
Diaz is Roman Catholic. He is married to the former Jennifer Oestreich and is the father of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21426799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426799" title="Pray for Morning">
Pray for Morning

Pray for Morning is a 2006 horror/thriller movie directed and written by Cartney Wearn.
Plot.
In 1984, a group of five high schoolers had broken into an abandoned hotel, as was tradition after graduation. They were all gruesomely murdered. At the insistence of one set of parents, the police brought in a psychic, as they could find no leads. The psychic said that the murderer was still in the hotel. The police searched but found no one. The psychic died in her sleep that night. The search was never continued, the murderer never found.
20 years later, six students had planned to enter the hotel. Two younger high school students found out that they were "up to something" and they "wanted in." The plan was, during the course of one night, to find all five rooms where the students were murdered. They find a severed hand in the first room and it unleashes a horrible curse. After the first two deaths, they find out that they need to find the other hand and the body and bury them together.
Awards.
"Pray for Morning" won one award at the Moondance International Film Festival in 2007. It won the Columbine Award. It was in the Film Score category, and Vincent Gillioz won.

</doc>
<doc id="21426835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426835" title="Benjamin N. Woodson">
Benjamin N. Woodson

Benjamin N. "Woody" Woodson (June 5, 1908–July 17, 2001), born in Altoona, Kansas, was an insurance executive and philanthropist who was known as "Mr. Life Insurance."
Woodson's parents moved often, and he graduated from high school in Omaha, Nebraska. He then worked for Union Pacific and excelled as a typist, which led to a position as a stenographer and agent at Bankers Reserve Life Insurance company in Omaha. By 1928 he moved to Chicago, Illinois to work for Mutual Trust Life Insurance Company, where he eventually became a regional director. His success was noticed by American General Corporation's CEO Gus Sessions Wortham who brought Woodson to Houston, Texas to assume the role of President of the corporation. In 1972, Woodson succeeded Wortham as CEO, a position he held until his retirement in 1978.
He was the author of several books including "More Power to You" (1950), "The Set of the Sail" (1968), "A Financial Services Supermarket: The American General Story" (1974), and "Simple Truth" (1980).
In the Houston community, Woodson served as regent at the University of Houston, director of the Society for the Performing Arts, chairman of the Houston Chamber of Commerce, was on the Board of Governors at Rice University, and also made significant financial contributions to Rice.
The Woodson Research Center at Rice University in Houston, Texas is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="21426843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426843" title="Rafael da Silva Santos">
Rafael da Silva Santos

Rafael da Silva Santos or simply Rafael (born March 22, 1979) is a Brazilian football player. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with TSV 1860 München.

</doc>
<doc id="21426865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426865" title="John Sugden">
John Sugden

John Sugden (died 20 June 1897) was a bishop of the Free Church of England. He was consecrated by Edward Cridge and others on 20 August 1876 in Christ Church, Lambeth.

</doc>
<doc id="21426871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426871" title="Ninos Aho">
Ninos Aho

Ninos Aho () (April 24, 1945 – July 15, 2013), was an Assyrian poet and activist.
Biography.
He was born to an Assyrian family in the small village of Gerkeh-Shamo in Syria. He moved to Qamishli and later to Damascus in order to continue his studies. In 1971, Aho emigrated to the United States. After residing in the United States for twenty years, Malfono Ninos returned to Syria with his wife, Ogareet, and their four children in order to authentically promote his belief in the Assyrian cause. In 2001, Aho and his family returned to the United States when Aho was diagnosed with Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, he died due to complications in July 15, 2013 in San Pedro, CA.
Works and activism.
Aho was involved in Assyrian nationalist activism at an early age. He joined the Assyrian Democratic Organization in 1961 during an underground assembly. In order to circumvent official crackdown on non-Arab nationalist sentiments he utilized his poems to be recited by local Assyrian Orthodox church choirs in order to reach the public. He gained wider popularity after emigrating to the United States and his poems were performed by prominent Middle Eastern musicians such as Ninib A. Lahdo and Wadi al-Safi.
Most of his poems like ""Grain of wheat" (, "Ḥabṯo D'Ḥeṭo") were written in Western Syriac vernacular, while others like "New Assyrian" (, "Āturāyā Khātā") in the eastern vernacular.

</doc>
<doc id="21426877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426877" title="Kūlgrinda (band)">
Kūlgrinda (band)

Kūlgrinda is a neofolk/pagan folk band from Vilnius, Lithuania, established in 1990 by Inja and Jonas Trinkūnas. The band owes its name to "kūlgrinda" – a secret Samogitian underwater causeway.
Discography.
Kulgrinda albums were released by Dangus Records, later the band signed with Aurea Studija.

</doc>
<doc id="21426905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426905" title="Nabis (disambiguation)">
Nabis (disambiguation)

Nabis was the last king of an independent Sparta, reigned 207-192 BCE.
Nabis may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21426906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426906" title="MidKent College">
MidKent College

MidKent College (formerly Mid-Kent College of Higher and Further Education) is a further education college in Kent, England. It runs courses from two separate campuses in Maidstone and Medway, including a number of higher education courses.
There are approximately 8,500 students aged 16 years and upwards enrolled at the college. Courses offered range from pre-entry level to degree level and cover a wide range of vocational and academic subject areas.
Campuses.
The college has two main campuses: the Medway Campus in Gillingham and the Maidstone Campus (formerly the Oakwood Park Centre).
In September 2009 all courses at the old sites of the Horsted Centre in Chatham and the City Way Centre in Rochester were moved to a new combined campus on Prince Arthur Road in Gillingham. The new campus, which received more than £40 million of Learning and Skills Council (LSC) funding, cost a total of £86million. It offers training facilities in a range of subject areas including construction, performing arts, music and catering.
The Medway Campus was officially opened by The Princess Royal on Thursday 25 March 2010.
In late 2012 work started on a £22 million refurbishment of the Maidstone Campus to bring its facilities up to the standard of the Medway Campus. The wider development of the Maidstone Campus also includes a refurbishment of the University for the Creative Arts' Maidstone campus – also located at Oakwood Park – which was purchased by the College in 2011.
History.
The college has been delivering vocational education in Medway and Maidstone for nearly 100 years. Its roots lie in the technical institutes established within the Medway towns in the 1890s and Maidstone around 1918.
The college first began delivering courses from the Horsted Centre in Chatham in 1954. The site was opened as Medway College of Technology by the Duke of Edinburgh on 5 April the following year.
Medway College of Technology and Maidstone Technical College amalgamated in 1966 to become Medway and Maidstone College of Technology. The purpose-built City Way site in Rochester was subsequently opened as an additional college site in 1968.
The college changed its name to Mid-Kent College of Higher and Further Education in 1978, before dropping the hyphen and space and the latter part of its title to become MidKent College in October 2008.
Throughout the 1950s, 60s and 70s, the college's students were famed for their Rag Day parade. This saw them conducting a carnival procession through the Medway Towns. The parade started at Gillingham train station and ended at the esplanade in Rochester. Each year the students elected their own "Rag Day Queen" to head the procession.
Principal.
The current principal of MidKent College is Sue McLeod, who has held the position since September 2013 and is the first female principal in the College's near 100-year history.
Ms McLeod joined the College as a Travel and Tourism lecturer in 1993 before climbing the ranks to the very top of the organisation, serving as deputy principal prior to her most recent promotion.
The mother-of-one had previously worked across the Caribbean, United States and Europe during her time in the travel industry, including a stint aboard cruise liners. She had earlier achieved a degree in Business Studies at the Dorset Institute of Higher Education – now Bournemouth University – where she returned to study Travel and Tourism prior to embarking on her teaching career with MidKent College.
Chief Executive.
The current chief executive of MidKent College is Stephen Grix OBE, who has held the position since March 2005.
Mr Grix first joined the College in 1971 when, having left school at age 15 with no formal qualifications, he enrolled as a day-release bricklaying student at the old Horsted site in Chatham. After 13 years in the trade he returned to study an education degree, followed by a master's degree in education management.
The father-of-three eventually went on to become principal of Sir George Monoux College in Walthamstow, north-east London, and then head of Ofsted's post-compulsory education division. Next was a role as director of education for the London borough of Tower Hamlets before Mr Grix returned to MidKent College as principal and chief executive in March 2005.
Once back at the place where he launched his career, Mr Grix took on the mammoth task of closing the College's dated Horsted and City Way sites and identifying funding opportunities for the new £86 million Medway Campus, which opened in 2009. He then turned his attention to improving the Maidstone Campus, which is currently undergoing a £23m redevelopment due for completion in December 2013.
In January 2013, Mr Grix announced he would step down as principal at the end of the academic year but continue as chief executive on a part-time basis until 2015. He was succeeded as principal by his former deputy Sue McLeod.
In June 2013 Mr Grix was awarded an OBE for services to further education in The Queen's Birthday Honours List.
Mr Grix is also an executive director of MKC Training Services Ltd, which administers the College's contract to deliver training within the Royal School of Military Engineering at Brompton Barracks.
Students' Union.
MidKent College Students' Union (often shortened to MKCSU) is an autonomous body that represents all of MidKent College's students. The Students' Union has a paid sabbatical President who works full-time; as well as the President position, there are around 30 other positions that any student can be elected into. MidKent College Students' Union is affiliated to the National Union of Students (NUS) and offers the NUS Extra discount card to students.
The Students' Union has received many accolades including the NUS Campaign of the Year Award 2012, the NUS Be A Champion Bronze Accreditation and the Speaker's School Council Awards' Runners-up Award.
Affiliations.
MidKent College became an associate college of the University of Kent in 2001. The University of Kent validates the college’s higher education programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="21426937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426937" title="Buzzer (disambiguation)">
Buzzer (disambiguation)

A buzzer is a signalling device.
Buzzer or The Buzzer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21426970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426970" title="Solar-powered refrigerator">
Solar-powered refrigerator

A solar-powered refrigerator is a refrigerator which runs on electricity provided by solar energy.
Solar-powered refrigerators are able to keep perishable goods such as meat and dairy cool in hot climates, and are used to keep much needed vaccines at their appropriate temperature to avoid spoilage.
Solar-powered refrigerators may be most commonly used in the developing world to help mitigate poverty and climate change.
Rationale.
There is environmental concern regarding conventional refrigeration technologies including contribution to ozone layer depletion and global warming. Refrigerators which contain ozone depleting and global warming substances such as chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), in their insulation foam or their refrigerant cycle, are the most harmful. After CFCs were banned in the 1980s, they were replaced with substances such as hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), which are ozone-depleting substances and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Both are environmentally destructive as potential global warming chemicals. If a conventional refrigerator is inefficient or used inefficiently, it will also contribute more to global warming than a highly efficient refrigerator. The use of solar energy to power refrigeration strives to minimize the negative impacts refrigerators have on the environment. 
Fishermen in the village of Maruata, which is located on the Mexican Pacific coast 18 degrees north of the equator, have no electricity. But for the past 16 years they have been able to store their fish on ice: Seven ice makers, powered by nothing but the scorching sun, churn out a half ton of ice every day.
There's a global scramble to drive down emissions of carbon dioxide: the electricity to power just refrigerators in the U.S. contributes 102 million tons annually. Solar refrigeration can also be inexpensive and it would give the electric grid much-needed relief. Electricity demand peaks on hot summer days—150 gigawatts more in summer than winter in the U.S. (A gigawatt equals one billion watts.) That's almost 1.5 times the generating capacity of all the coal-fired power plants west of the Mississippi River. Further, solar is plentiful. The solar energy hitting 54 square feet (five square meters) of land each year is the equivalent of all the electricity used by one American household, according to data from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and Energy Information Administration, both part of the U.S. Department of Energy.
Making cold out of hot is easier than one might think. A group of students last year at San Jose State University built a solar-powered ice maker with $100 worth of plumbing and a four-by-eight-foot (1.2-by-2.4-meter) sheet of reflecting steel. No moving parts, no electricity, but give it a couple hours of sunshine and it can make a large bag of ice.
The key is the energy exchanged when liquids turn to vapor and vice versa—the process that cools you when you sweat. By far the most common approach, the one used by the refrigerator in your house, uses an electric motor to compress a refrigerant—say, Freon—turning it into liquid. When the pressure created by the compressor is released, the liquid evaporates, absorbing heat and lowering the temperature.
Absorptive chillers like solar refrigerators use a heat source rather than a compressor to change the refrigerant from vapor to liquid. The two most common combinations are water mixed with either lithium bromide or ammonia. In each case, the refrigerating gas is absorbed until heat is applied, which raises the temperature and pressure. At higher pressure, the refrigerant condenses into liquid. Turning off the heat lowers the pressure, causing that liquid to evaporate back into a gas, thereby creating the cooling effect.
As with most technologies, the efficiency of such absorptive refrigeration depends on the degree of engineering (and expense) brought to bear. Single-effect devices have a coefficient of performance of 0.6 to 0.7—that is, they create 60 to 70 Btus (British thermal units) of cooling for every 100 Btus of input heat. That low level of efficiency can be achieved with something as crude as some pipe, a bucket of water, some calcium chloride (as absorbent), ammonia (as refrigerant), and a sheet of shiny metal (the solar collector).
If what one wants to do is heat or cool, using solar energy this way is probably more efficient—and certainly cheaper—than converting it first into electricity. "That approach ought to be comparable to photovoltaics, or a little better," said Tom Mancini, program manager for solar power at the Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, N.M.
It would take a fair-size collector—86 square feet (eight square meters), assuming 40 percent panel efficiency—just to deliver the cooling of a small (6,000 Btu per hour or half-ton) window air conditioner. And central air-conditioning units are often 30,000 Btu or more; few homeowners could spare the space for that.
History.
"In developed countries, plug-in refrigerators with backup generators store vaccines safely, but in developing countries, where electricity supplies can be unreliable, alternative refrigeration technologies are required". Solar fridges were introduced in the developing world to cut down on the use of kerosene or gas-powered absorption refrigerated coolers which are the most common alternatives. They are used for both vaccine storage and household applications in areas without reliable electrical supply because they have poor or no grid electricity at all. They burn a liter of kerosene per day therefore requiring a constant supply of fuel which is costly and smelly, and are responsible for the production of large amounts of carbon dioxide. They can also be difficult to adjust which can result in the freezing of medicine. The use of Kerosene as a fuel is now widely discouraged for three reasons: Recurrent cost of fuel, difficulty of maintaining accurate temperature and risk of causing fires.
Technology.
Traditionally solar-powered refrigerators and vaccine coolers use a combination of solar panels and lead batteries to store energy for cloudy days and at night in the absence of sunlight to keep their contents cool. These fridges are expensive and require heavy lead-acid batteries which tend to deteriorate, especially in hot climates, or are misused for other purposes. In addition, the batteries require maintenance, must be replaced approximately every three years, and must be disposed of as hazardous wastes possibly resulting in lead pollution. These problems and the resulting higher costs have been an obstacle for the use of solar powered refrigerators in developing areas.
In the mid-1990s NASA JSC began work on a solar powered refrigerator that used phase change material rather than battery to store "thermal energy" rather than "chemical energy." The resulting technology has been commercialized and is being used for storing food products and vaccines.

</doc>
<doc id="21426977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426977" title="George Lemuel Dickinson">
George Lemuel Dickinson

George Lemuel Dickinson (July 4, 1848 – November 7, 1930) was a manufacturer and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Carleton in the Canadian House of Commons from 1888 to 1891 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Toronto, the son of Moss Kent Dickinson and Elizabeth Mary Trigge. Dickinson was educated in Ottawa and Poughkeepsie, New York. He served as deputy reeve for North Gower in 1877 and 1878. He was first elected to the House of Commons in an 1888 by-election held after Sir John A. Macdonald chose to sit for the Kingston riding. Dickinson was unsuccessful when he ran for reelection in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="21426979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426979" title="John Frederick of Holstein-Gottorp, Prince-Bishop">
John Frederick of Holstein-Gottorp, Prince-Bishop

John Frederick of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp (born 1 September 1579 in Gottorp, a part of today's Schleswig; died 3 September 1634 in Altkloster, a part of today's Buxtehude) was the Lutheran Administrator of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen, the Prince-Bishopric of Lübeck and the Prince-Bishopric of Verden.
His parents were Adolf I, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp and Christine, Landgravine of Hesse-Cassel. "John Frederick" and Anna Dobbel from Bremervörde, the Bremian prince-archiepiscopal residence, had two children: "Friedrich" and "Christine". In 1621 Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, legitimated them and ennobled them as "von Holstein".
After "John Frederick's" brother John Adolf succeeded their brother Philip, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp as Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp, the Bremian Chapter feared "John Adolf" would integrate the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen into his inheritable ducal monarchy. The Chapter demanded that John Adolf would resign, what he did in 1596 in favour of "John Frederick". In 1607 "John Adolf" also handed over the Prince-Bishopric of Lübeck to his brother.
At the beginning of the Thirty Years' War "John Frederick" and his prince-bishoprics of Bremen and Lübeck maintained neutrality, as did most of the territories in the Lower Saxon Circle.
After 1613 King Christian IV of Denmark and Norway, being in personal union Duke of Holstein within the "Holy Roman Empire", turned his attention to gain grounds by acquiring the prince-bishoprics of Bremen, Verden, Minden and Halberstadt.
He skillfully took advantage of the alarm of the German Protestants after the Battle of White Mountain in 1620, to stipulate with Bremen’s Chapter and "John Frederick", his cousin of second degree, to grant coadjutorship of the See of Bremen for his son Frederick, later Crown Prince of Denmark (September 1621). Coadjutorship usually included the succession of a See.
In November 1619 Christian IV of Denmark, Duke of Holstein stationed Danish troops in the Bremian city of Stade, officially on behalf of his son the provided to be Administrator successor, suppressing an unrest of its burghers.
In 1620 Christian, "the Younger", titular Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg-Wolfenbüttel, the Lutheran Administrator of the Prince-Bishopric Halberstadt requested that the Lutheran "Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen" would join the war coalition of the Protestant Union. "John Frederick" and the Bremian Estates met in a Diet and declared for their territory their loyalty to Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, and their neutrality in the conflict.
With Danish troops within his territory and "Christian the Younger's" request "John Frederick" tried desperately to keep his Prince-Archbishopric out of the war, being in complete agreement with the Estates and the city of Bremen. When in 1623 the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands, fighting in the Eighty Years' War for its independence against Habsburg's Spanish and imperial forces, requested its Calvinist co-religionist of the city of "Bremen" to join, the city refused, but started to enforce its fortifications.
In 1623 the territories comprising the Lower Saxon Circle decided to recruit an army in order to maintain an armed neutrality, with troops of the Catholic League already operating in the neighboured Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle and dangerously approaching their region. The concomitant effects of the war, debasements and dearness, had already caused an inflation also in the region. The population suffered from billeting and alimenting Baden-Durlachian, Danish, Halberstadtian, Leaguist, and Palatine troops, whose marching through the John Frederick had to tolerate in order to prevent entering into armed conflict.
In 1623 the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands, diplomatically supported by James I, King of England, the brother-in-law of Christian IV of Denmark, started a new anti-Habsburg campaign. Thus the troops of the Catholic League were bound and the Prince-Archbishopric seemed relieved. But soon after the imperial troops under Albrecht von Wallenstein headed for the North in an attempt to destroy the fading Hanseatic League, in order to subject the Hanseatic cities of Bremen, Hamburg and Lübeck and to establish a Baltic trade monopoly, to be run by some imperial favourites including Spaniards and Poles. The idea was to win Sweden's and Denmark's support, both of which since long were after the destruction of the "Hanseatic League".
In May 1625 Christian IV of Denmark, Duke of Holstein was elected – in the latter of his functions – by the Lower Saxon Circle's member territories commander-in-chief of the Lower Saxon troops. More troops were recruited and to be billeted and alimented in the Lower Saxon territories, including the Prince-Archbishopric. In the same year "Christian IV" joined the Anglo-Dutch war coalition. In 1625 Johan 't Serclaes, Count of Tilly warned John Frederick to further accept the stationing of Danish troops and Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, demanded the immediate end of his and "Verden's" alliance with Denmark, with "Verden" being already ruled by "Christian's" son Frederick II, Administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Verden, being as well the provided successor of "John Frederick". He declared again his loyalty to the Emperor and neutrality in the conflict. But all in vain.
Now "Christian IV" ordered his troops to capture all the important traffic hubs in the Prince-Archbishopric and entered into the Battle of Lutter am Barenberge, on 27 August 1626, where he was defeated by the Leaguist troops under "Tilly". "Christian IV" and his surviving troops fled to the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen and took their headquarters in "Stade". "John Frederick" fled to his Prince-Bishopric of Lübeck and left the rule in the "Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen" to the Chapter and the Estates.
By 1627 "Christian IV" had de facto dismissed his cousin "John Frederick" from the Bremian See. In the same year "Christian IV" withdrew from the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen, in order to fight "Wallenstein's" invasion of his Duchy of Holstein. "Tilly" then invaded the Prince-Archbishopric and captured its southern parts. The city of Bremen shut its city gates and entrenched behind its improved fortifications. In 1628 "Tilly" beleaguered "Stade" with its remaining garrison of 3,500 Danish and English soldiers. On May 5, 1628 "Tilly" granted them safe-conduct to England and Denmark and the whole Prince-Archbishopric was in his hands. Now "Tilly" turned to the city of Bremen, which paid him a ransom of 10,000 rixdollars in order to spare its siege. The city remained unoccupied.
"Wallenstein" had meanwhile conquered all the Jutish Peninsula, which made "Christian IV" to sign the Treaty of Lübeck, on May 22, 1629, in order to regain possession of all his feoffs on the peninsula, he in return agreed to formally end Denmark's participation in the Thirty Years' War and waived for his son Frederick II, Administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Verden, the administration of that prince-bishopric as well as the provided succession as Administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Halberstadt.
"John Frederick", exiled in the Imperial Free City of Lübeck, was in a markedly weak position. So in 1628 he consented that the Lutheran convent in the former Roman Catholic St. Mary’s monastery in "Stade" – under Leaguist occupation – was restituted to Catholic rite and manned with foreign monks, if the Chapter would also agree. Again passing the buck on to the Chapter.
The Leaguist takeover enabled Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, to implement the Edict of Restitution, decreed March 6, 1629, within the "Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen". The Bremian monasteries still maintaining Roman Catholic rite – Altkloster, Harsefeld, Neukloster, and Zeven – became the local strongholds for a reCatholicisation within the scope of Counter-Reformation.
Under the threat of the Edict of Restitution "John Frederick" consented to Canonical Visitations of the remaining monasteries, those clinging to Roman Catholic rite and those converted to voluntary Lutheran convents alike. Nun monasteries had traditionally been institutions to provide unmarried daughters of the better off, who couldn't be provided a husband befitting their social status or who didn't want to marry, with a decent livelihood. So when an unmarried woman of that status joined a nun monastery she would bestow earning assets (real estate) or – restricted to her lifetime – regular revenues paid by her male relatives, on the monastery, making up in the former case part of the monastery’s estates (not to be confused with the political body of the Estates).
In many territories, where the majority of the population adopted Lutheranism, the nun monasteries' function to provide sustenance for unmarried women wasn't to be given up. So it happened that the Prince-Archbishopric's former Roman Catholic nunneries of Himmelpforten, Lilienthal, Neuenwalde, and Osterholz with all their estates had turned into such foundations (German: das "Stift", more particular: "Damenstift", literally "Ladies' foundation"), while the monastery of Zeven was in the process of becoming one, with – among a majority of Catholic nuns – a number of "nuns" of Lutheran denomination, usually called conventuals. Other expressions like abbess, for the chairwoman, and prioress for conventuals of certain hierarchic function, were – and are partly – continued to be used in such Lutheran "Stifte".
Within the scope of the visitations by the end of the year 1629 the Roman Catholic "visitors" issued an ultimatum to the Lutheran conventuals to convert to Catholicism or to leave the monasteries. No conversion had been recorded, so at different dates between before Christmas 1629 and April 1631 all Lutheran conventuals had been thrown out from the monasteries, with the estates of "Himmelpforten" and "Neuenwalde" then being bestowed to the Jesuits, in order to finance them and their missioning in the course of the "Counter-Reformation" in the Prince-Archbishopric. The expelled conventuals were denied to get the real estate restituted, which they bestowed on the monastery, when they entered it.
"Ferdinand II" suspended the capitulars from penalty, if they would dismiss the Lutheran coadjutor Frederick, later Crown Prince of Denmark from office. The Chapter refused, still backing "Frederick", whom it had elected with full legal validity in 1621. So "Ferdinand II" himself dismissed him by way of using the "Edict of Restitution", in favour of his youngest son, the Roman Catholic Leopold Wilhelm, Archduke of Austria, already prince-bishop of Halberstadt (1628-1648), Passau (1625-1662) and Strasbourg (1626-1662).
"Ferdinand II" left "John Frederick" in office, against Leaguist resistance, for he had always kept loyalty to him. The "Catholic League" wished the Roman Catholic Franz Wilhelm, Count of Wartenberg, prince-bishopric of Osnabrück (1625–1661), onto the See. After all, the See included at those years an annual revenue of 60,000 rixdollars at the free disposal of its holder, making up half the Prince-Archbishopric’s budget.
"Franz Wilhelm, Count of Wartenberg", appointed by "Ferdinand II" as chairman of the imperial "restitution commission", carrying out the provisions of the "Edict of Restitution" in the "Lower Saxon Circle", dismissed "John Frederick" in 1629, who acquiesced.
In February 1631 "John Frederick" conferred with Gustavus II Adolphus of Sweden and a number of Lower Saxon princes in Leipzig, all of them troubled by Habsburg's growing influence wielded by virtue of the "Edict of Restitution" in a number of Northern German Lutheran prince-bishoprics. "John Frederick" speculated to regain the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen and therefore in June/July 1631 officially allied himself with Sweden. For the war being "John Frederick" accepted the supreme command of "Gustavus II Adolphus", who promised to restitute the Prince-Archbishopric to its former Administrator. In October an Army, newly recruited by "John Frederick", started to reconquer the Prince-Archbishopric and – supported by Swedish troops – to capture the neighboured Prince-Bishopric of Verden, de facto dismissing "Verden's" Catholic Prince-Bishop Franz Wilhelm, Count of Wartenberg, (ruled 1630-1632) and causing the flight of the Catholic clergy wherever they arrived. The "Prince-Bishopric of Verden" became subject of a Swedish military administration with "John Frederick" being officially the Administrator.
The reconquest of the "Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen" – helped by forces from Sweden and from the city of Bremen – was interrupted by Leaguist forces under Gottfried Heinrich Graf zu Pappenheim, coming as a relief to Stade, where they joined the Catholic imperial and Leaguist forces still holding out. On May 10, 1632 they were granted safe-conduct and left a desperately impoverished city of Stade after its siege by "John Frederick's" forces. "John Frederick" was back in his office, only to realise the supremacy of Sweden, insisting on its supreme command until the war's end.
The "Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen" continuously suffered from billeting and alimenting soldiers. The relation between the Estates, who had to maintain administration under Catholic occupation, and the returned "John Frederick" were difficult. The Estates preferred to directly negotiate with the occupants, this time the Swedes. "John Frederick" wanted to secularise the monasteries in favour of his budget, but the opposing Estates prevented that.
After "John Frederick's" death in 1634 the Bremian Chapter and Estates regarded Frederick's (later Danish Crown Prince) dismissal as coadjutor by Ferdinand II by virtue of the "Edict of Restitution" illegitimate. But the Swedish occupants had to be persuaded first, to accept "Frederick's" succession. So Chapter and Estates ruled the Prince-Archbishopric until the conclusion of the negotiations with Sweden. In 1635 he succeeded as Lutheran Administrator Frederick II in the Sees of Bremen and of Verden. But he had to render homage to the minor Queen regnant Christina of Sweden.
In the same year Pope Urban VIII provided the Catholic coadjutor Leopold Wilhelm, Archduke of Austria, imposed in 1629 by his father "Ferdinand II", with the Archdiocese of Bremen, but due to its persisting occupation by the Swedes he never gained de facto pastoral influence let alone the power as prince-archbishop.

</doc>
<doc id="21426997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426997" title="Britannia Landfill">
Britannia Landfill

Britannia Landfill, now BraeBen Golf Course, and previously Britannia Hills Golf Course was a garbage dump located in the city of Mississauga and later transformed into a golf course. The site is located on Terry Fox Way south of Britannia Road West.
Opened in 1980 by Peel Region, the site took garbage from Peel and Metro Toronto. It closed in 2002 and was used to create a 27 hole golf course.
The City of Mississauga has a 99 year lease on the facility. Gases from the dump are to be used to generate electricity.
Other GTA landfills include:

</doc>
<doc id="21427004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21427004" title="Mohammad Tabibian">
Mohammad Tabibian

Seyed Mohammad Tabibian (born 1948) is an Iranian economist who served under the administration of Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani as deputy director of the Planning and Budget Organization. He left to help found the High Institute of Plan and Development Research in Tehran as of the early 1990s. He has also taught at the Isfahan University of Technology. 
Tabibian received his Bachelor and Master Degree from Pahlavi University (now Shiraz University). He studied at the University of North Carolina in the United States. He obtained his Ph.D. in economics from Duke University, Durham, North Carolina in 1980. When the revolution started he returned to Iran and served as director of the Planning and Budget Organization's Macro Economy Bureau in 1981 at the beginning of the Iranian Revolution. He has been called "Iran's foremost free-market economist and ... one of the country's most important reformers." 

</doc>
<doc id="21427011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21427011" title="Hands On! Tangrams">
Hands On! Tangrams

Hands On! Tangrams is a puzzle game for Nintendo DS. It was released in North America on November 24, 2009.
Tangrams are an ancient set of Chinese moving puzzle pieces that today entertain and challenge people across the globe. Dating back to well before the 19th century, these seven simple shapes or “Tans” come together to form hundreds of different figures with multiple solutions. Tangrams have been used in classrooms around the world for generations to help teach basic math ideas.
Gameplay.
There are more than 100 puzzles, grouped into 10 different themes, which come to life once solved. The controls are very straightforward. To move pieces, you simply drag them with your stylus. To rotate, you press the L or R trigger. To flip the pieces, you press Up on the d-pad. There is a timer on each puzzle, and solving within a certain time frame earns you different colored stars. These stars came easily at first, but once the player progresses through more levels, they became much harder to earn.
References.
[http://diehardgamefan.com/2009/10/20/hands-on-preview-hands-on-tangrams-ds/]
[http://www.gamersdailynews.com/article-2126-HandsOn-with-Hands-On-Tangrams.html]

</doc>
<doc id="21427018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21427018" title="Totland Bay">
Totland Bay

Totland Bay is a bay on the west coast of the Isle of Wight, England. It lies to the west of the village of Totland from which it takes its name. It faces north west and its shoreline is 4km in length and is made up of a straight west facing coast which has a beach, concrete seawall, groynes and pier and a straight north facing rocky coastline. It stretches from Warden Point in the north to Hatherwood Point in the south west. 
The seabed is a mixture of mud and sand. The beach is predominantly shingle. Since 2001 the quality of the beach has been high enough for it to be awarded the Seaside Award Flag. In the summer, litter and seaweed are removed each day, with the latter being composted by local farmers. Currently, the pier is being refurbished to re-open the cafe which was there before.
The bay is best viewed from Headon Warren or anywhere along the concrete seawall. The Isle of Wight Coastal Path runs along the seawall from Warden Point to Widdick Chine.

</doc>
<doc id="21427019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21427019" title="Rade Todorović">
Rade Todorović

Rade Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Paдe Toдopoвић ; born May 21, 1974 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian former football player.
Career.
He spent one season in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.
Some other clubs he has played for are FK Sloga Kraljevo, OFK Beograd, FK Sutjeska Nikšić, PFC Slavia Sofia, FK Napredak Kruševac, FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih and FC Amur Blagoveshchensk.
On January 18, 2009 was held the fourth edition of a youth football toutnament (four different youth categories are present) in Kraljevo, called "Balon Todorović" on his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="21427037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21427037" title="Jaume Castells Ferrer">
Jaume Castells Ferrer

Jaume Castells Ferrer (born 1942) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Biography.
Castells Ferrer was born at Benissa, in the province of Alicante.
From 1969 onwards, Castells worked in the steel industry becoming a member of the Unión General de Trabajadores (UGT), a major Spanish Trade union historically affiliated to the PSOE. He was a member of the Federal Committee of the UGT from 1975 to 1978. In 1974 he joined the PSOE and the following year became a member of the Valencian Provincial Executive of the party, subsequently moving to the National Executive of the party where he remained until 1993.
At the 1977 General Election he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia Province and was re-elected in the five subsequent elections in 1979, 1982, 1986, 1989 and 1993. He was one of the main supporters of Joan Lerma for President of the Valencian Community.
He also served as a local councillor for his home town of Benissa from 1979 to 1987 serving as Mayor during this period.

</doc>
