<doc id="21503624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503624" title="Bandits (1997 film)">
Bandits (1997 film)

Bandits is a 1997 German road movie directed by Katja von Garnier. The film stars Katja Riemann, Jasmin Tabatabai, Nicolette Krebitz and Jutta Hoffmann. Both the film and soundtrack album were commercially successful in Germany, but "Bandits" grossed less than $25,000 in the United States. Much of the soundtrack was written and performed by the actresses themselves. One track from the soundtrack reached number one in the German Charts.
Plot.
As part of socio-professional reintegration in a German prison, four women form a band named "Bandits". Drummer Emma Moor, a former member of a Jazz group, was abused by the bandleader and shot him. Angelika "Angel" Kleinschmidt is imprisoned for marriage fraud, she plays the bass. Singer and guitarist Ludmilla "Luna" Nabiba was arrested for aggravated robbery. Marie Irrgang poisoned her husband, is schizoid and suicidal, she plays the piano.
On the way to a performance at a prom the band manages to escape from custody. On their way towards Hamburg they hear one of their own songs on the radio, which they sent to record producer Michael Gold. Due to the media attention the Bandits gained, Gold senses profitable business. The four women trick him into paying them without signing the contract he offers, financially securing their escape.
In light of their growing fanbase, the Bandits play a spontaneous concert in a club, however they are interrupted by the police. To evade arrest, they take the American tourist "West" hostage. The good looking male causes faction within the group, as he seduces both Angel and Luna. The Bandits leave him behind soon after.
With the police led by Kommissar Schwarz still chasing them, they get surrounded on a bridge. Marie dies of a natural death, the other bandmembers set the car on fire. Luna and Angel jump into the river, while Emma gets arrested. Soon after, she is freed by the other musicians. Thanks to a contact Marie had, they can play a gig on a cruise liner and thereby leave the country.
Prior to their departure the Bandits play a farewell show on a rooftop in the harbor. As the police is informed about this, Kommissar Schwarz and a Sondereinsatzkommando rush to the scene. Constrained by the audience and makeshift barriers, the SEK reaches the rooftop only to see the band stage dive down. While Luna, Angel and Emma run towards the cruise liner, Marie appears to be standing behind the guard rail, wearing a red evening dress. Meanwhile, police snipers get into position.
As the Bandits reach the gangway, Kommissar Schwarz addresses them with a bullhorn.
Facing the police, they draw their weapons and throw them away. Kommissar Schwarz, however, misinterprets the move and orders the police snipers to shoot. Realizing his mistake, he looks shocked, while shots are heard. The film ends with Marie's hand reaching down to the hands of Luna, Angel and Emma.

</doc>
<doc id="21503625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503625" title="Poreče, Vipava">
Poreče, Vipava

Poreče () is a settlement in the upper Vipava Valley just north of Podnanos in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21503632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503632" title="Kake Station">
Kake Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503647" title="Kisaka Station">
Kisaka Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503648" title="Henry McCardie">
Henry McCardie

Sir Henry Alfred McCardie (19 July 1869 – 26 April 1933) was a controversial British judge. Educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham he left school at 16 and spent several years working for an auctioneer before qualifying as a barrister and being called to the Bar in 1894. Despite his lack of a university degree and the business connections that went with it McCardie built up a successful practice in Birmingham and the Midland and Oxford Circuit through a combination of clear arguments, confident advocacy and intense work; he worked so late in his chambers that they became known as "the lighthouse". He moved to London to continue work in 1904 and was a popular barrister, on one day handling twenty-one cases in twenty-one different courts. At the peak of his career he was earning £20,000 while still a junior barrister; a massive amount for that period.
He was appointed as a judge of the High Court King's Bench Division in 1916 at the personal recommendation of the Prime Minister H. H. Asquith despite only being a junior barrister (his application to become a King's Counsel in 1910 had been withdrawn), a rarity as most High Court judges were KCs. He became known for two things; firstly the quality and detail of his written judgements, and secondly his tendency to rebel against the judicial norm and criticise the system, which prevented him from advancing further up the judicial hierarchy. He was popular with the Bar and became a bencher of the Middle Temple in 1916 and a reader in 1927, but received much criticism from the judiciary for his judgements. After several bouts of illness and depression while on circuit he committed suicide on 26 April 1933 in his flat.
Early life and education.
Henry McCardie was born on 19 July 1869 in Edgbaston to Joseph McCardie, an Irish merchant and button maker, and his English wife Jane Hunt. His father died when McCardie was eight, and as a result he and his six siblings were raised by their mother alone. He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and was noted as intelligent but lazy. He left the school when he was sixteen to get a job and for several years worked in an auctioneers office before being admitted to the Middle Temple in 1891. He was called to the bar on 18 April 1894 and almost immediately began work at the chambers of James Parfit (known as J.J. Parfit) in Birmingham.
Work at the Bar.
McCardie became well known on the Midlands and Oxford Circuit for his clear arguments and the amount of time he spent working on cases and studying the law as to present the best case for his client; he worked so late that his chamber became known as "the lighthouse" as there was always a light on in the windows. He was frequently called upon by solicitors to present cases, whether alone or with a KC, and at the height of his career was earning over £20,000. During his time at the bar McCardie represented large organisations such as railway companies and banks, and was a popular barrister. On once occasion he and the QC he was working with Edward Marshall-Hall walked out of court in the middle of a case; it was felt that as such a popular and effective junior barrister McCardie must have been in the right or . McCardie applied to Robert Reid the Lord Chancellor to become a King's Counsel in 1910, but the delay while Reid considered the application harmed McCardie's business, and he withdrew it. In 1916 on the promotion of Sir Edward Scrutton to the Court of Appeal he was asked to become a judge in the High Court of Justice King's Bench division, something considered extraordinary as most High Court judges were KCs.
High Court.
As a judge McCardie used common language to make his judgements easier to understand, but at the same time he also made them very long and detailed. He was noted for his tendency to rebel against the opinions held by the rest of the judiciary and much of society as a whole; as early as 1931 he was supported the legalisation of abortion, saying that "I cannot think it right that a woman should be forced to bear a child against her will". He made several judgements in areas that previously had no case law; in Cohen v Sellar 1 KB 536 he decided that a fiancée who breaks off the engagement is not entitled to the return of the ring, and his ruling in Hartley v Hymans [1920 3 KB 475 was one of the cases used by Lord Denning in his resurrection of promissory estoppel. His decisions and his differing opinions from that of the judiciary as a whole led to criticism from the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice, as well as several members of the Court of Appeal., particularly Scrutton, whose increasingly bitter attacks suggest personal antipathy, and became so extreme that the two men ended by shouting at each other in open court.
While on circuit in 1933 McCardie caught influenza, and the illness and lack of sleep that resulted from it drove him into a deep depression. On 26 April 1933 he shot himself in his flat; the coroner ruled that it was suicide. After his death it came out that he had massive gambling debts, and that he was being blackmailed as a result. It was also suggested that dabbling in the occult had given him a morbid premonition of death.
Henry Cecil Leon in his memoir "Just Within the Law" wrote " I have only the happiest memories of appearing before him".

</doc>
<doc id="21503653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503653" title="Hollywood Candy Company">
Hollywood Candy Company

The Hollywood Candy Company or Hollywood Brands was an American confectionery company formed in Hollywood, Carver County, Minnesota in 1912 by Frank Martoccio.
History.
Martoccio, head of the F.A. Martoccio Macaroni Company acquired a defunct candy factory in 1911 for the sole purpose of replacing one of his own factory's machines that had burned out. Martoccio was talked into buying the entire Pratt and Langhoft Candy plant and found himself in the confectionery business. He purchased another candy company, the Pendergast Candy Company of Minneapolis in 1927, changing the name to Hollywood Brands in 1933. The Pendergast Company had discovered the method of making a fluffy nougat for candy bars that was copied by Frank Mars for his Milky Way bars. Martoccio invented a synthetic coating for his candy bars to keep them from melting in warm temperatures. Martoccio used only the very best ingredients—real cocoa butter, eggs, etc., and was still able to sell his milk chocolate bars for 3 cents compared to the 5 cent Hershey bar (1955). That was not continued after the company was sold in 1967.
Hollywood moved to Centralia, Illinois in 1938. During the 1950s, the Hollywood Candy Company owned a Crosley Super Sport which was painted to look like the Zero candy bar wrapper and employed a midget, called Zero, to drive around and advertise the candy bar. In 1967 the Martoccio family sold Hollywood Brands to Consolidated Foods, later Sara Lee. The Centralia plant was destroyed in a fire in 1980.
In 1988 Hollywood Brands was acquired by the Leaf Candy Company, then later became part of The Hershey Company in 1996.
Products.
Amongst Hollywood's confectionery products were:

</doc>
<doc id="21503655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503655" title="Neil S. Sullivan">
Neil S. Sullivan

Dr. Neil S. Sullivan (born January 18, 1942) is a physics Professor at the University of Florida. He attended Otago University where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics in 1964 followed by a Master of Science in 1965. In 1972, he received his Doctorate in Physics from the Harvard University with the thesis "Nuclear Magnetism of Solid Hydrogen at Low Temperatures". 
Born in New Zealand, Sullivan became a naturalized United States citizen in 2004. He is married to Robyn A. Sullivan and has three children.
Career at the University of Florida.
Sullivan became a Professor of Physics at the University of Florida in 1983. He later became chair of the Physics Department in 1989, a position he held until 1999. From 2000 - 2006, he served as Dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. He currently remains a Professor of Physics for the University of Florida, and he is also the editor for the "Journal of Low Temperature Physics".

</doc>
<doc id="21503664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503664" title="Tonoga Station">
Tonoga Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503684" title="Kamitono Station">
Kamitono Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503700" title="Tsutsuga Station">
Tsutsuga Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503708" title="List of Muslim Mappilas">
List of Muslim Mappilas

This is a list of notable people belonging to the Muslim Mappila community of Kerala and Coorg (Southern district of Karnataka) India.

</doc>
<doc id="21503714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503714" title="Limatula aupouria">
Limatula aupouria

Limatula aupouria is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams. 

</doc>
<doc id="21503719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503719" title="Doi Station (Hiroshima)">
Doi Station (Hiroshima)


</doc>
<doc id="21503729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503729" title="Togōchi Station">
Togōchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503768" title="Sanabor">
Sanabor

Sanabor () is a village in the hills northeast of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to the Prophet Daniel and belongs to the Parish of Col.

</doc>
<doc id="21503782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503782" title="Doug McGibbon">
Doug McGibbon

Douglas "Doug" McGibbon (24 February 1919 – 25 October 2002) was an English footballer who played at centre forward for Southampton, Fulham and Bournemouth in the years just after the Second World War. He once scored six goals in a match, one of which was timed at under 5 seconds from the second half kick-off.
Football career.
Southampton.
McGibbon was born in Netley, Hampshire, the son of Charlie McGibbon (1880–1954), who was a centre forward for several clubs, including Southampton, in the 1900s. At the time Doug was born, his father had retired and was employed as the Chief Clerk in the Statistical Office at Netley Hospital.
Doug McGibbon played his youth football with the Air Service Training at Hamble. During a charity cricket match, he approached the Southampton manager Tom Parker for a trial. Parker gave McGibbon a game with the "Saints" "A" team, against Lymington Town, during which he scored a hat trick. This was sufficient to persuade Southampton to offer him a professional contract, which he signed in December 1938, going on to make his first-team debut in the final match of the 1938–39 season, replacing Reg Tomlinson in a 2–0 defeat at Plymouth.
McGibbon remained in Southampton at the start of the Second World War, making 16 appearances (scoring 7 goals) in the wartime leagues in 1939–40 before he moved to Swindon to work as an aircraft mechanic as part of the war effort. While at Swindon, he played for Swindon Railway in 1944 and then for Swindon Town in the 1945–46 season where he made five appearances, scoring three goals. Swindon Town approached Southampton with a view to signing him on a full-time basis, but the Saints board refused and McGibbon returned to Southampton.
During the 1945–46 season, Southampton played in the League South pending the resumption of League football following the end of the war. During the league season, McGibbon made 30 appearances scoring 27 goals, including six in a 7–0 victory over Chelsea on 29 December 1945. In this match, McGibbon scored his third goal within five seconds of the kick-off for the second half. McGibbon kicked off to Ted Bates, who passed the ball wide to Bill Stroud, who immediately hit a long ball into the path of McGibbon, who had sprinted upfield. McGibbon hit a firm volley into the back of the net without a Chelsea player having touched the ball. The referee timed the goal at 4.6 seconds from the kick-off – this remains the fastest goal ever scored by a Southampton player from a kick-off, although the Dell pitch had been shortened slightly due to bomb damage at the Milton Road end. In total, including FA Cup matches, McGibbon scored 29 goals from 34 appearances in 1945–46, although his form did tail off towards the end of the season.
McGibbon made his home League debut in the opening match of the first season of League football after the war, scoring a hat trick in a 4–0 victory over Swansea Town. He scored three more goals in the next five games, before an injury forced him to sit out five games, with George Lewis taking over. On McGibbon's return he continued to score regularly until he was dropped, in favour of Lewis, in December before manager Bill Dodgin sold him to Fulham for a fee of £4,250 at the start of January. In his 13 league games for the "Saints", McGibbon scored nine goals.
Fulham.
McGibbon scored a hat-trick against Plymouth Argyle in his Fulham debut, becoming only the second Fulham player to achieve such a feat. He subsequently found goals harder to come by, scoring a total of 18 in 43 league appearances up to the end of the 1947–48 season when he was transferred to Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in September.
Bournemouth.
At Bournemouth, playing in the Football League Third Division South, McGibbon again found his goal-scoring form and in each of his three seasons at Dean Court was the club's top scorer, with goal tallies of 30, 18 and 17 respectively.
Later career.
In the summer of 1951, McGibbon dropped out of League football, moving to Newport, Monmouthshire to play for Lovells Athletic in the Welsh League. His footballing days came to an abrupt end when he smashed his head following a collision with a cross bar.
After a spell in hospital, he returned to Hamble to work as an aircraft engineer and then as a sports officer. He later moved to Isleworth in Middlesex where he was sports secretary for Gillette before finishing his working life with Sperry Flight Systems in Basingstoke.
On his retirement, he initially settled in Isleworth before spending the last few years of his life in an Aylesbury care home, where he died in October 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21503786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503786" title="Lo Wai, Lung Yeuk Tau">
Lo Wai, Lung Yeuk Tau

Lo Wai () is a walled village in Lung Yeuk Tau, Fanling, Hong Kong. It is located along the Lung Yeuk Tau Heritage Trail.
Conservation.
The entrance tower and walls surrounding Lo Wai are declared monuments.

</doc>
<doc id="21503799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503799" title="Hideo Murata">
Hideo Murata

Murata was born as a son of rōkyoku singer and . However, he was immediately adopted by and became his stepfather. His real name was . He studied rōkyoku under one of Kumoemon Tochuken's disciples, Kumo Sakai.
Murata was scouted by Masao Koga, debuting with in 1958. His 1961 single "Ōshō" sold over one million copies. Along with Hachiro Kasuga and Michiya Mihashi, he became a famous enka singer and Haruo Minami was regarded as his rival. He died on June 13, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21503801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503801" title="Seidenhauskaserne">
Seidenhauskaserne

The Seidenhauskaserne (literally "silk house kaserne"), also called Artillerie-Kaserne, was a smaller military facility of the Bavarian army, located at "Hofgarten Strasse 1" in Munich, Germany, which existed from 1808 until 1899.
History.
Because the existing barracks of the Munich garrison had an unfavourable tactical location, and some of them fell into disrepair, in 1803 the Bavarian army rented the old court silk factory building to accommodate their artillery troops in the south-eastern corner of the Hofgarten at the northern outskirts of old Munich, nearby the new Hofgartenkaserne, which was under construction since 1801.
Due to the epidemic of typhoid in the Hofgarten- and the Seidenhauskaserne in 1893, a meeting of scientists, physicians, military, engineers and representatives of the city was scheduled to clarify the reasons. Chairman of the meeting was the Bavarian minister of war Adolph von Asch. Due to a missing uniform conclusion, von Asch decided to apply for closing the barracks at prince regent Luitpold, who accepted the motion on July 18, 1893. The Seidenhauskaserne was fully evacuated in 1899. The building slated for demolition in 1900 to make way for an army museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21503802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503802" title="Leonis C. Malburg">
Leonis C. Malburg

Leonis C. Malburg (born April 4, 1929) is the former mayor of Vernon, California, and the grandson of the city's founder, John B. Leonis. He joined the Vernon city council in 1956 and has served continuously ever since. He was elected mayor in 1974. As mayor, Malburg has been credited with overseeing the successful implementation of public policy that led the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation to name Vernon the "Most Business-friendly City" in L.A. County.
Malburg, an entrepreneur and former bank president, is also a chairman of the Sanitation District of Los Angeles County, a partnership of 24 independent districts, encompassing 78 cities, which serves nearly 5½ million people in Los Angeles County. The Sanitation Districts build and maintain facilities to manage solid, industrial, and water waste in Los Angeles County. Malburg is also chairman of the Barlow Group, which oversees the operations of the Barlow Respiratory Hospital in Los Angeles; a member of the Woodbury University Board of Trustees; and President (and lifelong member) of the Societe Francaise De Bienfaisance Mutuelle De Los Angeles. He is a former director of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, a consortium of 26 cities and water districts which provide drinking water to nearly 18 millions people throughout six counties in Southern California.
Early life and education.
Leonis Clos Malburg was born to Raymond and Adelena Malburg at the French Hospital of Los Angeles, in Chinatown. Malburg's father was a mortuary director from San Francisco who played a prominent role in forensic examinations in the Los Angeles coroner's office. Malburg's grandfather, John B. Leonis was a Basque immigrant who founded the City of Vernon in September, 1905 with ranchers Thomas and James Furlong; his great uncle was Miguel Leonis, a California pioneer, who settled much of what is now the San Fernando Valley and Ventura County, California.
Malburg is the product of both public and private education. His early school years were spent at Third Street Elementary and John Burrows Junior High, both in Los Angeles. While he lived with his parents, Malburg spent much of his time with his grandfather who had residences in Vernon, Los Angeles, and in the Angeles National Forest. The elder Leonis was known as the no-nonsense founder of the City of Vernon, California's first and largest exclusively industrial city. In its early days, Vernon was noted for its slaughterhouses and sporting events, including professional boxing and baseball. John B. Leonis served for 45 years as a councilman for the city he co-founded. He was also the founder and president of the First Citizens Bank of Vernon. Malburg's close relationship with his grandfather influenced him to pursue his own banking career, and he eventually obtained his first banking job at First Citizens, starting as a messenger.
In 1943, Malburg was accepted to and attended the Harvard Military Academy in Los Angeles. He was highly regarded for his shooting skills and graduated a two-time champion in rifle marksmanship.
After returning from his service in the U.S. Air Force, Malburg attended Woodbury University in Los Angeles and majored in Business Administration. His fond memories and respect for Woodbury's educational excellence led Malburg to later accept an offer to join Woodbury's Board of Trustees.
Banking career.
Malburg began his banking career as a messenger for First National Bank of Vernon, which was chartered in 1919. He rose within the bank to oversee loans for construction projects and eventually became the bank's Vice President. In 1956, he became the President of First National Bank. When, through a merger, First National became Citizens National Bank, and Malburg stayed on as Vice President and Chairman of the advisory board. Eventually, Citizens National merged with Crocker National Bank and later with Wells Fargo. Malburg retired from banking to manage his family interests and investments.
Political career.
Malburg's career in city government began when he accepted an appointment to the Vernon city council following the death of a sitting councilman. After eighteen years on the council, Malburg was elected mayor by the council and has served in that capacity since. Under Malburg's leadership, the city has multiplied its surplus while providing businesses within its borders with natural gas service, fiber optic systems, and its own light and power company, with rates up to 40% lower than those outside the city. As mayor, he has also overseen ongoing land development and the city's expanding infrastructure, including a power generation station which bears his name. In 1978, the Mayor and city council made the controversial decision during a labor dispute to dismiss striking firefighters who refused to report for duty or take acting positions on fire calls. It was the opinion of city leaders that the firefighter's illegal actions, which came after their union rescinded its agreement to a solution brokered by a state mediator, left the city with a dangerously thin line of fire defense. Superior Court Judge Harry L. Hupp upheld the city's decision in October, 1978, ruling that the firefighter's strike was indeed illegal. However, after four days of negotiations with the union, the city reinstated the dismissed firefighters. Still, the L.A. County Board of Supervisors, responding to political pressure from labor unions seeking retaliation for the initial firings, cancelled its mutual aid agreement with the City of Vernon (a move that was criticized by the president of the 40-member Independent Cities of Los Angeles County Association). The county district attorney's office also charged Malburg and other administrators with crimes unrelated to the strike. In Malburg's case, the district attorney office accused the mayor of falsely declaring his domicile to be the family residence he built in Vernon, charging that his true domicile was the Los Angeles home he inherited from his grandfather. In 1979, Judge William Keene dismissed the charges when it was revealed that the district attorney's office had withheld evidence from the grand jury which directly contradicted the prosecution's claims. Similar charges were filed again, twenty-seven years later, after the city attempted to suppress a report by a city attorney that the city administrator was stealing from the city. In the course of that investigation the District Attorney's relatively new Public Integrity Division learned that Malburg and his wife and son all claimed to live in an apartment within an office building in Vernon. The city's attempt to suppress the report was unsuccessful and the city administrator, Bruce Malkenhorst, Sr., was charged with misappropriating public funds. The mayor and his family were charged with voter fraud. Leonis's son, John Malburg, was sent to prison for child molestation discovered during the same investigation.
After being sued by the City of Vernon over nearly $1.5 million in attorney fees, Malburg resigned the office of mayor on July 1, 2009.
In December 2009, Leonis Malburg and his wife were convicted of conspiracy, perjury, and voter fraud. (see editorial, Los Angeles Times, December 9, 2009, "Justice Comes to Vernon") In January 2010, they were ordered to pay over $600,000 in restitution and fines.
Further reading.
http://www.cityofvernon.org/council_members/mayor.html <br>
http://app1.chinadaily.com.cn/star/history/00-06-16/c06-vernon.html <br>
http://images.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://egpnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/vernonsun-img_6004.jpg&imgrefurl=http://egpnews.com/%3Fp%3D1848&usg=__7TJE6Bp3ZPCERmXD2z7J9JHobGc=&h=261&w=400&sz=127&hl=en&start=2&um=1&tbnid=vnE6H6z-2N7xTM:&tbnh=81&tbnw=124&prev=/images%3Fq%3Dleonis%2Bmalburg%26ndsp%3D18%26um%3D1%26hl%3Den%26sa%3DN

</doc>
<doc id="21503814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503814" title="Limea pygmaea">
Limea pygmaea

Limea pygmaea is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams. 

</doc>
<doc id="21503817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503817" title="Slap, Vipava">
Slap, Vipava

Slap () is a village in the Vipava Valley west of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Matthew and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21503834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503834" title="Geopyxis carbonaria">
Geopyxis carbonaria

Geopyxis carbonaria, commonly known as the charcoal loving elf-cup, is a species of fungi in the genus "Geopyxis", family Pyronemataceae. The small, fleshy, cup-shaped red fruiting bodies are commonly found on soil where brush has recently been burned.
Description.
The fruiting bodies (ascocarps) of "Geopyxis carbonaris" are cup shaped, 1–2 cm wide, and have fringed margins. The inner spore-bearing surface of the cup, the hymenium, is brick red and smooth, while the exterior surface is a dull yellow, and may be either smooth or have blister-like spots (pustules). The stipe is small (1–1.5 mm long and 1–2 mm wide), whitish in color, and expands abruptly into the cup.
Microscopic characteristics.
The spores are elliptical, smooth, hyaline, devoid of oil droplets ("eguttulate"), and have dimensions of 13–18 × 7–9 µm. The asci are 190–225 × 9–10 µm. The paraphyses are slightly club-shaped, unbranched, and have irregular orange-brown granules, with tips up to 5 µm wide, and are not forked or lobed. The hypothecium, the layer of cells below the hymenium, is made of densely packed, small irregular cells.
Habitat and distribution.
This species is widespread on burned soil or charcoal in the spring and throughout the growing season. It has been reported that this species produces fruiting bodies from 16 to 139 weeks after a forest fire, and that this production is associated with the presence of coniferous trees.
Similar species.
The closely related vulcan elf cup ("Geopyxis vulcanalis") has a yellow apothecium, and may be distinguished microscopically by the paraphyses which lack the orange-brown granules characteristic of "G. carbonaria". "Tazzetta cupularis", which grows in similar habitats, is distinguished microscopically by its spores which contain two oil droplets. Other genera with similar species with which "Geopyxis carbonaria" may be confused in the field include "Aleuria", "Caloscypha", "Melastiza", and "Sowerbyella".

</doc>
<doc id="21503837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503837" title="Naked (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)">
Naked (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)

Naked is a 1986 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review should probably, as usual, be ignored as uninformative, stuffy and snobbish. Stephen Cook describes the album as "appealing without being especially challenging" and "a good introduction to the Art Ensemble of Chicago's vast catalog".

</doc>
<doc id="21503838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503838" title="Southern Vales">
Southern Vales

Southern Vales is a region of southern Adelaide that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21503868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503868" title="Qatar Steel">
Qatar Steel

Qatar Steel (formerly QASCO) was formed in 1974 as the first integrated steel plant in the Persian Gulf. Commercial production commenced in 1978 with the company becoming wholly owned by Industries Qatar in 2003.
Business Organization.
Plant facilities includes a Midrex process based DRI/HBI Combo Mega Module, electric arc furnaces with a ladle refining furnace, a continuous casting plant and rolling mills. Other auxiliaries include jetty facilities, a main power substation, quality control center, maintenance shops and facilities for sea/fresh water, compressed air, natural gas and a clinic. It is named in top four steel producers in the Middle East by MEED. Its mill site is located in Mesaieed Industrial City south of Doha. The company also operates a UAE based subsidiary Qatar Steel Company FZE.
History.
Qatar Steel is the new corporate identity and the trade name for Qatar Steel Company, QSC. It was incorporated on October 14, 1974 by way of Emiri Decree No. 130 under its former name QASCO as the first integrated steel plant in the Persian Gulf region. It was a joint venture between the Government of Qatar and two Japanese companies, Kobe Steel [20% and Tokyo Boeki It started its full operation and steel production in 1978 and in 1997, shares of Kobe Steel and Tokyo Boeki were acquired by the Government of Qatar, which was later transferred to Qatar Petroleum and thereafter to Industries Qatar (IQ) during a reorganization in April 2003.
Environmental commitment.
Compared to other steel plants the Qatar Steel's most significant advantage is that its production is based on DRI which uses clean raw material. It employs various methods of recycling and re-using production waste, basing its production process on the utilization of clean raw materials and, steel making technology that is the lowest producer of emission per ton.
Facilities in Dubai.
Qatar Steel Company FZE was established in August 2003 to produce steel wire-rod products. 
The company operates two primary facilities at its 60,000 Sq. meter Jebel Ali Free Zone site: An upgraded Wire Rod Mill with an installed capacity of 240,000 metric tonnes per annum and the present Rebar Mill with an annual capacity of 50,000 MT. The latter is soon to be replaced by a modern new Bar Mill from VAI–POMINI with a 300,000 MT capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="21503886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503886" title="Keshikasu-kun">
Keshikasu-kun

The series is about a white eraser who becomes "Keshikasu-kun" by putting an eraser crumb on his head and a paper costume on his body. Keshikasu-kun wants to become the best of the stationary supplies, outdoing other characters such as the blackboard eraser ("kokuban-keshi") and the correction fluid ("shūseieki").
Beginning in 2008 "Keshikasu-kun" appeared in the television program "Oha Coliseum". "Keshikasu-kun" received the Shogakukan Manga Award in the children's category in 2008. The January issue of " Monthly Coro Coro Comic", released on December 15, 2009.
The January 2010 issue of "Monthly Coro Coro Comic", released on December 15, 2009, revealed that an anime adaptation, classified by Shogakukan-Shueisha Productions as a television program, has been approved.

</doc>
<doc id="21503888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503888" title="Hollywood Outlaw Movie">
Hollywood Outlaw Movie

Hollywood Outlaw, The Unmaking of a Bitter Jester is the director’s cut of the controversial documentary "Bitter Jester" which was buried in 2004 amidst much scandal, never to be seen again. Directed by, written by, and starring Maija DiGiorgio, this film follows her through the construction and subsequent deconstruction of Bitter Jester, including all of the footage that sparked the scandal leading to blackmail and censorship.
Plot.
"Hollywood Outlaw" is the true tale of the life-altering journey of New York City comic Maija DiGiorgio. The film is a comedic documentary that tells the story of Di Giorgio as a mixed race female comic and her rapid rise to become a mainstay in the New York comedy world, mentored by people like Dave Chappelle, Russell Simmons and others with appearances on Showtime at the Apollo, Def Comedy Jam, co-host of a morning show on the number one station in the country, Hot 97, Sex & the City, TV pilots and featured at HBO’s Aspen Comedy Festival.
In spite of this apparent direct path to success, Di Giorgio soon discovers that she does not fit the mold that Hollywood wants to place her in and she finds herself at a creative and personal cross road of being true to herself or being pigeon holed by an industry that tries to tell her who she is and who she should be. A major Hollywood executive tells her “I get you- you’re a young kid raised in the ghetto, you have a fire in your belly from all the hard times you have seen”, when in fact Maija went to boarding school in Greenwich Connecticut. The only ghetto Maija had ever seen was watching repeats of “GoodTimes”. Maija chooses to walk away from it all and start over.
In a desperate attempt to salvage both career and sanity, Maija sets out to show the world just how twisted and masochistic her world of standup comedy really is. Maija who asks her soon to be boyfriend, Kenny Simmons who is determined to help Maija but also see himself back in a producer position, and he immediately begins to line up huge star talent and takes claim to the credits of producer, by his none stop attack on getting talent.
Setting off this couple's tailspin journey, is a confrontation with Jerry Seinfeld on location of the star’s own project. This escapade results in a New York Post front-page headline and death threats forcing the camera toting couple to leave the city. Forging ahead with a dysfunctional crew, they crisscross the country, Maija in search of some answers and Kenny in search of fame and fortune. They convince a surprising birth of industry legends to sit down for the most revealing and awkward interviews of their careers. Maija and Kenny manage to record an eclectic borage of insightful, and yet sometimes absurd and irrelevant opinions. George Carlin, Chevy Chase, Phyllis Diller, Kevin James, Lewis Black, Rita Rudner, Ray Romano, Paul Mooney, and Richard Pryor are among a long list of celebrity comics harassed into being a part of this project. 
- When Kenny’s obsession with fame takes over Maija’s film and personal quest, she is forced to fight back or risk losing everything.
Maija DiGiorgio’s is a familiar story of the tumultuous search for true identity. She shows us the emotional pain from which humor is born and the powerful role it plays in uplifting us and keeping us sane. In the wake of life’s greatest tragedies, the human spirit is transformed, and Maija has recorded the raw reality of its course.
Cast and crew.
Featuring:
George Carlin, Lewis Black, Bill Maher, Chevy Chase, Maija DiGiorgio, Brett Ratner, Godfrey, Ardie Fuqua, Jim Norton, Bobby Kelly, Keith Robinson, Tony Rock, Rachel Feinstein, Sherrod Small, Rich Vos, Eddie Ifft, Judah Friedlander, Lisa Lampanelli, Ken Simmons, Jerry Stiller, Jody Del Giorno, Heather McConnell, Tony Martinelli, Susie Essman, Christopher Titus, Terry Jones, Dom Irrera, Norm Crosby, Joy Behar, Colin Quinn, Tony Roberts, Colin Mochrie, Ryan Stiles, Richard Kind, Judy Tenuta, Gilbert Gottfried, Paul Mooney, Rita Rudner, George Schlatter, Lewis Black, Peter Boyle, Ray Romano, D. L. Hughley, Bill Maher, Kevin James, Paul Shaffer, Nicole Sullivan, Robert Klein, Phyllis Diller, Vincent Schiavelli.
Written, Directed & Edited by Maija DiGiorgio
Produced By Ken Simmons
Co-Produced by Heather McConnell
Scandal.
After receiving rave reviews, including "Variety Magazine", and screening at festivals all over the world, "Bitter Jester" was ready for distribution. However, there was one problem. The executive producers were suddenly demanding that the footage of Richard Pryor and his ex-wife be removed from the film. They threatened to shut down the distribution deal if the footage remained. Due to the nature of the footage, its relevance in the film, and the support from Pryor’s family, the director refused to remove the footage. The executive producers paid off the distribution company, stopped the deal, and then held onto their piece of the film to ensure it could never be seen. Six months after Richard Pryor died, the producers relinquished their piece and the making of "Hollywood Outlaw" began.
Critical reception.
"Bitter Jester" was well received at festivals and in publications all over the world. It screened at Cinequest Film Festival, Tribeca Film Festival, US Comedy Arts Festival, London Comedy Festival, Boston International Film Festival, Edinburgh Festival, Evil City Film Festival, Denver Film Festival.
“Making a movie without really knowing what it’s going to be about is not generally advisable, but Maija DiGiorgio’s Bitter Jester makes that process quite entertaining … Jester is often hilarious and always diverting ...Whole package is a resourceful font of ideas, with no end of visual/editorial gambits (including split screen images) and witty soundtracked music choices. DiGiorgio may fret that ‘Maybe comedy isn’t the thing I should be pursuing.’ Regardless, she definitely has a future as a filmmaker.” -Dennis Harvey, "Variety Magazine"
“Bitter Jester is much funnier and insightful than Comedian which got a theatrical release last year...If you like to laugh, Bitter Jester is the film for you." -Steve Rhodes, Online Film Critics Society
3 out of 4 tomatoes up -Rotten Tomatoes
"Intense, disturbing, voyeuristic Bitter Jester is the documentary about standup that's not afraid to jump right into the muck." - metro- Active
"Stroke of genius" -Andrew B., That Cow Moovies
"This is an amazingly honest film." -Jeff Gurian, 15 Minutes Magazine
"With such a cast of characters, it's little surprise that the film soon swiftly veers away from any idea of being a 'how-to' guide to comedy. In doing so, of course, it also widens its appeal to those who aren't comedy anoraks and into the realms of that perennial favorite, the 'pain behind the laughter' story ... The film couldn't fail to be a laugh with a credit list that reads like a Who's Who of comedians - and Barry Manilow. It's funny when the participants try to be - but even funnier when they don't ... the irony is that a film about Maija’s failure is likely to make her a bigger success than her stand-up
ever could.” -Steve Bennett, Chortle (UK)
“Yet there's still something egotistical about this film (Seinfeld’s Comedian) that ranks it below Maija DiGiorgio's Bitter Jester for human interest. Certainly, we never get Seinfeld's version of an incident with DiGiorgio that saw him attacked by her boyfriend as the two documentaries attempted to film in the same club. “ -Jay Richardson, Future Movies UK
”An honest and frightening confirmation of more than I ever wanted to know on the subject of fame and performance, Bitter Jester lends something like an amazing perspective on how complicated a person can be--and, oddly enough, how transforming September Eleventh was on a collective and personal level.” -Walter Chaw, Film Freak Central
"Compelling and inspiring." -the Denver Advocate

</doc>
<doc id="21503897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503897" title="Carl Weingarten">
Carl Weingarten

Carl Weingarten is an American guitarist, photographer, and founder of the independent music label Multiphase Records. Regarded as "one of the truly great indie musicians working today" by the "San Francisco Chronicle", he is best known for his atmospheric sound and use of the slide guitar and Dobro. Weingarten has played a significant role in progressive underground music for nearly 30 years, recording several solo and collaborative instrumental albums and signing various musicians to his label.
Biography.
Before acquiring a taste in music, Weingarten gained an interest in photography early on; at seven years old, he received his first camera as a Christmas gift. By junior high, Weingarten moved on to shooting Super 8 films. However, in high school, he also aspired to teach himself how to play slide guitar after his first exposure to blues. 
Weingarten later earned a degree in cinema production which would go hand in hand with the atmospheric music he would later become known for. According to Weingarten, "The cinematic tone in my music comes from my visual arts background. I try to paint it all in sound." However, breaking into the film industry proved difficult, and he began writing and recording his own film scores and other music for modern dance companies. But as Weingarten stated in a 2007 interview, "I had been my own creative boss for too long, and my attitude got me chased off one too many movie sets." This led him to join the indie label movement. 
Weingarten founded Multiphase Records in St. Louis in 1980. The following year, he released its first album, "Submergings", in collaboration with Dale Ormiston and Phil Neon. That same year gave birth to Weingarten's instrumental synth rock band Delay Tactics. The group, featuring Walter Whitney on synths and guitarists David Udell and Reed Nesbit, took heavy influence from Robert Fripp and served as more of a recording unit than live act. They were, however, among the first of such indie groups to use digital delays in both studio recordings and live looping performances. With two albums under their belt, the group disbanded in 1986. A third record would be released under the Delay Tactics name in 2003.
In the 1990s, Weingarten moved to San Francisco and continued producing his own solo and collaboration albums and toured. He reunited multiple times with Walter Whitney among other musicians in producing a broad catalog of studio recordings. In 1995, several musicians were brought together under the Court Musicians moniker to record an album fusing various cultural styles; two of such tracks featured Weingarten on guitar, and his experience with the project's Indian themes had a profound influence on him musically. He has more recently moved to Alameda, California and continued releasing new music throughout the 2000s.
Weingarten's records have received praise by media outlets such as "All About Jazz", Muze.com, Music Web Express, "Exposé" magazine, and Allmusic among others. With influences spanning Ennio Morricone, Brian Eno, Antonio Vivaldi, and Robert Johnson among others, his albums have often been described as sounding more akin to a thematic soundtrack than a more formal collection of songs, and his innovative style blending and experimentation have been widely commended. In 2002, Weingarten released one of his most critically acclaimed works, "escapesilence". The record would become an NPR staple and the winner of the "Listeners Choice Award" from the syndicated PRI program Echoes.
Despite his success in the music industry, Weingarten is still an avid photographer. Today, a gallery of photos can be viewed at his website focusing on subjects like urban landscapes and architecture, natural landscapes, concerts, and nightlife. The site also offers digital restoration of old photos, and his work has been featured in exhibits such as the Frank Bette Center for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="21503912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503912" title="Library Information Network of Clackamas County">
Library Information Network of Clackamas County

Libraries in Clackamas County (LINCC) is a consortium of the public libraries of Clackamas County, Oregon. It was established in 1977 when the first county-wide funding levy was approved by county voters. LINCC is a resource and revenue sharing network with a single library computer system.
The consortium remains distinct from the Library District of Clackamas County created by a ballot measure voted on during the 2008 general election.
Consortium.
LINCC includes:
The member libraries share an integrated library system which allows cooperative borrowing. Shared services, including cataloging, computer support, courier, and interlibrary loan, are coordinated by the Network Office, a department of the county government. The system currently offers nearly half a million titles, 1.2 million items, and serves over 200,000 members, who check out more than 6.2 million items each year.
Library District.
In November 2008, Measure 3-310 was passed by Clackamas County voters, leading to the creation of a Library District that established permanent property tax-based funding for libraries in the county. 
The cities of Damascus, Tualatin, and Johnson City opted out of the district's creation. In May 2010, a close vote by the small subset of Tualatin residents who are also Clackamas County residents meant that they would join the district. Following a petition signed by 300 Damascus residents, Damascus voters approved a measure to join the Clackamas County library district in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21503914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503914" title="Bat (heraldry)">
Bat (heraldry)

The bat as a heraldic symbol is primarily represented in the coats of arms of certain important towns of the former Crown of Aragon. It appears mostly at the top, above the crown over the shield.
Origins.
The heraldic use of the bat in Valencia, Catalonia and the Balearic Islands has its origins in a winged dragon ("vibra" or "vibria") that was crowning the helmet or "cimera reial" of the Kings of Aragon. Although traditionally the dragon helmet is ascribed to king James I of Aragon (1208 – 1276),
reliable documents state that the winged dragon "cimera reial" didn't appear over the helmet until Peter IV of Aragon's reign (1319 – 1387). 
There is also a legend that says that thanks to the humble intervention of a bat, king James I of Aragon was able to win a crucial battle against the Saracens that allowed him to win Valencia for his kingdom. However, original documents state that the animal was a swallow and not a bat.
The bat in official heraldry.
The coats of arms of certain cities in eastern Spain, like Valencia, Palma de Mallorca and Fraga have the bat over the shield. Also smaller towns, like Catarroja and Novallas, use this symbol.
Formerly the Barcelona city coat of arms had a bat crowning it as well, but the bat was removed at the beginning of the 20th century for unknown reasons. The city of Teruel used to have the bat surmounting the coat of arms' crown. There the bat represents a commemoration of the role of this city in the conquest of Valencia. The bat now rests just below the crown in Teruel's seal.
The use of the bat as a heraldic symbol is prevalent in the territories of the former Crown of Aragon and it is rarely used elsewhere. However, it can be found in a few places, like in the coats of arms of the city of Albacete, in Spain, as well as the town of Montchauvet (Yvelines), in France and Fiefbergen in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Outside of the European continent, the coat of arms of Santa Fe de Antioquia has multiple bats. It was granted to the town in 1545 by Charles I of Castile and Aragon and his mother Joanna of Castile.
Other uses.
Based on the heraldic symbol of their city, certain Spanish football club badges, like Albacete Balompié, CD Alcoyano, Levante UD and Valencia CF, have a bat on them. The ancient badge of the FC Barcelona, used during the 1899-1910 period, had a small bat crowning it as well.
The Burgee of the Royal Valencia Yacht Club (Reial Club Nàutic de València) displays a bat on a golden field in its center.
Lo Rat Penat, a political organization based in Valencia in 1878, was named after the heraldic bat. Established by Constantí Llombart, Teodor Llorente and Fèlix Pizcueta, its aim was originally to foster a movement similar to the Catalan Renaixença in the region of Valencia.
The Royal Air Force No IX Squadron adopted the bat badge in 1917 along with the Latin language motto "Per Noctem Volamus" (we fly through the night). The badge was approved by King Edward VIII in November 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="21503962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503962" title="Maija DiGiorgio">
Maija DiGiorgio

Maija DiGiorgio is an actress, comedian, and film director from New York City. Along with stand-up, DiGiorgio is president of Hollywood Outlaws, Inc.
Introduction.
Comedy career.
DiGiorgio began her comedy career in New York City where she was born and raised. Her high-voltage stage act was recognized by the "Daily News" and the "New York Post" warning audiences, “to catch Maija before television audiences do”.
DiGiorgio made her national television debut on NBC’s Showtime at the Apollo where she received three standing ovations. In the following months, she made appearances on Russell Simmons’ Def Comedy Jam, NBC’s "Friday Night", PBS’ "Into the Mix", "The Keenan Ivory Wayans’ Show", and performed at HBO’s Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen. DiGiorgio woke up New York City every morning as a co-host on NYC’s number one morning show on Hot 97. She then wrote her first one woman show - Rats! - which she performed Off-Off-Broadway and for which she received rave reviews. DiGiorgio also made appearances on Sex and the City, Fred Silverman's "Mouth Off", and Byron Allen's Comics Unleashed. DiGiorgio attended the Edinburgh Festival Fringe where she debuted the Hollywood Outlaw Comedy Tour. She co-created the show "America Dehoochified: The Smart Women's Guide to Men", which she performs at universities across the U.S.
Career in films.
DiGiorgio took a break from the comedy circuit to focus on her film career. She wrote, directed, and starred in her first film Bitter Jester, which screened on the festival circuit at Cinequest, TriBeca Film Festival, and the US Comedy Arts Festival among others. DiGiorgio later released the director’s cut, titled Hollywood Outlaw Movie. DiGiorgio formed Hollywood Outlaws, Inc. under which to write, direct, and produce films and stage productions.

</doc>
<doc id="21503968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503968" title="Father Sergius (film)">
Father Sergius (film)

Father Sergius is a 1917 Russian silent film directed by Yakov Protazanov and Alexandre Volkoff. It is based on the eponymous story by Leo Tolstoy.
Plot summary.
During the reign of Russian Tsar Nicholas I. Prince Kasatsky discovers that his fiancée has an affair with the Tsar. He decides to break his engagement and retires to a convent where he tries to reach holiness.

</doc>
<doc id="21503970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503970" title="Edo Aircraft Corporation">
Edo Aircraft Corporation

Edo Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturing company known primarily for manufacturing pontoons for floatplanes.
History.
The Edo Aircraft Corporation began operations on October 16, 1925. Although EDO's founder, Earl Dodge Osborn, had dreamed of building airplanes, his first successful product line was EDO floats. Because of a new innovative design, the use of aluminum rather than wood, and the simple fact that good runways were hard to find in the 1920s, demand built quickly for the floats. With the outbreak of World War II, the company's focus shifted, and EDO began to provide subassemblies for military aircraft. This shift in emphasis led to the company being renamed the EDO Corporation in November 1947.
The corporation had a factory built 1940 to the designs of the New York-based architectural firm of Mamfeldt, Adams & Prentice in Long Island City, New York City for $305,000

</doc>
<doc id="21503974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503974" title="Marlin Levermatic">
Marlin Levermatic

The Marlin Levermatic was a family of lever action rifles created by Marlin Firearms in the 1950s. The Levermatic differed from the traditional lever-action rifle, such as the Marlin 39A, in that it employed a cam-and-roller system giving it an extremely smooth and short lever motion to reload a new cartridge.
This cam-and-roller system was originally invented by Kessler Arms Company for their "Lever-Matic" shotgun. Following Kessler's dissolution, Marlin licensed the idea and began producing rifles using a similar design.
The Levermatic system was used in the following rifle models:

</doc>
<doc id="21503978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503978" title="Reid Patterson">
Reid Patterson

Logan Reid Patterson (July 2, 1932 – January 15, 2014) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Patterson was born in Pineville, Kentucky. He attended the University of Georgia, where he swam for the Georgia Bulldogs swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1951 to 1954. He was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He won the NCAA national championship in the 100-yard freestyle in 1953, setting the American record during the meet. Patterson won eight Southeastern Conference (SEC) titles during his tenure at Georgia. He set six SEC records while in Athens: the 50-, 100-, and 220-yard freestyles, the 100- and 200-yard backstrokes, and the 150-yard individual medley. 
Patterson finished fourth in the event final of the 100-meter freestyle at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. He briefly held the Olympic record in the event after his first heat. He later held the world records in the 50-meter freestyle and the 200-meter freestyle relay. He held the American record in the 400-meter freestyle and the 400-meter medley relay.
He was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1984, and the University of Georgia Circle of Honor in 1997.
In 1955, Patterson saw a photo of Anna Lee Robinson and became determined to marry her. They were married for more than 56 years and had four daughters. After his swimming career, he went on to become a geologist and a financial advisor. At the age of 81, he died on January 15, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21503983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503983" title="Vrhpolje, Vipava">
Vrhpolje, Vipava

Vrhpolje () is a settlement in the Vipava Valley north of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Unmarked graves.
Vrhpolje is the site of two unmarked graves from the Second World War. The Church Grave () is located in the middle of the tree-lined avenue by the parish church. It contains the remains of a German soldier killed near Vipava during the war. The Zavetnik Farm Grave () lies in the woods below a vineyard, about 1 km north-northeast of the parish church. It contains the remains of the Slovene civilian Marija Krapež from Malo Polje, who was murdered by the Partisans in November 1943.
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saints Primus and Felician and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21504017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504017" title="Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows News">
Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows News

The Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows News is a community newspaper serving the B.C. Lower Mainland communities of Maple Ridge and Pitt Meadows, located 40 km east of Vancouver. The News is published on Wednesdays and Fridays and is delivered to close to 30,000 homes free of charge.
The paper is a tabloid format and is owned by Black Press.[http://www.blackpress.ca/division/profile.php?divID=2&paperID=46]
History.
Founded in 1978 as a free-distribution paper called the Local News, The Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows News has been part of the Black Community Newspaper Group since January 1997.
Then-publisher Gordon Robson expanded the paper from weekly to twice-weekly in 1985 with the publication of The Sunday News, he extended its reach westward into neighbouring communities, laying the groundwork to launch successful sister papers, the Tri-City News and Burnaby/New Westminster News Leader.
External links.
The Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows News website [http://www.mapleridgenews.com]

</doc>
<doc id="21504035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504035" title="Gyarah Sidi">
Gyarah Sidi

Gyarah Sidi ("Literally: 11 steps") are the remains of the astrological observatory of the Mughal Emperor Humayun. The ruins are situated at a stone’s throw from Babur’s Mehtab Bagh, in a field on the banks of the Yamuna river in Agra.
History.
Gyarah Sidi or Eleven Steps refers to the steps overlooking the hemispherical cavities in the ground from which astronomical readings could be taken. Though nowhere close to their size, Humayun’s observatory is an interesting, diminutive precursor to the massive Jantar Mantars at Jaipur and Delhi built nearly 200 years later.
Humayun and astronomy.
Humayun was absorbed in astrology and astronomy, manifesting his passion in the most eccentric way. The business at court was not conducted according to exigencies of matter on hand but deferred to the planets: 
He even went so far as dressing himself and his ministers according to the colours of the planets associated with particular days.

</doc>
<doc id="21504069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504069" title="Zemono">
Zemono

Zemono () is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley north of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The Zemono Manor, built on a small hill above the settlement, is a 17th-century manor house. Unusually for the area, it is built in the Palladian style with a rectangular floor plan. The renovated building is surrounded by a park and vineyards.

</doc>
<doc id="21504091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504091" title="Anders Buen">
Anders Buen

Anders Johnsen Buen (24 February 1864 – 17 July 1933) was a Norwegian typographer, newspaper editor, trade unionist and politician. He belonged to the Norwegian Labour Party from the start, being party secretary as well as editor of the party organs "Social-Demokraten" and "Ny Tid", but politically he was described as a "reformist pragmatic", and was thus a member of the breakaway Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway from 1921 to 1927.
Early life and education.
Buen was born in Gransherad as the son of farmer Jon Olsen Buen (1823–1906) and his wife Aslaug Olsdatter (1826–1906). He finished primary school, and attended a secondary school in Vang, Hedmark for two years, before entering apprenticeship as a book printer at W.C. Fabritius in Kristiania in 1879. He then educated himself, and worked, as a typographer.
Labour movement.
In 1885 Buen was among the founders of the association "Socialdemokratisk Forening". The association took control over the newspaper "Vort Arbeide" ('Our Work'), founded in 1884 by Christian Holtermann Knudsen, and Buen was hired there as a journalist. The name was changed from "Vort Arbeide" to "Social-Demokraten" ('The Social Democrat') in 1886. Buen was appointed editor-in-chief of "Social-Demokraten" in 1900, and as this was the main organ for the Labour Party, Buen became party secretary as well. He also chaired his local trade union from 1897 to 1898, and served one term in Kristiania city council from 1901 to 1903.
In 1903 a conflict in the party forced the retreat of Buen as editor-in-chief. He was also replaced as party secretary. Instead, he was sent to Trondhjem to edit the party organ in that city, "Ny Tid". He served as a member of Trondhjem city council from 1907 to 1910 and from 1913 to his death. He was also elected to the first session of the Norwegian Parliament in 1906, 1909, 1912, 1915 and 1918, representing the single-member constituency of Lademoen. He led the Labour Party parliamentary group from 1913 to 1921, and from 1919 to 1921 he served as President of the Storting.
In the meantime Buen had been succeeded as editor of "Ny Tid" by Martin Tranmæl. Tranmæl belonged to the radical wing of the Labour Party, and in 1921 the moderate wing broke out to form the Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway, due to disagreements over the Labour Party's membership in the Comintern and adaption of the Twenty-one Conditions. Buen, described as a "reformist pragmatic", joined the Social Democratic Labour Party. From 1922 to 1927 he edited the newspaper "Trøndelag Social-Demokrat", which can be considered an offshoot of "Ny Tid". Labour Party had officially scrapped the Twenty-one Conditions in 1923, and in 1927 the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled, and reunited. "Trøndelag Social-Demokrat" was disestablished, but since "Ny Tid" had been usurped when the Communist Party of Norway broke away from the Labour Party in 1923, the Labour Party organ in Trondhjem was now "Arbeider-Avisen". Buen worked as a journalist here for a few years. He also managed the local branch of Norges Bank from 1916 to his death in 1933, and had been a member of the board of the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate from 1921 to 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="21504097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504097" title="Mister Ajikko">
Mister Ajikko

Plot.
Ajiyoshi Youichi is a culinary prodigy who manages a restaurant with his mother. One day, Murata Genjirou appears in the restaurant and is surprised at the delicious taste and delicate culinary skills of the katsu-don prepared by Youichi. Subsequently, Youichi is invited to the Ajiou (literally meaning taste emperor) Building in which he is involved in a spaghetti match with the in-house Italian chef, Marui. Youichi's novel culinary ideas, coupled with his enthusiasm of serving the best for his guests, allow him to defeat Marui in the match. From then on, Youichi begins to compete with other rivals in the race for the best tastes and dishes.
Characters.
Hinode Eatery.
Meaning "sunrise" the Hinode eatery is a local restaurant in an unnamed part of Tokyo where Ajiou Company is also based. It serves cheap, simple Japanese fare and is largely patronized by working-class people. 
Ajiyoshi Youichi (味吉陽一)
Youichi is the young head chef of his family's restaurant, he is passionately devoted to cooking and coming up with new and interesting culinary creations. His age is never directly stated but he wears a generic middle school uniform which puts him somewhere between the ages of 11-14. Showing a great level of cooking skill at a young age, Youichi's mother lets him take over cooking at the restaurant as she admits he's better than she is at it. He first encounters Murata Genjirou (usually referred to as Ajiou-sama) in the first volume/episode of the series when the surly company head stops in on a whim. After impressing him with a super-thick katsudon (pork cutlet), Ajiou invites Youichi to the Ajiou Building where through a series of comical events he runs afoul of the head of Ajiou's Italian cooking department, Chef Marui. After winning a spaghetti battle against the chef, Youichi's reputation as a "genius boy cook" becomes more widespread. He spends the rest of the series in a succession of cooking battles brought about by circumstance, direct challenges, or tournaments. He is strongly dedicated to Hinode, as well as his friends at school. However, this dedication and pride is also his main fault. He cannot take having Hinode or his skill as a cook insulted; and finds it impossible to back down from direct challenges. Youichi's mother calls this tendency his "sickness" and it gets him into trouble several times, all of which have to be resolved through a cooking competition. 
Ajiyoshi Noriko (味吉法子)
Youichi's mother and the current owner of the Hinode Eatery after her husband died. Noriko runs everything about the restaurant except for the cooking which she leaves to her son, unless he has left on some cooking related trip. A good cook herself, he often has her taste his dishes before hand to get her opinion on what he has done. She remarks that Youichi is very much like her late husband in personality, as well has his passion for cooking and supports him whenever he has to go and compete.
Ajiyoshi Takao (味吉隆男)
Youichi's deceased father. It is never revealed exactly what he died of, but that it was about five years before the story starts. Takao was apparently known for being both an excellent chef and passionate about cooking. He left behind a book of recipes and cooking techniques that Youichi refers to in times of need.
Yamaoka Mitsuko (山岡みつ子)
Youichi's classmate. Mitsuko works part-time at Hinode as a waitress in part as a favor to Youichi's mother and in part because she wants to be close to Youichi (who is largely unaware and uninterested in romance). She gets jealous if other girls take his attention. She is not a terribly good cook, but does her best to support Youichi and is often part of the group who taste tests his dishes. She only appears in the anime and is also there to help advance the explanation of whatever unusual cooking techniques are being used in the battle. 
Yamaoka Shigeru (山岡しげる)
Shigeru is Mitsuko's little brother. He appears to be in early elementary school. He hangs out at the Hinode Eatery because he gets free food and he likes Youichi's cooking better than Mitsuko's. He also does a lot of taste testing and only appears in the anime.
Ajiou Company.
The Ajiou Company is the largest conglomerate of chefs and cooks in the country. While it is never directly stated what the Ajiou Group does, it can be assumed they have restaurant chains, training schools, and other products related to cooking.
Head of the Ajiou group, it's stated that Ajiou-sama has been the head of the cooking world in Japan for the last thirty years. An accomplished chef with a discerning tongue, he oversees his empire directly and awards talent when he finds it. He is recognizable by his grey hair, beard, and mustache; and his Japanese style clothing. After he encounters Youichi, he becomes very interested in him, possibly as additional talent or a successor. He often shows up wherever Youichi is doing battle, sometimes going so far as to provide the facilities. He also decides to start holding the "Ajiou Company Grand Prix Contest", a cooking competition for young and upcoming chefs. Of the two times it is held in the manga, Youichi ties for the title in the first one and wins out right the second time.
Tareme (垂目)
Ajiou's personal secretary, he isn't seen much in the series. He wears a suit and carries a brief case. He is responsible for accompanying Ajiou-sama wherever he goes, and presumably takes care of things like bills at restaurants and arranging transportation and such. His name means droopy eyes. 
Chef Marui (丸井シェフ)
Head of the Italian cooking department at the Ajiou Company. He is a short, rotund man with a thick black mustache (the name Marui may be a nod to Mario, from the Super Mario Bros. game series). Marui meets Youichi when the boy is mistakenly put in his Italian cooking class where he upstages the famous chef over the best way to cook al dente pasta. In response, Marui demands a spaghetti battle between him and Youichi from Ajiou-sama. After he's beaten, Marui accepts defeat gracefully and becomes one of Youichi's strongest supporters, next to Ajiou-sama. He tends to check in and advise Youichi during the preparation before battles and has also helped out at Hinode while Youichi has been absent due to training or competitions. There are some small indications that he may be attracted to Noriko, but it is never explored in the manga.
Shimonaka Motoyuki (下仲素之)
Head of the French cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Shimonaka is much younger than the other department heads. He has blond hair that flips up at the bottom. He was formally trained in France and is the only member of the Ajiou Company department heads who competes in the GP Contest. He is defeated in the second round and returns to France to train. Upon his return he is dead set on defeating Youichi, but ultimately while he comes to respect and consider Youichi a friend, he is never successful.
Shiba Hiroyuki (芝裕之)
Head of the Japanese cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Shiba is an older gentleman with light hair that he wears brushed back. He also wears Japanese style clothing. Shiba is usually a judge during any of the battles involving the Ajiou Company and helps judge the very last battle which is between Youichi and Ajiou-sama himself.
Sekiba Takeo (関場武雄)
Head of the German cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Sekiba has short, dark, curly hair that is receding. He wears a cravat under a collared coat. Sekiba is another judge during any of the battles involving the Ajiou Company. Youichi helps him defend the Ajiou Company's reputation in a bratwurst battle.
Yonemoto Seidou (米本精道)
Head of the Chinese cooking department at the Ajiou Company. Yonemoto has black hair and eyes that always look like they're closed. He tends to wear suits. He is the last of the judges during any of the battles involving the Ajiou Company.
Aji Shougun Group.
Literally meaning the "Taste General Group" The Aji Shougun Group is a less reputable company similar to Ajiou; bent on driving many of the local restaurants (including Hinode) in Youichi's neighborhood out of business. Though they make good food, they also try to use flashy decorations or gimmicks like trailer trucks to attract more customers. Whenever one of members of this group shows up, the restaurant shop owner in danger usually comes to Youichi for help.
Other Rivals.
Youichi has many one off battles over the course of the series, however; there are several chefs whom he faces multiple times and considers to be personal rivals.
Sakai Kazuma (堺一馬)
Sakai is also considered to be a "genius boy chef". Like Youichi, he is short with dark hair, but is mainly recognizable by his one fang when he smiles or opens his mouth. Youichi first encounters him for the first time in defense of Hinode. Sakai is working for someone who wants to buy the building and put up a high rise restaurant. The two compete in a curry battle, which Youichi wins. They face off several more times, including during both GP Contests. Youichi wins most of these matches, although they did tie for first in the first GP Contest.
Konishi Kazuya (小西和也)
Konishi is an adult who has a specialty in cooking meat. He has shaggy dark hair and a large chin with a pronounced cleft in it. Youichi first runs into him during a steak contest (the winner would get a year's worth of steak for their restaurant). Konishi lost thanks to Youichi's clever use of a specially made heated steak plate. Angry and embarrassed, he vows to face Youichi again. They meet again at the GP Contest, where Konishi is the first to be eliminated. He takes this loss with a little more dignity and becomes one of the cast members who regularly appears to watch Youichi compete and occasionally help out at Hinode
Nakae Hirota (中江兵太)
Nakae is a man in his early twenties. Based in Kyuushu, he his very passionate and devoted to growing his own ingredients and making good food. Nakae is quite tall and bulky, with long dark hair and usually has a band aid over the bridge of his nose. Nakae differs from many of Youichi's other rivals in that he is very good natured and pleasant. In their first encounter, Nakae actually beats Youichi, but there is no ill will and they meet again in the second GP Contest, where he loses in the last round over a steak battle. Nakae also has a couple of friends who challenge Youichi, but both lose.
Ryuu Kohou (劉虎峰)
Ryuu is a high school aged boy and cooking prodigy from Hong Kong. Ryuu has spiky hair that is dark at the top and light at the bottom. He wears a white Chinese style coat. He and Youichi meet during a trip the latter takes to Hong Kong with a family friend. Ryuu and Youichi have several match ups in Hong Kong which go either way, but he is eliminated in the second round of the second GP contest. He appears a couple times more, and once or twice actually assists Youichi in whatever he's doing.
Anime production staff.
Songs.
Opening Theme:
Ending Theme:

</doc>
<doc id="21504114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504114" title="Talatal Ghar">
Talatal Ghar

The Talatal Ghar ( ) is located in Rangpur, 4 km from present-day Sivasagar, in Upper Assam. Of all Ahom ruins, it is one of the grandest examples of Ahom architecture. The Talatal Ghar, together with its above-ground counterpart the Kareng Ghar, is also the largest of all Ahom monuments.
History.
Swargadeo Rudra Singha shifted the capital of the Ahom Kingdom from Garhgaon to Rangpur in AD 1702-03. For about a century thereafter, Rangpur remained the capital. It is located in the western part of Sivasagar. The earliest constructions were commissioned by Swargadeo Rudra Singha in AD 1698. Rangpur was not only the capital of the Ahom Kingdom but also served as its military-station.
Architecture.
The Talatal Ghar is a palace which was initially built as an army base. It houses two secret tunnels, and three floors below ground level which were used as exit routes during the Ahom wars (and which give the structure its name).
After Swargadeo Rudra Singha's death the Talatal Ghar, which together with the above-ground Kareng Ghar constitutes the "Rangpur Palace", went through many architectural alterations to its structure, which resulted in its irregular shape.
Rangpur Palace
Talatal Ghar
Kareng Ghar
Visitors nowadays can only view the ground floor, the first floor, and what remains of the 2nd and 3rd floors of the Kareng Ghar. The floors of the Talatal Ghar below ground have been sealed off, and most of the wooden parts of the palace have disappeared over time.
The Rangpur Palace was once surrounded by a brick fortification and an earthen fort (Garh) with dikes filled with water. There is a Khar Ghar (gunpowder and ammunition store) near the palace.

</doc>
<doc id="21504137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504137" title="Ernesto Maceda">
Ernesto Maceda

Ernesto M. Maceda is a columnist and a Filipino politician who served as a Senator from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1987 to 1998. He served as Senate President from 1996 to 1998.
Early life and career.
Maceda was born on March 26, 1935 in Pagsanjan, Laguna. Maceda earned his associate in Arts degree, Magna Cum Laude in 1952, and bachelor of Laws degree, Cum Laude, from the Ateneo de Manila University in 1956. He then finished Master of Laws, Taxation and International Law at Harvard Law School, Massachusetts, USA in 1957.
At the age of 23, he was hailed as the No. 1 Councilor of Manila in 1959. Because of his numerous achievements in the City Council, Councilor Maceda was named “Outstanding Councilor of Manila". In 1966, he served as the Presidential Assistant on Community Development and was the youngest Cabinet Member of the Marcos administration. In 1969, he was appointed Executive Secretary in concurrent capacity as Chairman of the Commission on Reorganization. In 1970, the Commerce and Industry portfolio was given to Maceda. In the post, he launched consumer protection programs and established trade relations with various Eastern European Social countries.
Senator of the Philippines.
First term (1971–1972).
During the 1971 midterm elections, Maceda was only one out of three senators elected under the banner of the Nacionalista party of then-President Ferdinand Marcos. He took office on December 30, 1971. In 1972, Maceda’s bill granting protection to real estate buyers on installment basis was the only bill signed into law before Martial Law was proclaimed. The bill is known as the Maceda Law. His term was supposed to have ended on December 30, 1977. He then went to exile in the United States after breaking with President Marcos over the Martial Law declaration and eventually became the adviser of the late Sen. Benigno S. Aquino. Following Sen. Aquino's assassination, he became one of the leaders of the opposition during the 1984 Batasan Pambansa Campaign and the 1986 snap presidential election.
Second term (1987–1992).
When Corazon Aquino was installed as President of the Philippines, he was appointed to head the Ministry of Natural Resources. The following year, he ran for the Senate under the Corazon Aquino's ticket and won. He served his second term as Senator from June 30, 1987 to June 30, 1992.
Third term (1992–1998).
During the 1992 general elections, Senator Maceda was re-elected under the Nationalist People's Coalition, which was a faction that bolted from the Nacionalista Party, headed by former Tarlac Governor Danding Cojuangco. Placing sixth in the senatorial race, he took office as Senator for a third time and served from June 30, 1992 to June 30, 1998. In his third term, he served as Senate President from 1996–1998.
Senate Presidency.
On October 10, 1996, the Senate was re-organized and Maceda was installed as Senate President succeeding Neptali A. Gonzales, Sr. In November of that year, Senate President Maceda delivered a speech denouncing the PEA-Amari Scandal – calling the same as the ""grandmother of all scams"". The PEA-Amari Scandal was a controversial deal involved the acquisition of 158 hectares of reclaimed land on Manila Bay that was to be converted into so-called Freedom Islands. The deal was forged as part of the Ramos administration's Manila Bay Master Development Plan (MBMDP). During this time, he was also nicknamed "Mr.Expose." by the Philippine Free Press.
Post-Senate Presidency.
After his term in the Senate ended, Maceda was appointed Philippine Ambassador to the United States (1998–2001) by President Joseph Estrada.
In the 2004 elections, Maceda run for Senator,under the Koalisyon ng Nagkakaisang Pilipino of presidential candidate Fernando Poe, Jr., but lost.
In 2007, he joined the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila and became one of the professors of the PLM College of Law. Maceda holds the distinction of being the only Filipino to have held 5 Cabinet Positions in his lifetime.
He writes a column for the Philippine Star, entitled "Search For Truth" every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. He also hosts his radio talkshow "Mr. Expose" on radio station DZRJ 810 AM every Sunday from 8:00–9:30 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="21504150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504150" title="Thricops semicinereus">
Thricops semicinereus

Thricops semicinereus is a species of fly which is widely distribution across the Palaearctic. 

</doc>
<doc id="21504155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504155" title="Jazzberry Ram">
Jazzberry Ram

Jazzberry Ram is an independent Canadian band which toured internationally between 1993 and 2003. They completed 14 Canadian and 4 US tours, playing alongside RUN DMC, Great Big Sea, Nazareth, Big Sugar, Wide Mouth Mason and many more well known acts. In addition to releasing 4 official albums, they made available several live recordings of their live shows.The four albums in chronological order are SuperFishyAllahTea, Jr. Adventure Hr., That Sound We Make and Landshark. SuperFishyAllahTea was a grassroots indie hit in Canada selling 10000 copies. Jazzberry's most popular song is Pablo Jack Horner. Jazzberry Ram released three 
videos for the songs Pablo Jack Horner, Small Screen and Free Beer. Jazzberry Ram also opened for Nazareth in Salmon Arm, BC and co- headlined the main stage of the Dawson City Music Festival with The Rheostatics in 2001. Their songs have appeared in films (Snakehead Terror) and TV shows (Higher Ground, Ratz) and the band made their acting debut on Chris Isaac's TV show The Chris Isaac Show as an uptight pop band called Sparrow. The band still performs in their home town of Vancouver, BC, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21504167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504167" title="Humanyun Mosque">
Humanyun Mosque

Humanyun Mosque is situated in the village of Kachhpura in Agra on the left bank of River Yamuna. 
History.
Though this mosque has not been mentioned in texts related to Mughal period, it one of the earliest monuments of Mughal period corresponding to the beginning phase of Mughal architecture in India. According to the Persian inscriptions on this monument, this mosque was constructed in 1530, when Humayun ascended the throne.
Mughal Emperor Babur is buried here.
Architecture.
The mosque is a handsome Panchmukhi (five-arched) structure with and a high iwan which conceals the dome on top of the central nave, which is supported on kite-shaped pendentives and net squinches. There are double-aisled wings on either side of the central nave. The brick and mortar building had been plastered originally and one can still see that its facade was once adorned with glazed tiles.

</doc>
<doc id="21504168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504168" title="Verhoeff">
Verhoeff

Verhoeff is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21504176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504176" title="List of Philippine musical instruments">
List of Philippine musical instruments

Philippine musical instruments:

</doc>
<doc id="21504206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504206" title="Rachel Grepp">
Rachel Grepp

Rachel Grepp, née Helland (1879 – 1961) was a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party.
She was among the founders of Bergens Socialdemokratiske Ungdomslag in 1902. From 1923 to 1945 she was a journalist in "Arbeiderbladet", a member of Oslo city council as well as international secretary and member of the women's secretariat in the Labour Party. These positions were "de facto" suspended from 1940 due to the German occupation of Norway.
She was the Labour Party's eighth ballot candidate in the 1924 parliamentary election and the eighth ballot candidate in the 1927 election. This time she was elected as fourth deputy.
She was married to Kyrre Grepp (1879–1922). Their daughter Gerda Grepp (1907–1940) was a Spanish Civil War correspondent, their son Ole Grepp (1914–1976) was an actor, and their son Asle Grepp (1919–1945) was executed as a Norwegian World War II resistance member.

</doc>
<doc id="21504222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504222" title="Four Nations Futsal Tournament (Maputo, Mozambique)">
Four Nations Futsal Tournament (Maputo, Mozambique)

Four Nations Futsal Tournament (Maputo, Mozambique) is an international friendly championship in futsal. The tournament was held in Maputo, Mozambique from 27 to 29 of April 2006. The championship was played in Maxaquene sports venue
Source.
Futsal Planet

</doc>
<doc id="21504224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504224" title="New, Improved Recording">
New, Improved Recording

New, Improved Recording is a recording studio in Oakland, California, near the borders of Emeryville and Berkeley in the San Francisco Bay Area of Northern California.
History.
First established in 2003 by Bay Area musicians/engineers Eli Crews and John Finkbeiner, New, Improved Recording became home to many well known independent productions. The studio was once home to En Vogue but found a radical change in sound and clientele once turned over. The studio employs both analog and digital recording, allowing a wide range of engineers, musicians and projects to work there. 
Some of the more notable acts to have used the studio include: Deerhoof, Beulah, Thee More Shallows, Why?, Erase Errata, Mike Watt, Rogue Wave, Subtle, Anathallo, The Ebb and Flow, Scrabbel, Society of Rockets, Crime, XBXRX, and Love Is Chemicals.

</doc>
<doc id="21504235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504235" title="Actor">
Actor

An actor (alternatively actress for a female; see terminology) is a person portraying a character in a dramatic or comic production; he or she performs in: film, television, theatre, or radio. Actor, "(hypokrites)", literally means "one who interprets"; an actor, then, is one who interprets a dramatic character.
Terminology.
After 1660 in England, when women first started to appear on stage, an "actor" or "actress" were initially used interchangeably for female performers, but later, influenced by the French "actrice", "actress" became the usual term. The etymology is a simple derivation from "actor" with "ess" added. Within the profession, the re-adoption of the neutral term dates to the 1950s–60s, the post-war period when women's contribution to cultural life in general was being re-evaluated. "Actress" remains the common term used in major acting awards given to female recipients.
With regards to the cinema of the United States, the gender-neutral term "player" was common in film in the early days of the Motion Picture Production Code; it is now generally deemed archaic. However, 'player' remains in use in the theatre, often incorporated into the name of a theatre group, or company, (such as the East West Players).
History.
The first recorded case of a performing actor occurred in 534 BC (though the changes in calendar over the years make it hard to determine exactly) when the Greek performer Thespis stepped on to the stage at the "Theatre Dionysus" to become the first known person to speak words as a character in a play or story. Prior to Thespis' act, stories were only expressed in song, dance, and in third person narrative. In honor of Thespis, actors are commonly called "Thespians". To this day, theatrical legend maintains Thespis is a mischievous spirit; disasters in the theatre are sometimes blamed on his ghostly intervention.
Traditionally, actors were not of high status; therefore, in the Early Middle Ages traveling acting troupes were often viewed with distrust. In many parts of Europe, traditional beliefs of the region and time period meant actors could not receive a Christian burial, which left an actor forever condemned. In the 19th and 20th centuries, this negative perception was largely reversed as acting became an honored, popular profession, and art.
Techniques.
Method acting.
Method acting is a term created by Lee Strasberg after leaving the Group Theatre to create his own Actors Studio. The Group Theatre first became known in the 1930s; its practices were subsequently advanced and developed in new directions by Stella Adler, Sanford Meisner, Uta Hagen, Lee Strasberg (at the Actors Studio in the 1940s and 50s), and others.
The techniques developed in the work of the Group Theatre were based on the acting theory of Konstantin Stanislavski. In the early 20th century, he created his work at the Moscow Art Theatre and its studios. In Stanislavski's system, an actor analyzes the character to play him or her with psychological realism and emotional authenticity. Using this Method to identify with the portrayed character an actor may recall emotions or reactions from his or her own life.
Method actors sometimes immerse themselves so completely in a character such that she or he continues to portray a character off-stage or off-camera for the duration of the project. Although some actors employ this approach, it is generally not taught as part of the Method. Stella Adler, who, along with Strasberg, was a member of the Group Theatre, emphasized a different approach to using creative imagination.
In short, method acting is a system to train and develop an actor's sensory, psychological, and emotional abilities; it revolutionized theatre in the United States.
Presentational and representational acting.
Presentational acting refers to a relationship between actor and audience, whether by direct address or indirectly by specific use of language, looks, gestures or other signs indicating that the character or actor is aware of the audience's presence. (Shakespeare's use of punning and wordplay, for example, often has this function of indirect contact.)
In representational acting, "actors want to make us 'believe' they are the character; they pretend." The illusion of the fourth wall with the audience as voyeurs is striven for.
As opposite sex.
Formerly, in some societies, only men could become actors. In ancient Greece and Rome and the medieval world, it was considered disgraceful for a woman to go on stage; this belief persisted until the 17th century, in Venice. In the time of William Shakespeare, women's roles were generally played by men or boys.
When an eighteen-year Puritan prohibition of drama was lifted after the English Restoration of 1660, women began to appear on stage in England. Margaret Hughes is oft credited as the first professional actress on the English stage. This prohibition ended during the reign of Charles II in part due to the fact that he enjoyed watching actresses on stage. The first occurrence of the term "actress" was in 1700 according to the OED and is ascribed to Dryden.
In Japan, men (onnagata) took over the female roles in kabuki theatre when women were banned from performing on stage during the Edo period. This convention continues. However, some forms of Chinese drama involve women playing all roles.
In modern times, women occasionally played the roles of prepubescent boys. For example, the stage role of Peter Pan, is traditionally played by a woman, as are most principal boys in British pantomime. Opera has several "breeches roles" traditionally sung by women, usually mezzo-sopranos. Examples are Hansel in "Hänsel und Gretel", Cherubino in "The Marriage of Figaro" and Octavian in Der Rosenkavalier.
Women playing male roles are uncommon in film, with notable exceptions. In 1982, Stina Ekblad played the mysterious Ismael Retzinsky in "Fanny and Alexander", and Linda Hunt received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing Billy Kwan in "The Year of Living Dangerously". In 2007, Cate Blanchett was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing Jude Quinn, a 1960s representation of Bob Dylan, in "I'm Not There".
In modern times, women playing men in live theatre is particularly common in presentations of older plays, such as Shakespearean works with large numbers of male characters in roles where gender is inconsequential.
Having an actor dress as the opposite sex for comic effect is also a long-standing tradition in comic theatre and film. Most of Shakespeare's comedies include instances of overt cross-dressing, such as Francis Flute in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". The movie "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum" stars Jack Gilford dressing as a young bride. Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon famously posed as women to escape gangsters in the Billy Wilder film "Some Like It Hot". Cross-dressing for comic effect was a frequently used device in most of the thirty Carry On films. Dustin Hoffman and Robin Williams have each appeared in a hit comedy film ("Tootsie" and "Mrs. Doubtfire", respectively) in which they played most scenes dressed as a woman.
Occasionally, the issue is further complicated, for example, by a woman playing a woman acting as a man—who then pretends to be a woman, such as Julie Andrews in "Victor/Victoria", or Gwyneth Paltrow in "Shakespeare in Love". In "", filmwatchers never learn the gender of the androgynous main characters Pat and Chris (played by Julia Sweeney and Dave Foley). Similarly, in the aforementioned example of The Marriage of Figaro, there is a scene in which Cherubino (a male character portrayed by a woman) dresses up and acts as a woman; the other characters in the scene are aware of a single level of gender role obfuscation, while the audience is aware of two levels.
A few modern roles are played by a member of the opposite sex in order to emphasize the gender fluidity of the role. Edna Turnblad in "Hairspray" was played by Divine in the 1988 original film, Harvey Fierstein in the Broadway musical, and John Travolta in the 2007 movie musical. Felicity Huffman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for playing Bree Osbourne (a male-to-female transsexual) in 2005's "Transamerica".
Types.
Actors working in theatre, film, television and radio have to learn specific skills. Techniques that work well in one type of acting may not work well in another type of acting.
In theatre.
To act on stage, actors need to learn the stage directions that appear in the script, such as "Stage Left" and "Stage Right". These directions are based on the actor's point of view as he or she stands on the stage facing the audience. Actors also have to learn the meaning of the stage directions "Upstage" (away from the audience) and "Downstage" (towards the audience)
Theatre actors need to learn blocking, which is "...where and how an actor moves on the stage during a play." 
Most scripts specify some blocking. The Director will also give instructions on blocking, such as crossing the stage or picking up and using a prop.
Theatre actors need to learn stage combat, which is simulated fighting on stage. Actors may have to simulate "hand-to-hand or with sword[-fighting." Actors are coached by fight directors, who help them to learn the choreographed sequence of fight actions.
In film.
D. W. Griffith first developed of acting that would "suit the cinema rather than the theater." He realized that theatrical acting did not look good on film. Griffith required his actors and actresses to go through weeks of film acting training.
Film actors have to learn to get used to and be comfortable with a camera being in front of them.
Film actors need to learn to find and stay on their "mark." This is a position on the floor marked with tape. This position is where the lights and camera focus are optimized. Film actors also need to learn how to prepare well and perform well on screen tests. Screen tests are a filmed audition of part of the script.
"Unlike the theater actor, who gets to develop a character during...a two- or three-hour performance, the film actor lacks continuity, forcing him or her to come to all the scenes (often shot in reverse order in which they'll ultimately appear) with a character already fully developed."
"Since film captures even the smallest gesture and magnifies it..., cinema demands a less flamboyant and stylized bodily performance from the actor than does the theater." "The performance of emotion is the most difficult aspect of film acting to master: ...the film actor must rely on subtle facial ticks, quivers, and tiny lifts of the eyebrow to create a believable character." Some theatre stars "...have made the theater-to-cinema transition quite successfully (Olivier, Glenn Close, and Julie Andrews, for instance), others have not..."
In television.
"On a television set, there are typically several cameras angled at the set. Actors who are new to on-screen acting can get confused about which camera to look into." TV actors need to learn to use lav mics (Lavaliere microphones). TV actors need to understand the concept of "frame." "The term frame refers to the area that the camera's lens is capturing."
In radio.
Radio drama is a dramatized, purely acoustic performance, broadcast on radio or published on audio media, such as tape or CD. With no visual component, radio drama depends on dialogue, music and sound effects to help the listener imagine the characters and story: “It is auditory in the physical dimension but equally powerful as a visual force in the psychological dimension.”
Radio drama achieved widespread popularity within a decade of its initial development in the 1920s. By the 1940s, it was a leading international popular entertainment. With the advent of television in the 1950s, however, radio drama lost some of its popularity, and in some countries has never regained large audiences. However, recordings of OTR (old-time radio) survive today in the audio archives of collectors and museums, as well as several online sites such as Internet Archive.
As of 2011, radio drama has a minimal presence on terrestrial radio in the United States. Much of American radio drama is restricted to rebroadcasts or podcasts of programs from previous decades. However, other nations still have thriving traditions of radio drama. In the United Kingdom, for example, the BBC produces and broadcasts hundreds of new radio plays each year on Radio 3, Radio 4, and Radio 4 Extra. Podcasting has also offered the means of creating new radio dramas, in addition to the distribution of vintage programs.
The terms "audio drama" or "audio theatre" are sometimes used synonymously with "radio drama" with one possible distinction: audio drama or audio theatre may not necessarily be intended specifically for broadcast on radio. Audio drama, whether newly produced or OTR classics, can be found on CDs, cassette tapes, podcasts, webcasts and conventional broadcast radio.
Thanks to advances in digital recording and Internet distribution, radio drama is experiencing a revival.

</doc>
<doc id="21504253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504253" title="Elphas Mukonoweshuro">
Elphas Mukonoweshuro

Elphas Mukonoweshuro was a Zimbabwean political scientist and politician. A former University of Zimbabwe Dean of Social Studies, he was the Movement for Democratic Change-Tsvangirai member of parliament for Gutu South in Masvingo Province. He died after a short illness in South Africa on 5 August 2011.
On 10 February 2009, Morgan Tsvangirai designated Mukonoweshuro for the position of Minister of Public Service as part of the Zimbabwe Government of National Unity of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21504280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504280" title="Frank Daly">
Frank Daly

Francis Joseph "Frank" Daly (1884 – 18 February 1950) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1943 general election, and was re-elected at the 1944 general election. He did not contest the 1948 general election. He served as Lord Mayor of Cork from 1930–32.

</doc>
<doc id="21504284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504284" title="Langre ki Chauki">
Langre ki Chauki

Langre ki chauki is a place in Agra. It links Vijay Nagar to the Grand Trunk Road.
There is a famous temple of Lord Hanuman. It is a siddha temple where it is believed that Hanuman is always present during the citation of holy book Ramayan.
The temple was established by a great devotee of Hanuman - the lagre baba. It is said that the presence of the founder baba is still felt today during the early hour of the morning.
It is an important and spiritual place for the Hindu and Hanuman devotees.

</doc>
<doc id="21504289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504289" title="Maud de Braose, Baroness Mortimer">
Maud de Braose, Baroness Mortimer

Maud de Braose, Baroness Mortimer (1224 – shortly before 23 March 1301) was a noble heiress, and one of the most important, being a member of the powerful de Braose family which held many lordships and domains in the Welsh Marches. She was the wife of Roger Mortimer, 1st Baron Mortimer, a celebrated soldier and Marcher baron.
A staunch Royalist during the Second Barons' War, she devised the plan to rescue Prince Edward (the future King Edward I of England) from the custody of Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester.
She is sometimes referred to as Matilda de Braose.
Family.
Maud was born in Wales in 1224, the second eldest daughter and co-heiress of Marcher lord William de Braose and Eva Marshal.
Maud had three sisters, Isabella, wife of Prince Dafydd ap Llywelyn; Eva, wife of William de Cantilupe; and Eleanor, wife of Humphrey de Bohun.
Her paternal grandparents were Reginald de Braose and Grecia de Briwere, and her maternal grandparents were William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke, and Isabel de Clare, 4th Countess of Pembroke, daughter of Strongbow and Aoife of Leinster.
On 2 May 1230, when Maud was just six years old, her father was hanged by orders of Llewelyn the Great, Prince of Wales for alleged adultery with the latter's wife, Joan, Lady of Wales.
Marriage and inheritance.
In 1247 Maud married Roger Mortimer of Wigmore. An old manuscript (written in Latin) describing the foundation of Wigmore Abbey recorded that "Rog (secundus)...Radulphi et Gwladusae filius" wed "Matildem de Brewys, filiam domini Willielmi de Brewys domini de Breghnoc". As the eldest son of Ralph de Mortimer and his Welsh wife, Princess Gwladys Ddu, Roger was himself a scion of another important Marcher family, and had succeeded his father in 1246, upon the latter's death. He was created 1st Baron Mortimer (of Wigmore) on an unknown date. Maud was seven years his senior, and they had been betrothed since childhood. He was the grandson of Llewelyn, Prince of Wales, the man who had ordered the execution of her father.
Maud's inheritance was one quarter of one third of the barony of Miles of Gloucester and the lordship of Radnor, Wales. On the occasion of their marriage, the honour of Radnor passed from the de Braose to the Mortimer family, and her marriage portion was some land at Tetbury which she inherited from her grandfather, Reginald de Braose. She also had inherited the Manor of Charlton sometime before her marriage, as well as four knight's fees in Ireland, which passed to Roger. Roger and Maud's principal residence was the Mortimers' family seat, Wigmore Castle in Herefordshire.
Issue.
Roger and Maud together had at least six children:
The Second Barons' War.
Rescue of Prince Edward.
Maud was described as beautiful and nimble-witted. She, like all medieval women, was expected to govern her husband's estates, manage his business affairs, arbitrate in tenants' disputes, and defend the family property during the times he was absent. These tasks Maud performed with great skill and efficiency.
During the Second Barons' War, she also proved to be a staunch Royalist and was instrumental in rallying the other Marcher lords to the side of King Henry III. It was Maud herself who devised a plan for the escape of Prince Edward after he had been taken hostage by Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester following the Battle of Lewes. On 28 May 1265, when the Prince was held in custody at Hereford Castle, Maud sent a party of horsemen to carry him away to Wigmore Castle while he was out in the open fields, some distance from the castle, taking exercise by racing horses with his unsuspecting guardians as she had instructed him to do in the messages she had smuggled to him previously. At a signal from one of the horsemen, Edward galloped off to join the party of his liberators, and they escorted him to Wigmore Castle, twenty miles away, where Maud was waiting. She supplied the Prince with food and drink before sending him on to Ludlow Castle where he met up with the Earl of Gloucester who had defected to the side of the King.
Simon de Montfort.
At the Battle of Evesham on 4 August 1265, Maud's husband Roger fought on the side of Prince Edward, and personally killed Simon de Montfort. As a reward, Roger was given de Montfort's severed head and other parts of his anatomy, including his genitals. Roger sent these gruesome trophies home to Wigmore Castle as a gift to Maud. The noted medieval historian Robert of Gloucester confirmed this by recording, "To dam Maud the Mortimer that wel foule it ssende". She held a great feast that very night to celebrate the victory, and de Montfort's head was elevated in the Great Hall, still attached to the point of the lance.
Legacy.
In 1300, Maud is recorded as having presented to a vacant benefice in the Stoke Bliss parish church in Herefordshire, its advowson having originally belonged to the Mortimers, but was bequeathed to Limebrook Priory by Roger.
Maud died on an unknown date shortly before 23 March 1301, and she was buried in Wigmore Abbey. Her husband Roger had died on 30 October 1282.
All the monarchs of England from 1413, as well as Mary, Queen of Scots, were directly descended from Maud, as is the current British Royal Family. Queen consorts Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, Catherine Howard, and Catherine Parr were also notable descendants of Maud de Braose through the latter's daughter Isabella, Countess of Arundel. Queen consorts Jane Seymour and Catherine Parr also descended from Maud's son, Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer.
Maud de Braose was described by author Linda E. Mitchell as the "perfect example of a woman who obviated the restrictions her sex placed upon her and succeeded in placing herself squarely at the centre of the political milieu in the areas under her domestic control". Mitchell goes on to eulogise her as "one of the great architects of the late medieval March", which were the words used by Welsh historian R. R. Davies to sum up Maud's husband.

</doc>
<doc id="21504294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504294" title="Marine Protected Area Network">
Marine Protected Area Network

A Marine Protected Area Network is a network of Marine Protected Areas or Marine Reserves.
A Marine Protected Area Network can be deﬁned as "a collection of individual MPAs or reserves operating cooperatively and synergistically, at various spatial scales, and with a range of protection levels that are designed to meet objectives that a single reserve cannot achieve". Such a network can include several MPAs of different sizes, located in critical habitats, containing components of a particular habitat type or portions of different kinds of important habitats, and interconnected by the movement of animals and plant propagules.
A Marine Protected Area Network is usually established to improve fish catch, to conserve biodiversity, or for a combination of these two reasons. They are usually placed so that larvae can migrate from MPAs to other, more impacted areas. It provides a framework that unifies the central aims of conservation and fishery management, while also meeting other human needs such as maintenance of coastal water quality, shoreline protection, education, research and recreational opportunities.

</doc>
<doc id="21504299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504299" title="Adlana">
Adlana

Mouza Adlana is a town of Bhawana City a tehsil of Chiniot District of Punjab province of Pakistan. Mouza Adlana is situated at about 29 km away from Chiniot city and about 16 km from tehsil Bhowana. 
The main tribe in the village are the Jappa tribe other supporting castes include Kumar, Nai, Tarkhan, Muslim Shaikh, Lohar, Machi and Miraci.
Most people are farmers and the land is very fertile.

</doc>
<doc id="21504308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504308" title="Guido Vecchiola">
Guido Vecchiola

Guido Vecchiola Arellano (born November 16, 1973, Chañaral), is a popular Chilean actor in soap opera and film. He is of Italian and Basque descent.
Vecchiola was born in Chañaral and has two brothers. In 1993, GVecchiola joined the dramatic area staff of the Chilean TV channel UCTV. He was best known for his role in the show called "Carabineros de Chile" (1992). His television debut was in "Champaña" at 19 years old, and he later worked in "El Amor está de Moda", "Amor a Domicilio", "Adrenalina", "Eclipse de Luna", "Amándote", "Fuera de Control" and "Sabor a Tí". Later, Vecchiola took a break to live in Europa for three years, returning in 2003 to work in soap operas like "Xfea2", "Brujas", "Descarado" and "Lola", and cinema in the film "El Huésped" directed by Jorge Hidalgo.
In 2007, Vecchiola was a contestant in the TV show "Locos por el Baile", taking third place after Fabricio Vasconcelos and Catalina Pulido.

</doc>
<doc id="21504321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504321" title="List of towns in Småland, Sweden">
List of towns in Småland, Sweden

The following localities in Småland were granted a charter and town privileges from circa 1200 up until 1856:
The local government reform of 1863 made the individual charters obsolete and created the concept of municipalities in Sweden. The above mentioned localities with town priviligies were instituted as municipalities with the title of stad (city/town).
During the 20th century these localities were instituted as "städer":
After 1951 no more "städer" were instituted and the local government reform of 1971 saw the abolishment of the term, replacing it with "kommun" for all municipalities, regardless of former status.
Today there is no official definition, but in some contexts (such as "Sveriges Nationalatlas") localities with over 10,000 inhabitants are regarded as cities.
Urban areas in order of size.
Below is a list of localities in the three administrative counties of Småland with a population greater than 10,000 as of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21504334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504334" title="Home energy monitor">
Home energy monitor

A home energy monitor provides prompt, convenient feedback on electrical or other energy use. Devices may also display cost of energy used, and estimates of greenhouse gas emissions. Various studies have shown a reduction in home energy use of 4-15% through use of home energy display.
Electricity use may be measured with an inductive clamp placed around the electric main, via the electric meter (either through an optical port, or by sensing the meters actions), by communicating with a smart meter, or by direct connection to the electrical system. The display portion may be remote from the measurement, communicating with the sensor using a cable, network, power line communications, or using radio. Online displays are also available which allow the user to use an internet connected display to show near real-time consumption.
A possible means to reduce household energy consumption is to provide real-time feedback to homeowners so they can change their energy using behavior. Recently, low-cost energy feedback displays, have become available. In 2010, UK based Current Cost announced a partnership with Google PowerMeter, a free online tool that connects to Current Cost devices, enabling users to receive real-time energy information on their customised Google homepage, wherever they are. Real-time data on how much energy is being consumed in the home is sent directly to the Google PowerMeter. The free software tool then visualises the information for users to view on their own iGoogle homepage, a personal web portal which enables individuals to create and access a wide range of customisable information, web feeds and Google Gadgets.
Note Google Power Meter is now defunct.
A study using the PowerCost Monitor deployed in 500 Ontario homes by "Hydro One" showed an average 6.5% drop in total electricity use when compared with a similarly sized control group. "Hydro One" subsequently offered free power monitors to 30,000 customers based on the success of the pilot. Blue Line Innovations also indicates 100,000 units in the market today.
Another study carried out in the city of Sabadell (Spain) in 2009 using the efergy e2 in 29 households during a six-month period came to 11.8% on a weekly comparison between the first and last weeks of the campaign. On a monthly basis, the savings were 14.3%. Expected annual CO2 savings for all households is estimated to be 4.1 tonnes; projected CO2 emissions savings for 2020 are 180.6 tonnes.
In January 2009 the government of the state of Queensland, Australia began offering wireless energy monitors as part of its ClimateSmart Home Service program. By August 2009, almost 100,000 homes had signed up for the service, by August 2010 that number had risen to 200,000 homes.
In mid-2013 the government of the state of Victoria, Australia enabled Zigbee-based In-Home Displays to be connected to Victorian Smart Meter 

</doc>
<doc id="21504346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504346" title="A Little Bit of Heaven (1940 film)">
A Little Bit of Heaven (1940 film)

A Little Bit of Heaven is a 1940 musical film starring soprano singer Gloria Jean. The story casts Gloria as a young member of a large Irish working-class family who becomes a singing sensation on a local radio station. The family's new-found wealth causes some discord until the family realizes that their closeness is what they value the most.
The film's title comes from a traditional Irish song that Gloria Jean sings at a family gathering. Her 2005 biography is similarly titled: "Gloria Jean: A Little Bit of Heaven". The film is an unofficial sequel to 1939's "The Under-Pup", featuring several cast members from that film, but as different characters. The group of girls in "The Under-Pup" was called "The Penguins", and Gloria Jean sings the group's song early in this film. 

</doc>
<doc id="21504349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504349" title="Palić Zoo">
Palić Zoo

Palić zoo is a zoo and gardens founded in 1949 and located in Palić, North Serbia, a part of the City of Subotica, from the E75 Budapest – Belgrade highway.
History.
It was believed that the lake water and mud at Palić Lake had healing powers, and from the mid-1880s to the beginning of World War I, Palić was a popular spa destination. After World War II, the zoo was conceived as part of an effort to bring tourism back to the area. The zoo was opened in 1949.
Animals.
The zoo is home to about 65 species of animals, including monkeys, deer, antelope, zebras, giraffes, lions, elephants, camels, tigers, wolves, polar bears, emu, ostriches, and other birds, as well as snakes, reptiles, and tarantulas. The zoo is also home to some domesticated animals including donkeys, goats, and horses.
Landscaping.
The Zoo includes ponds and fountains, as well as more than 270 species of trees and shrubs, including Lebanon cedars, sequoias, and larch, as well as many domestic species. The northern part of the zoo is covered with evergreen trees and the southern part is predominantly deciduous. The zoo includes a children's playground and a petting zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="21504359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504359" title="Tangatur">
Tangatur

Tanagatur is a village which is located near Proddatur and Ongole in India. It has traditional temples like Sri Rama Temple and the Govinda Swamy Temple. At Kundu Lake visitors can enjoy nature. The village is known for celebrating a festival called Peerla Pandaga during January.
The village is also known for factiona;ism. Many lost their families during the local combats in late 1970s and 1980s. Today many children of the villagers are educated and are settled in different positions from defence to IT. Some of the most famous personalities include Bypu Reddy Venkata Reddy and his son Bypu Reddy Rama Subba Reddy, and the family of the late Mujje Malikarjuna Rao.

</doc>
<doc id="21504365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504365" title="Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Belgium was represented by Barbara Dex at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, which took place in Millstreet, Ireland, performing "Iemand als jij". Dex was the winner of the Flemish national final for the contest, "Eurosong '93".
Eurosong '93.
Flemish broadcaster Belgische Radio- en Televisieomroep Nederlandstalige Uitzendingen (BRTN) was in charge of preparations for the Belgian entry for the 1993 Contest. BRTN held a national final to select the entry for the Contest, consisting of four semi-finals leading up to a grand final on 6 March 1993. The shows were held in Knokke Casino, hosted by Alexandra Potvin and Hans Otten.
Semi-finals.
Four semi-finals were held in February 1993 to select the 12 finalists for the Belgian final. 10 songs competed in each semi-final, with the top 3 songs, selected by an expert jury, progressing to the final.
Final.
The final of the contest was held on 6 March 1993, where the winner of the Contest was selected from the 12 semi-final qualifiers by six juries: five regional juries and one expert jury. The final winner was Barbara Dex with "Iemand als jij".
At Eurovision.
On the night of the final Dex performed 7th in the running order, following Greece and preceding Malta. Her performance became infamous due to her see-through dress, which she made herself. At the close of the voting "Iemand als jij" had received 3 points, all from Germany, placing Belgium 25th and last, relegating the country from taking part in the 1994 Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21504388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504388" title="John Browne (academic)">
John Browne (academic)

Dr John Browne D.D. (died 1764) was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was Fellow and Master of University College, Oxford, and also served as Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
John Browne was a student at University College and then a Fellow from 1711 to 1739.
In 1738, Browne became Archdeacon of Northampton. In 1743, he became a Canon of Peterborough Cathedral. From 1745 he was Master of University College.
In 1753, as Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University, Browne chose the design for the Oxford Almanack. This included King Alfred, the supposed founder of University College at the time, in front of the Radcliffe Quad, University College's second quadrangle.
Browne bequeathed his books to the Master of University College and his successors. The library was originally located in a ground-floor room in the Radcliffe Quad of the College. However, when a new Master's Lodging were built, the books were moved there. They form a decorative backdrop in the dining room in fitted bookcases.

</doc>
<doc id="21504398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504398" title="Dick McCabe (Australian footballer)">
Dick McCabe (Australian footballer)

Dick McCabe (born 15 June 1877) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy, St Kilda and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL); he used the pseudonym Dick McKay during his playing days and thus that is how his name appears in many football records.
From Essendon District, McCabe was a defender and was part of Fitzroy's inaugural VFL match in 1897. He spent another season at Fitzroy before crossing to St Kilda, which he captained in 1901. Finally, McCabe played for South Melbourne, but finished his 148 game career without making a single finals appearance, which was a VFL record at the time.
McKay was later a boundary umpire for the VFL and in 1918 officiated in a Junction Oval match as the field umpire, replacing Arthur Norden during the third quarter following an injury.

</doc>
<doc id="21504406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504406" title="2008 Futsal Mundialito">
2008 Futsal Mundialito

2008 Futsal Mundialito is an international friendly championship in futsal. The tournament was held in Algarve, Portugal from 2 to 6 of July 2008. The championship was played in Praia da Alagoa
Source.
Futsal Planet

</doc>
<doc id="21504409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504409" title="List of Alpha Sigma Phi chapters, colonies, and interest groups">
List of Alpha Sigma Phi chapters, colonies, and interest groups

This is a list of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity chapters and colonies in order of their chartering.
as of 05/06/2014
References.
http://alphasigmaphi.org/#_p.%1DHome%20Page%20Links%2FChapters%2FFull%20Chapter%20List

</doc>
<doc id="21504415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504415" title="Philipp Christfeld">
Philipp Christfeld

Johann Philipp Christfeld (born 1796 or 1797 – January 6, 1874) was a German porcelain painter.
Christfeld was born in Frankenthal. It is traced, that he lived at "Lerchen Straße 42" in Munich around 1850. Christfeld died in Munich in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="21504416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504416" title="Shervon Jack">
Shervon Jack

Shervon Jack (born 6 November 1986) is a Saint Lucian international football player who plays as a defender for Northern United All Stars in the Saint Lucia Gold Division. He previously played for Joe Public in the TT Pro League and for South East Castries in the Saint Lucia Gold Division.
Jack made his international debut for Saint Lucia starting against Turks and Caicos Islands in the 2–1 World Cup 2010 qualifier defeat on 6 February 2008. His second cap was against Turks and Caicos Islands again in the second leg of qualifying in the 2–0 victory, when he came on as a sub in the 89th minute on 26 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21504423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504423" title="6 (Supersilent album)">
6 (Supersilent album)

6 is the fourth album by the Norwegian avant-garde free improvisation electronic group Supersilent. The album was recorded live in the studio over the course of five days and has no overdubs. "6" is among the most acclaimed and well-known Supersilent releases.
Track listing.
Vinyl track listing

</doc>
<doc id="21504426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504426" title="What Have You Done to Solange?">
What Have You Done to Solange?

What Have You Done to Solange? is a 1972 giallo film directed by Massimo Dallamano. The film is loosely based on the Edgar Wallace mystery novel "The Clue of the New Pin". It was shot on location in London, England over the course of six weeks in the fall of 1971. The film's Italian title is "Cosa avete fatto a Solange?" In recent years, the film has gained a reputation as one of the best giallo films of the early 1970s among fans of the genre.
Plot.
Italian teacher Enrico Rosseni is having an affair with one of his lovely young students. While on an afternoon outing the two lovers learn that a fellow student is brutally murdered mere yards from them. Now other female students are being targeted by a killer with a sinister vendetta and Rosseni is looking like a suspect.
Cast.
Fabio Testi ... Enrico 'Henry' Rosseni
Cristina Galbó ... Elizabeth Seccles
Karin Baal ... Herta Rosseni
Joachim Fuchsberger ... Inspector Barth
Günther Stoll ... Professor Bascombe
Claudia Butenuth ... Brenda Pilchard
Camille Keaton ... Solange Beauregard
Maria Monti ... Mrs. Erickson
Giancarlo Badessi ... Mr. Erickson
Pilar Castel ... Janet Bryant
Giovanna Di Bernardo ... Helen Edmonds
Vittorio Fanfoni ... Enrico's friend
Antonio Casale ... Mr. Newton
Emilia Wolkowicz ... Ruth Holden
Daniele Micheletti ... Mr. Bryant
Rainer Penkert ... Mr. Leach
Carla Mancini ... Susan

</doc>
<doc id="21504428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504428" title="Tarquin">
Tarquin

Tarquin may refer to:
People with the given name Tarquin (Latin Tarquinius):
People with the surname Tarquin:

</doc>
<doc id="21504447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504447" title="Belsko">
Belsko

Belsko () is a village northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Justus and belongs to the Parish of Studeno.

</doc>
<doc id="21504483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504483" title="Fatah Masoud">
Fatah Masoud

Fatah Masoud (born on 24 September 1989) is a Libyan futsal goalkeeper.
Masoud played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21504492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504492" title="Korrapadu, Kadapa">
Korrapadu, Kadapa

Korrpadu is a village near Proddatur, Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh, India. This village is known for Dastagiri Swamy festival. The village festival is celebrated once for every eight years.
Schools.
Z.P.H.S. one primary school, three anganwadi schools and one private school.
Transport.
One can reach this village by bus from Proddatur. Also, there are number of autos From Proddatur to Korrapadu its 9 KM. Nearest Railway Station Yerraguntla its around 21 KM from korrpadu.

</doc>
<doc id="21504498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504498" title="Bill Purves">
Bill Purves

William Michael Purves (1870 – after 1900) was an Irish professional footballer who played as a right back. He made 41 appearances in the Football League, playing for Small Heath in the 1890s. He played three times for the Irish Football League representative side.
Purves was born in Belfast and played for Glentoran before coming to England to join Small Heath, newly crowned champions of the inaugural season of the Football League Second Division. He played every game of the club's first season in the First Division, but lost his place to Frank Lester the following season and returned to Glentoran in 1897. From 1900 he acted as Glentoran's trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="21504499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504499" title="Miljan Mutavdžić">
Miljan Mutavdžić

Miljan Mutavdžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиљaн Mутaвџић ; born 3 February 1986 in Novi Pazar, SR Serbia) is a Serbian footballer, he is currently playing for Novi Pazar in Jelen SuperLiga.
Club career.
Javor.
Mutavdžić started his career at Bane Raška before signed by a top division club, Javor Ivanjica. Javor were relegated to Serbian First League in 2006. At First League, Mutavdžić became a regular member of the squad and the club won promotion again as champions in 2008.
Malmö FF.
On 8 March he officially transferred to Swedish giants Malmö FF, and he went on to score his first goal in his debut for Malmö against Häcken. However, Mutavdžić suffered a knee injury less than a week later that saw him out of action for the rest of the 2009 season. Mutavdžić had some problems to recover fully from his injury but managed to get back into shape to play 12 league games for the 2010 season. Another reason that he didn't play as many games as expected was the huge success of the midfield duo Wílton Figueiredo and Ivo Pekalski, many had expected that Malmö FFs midfield for the 2010 season would be Mutavdžić and Rick Kruys. Mutavdžić had greater success in 2011 when played 22 matches for the club and scored a goal, he also participated in the clubs European matches in the qualifying stage to the UEFA Champions League and the group stage in the UEFA Europa League. However, Malmö FF chose not to offer Mutavdžić a new contract after the 2011 season.
International career.
Mutavdžić made his debut for Serbia against Poland in a friendly match in December 2008. He also played in a four-nation tournament final against Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="21504500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504500" title="Brezje pod Nanosom">
Brezje pod Nanosom

Brezje pod Nanosom (; ) is a small settlement below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezje" to "Brezje pod Nanosom" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="21504501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504501" title="Fathi Al-Khoga">
Fathi Al-Khoga

Fathi Al-Khoga (born on 8 May 1984) is a Libyan futsal player.
Al-Khoga played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21504506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504506" title="Shinshoku Dolce">
Shinshoku Dolce

The album was released on February 11, 2009 in Germany, France, and Europe, and on February 18, 2009 in Japan in both Limited and Regular editions. The limited edition of the CD came with a DVD of her videos "Suna No Oshiro", and "Still Doll".

</doc>
<doc id="21504509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504509" title="Lü Simian">
Lü Simian

Lü Simian (; February 27, 1884 – October 9, 1957) was a prominent Chinese historian as well as a former professor and history department head at Kwang Hua University, a predecessor of the East China Normal University in Shanghai. Lü took the courtesy name Chéngzhī (诚之) and wrote under the pseudonym Núniú (驽牛). His students included famous historians Ch'ien Mu and Yang Kuan. Historian Yan Gengwang (严耕望) considered Lü one of the four greatest modern Chinese historians, along with his student Ch'ien Mu, Chen Yuan (陈垣), and Chen Yinke.
In 1926 Lü was invited to teach at Kwang Hua University by his friend and the school's headmaster Qián Jībó (钱基博). Lü remained at the school, which later became part of East China Normal University, until his death.
Lü was born in Wujin (now Wujin district of Changzhou city) in China's Jiangsu province. At the age of 15 he entered the county school. In the second year he began teaching himself history. He later became a member of the Doubting Antiquity School which was a group of scholars and writers who showed doubts regarding the authenticity of pre-Qin texts.
His former residence in Changzhou is a protected property open to the public, offering numerous artifacts from his life displayed in the restored building.

</doc>
<doc id="21504514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504514" title="Mohamed Suleiman (futsal player)">
Mohamed Suleiman (futsal player)

Mohamed Suleiman (born on September 27, 1988) is a Libyan futsal player.
Suleiman played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21504515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504515" title="Akrem El-Twati">
Akrem El-Twati

Akrem El-Twati (born on 23 March 1985) is a Libyan futsal player.
Twati played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21504522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504522" title="Peter V. Brett">
Peter V. Brett

Peter V. Brett (born February 8, 1973) is an American fantasy novelist. He is the author of the "Demon Cycle", whose first volume was published in the UK by HarperCollins's Voyager imprint in 2008 as "The Painted Man" and in the US by Del Rey Books as "The Warded Man".
Early life.
Peter Brett studied English Literature and Art History at the University at Buffalo, graduating in 1995, after which he spent more than ten years working in the pharmaceutical publication field before writing full-time. He developed an interest in fantasy from an early age and "The Painted Man" was his fourth novel. He lives in Brooklyn with his wife and daughter. He also enjoys comics and role playing.
Career.
Brett wrote his 2008 novel "The Painted Man" ("The Warded Man" in the US) and much of his second novel on his HP Ipaq 6515 while on the New York subway.
The novel takes place on a formerly advanced civilization world which has now been reduced to a dark age by the attacks of demons known as 'corelings'. These are powerful beings with magical abilities and differing elemental natures, and each night they emerge from the planet's core to feed on humans, who must take care to be indoors before dark. Against this backdrop the three main characters Arlen, Leesha, and Rojer, pass into maturity and begin individual quests to bring an end to the terror. The book has been translated into German, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, French, Spanish, Serbian, Czech, Japanese, and Hungarian.
In "The Desert Spear" two men are claimed by their own followers to be humanity's prophesied Deliverer. One is Arlen Bales, formerly of a small hamlet who, after many hard lessons, has become the Painted Man (so called because he has covered himself in demon-warding runes). Another contender is a desert warrior, a former friend and betrayer of Arlen, who carries a mystical spear (stolen from Arlen) and heads a vast army intent on a holy war against the demons and anyone else who stands in the way.
Brett's novelettes include the 2010 book "The Great Bazaar and Other Stories", and the 2011 book "Brayan’s Gold".

</doc>
<doc id="21504531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504531" title="H. David Kotz">
H. David Kotz

H. David Kotz, also known as Harold David Kotz, (born June 24, 1966, in Toronto, Canada) is a director in the Financial Institutions practice at Berkeley Research Group.
Kotz was a litigation associate at three law firms from 1990–99, and then a labor attorney at the U.S. Agency for International Development from 1999–2002. He worked at the Peace Corps as a lawyer handling labor and violent crime matters, as well as Inspector General, from 2002–07.
He then was Inspector General at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from December 2007 until January 2012, when he resigned in the midst of questions about his tactics and conduct. At the SEC, his department conducted investigations about improprieties, conflicts of interest, and the SEC's failure to uncover Ponzi schemes. He referred 30 cases to the Justice Department; 2 were prosecuted, leading to 1 conviction. In 2012, an independent review of his conduct by the Inspector General of the U.S. Postal Service concluded that Kotz violated ethics rules by overseeing probes that involved people with whom he had conflicts of interest, due to personal relationships. 
In 2012, an independent review of his conduct by the Inspector General of the U.S. Postal Service concluded that Kotz violated ethics rules by overseeing probes that involved people with whom he had conflicts of interest. One conflict involved Kotz accepting three tickets to a Philadelphia Eagles game at a subsidized cost from a financial adviser. 
Education.
Kotz graduated "cum laude" from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1987, with a B.A. in Government and Politics, and earned his J.D. at Cornell Law School in 1990.
Law firms (1990–99).
In his early career, Kotz worked as a litigation associate at three law firms, working on commercial litigation, discrimination, personal injury, and sexual harassment matters: Graham & James (1990–92) and Stults & Balber (1992–94) in New York City, and Pepper Hamilton LLP (1994–99) in Washington, DC.
US Agency for International Development (1999–2002).
Kotz worked at the US Agency for International Development (USAID) from 1999–2002, where he was an Attorney Advisor in the Office of the General Counsel and later a Chief in the Office of Labor and Employee Relations.
Peace Corps (2002–07).
Kotz joined the Peace Corps in 2002, and worked there until 2007, during which time he handled labor arbitrations, employee grievances, and prosecutions of rapes, sexual assaults, and other violent crimes against volunteers. For three years, he was an Associate General Counsel. Starting in 2006, he worked for the Peace Corps as Inspector General.
SEC (2007–12).
In December 2007, Kotz next became the Inspector General at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), following the resignation of his predecessor, Walter Stachnik, who stepped down after a Senate report criticized his performance. At the time, he had little expertise in securities law, but he was quickly pushed into the spotlight. He was tasked with conducting independent and objective audits, investigations and inspections to detect waste, fraud and abuse, and promote economy, effectiveness, and efficiency, and his reports touched on the SEC not uncovering the Madoff Ponzi scheme and the SEC's office-leasing program after the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul.
Kotz's tenure at the SEC was contentious and controversial, marked by critical investigations, charges that some of his investigations lacked evidence of wrongdoing and distorted facts to build a case, criticisms of him for conflicts of interest and ethics violations, and a determination that he had an inappropriate relationship with an SEC employee. According to his reports, he referred about 30 cases to the Justice Department, of which 2 were prosecuted, leading to 1 conviction, as of September 2011. Mary Schapiro, Chairman of the SEC, in her announcement of his departure from the SEC praised Kotz as a "committed public servant who has served the agency with great distinction."
Investigations.
Madoff.
Kotz investigated why the SEC failed to detect the $19 billion Madoff fraud, despite its responsibility to regulate Madoff's firm. Madoff pleaded guilty to fraud and is now serving a 150-year sentence. He also investigated the responses by the SEC to written complaints about Madoff since 1992. In September 2009, Kotz issued a 477-page report that described numerous failures on the part of the SEC in failing to uncover Madoff's Ponzi scheme, and concluded that the SEC had many opportunities to spot the Ponzi scheme but failed to do so, despite three examinations and two investigations, which even surprised Madoff himself. Kotz followed that up with recommendations to fix the problems that he believed contributed to the SEC's failures, including how the SEC should evaluate and follow up on tips, train investigators, document examinations of securities firms, and improve working relationships at the SEC. Speaking of the Madoff victims, Kotz observed: "People’s lives are destroyed, but they can find some solace in knowing there was change as a result."
One of his findings in his Madoff-related investigations was that after the scheme was uncovered, David M. Becker, the SEC’s General Counsel, recommended how the victims would be compensated, despite the fact that Becker's family had a $2 million inheritance in a Madoff account. Kotz referred the matter to the U.S. Justice Department's criminal division. Becker indicated that he had notified seven senior SEC officials about the account, including the Chairman, and the SEC's ethics counsel advised him twice that he had no conflict, and none suggested that he recuse himself. Becker said: I have seen Inspector General Kotz do this before, make a big fuss... about sending reports to the Justice Department. Nothing has happened in any of them, and some of them ... from my time at the SEC were laughable. The Justice Department declined to pursue the matter.
He also investigated whether the romantic relationship between Eric Swanson, the SEC Assistant Director of the Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations, and Bernie Madoff's niece and in-house compliance attorney Shana Madoff, whom Swanson met in 2003 while he was investigating her uncle Bernie and his firm for running a Ponzi scheme, influenced the SEC's closing of the Madoff investigation. Swanson left the SEC in 2006, became engaged to Shana Madoff three months later, and married her in 2007. Kotz concluded that there was no evidence that their relationship influenced the SEC's closing of the inquiry.
Financial analyst and whistleblower Harry Markopolos said that Kotz "was unflagging he restored my faith," in the Madoff affair. Subsequently, a 66-page report resulting from an investigation prompted by complaints about Kotz having a conflict of interest in the Madoff matter questioned Kotz’s work on the Madoff investigation, because Kotz was a "very good friend" with Markopolos. It concluded that while it was unclear when Kotz and Markopolos became friends, it would have violated U.S. ethics rules if their relationship began before or during Kotz’s Madoff investigation.
Stanford.
In March 2010, Kotz issued another report finding the SEC also failed to uncover a $7 billion Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Allen Stanford. Kotz found that by 1997 the SEC had suspected that Stanford was running a Ponzi scheme, but it did not stop the scheme until late 2005. Kotz accused Spencer Barasch of having a conflict of interest, in that he participated in decisions not to investigate Stanford when he was head of enforcement in an SEC regional office, and then briefly representing Stanford before the SEC after leaving the SEC. In 2012, Barasch agreed to pay a $50,000 fine to settle a Justice Department claim that he violated a federal law barring former government officials from appearing in front of U.S. agencies on matters in which they “personally and substantially” participated while in the government’s employ, though he disputed that he acted unethically and said he settled to avoid the expense and uncertainty of long litigation.
A subsequent 66-page report on Kotz's behavior by Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service found that Kotz himself "appeared to have a conflict of interest" and shouldn’t have opened the investigation, because he was friends with a female attorney who represented victims of the fraud.
Thomsen/Pequot Capital.
Kotz investigated a controversy reported by a former SEC lawyer who claimed he was fired in order to thwart his investigation of insider trading at Pequot Capital Management. Kotz recommended that disciplinary action be commenced against Linda Chatman Thomsen, the Director of the Division of Enforcement for the SEC. His recommendation was not accepted, and no disciplinary action was taken.
Goldman Sachs.
In 2010, Kotz looked into allegations regarding the timing of an SEC fraud case against Goldman Sachs. Kotz did not find any evidence that SEC officials coordinated the timing of actions against Goldman Sachs with anyone in the Obama administration or Congress, to help speed passage of the financial overhaul law.
Pornography.
In both 2010 and 2011, Kotz investigated the accessing of pornography sites on SEC computers during business hours, finding a number of SEC staff had been visiting such sites. He released two reports, documenting his findings.
SEC office lease.
In 2011, Kotz issued a report criticizing the SEC for its 900,000-square-foot, $557 million, 10-year lease for new office space. He called the process, which lacked competitive bidding, deeply flawed and unsound.
Controversy and departure.
At least two formal complaints were filed against Kotz by SEC staff members (including Linda Baier, acting Branch Chief of Acquisition Policy, and Nancy McGinley, an enforcement attorney, in April 2011), with the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE). They alleged that Kotz distorted facts to build a case, and that he created a culture of fear at the SEC of Kotz's "false allegations and retaliations". Kotz sought to have Baier disciplined, but her managers declined to take action. Kotz similarly sent a criminal referral to federal prosecutors regarding trading by McGinley, but the Justice Department declined to act. Kotz denied the allegations, but ultimately left the SEC in the midst of a scandal concerning ethics and potential conflicts of interest. On the one hand, Julie Preuitt, an assistant regional director in the SEC's Fort Worth office, said Kotz was "trying to shine a light" on an agency that previously had not received intense scrutiny, but on the other hand current and former SEC staffers and lawyers outside the Commission said Kotz's over-zealous effort to uncover waste, fraud, and abuse at the SEC had gone overboard and had led some talented attorneys to leave the Commission.
Another complainant against Kotz was the office's former Chief of Investigations, David Weber, who accused Kotz of improper conduct in the Madoff investigation. In November 2012, Weber filed a federal lawsuit after he was terminated by the SEC in which he alleged that Kotz unethically conducted personal relationships with colleagues that might have compromised the SEC’s Madoff and Stanford prosecutions. Weber had been on leave since the spring after some employees complained that he was physically threatening and spoke openly about his desire to carry a gun at work. Weber denied those allegations. An independent, outside review of Weber's charges relating to Kotz's conduct, after Weber was placed on leave, by Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service did find that Kotz may have had conflicts of interest in a number of important investigations, including relationships with individuals connected to subjects he was investigating, but did not identify instances in which information in any of his reports was compromised. Kotz responded to the civil lawsuit saying that: "for some inexplicable reason, my name has been dragged through the mud in the most ludicrous and unbelievable allegations." The SEC settled with Weber for $580,000, one of the highest SEC settlements in a whistleblower retaliation case, in May 2013.
Because of concerns of improper conduct by Kotz, Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service was brought in to conduct an independent, outside review of Kotz's alleged improper conduct. Williams concluded in his Report that Kotz violated ethics rules by overseeing probes that involved people with whom he had conflicts of interest due to “personal relationships.” He also concluded that Kotz may have had an inappropriate relationship with an SEC employee. Williams did not identify specific examples of Kotz's reports being tainted.
One conflict of interest for which Kotz was criticized was his decision to accept club-level tickets from a financial adviser, for himself and his sons, to a sold-out Philadelphia Eagles football game. Kotz reimbursed the financial adviser $95 apiece, for three tickets that the team said had a value of $240 each. Commenting on the matter, Professor Geoffrey Hazard, a legal ethics specialist, said that “However passionate a fan you might be of the Eagles, it’s just imprudent” to take the tickets. Kotz called the incident: "an insignificant matter."
The Report questioned Kotz’s work on the Madoff investigation, because Kotz was a "very good friend" with the whistleblower in the case, Harry Markopolos. Although investigators were not able to determine when Kotz and the whistleblower became friends, the Report concluded that it would have violated U.S. ethics rules if their relationship began before or during Kotz’s investigation.
The Report also questioned Kotz's work on the Stanford investigation. It found that Kotz “appeared to have a conflict of interest” when he opened and supervised the investigation, because of his relationship with a Massachusetts attorney representing Stanford's victims who, one month after starting the investigation, Kotz listed as a business reference and a “personal friend”. Kotz met with her after his departure from the SEC in an effort to seek business for his new job.
The Report also found that Kotz should not have participated in a probe of the re-organization of the SEC’s office, because he engaged in “extensive” and “flirtatious” communications with a female SEC staffer associated with the project during the probe. Among other things, he emailed her in 2008 a suggestion that she buy a "short skirt or two," and as to the dress code he indicated that she would qualify for a “Special exemption for after work get togethers.” Kotz said he was communicating with her the way he would talk to any other employee and that he didn’t think any of his communications were inappropriate, and denied having any personal relationship with the woman.
Senator Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) said in a statement that the Report revealed "poor judgment".
On January 17, 2012, Kotz resigned amid criticisms of his behavior and questions about his conduct, and the SEC announced that he would leave the agency at the end of January. Kotz announced that he was leaving the SEC, describing the reports he had issued as being “significant to the agency, Congress and the investing public.”
Senator Grassley, an Iowa Republican who was a frequent critic of the SEC, said: “David Kotz produced strong, conclusive reports, even as critics claimed he was too aggressive. An aggressive, independent inspector general is best for the agency in the long run, even if that’s uncomfortable for management.”
Gryphon Strategies (2012).
In late January 2012, Kotz joined Gryphon Strategies, a small New York corporate fraud investigation firm, as its Washington representative and managing director.
Berkeley Research Group (2012–present).
In August 2012, Kotz joined the anti-corruption team as a director in the Financial Institutions practice at Berkeley Research Group. Kotz had become familiar with Berkeley when he hired the firm while he was at the SEC, during the Madoff investigation.
Family.
Kotz's wife Deborah is a reporter for the "Boston Globe". The couple has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21504537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504537" title="1989 AFC Women's Championship">
1989 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1989 AFC Women's Championship was held from December 19 to December 29, 1989 in Hong Kong. The tournament was won by for the second consecutive time by China in the final against Chinese Taipei.

</doc>
<doc id="21504547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504547" title="Cory Bishop">
Cory Bishop

Cory Bishop is a U.S. Virgin Islands soccer player who played as a defender or midfielder. He has gained one international cap for the United States Virgin Islands national soccer team.
Early career.
He attended Good Hope High School, where he was captain of his high-school soccer team, winning two consecutive St. Croix championships.
Bishop represented U.S. Virgin Islands soccer team at under-16 and under-18 level, as well representing the U.S. Virgin Islands volley ball team at under-18 and under-20 levels.
International career.
Bishop made his international debut for the U.S. Virgin Islands starting against Grenada Islands in the 10–0 World Cup 2010 qualifier defeat on 26 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21504551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504551" title="Wet blanket">
Wet blanket

Wet blanket may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21504555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504555" title="Thomas Parry (bishop)">
Thomas Parry (bishop)

Thomas Parry (1795 – 16 March 1870) was a Welsh clergyman and Bishop of Barbados from 1842 to 1869.
Background and education.
He was born the fourth son of Edward Parry, a clergyman in North Wales, who at that time was rector of Llanferres, Denbighshire. Parry was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, matriculating in 1812 and graduating first-class in mathematics and second-class in classics four years later. He was appointed a Fellow of Balliol College, Oxford in 1818 and obtained a Master of Arts in the following year.
Career.
Parry became Archdeacon of the West Indies in 1825 and was transferred to Barbados in 1840. Two years later, he was nominated to be the second Bishop of Barbados. He held this position until 1869 when he returned to England following a breakdown in his health.
Family and death.
In 1824, he married Louisa, third daughter of Henry Hutton, rector of Beaumont-cum-Moze. Parry died on 16 March 1870 in Malvern, Worcestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="21504556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504556" title="Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking">
Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking

The Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking is a test of creativity.
Description.
Building on J.P. Guilford's work and created by Ellis Paul Torrance, the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking (TTCT), a test of creativity, originally involved simple tests of divergent thinking and other problem-solving skills, which were scored on four scales: 
The third edition of the TTCT in 1984 eliminated the Flexibility scale from the figural test, but added Resistance to Premature Closure (based on Gestalt Psychology) and Abstractness of Titles as two new criterion-referenced scores on the figural. Torrance called the new scoring procedure Streamlined Scoring. With the five norm-referenced measures that he now had (fluency, originality, abstractness of titles, elaboration and resistance to premature closure), he added 13 criterion-referenced measures which include: emotional expressiveness, story-telling articulateness, movement or actions, expressiveness of titles, syntheses of incomplete figures, synthesis of lines, of circles, unusual visualization, extending or breaking boundaries, humor, richness of imagery, colourfulness of imagery, and fantasy.
According to Arasteh and Arasteh (1976) the most systematic assessment of creativity in elementary school children has been conducted by Torrance and his associates (1960a,1960b, 1960c, 1961,1962,1962a,1963a 1964), who have developed and administered the Minnesota Tests of Creative Thinking (MTCT), which was later renamed as the TTCT, to several thousands of school children. Although they have used many of Guilfords concepts in their test construction, the Minnesota group, in contrast to Guilford, has devised tasks which can be scored for several factors, involving both verbal and non-verbal aspects and relying on senses other than vision. These tests represent a fairly sharp departure from the factor type tests developed by Guilford and his associates (Guilford, Merrifield and Cox, 1961; Merrifield, Guilford and Gershan,1963), and they also differ from the battery developed by Wallach and Kogan (1965), which contains measures representing creative tendencies that are similar in nature (Torrance, 1968).
To date, several longitudinal studies have been conducted to follow up the elementary school-aged students who were first administered the Torrance Tests in 1958 in Minnesota. There was a 22-year follow-up, a 40-year follow-up, and a 50 year follow-up 
Torrance (1962) grouped the different subtests of the Minnesota Tests of Creative Thinking (MTCT) into three categories. 
Tasks.
A brief description of the tasks used by Torrance is given below:
Unusual Uses.
The unusual uses tasks using verbal stimuli are direct modifications of Guilford’s Brick uses test. After preliminary tryouts, Torrance (1962) decided to substitute tin cans and books for bricks. It was believed the children would be able to handle tin cans and books more easily since both are more available to children than bricks.

</doc>
<doc id="21504557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504557" title="Bukovje, Postojna">
Bukovje, Postojna

Bukovje (; ) is a village northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Bukovje" and other names like it (e.g., "Bukovica", "Bukovec") are derived from the Slovene adjective "bukov", from the common noun "bukev" 'beech'. They refer to the local vegetation. The settlement was known as "Bukuje" in German in the past.
History.
During the Second World War, the Partisans had facilities for preparing and storing food in Bukovje. A Partisan lookout station was located on Čelo Hill near the settlement, and a relay station was located in the nearby Žnidar Shaft (). In October 1943, German forces burned several houses and outbuildings in the settlement. On 20 October 1944, German and Chetnik forces attacked the Partisan Vladimir Gortan Brigade in Bukovje, with the loss of 25 Partisan soldiers and about 100 Axis soldiers.
Mass grave.
Bukovje is the site of a mass grave from late in the Second World War. The Martinove Hrastnice Shaft Mass Grave () is located on a hilly slope northwest of the settlement. It contains the remains of at least seven victims, probably German soldiers, killed in January or February 1945.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Bukovje include:

</doc>
<doc id="21504560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504560" title="List of Empire ships (D)">
List of Empire ships (D)

The Empire ships were a series of ships in the service of the British Government. Their names were all prefixed with "Empire". Mostly they were used during the Second World War by the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT), which owned the ships but contracted out their management to various shipping lines. Some ships requisitioned during the Suez Crisis were also given the "Empire" prefix. They were acquired from a number of sources. Many were built for the MoWT, others obtained from the USA, still others were captured or seized from enemy powers.
Suffix beginning with D.
"Empire Dabchick".
"Empire Dabchick" was a 6,089 GRT cargo ship which was built by Atlantic Corporation, Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Launched in 1919 as "Kisnop" for the United States Shipping Board (USSB). To MoWT in 1941 and renamed "Empire Dabchick". Torpedoed and sunk on 3 December 1942 by "U-183" at while a member of Convoy ONS 146.
"Empire Dace".
"Empire Dace" was a 716 GRT coaster which was built by Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Launched on 11 August 1942 and completed in September 1942. Requisitioned by the Royal Navy in July 1943. Struck a mine on 1 December 1944 and sank at Missolonghi, Greece.
"Empire Daffodil".
"Empire Daffodil" was a 394 GRT coaster which was built by Van Diepen Scheepswerf Gebroeders NV, Waterhuizen, Netherlands. Launched in 1940 as "Caribe II" for S G Hallstrom, Amsterdam. Requisitioned in 1940, to MoWT and renamed "Empire Daffodil". Damaged on 9 July 1940 by enemy aircraft bombing. Taken to Portland, and later Southampton for repairs. Sold in 1946 to General Steam Navigation Co Ltd and renamed "Greenfinch". Sold in 1966 to G M Moundreas & Bros, Greece and renamed "Moira". Sold later that year to Orri Navigation Lines, Saudi Arabia and renamed "Star of Medina".
"Empire Damsel".
"Empire Damsel" was a 784 GRT coastal tanker which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co Ltd, Grangemouth. Launched on 29 June 1942 and completed in October 1942. Sold in 1947 to the Bulk Oil Steamship Co Ltd, London and renamed "Pass of Balmaha". Scrapped in March 1967 in Dalmuir, West Dunbartonshire.
"Empire Darby".
"Empire Darby" was a 203 GRT tug which was built by Cochrane & Sons Ltd, Selby. Launched on 8 January 1943 and completed in April 1943. To the Admiralty in 1947 and renamed "Egerton". Sold in 1958 to H G Pounds, Portsmouth. Sold in 1961 to J D Irving Ltd, Canada and renamed "Irving Beech". New diesel engine fitted in 1962. Ran aground on 1 December 1967 off New Waterford, Nova Scotia with tanker and a barge, all three ships were total losses.
"Empire Daring".
"Empire Daring" was a 7,059 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Hamilton & Co Ltd, Port Glasgow. Launched on 29 June 1943 and completed in August 1943. Sold in 1946 to Leith Hill Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Marietta". Operated under the management of Counties Ship Management Ltd, London until 1948, then under the management of Phoecian Ship Agency Ltd, London. Sold in 1958 to Bury Hill Shipping Co, remaining under Phoecian's management. Scrapped in 1959 in Split, Yugoslavia.
"Empire Dart".
"Empire Dart" was a 4,186 GRT cargo ship which was built by Kockums Mekaniska Verkstad, Malmö. Launched in 1925 as "Skaneland". Sold in 1928 to Hamburg South America Line and renamed "Pernambuco". Seized in May 1945 as a war prize at Kiel. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Dart". Allocated in 1946 to USSR and renamed "Krasnodar". Scrapped in April 1975 in Split, Yugoslavia.
"Empire Darwin".
"Empire Darwin" was a 6,765 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co, West Hartlepool. Launched on 13 May 1941 and completed in July 1941. "Empire Darwin" was a CAM ship. On 28 July 1943 her Hawker Hurricane shot down a Focke-Wulf Fw 200 Condor. She was damaged on 29 July 1943 by enemy bombing at , repaired at Glasgow. Sold in 1946 to the South Georgia Co Ltd and renamed "Culrain". Operated under the management of Christian Salvesen & Co Ltd, Leith. Sold in 1959 to North Europe & Persian Gulf Transport Corporation and renamed "Mersinidi". Operated under the management of J Livanos & Sons Ltd. Arrived on 30 December 1966 at Singapore for scrapping.
"Empire Daughter".
"Empire Daughter" was a 2,026 GRT collier which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co Ltd, Grangemouth. Launched on 27 December 1943 and completed in April 1944. Sold in 1946 to Harries Brothers & Co Ltd, Swansea and renamed "Glanrhyd". Sold in 1948 to Tavistock Shipping Co, London and renamed "Noeldale". Sold in 1949 to Henry & McGregor Ltd, Leith and renamed "Kinnaird Head". Sold in 1961 to Gino Gardella, Italy and renamed "Brick Quinto". Arrived on 13 July 1976 at Savona, Italy for scrapping..
"Empire Dawn".
"Empire Dawn" was a 7,241 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Doxford & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 14 December 1940 and completed in April 1941. Sunk on 11 September 1942 by German raider "Michel" south west of Cape Town.
"Empire Deben".
"Empire Deben" was an 11,251 GRT ocean liner which was built by Howaldtswerke, Kiel. Launched in 1922 as "Thuringia" for Hamburg America Line. Used on the New York and Boston routes until 1929 when she was sold to Hamburg South America Line and renamed "General San Martin". Requisitioned in 1940 by the Kriegsmarine, used as a floating barracks, then a tender and finally a hospital ship. She took part in the evacuation of civilians from the Baltic. Seized in May 1945 at Copenhagen. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Deben". Operated under the management of Shaw, Savill & Albion Line. Scrapped in March 1949 at Newport, Monmouthshire.
"Empire Dee".
"Empire Dee" was a 7,839 GRT cargo ship which was built by Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau AG, Bremen. Launched in 1939 as "Neidenfels" for Deutsche Dampfschiffahrts-Gesellschaft "Hansa", Bremen. Seized in May 1945 at Eckernförde. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Dee". Allocated in 1946 to USSR and renamed "Admiral Ushakov". Scrapped in October 1975 in Split, Yugoslavia.
"Empire Deed".
"Empire Deed" was a 6,676 GRT cargo ship which was built by Bartram & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 6 February 1943 and completed in May 1943. Damaged on 25 May 1943 by enemy bombing at Sunderland. Sold in 1946 to Sussex Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Deed". Operated under the management of S G Embiricos Ltd, London. Sold in 1951 to Compagnia Navigazione Doro, Panama and renamed "Doro". Sold in 1956 to Z L Cambanis & others, Greece and renamed "Leonidas Cambanis". Sold in 1964 to First Steamship Co Ltd, Taiwan and renamed "Ever Fortune" then "Ever Happiness". Scrapped in June 1967 in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
"Empire Deep".
"Empire Deep" was an 894 GRT coaster which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Belfast. Launched on 9 September 1941. Transferred to the Dutch Government in 1942 and renamed "Starkenborgh". Sold in 1947 to the Hollandsche Stoomboots Maatschappij and renamed "Spaarnestroom". Sold in 1961 to Sartes Corporation, Greece and renamed "Erato Sartes". Sold in 1963 to A I Petras, Greece and renamed "Antonios P". Scrapped in July 1969 at Piraeus, Greece.
"Empire Defender".
"Empire Defender" was a 5,649 GRT cargo ship which was built by J C Tecklenborg AG, Wesermünde. Launched in 1910 as "Freienfels" Seized in by UK 1914 at Calcutta, India. To the Admiralty, then transferred in 1920 to the Secretary of State for India. Sold in 1925 to Rethymnis & Pnevmaticos, Greece and renamed "Hadiotis". Sold in 1928 to Achille Lauro & Co, Naples, Italy. and renamed "Felce". Seized on 11 June 1940 at Haifa, Palestine. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Defender". Ordered to sail from Glasgow to Malta laden with ammunition late in 1941. On 20 October 1941, 60 lascar sailors refused to sail, claiming that the vessel was cursed and would be sunk before the next new moon. The authorities were unable to persuade them to sail by either threats or inducements. An equivalent number of white sailors were procured with a payment of £10 in cash each to accept the lascar accommodation. The ship had been repainted with a black hull, white topsides and a buff funnel, contrary to wartime regulations. All armament had been removed in an effort to make the ship appear as though it belonged to a neutral country. On sailing she collided with two ships. She was in a convoy until off the Spanish coast, when she left and headed to Malta. The flag of whichever nation's waters she was in at the time was painted on her hull, thus she was passed off as a French, Spanish and Italian ship. On 14 November 1941, she was attacked by an enemy aircraft which dropped an aerial torpedo. "Empire Defender" was set on fire and her crew abandoned her. They had only just done this when she blew up and sank south of the Galite Islands, Tunisia.
"Empire Defiance".
"Empire Defiance" was a 4,667 GRT cargo ship which was built by Reiherstieg Schiffswerfte & Maschinenfabrik, Hamburg. Launched in 1909 as "Iserlohn". Sold in 1921 to the St Just Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Union City". Sold in 1924 to J A Zachariassen & Co, Finland and renamed "Wasaborg". Sold in 1935 to Achille Lauro & Co, Naples and renamed "Erica". Seized on 10 June 1940 at Liverpool. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Defiance". Sunk in June 1944 as a blockship as part of Goosebery 5 at Sword Beach, Ouistreham, Calvados. Salvaged in 1951, towed by tugs "Seaman" and "Superman" for scrapping. Beached on 21 August 1951 off the Mole, Zeebrugge due to a leak developing. Refloated and arrived on 15 September 1951 at Antwerp, Belgium for scrapping.
"Empire Dell".
"Empire Dell" was a 7,065 GRT cargo ship which was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow. Launched on 26 May 1941 and completed in August 1941. A CAM ship, she was torpedoed and sunk on 11 May 1942 by "U-124" at while a member of Convoy ONS 92.
"Empire Demon".
"Empire Demon" was a 268 GRT tug which was built by John Crown & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 31 December 1942 and completed in March 1943. To the Admiralty in 1943, Ministry of Transport in 1945, Admiralty in 1949. Chartered to US Navy in 1962 for use in the River Clyde. Transferred in 1964 to , Derry and chartered by local Harbour Commissioners. Collided on 26 March 1965 with MV "Norse Lion" which she was towing. Declared a constructive total loss. Sold in January 1966 to Haulbowline Industries, Passage West, Ireland for scrapping. On 15 February 1966, while on way to breakers, she lost her tow, the dredger "Dredger No. 2" off Wexford in heavy weather. Put into Dublin where crew deserted. Resold to a Dublin shipbreakers and scrapped in March 1966 in Dublin.
"Empire Denis".
"Empire Denis" was a 275 GRT tug which was built by Cochrane & Sons Ltd, Selby. Launched on 26 September 1942 and completed in 1943. Sold in 1948 to Clyde Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Flying Meteor". Sold in 1962 to I C Guy Ltd, Cardiff and renamed "Royal Rose". Sold in 1963 to R & J H Rea Ltd and renamed "Yewgarth". On 14 September 1965 she was crushed between a lock wall and at Cardiff. Beached outside the dock entrance, refloated on 20 September 1965 but declared a constructive total loss. Scrapped in November 1965 at Newport, Monmouthshire.
"Empire Deptford".
"Empire Deptford" was a 2,040 GRT collier which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co Ltd, Grangemouth. Laid down as "Empire Deptford" and launched in 1946 as "SNCF No 1" for Société Nationale D'Affrétements, France. Sold in 1947 to Société Nationale des Chemins de fer Français and renamed "Perrigny". Sold in 1958 to Société Navale Caennaise SA, Caen, then sold in 1962 to Hanseatishce Keiswerke GmbH, Germany and renamed "Otto Pruss". Converted to a suction dredger and fitted with a new diesel engine. Sold in 1966 to Gesellschaft für Keisgewinnung und Keisvertrieb MbH and renamed "Hanseat III". Operated under the management of O A Müller, Germany. Sold in 1974 to Bredo Baltic Gravels SA, Panama, still under the management of Müller. Scrapped in August 1975 in Hamburg.
"Empire Derwent".
"Empire Derwent" was a 4,026 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Pickersgill & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched in 1930 as "Stakesby" for Rowland & Marwood Steamship Co. Operated under the management of Headlam & Son, Whitby. Torpedoed on 25 August 1940 by "U-124" north of Butt of Lewis, Hebrides. Beached on west coast but slid off beach and sank in deep water. she was salvaged sixteen month later and rebuilt. To MoWT in 1943 and renamed "Empire Derwent". Sold in 1946 to J D McLaren & Co, London and renamed "Swan Point". Became stranded on 31 July 1949 in Karnaphuli River, Chittagong, India. Broke in two and declared a total loss.
"Empire Dew".
"Empire Dew" was a 7,005 GRT cargo ship which was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow. Launched on 21 November 1940 and completed in January 1941. Torpedoed on 12 June 1941 and sunk by "U-48" at .
"Empire Diamond".
"Empire Diamond" was an 8,236 GRT tanker which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Belfast. Launched on 10 July 1941 and completed in November 1941. To Norwegian Government in 1942 and renamed "Norsol". Sold in 1946 to A/S Kollbjørg and renamed "Kollbjørg". Operated under the management of O Berg, Oslo. sold in 1956 to Rederi Norland, Sweden and renamed "Storo". Operated under the management of Odmark & Andersson, Sweden. Arrived on 20 November 1959 at Hong Kong for scrapping.
"Empire Dickens".
"Empire Dickens" was a 9,819 GRT tanker which was built by Furness Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees. Launched on 14 February 1942 and completed in April 1942. Sold in 1946 to Anglo-American Oil Co Ltd and renamed "Esso Appalachee". Sold in 1947 to Esso Petroleum Co Ltd. Arrived on 2 August 1960 at Faslane for scrapping.
"Empire Diplomat".
"Empire Diplomat" was a 6,498 GRT tanker which was built by J Brown & Co Ltd, Clydebank. Launched in 1926 as "British Diplomat" for the British Tanker Co Ltd. By 1939, she was in use as a depot ship at Oran, Algeria. She returned to the UK in March 1940 for repairs and was requisitioned by the MoWT. She was scrapped in 1946 at Dunston on Tyne, Northumberland.
"Empire Dirk".
"Empire Dirk" was a 2,942 GRT cargo ship which was built by Ailsa Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Troon, Ayrshire. Launched on 31 August 1943 and completed in December 1943. Sold in 1951 to Moller Line Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Nancy Moller". Sold later that year to Mount Line Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Mount Austin", operated under the management of Mollers Ltd, Hong Kong. Sold in 1952 to the Australian Government and renamed "Coolabah". Sold in 1956 to the Cambay Prince Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Troon Breeze". Operated under the management of J Manners & Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Sold in 1964 to San Fernando Steamship Co Ltd, Panama and renamed "Cachupin", still under Manners' management. Sold in 1966 to Shui Cheung Shipping & Trading Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Kowloon No 1". Ran aground on 16 September 1967 at Hachinohe, Japan (). Refloated on 7 October 1967 and towed to Yokosuka. Declared a constructive total loss, scrapped in June 1968 in Opama, Japan.
"Empire Dockland".
"Empire Dockland" was a 683 GRT dredger hopper ship which was built by William Simons & Co Ltd, Renfrew. Launched on 24 June 1944 and completed later that year. To the Admiralty in 1944 and renamed "W 101". Renamed "W 31" in 1947, ownership passing to the Ministry of Public Buildings & Works in 1973. Offered for sale in 1970 by the Board of Trade.
"Empire Dolly".
"Empire Dolly" was a 257 GRT tug which was built by John Crown & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 5 July 1943 and completed in September 1943. Sold in 1953 to Steel & Bennie Ltd and renamed "Thunderer". Sold in 1958 to Saint John Tug Boat Co Ltd, Bermuda and renamed "Ocean Osprey".
"Empire Dolphin".
"Empire Dolphin" was a 5,037 GRT Hog Islander which was built by American International Shipbuilding Co, Hog Island, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Launched in 1920 as "Calaumet", she was completed as "Vaba" for the USSB. To Charbonneau Rajola, USA in 1920 and returned to USSB in 1921. Converted to a tanker in June 1921 by Curtis Bay Copper & Iron Works, Curtis Bay, Maryland. To American-Italian Steamship Co Inc, New York in 1923 and then Tankers Corporation, New York later that year. To Steamer Vaba Corporation, New York in 1924. to Kellogg Steamship Corporation, New York in 1929 and renamed"Ruth Kellogg". To MoWT in 1940 and renamed "Empire Dolphin" in 1941. Scrapped in February 1947 at Briton Ferry, West Glamorgan.
"Empire Dombey".
"Empire Dombey" was an 813 GRT coastal tanker which was built by A & J Inglis Ltd, Glasgow. Launched on 15 May 1944 and completed in July 1944. Sold in 1947 to F T Everard & Sons Ltd and renamed "Allurity". Sold in October 1964 for scrapping in the Netherlands but resold. Scrapped in April 1965 in Bruges.
"Empire Dominica".
"Empire Dominica" was a 7,306 GRT cargo ship which was built by Short Brothers Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 26 April 1945 and completed in August 1945. Sold in 1946 to the India Steamship Co Ltd, Calcutta and renameed "Indian Endeavour". Arrived on 22 September 1966 at Hong Kong for scrapping.
"Empire Don".
"Empire Don" was a 2,553 GRT cargo ship which was built by Ropner & Sons, Stockton on Tees. Launched in 1895 as "Barlby". Sold in 1926 to D A Mango, Greece and renamed "Noemi". Sold in 1930 to Noemijulia Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Noemijulia". Operated unde the management of W G Walton. Sold in 1940 to Compagnia Maritima Panama Ultramar Ltda, Panama. Sold in 1941 to Irish Shipping Ltd, Ireland and renamed "Irish Hazel". Requisitioned on 17 November 1943 at Newport, Monmouthshire while undergoing repairs. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Don". Returned in 1945 to Irish Shipping Ltd and renamed "Irish Hazel". Sold in 1949 to Turk Silepcilik Limitet, Turkey and renamed "Uman". Ran aground on 6 January 1960 at Kefken Point, Black Sea, a total loss.
"Empire Doon".
"Empire Doon" was a 17,362 GRT liner which was built by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg. Launched on 16 July 1936 as "Pretoria" for the German East Africa Line. Maiden voyage to Cape Town started on 19 December 1936, but ran aground at East Lepe, in the Solent. Undamaged and later refloated. Requisitioned in 1939 by the Kriegsmarine and used as a submarine depot ship. Converted to a hospital ship in 1940. Seized in May 1945 at Copenhagen, To MoWT and renamed "Empire Doon". Converted to a troopship at Newcastle upon Tyne. Operated under the management of the Orient Steam Navigation Co Ltd. Problems with her boilers meant that she had to be withdrawn from service. She was towed back to the UK from Port Said and laid up off Southend on Sea. She was re-boilered by J I Thorneycroft & Co, Southampton. Renamed "Empire Orwell" on completion of refit in January 1950. Withdrawn in December 1957 and laid up at Isle of Portland. Chartered in 1958 to Pan-Islamic Steamship Co, Karachi, then sold later that year to Ocean Steamship Co, Liverpool. Operated under the management of A Holt & Co. Refitted in 1958 by Barclay, Curle & Co, Glasgow. Intended to be renamed "Dardanus" but was renamed "Gunung Djati". Sold in 1962 to the Indonesian Government. Sold in 1964 to Perushaan Pelajaran Arafat, Djakarta. New diesel engines fitted in 1972 in Hong Kong. To the Indonesian Navy in 1979 and renamed KRI "Tanjung Pandan", with pennant number 971. Laid up in 1981 in Tanjung Priok as an accommodation vessel. Sold in 1987 to shipbreakers in Taiwan.
"Empire Dorado".
"Empire Dorado" was a 5,595 GRT cargo ship which was built by Atlantic Corporation, Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Launched in 1920 as "Tolosa" for the USSB. To MoWT in 1940 and renamed "Empire Dorado". Bombed on 8 November 1940 west of Ireland (). Towed to the Clyde for repairs. Collided on 20 November 1941 with SS "Theomitor" at . Taken in tow by a Royal Navy ship but sank on 22 November 1941.
"Empire Doreen" (I).
"Empire Doreen" was a 307 GRT tug which was built by Scott & Sons, Bowling. Laid down as "Empire Doreen" but launched on 1 May 1946 as "Nirumund" for Petroleum Steamship Co Ltd, London. Sold in 1955 to British Tanker Co Ltd and renamed "BP Defender". Renamed "Nirumund" in 1956. Sold in 1958 to BP Tanker Co Ltd. Sold in 1971 to Gulf Shipping Co Ltd, Iran and renamed "Niru". Sank 1 mile north of Abadan, date unknown.
"Empire Doreen" (II).
"Empire Doreen" was a 292 GRT tug which was built by Cochrane & Sons Ltd, Selby. Laid down as "Empire Doreen" but launched on 4 February 1946 as "Empire Hedda" and completed in September 1946 as "Atlas" for Bergnings och Dykari A/B Neptun, Sweden. Sold in 1965 to Rim. Sardi, Italy and renamed "Maroso". Scrapped in 1986 in Italy.
"Empire Doric".
"Empire Doric" was a LST3 which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Govan. Completed in June 1945 as "LST 3041", she was converted to a ferry in 1948. Arrived on 13 January 1960 at Port Glasgow for scrapping.
"Empire Doris".
"Empire Doris" was a 258 GRT tug which was built by Scott & Sons, Bowling. Launched on 14 March 1944 and completed in April 1944. Chartered in 1945 to British Tanker Co Ltd. Sold in 1948 to Petroleum Steamship Co Ltd, London and renamed "Bahramand". Sold in 1958 to BP Tanker Co Ltd. Sold in 1968 to A Shafei, Iran and renamed "Tahamtan".
"Empire Dorothy".
"Empire Dorothy" was a 259 GRT tug which was built by Cook, Welton & Gemmell Ltd, Beverley, Yorkshire. Launched on 1 August 1945 and completed in October 1945. Sent to Singapore and Japan to work. Sold in 1949 to Malaya Railways. Sold in 1958 to the Government of Malaya and renamed "Dorothy". allocated to the Port Swettenham Port Authority. Sold in 1970 to Straits Engineers Ltd, Singapore. New diesel engine fitted in 1973. Sold in 1975 to World Dredging Ltd, Panama and renamed "Straits Winner". Sold in 1981 to shipbreakers, scrapped in February 1983 in Jurong, Singapore.
"Empire Dorrit".
"Empire Dorrit" was a 965 GRT coaster which was built by Scott & Sons, Bowling. Launched on 4 October 1944 and completed in December 1944. To the French Government in 1945 and renamed "Lieutenant Lancelot". Operated under the management of Société Navale Caennaise Sa, France. Sold in 1954 to Holderness Steamship Co and renamed "Holdernith". Operated under the management of T Kittlewell & Son Ltd, Hull. Grounded on 17 January 1957 on Whitton Sand, Humber Estuary and sank. Refloated on 19 January 1957 and towed to Hull. Scrapped in 1963 in Grays, Essex.
"Empire Douglas".
"Empire Douglas" was a 1,925 GRT cargo ship which was built by Duivendijks Scheepwerke, Lekkerkerk. Launched in 1943 as "Wilhelmshaven" for Hamburg America Line. Seized in May 1945 at Kiel. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Douglas". Allocated in 1946 to USSR and renamed "Korsun Shevtshenkovsky". Scrapped in March 1972 in Ghent, Belgium.
"Empire Dove".
"Empire Dove" was a 2,503 GRT cargo ship which was built by NV Scheeps Gebr Pot, Bolnes, Netherlands. Intended to be "Hermes" for Koninklijke Nederlandsche Stoomboot Maatschappij but seized in May 1945 in an incomplete state. completed in June 1946 in Germany, to MoWT and renamed "Empire Dove". Sold in 1949 to MacAndrews & Co Ltd, London. Renamed "Pozarica" in 1953. Sold in 1964 to Societa Anônimo Letasa, Spain and renamed "Blue Fin". On 27 November 1965 she lost her rudder in a storm. Although she was taken in tow her cargo shifted and she sank on 28 November west of La Rochelle, France.
"Empire Dovey".
"Empire Dovey" was a 2,883 GRT cargo ship which was built by AG Weser, Bremen. Launched in 1929 as "Hercules" for Neptun Line, Bremen. Seized in May 1945 at Copenhagen. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Dovey". Allocated in 1946 to USSR and renamed "Kirovograd". Scrapped in September 1968 in West Germany.
"Empire Downland".
"Emire Downland" was a 683 GRT hopper ship which was built by Fleming & Ferguson Ltd, Paisley. Launched on 19 December 1944 and completed in April 1945. Sold in 1945 to the Superintendent Civil Engineer, Bombay. Sold in 1947 to Melbourne Harbour Trust Commissioners, Melbourne, Australia and renamed "Chas. A Phayer". Sold in 1966 to Devonport Marine Board, Devonport, Tasmania and renamed "Leven". Scrapped in June 1988 in Devonport, Tasmania.
"Empire Dragon".
"Empire Dragon" was a 6,854 GRT cargo ship which was built by Hong Kong & Whampoa Dock Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Launched on 6 December 1941, captured in an incomplete state by the Japanese and completed by them as "Gyōkū Maru". Torpedoed on 14 November 1944 and sunk by in the East China Sea ().
"Empire Drayton".
"Empire Drayton" was a 7,023 GRT cargo ship which was built by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd, Wallsend. Launched on 23 October 1941 and completed in February 1942. To Belgian Government in 1942 and renamed "Belgian Sailor". Sold in 1946 to Compagnie Maritime Belge SA, Belgium and renamed "Capitaine Biebuyck". Sold in 1958 to Yugoslavian Government and renamed "Kastav". Sold in 1965 to Ivory Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Ivory Tellus". Operated under the management of Aries Shipping Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Arrived on 22 April 1970 at Hirao, Japan for scrapping.
"Empire Driver".
"Empire Driver" was a 7,042 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co Ltd, West Hartlepool. Launched on 24 September 1942 and completed in November 1942. To the French Government in 1945 and renamed "Radiotélégraphiste Biard". Operated under the management of Compagnie des Chargeurs Reunis. Sold in 1950 to Pasquale Mazzella, Naples and renamed "Dea Mazzella". Renamed "Maria Mazzella" in 1956. Sold in 1960 to Pala and Franchescini, Genoa and renamed "Falzarego". Sold in 1964 to Societa per Azioni Costanza, Genoa and renamed "Grazia Prima". Sold in 1965 to Luzmar SA, Liberia and renamed "Missouri". Arrived on 8 February 1969 at Santander, Spain for scrapping.
"Empire Druid".
"Empire Druid" was a 9,829 GRT tanker which was built by Sir J Laing & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 10 September 1941 and completed in December 1941. To Norwegian Government in 1942 and renamed "Norholm". Sold in 1946 to Olsen & Ugelstad, Oslo and renamed "Haukefell". New diesel engine fitted in 1949. Sold in 1952 to Compagnia Atlantica Pacifica SA, Panama and renamed "Bluewater". Operated under the management of Tidewater Commercial Co Inc, Baltimore, USA. Arrived on 27 July 1959 at Osaka for scrapping.
"Empire Drum".
"Empire Drum" was a 7,244 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Doxford & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 19 November 1941 and completed in March 1942. Torpedoed on 24 April 1942 and sunk by "U-136" at .
"Empire Drury".
"Empire Drury" was a 797 GRT coaster which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co, Grangemouth. Launched on 7 October 1944 and completed in December 1944. Sold in 1947 to Shell Mex & BP Ltd and renamed "Shelbrit 6". Renamed "BP Refiner" in 1952. Sold in 1964 to Compagnia Siciliana Navi Cisterna SpA, Italy and renamed "Cosina". Scrapped in June 1973 in Palermo, Italy.
"Empire Dryden".
"Empire Dryden" was a 7,164 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Doxford & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 22 October 1941 and completed in February 1942. Torpedoed on 20 April 1942 and sunk by "U-572" north of the Bahamas ().
"Empire Duchess".
"Empire Duchess" was a 7,067 GRT cargo ship which was built by Short Brothers Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 14 August 1943 and completed in December 1943. Sold in 1949 to Union Castle Mail Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Braemar Castle". Sold in 1950 to King Line Ltd and renamed "King James". Sold in 1958 to Cambay Prince Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Tyne Breeze". Operated under the management of J Manners & Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Sold in 1963 to Cathay Trader Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Cathay Trader", remaining under Manners' management. Sold in 1964 to Pacific Pearl Navigation Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Pearl Light". Sold in 1966 to Marikar Navigation & Agencies Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Habib Marikar". On 3 November 1967 she suffered a major engine breakdown in heavy weather at . The next day she drifted ashore on Lincoln Island, Paracel Islands (), a constructive total loss.
"Empire Duke".
"Empire Duke" was a 7,249 GRT cargo ship which was built by J L Thompson & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 20 July 1943 and completed in November 1943. Sold in 1945 to the French Government and renamed "Lieutenant J Le Meur". Sold in 1949 to Compagnie Franco-Cherifienne de Navigation, Morocco and renamed "Zelidja". Sold in 1955 to Compagnia de Navigazione Hellespont SA, Liberia and renamed "Propontis". Sold in 1957 to Compagnie de Navigazione Propontis Liberia SA, Liberia. Operated under the management of A M Embiricos, Monaco. Arrived on 24 May 1966 at Kaohsiung for scrapping.
"Empire Dunbar".
"Empire Dunbar" was an 8,187 GRT cargo ship which was built by Sir J Laing & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 3 April 1946 and completed in September 1946 as RFA "Wave Laird". Scrapped in March 1970 in Gandia, Spain.
"Empire Dunlin".
"Empire Dunlin" was a 6,326 GRT cargo ship which was built by Skinner & Eddy Corp, Seattle. Launched in 1919 as "Editor" for the USSB. To MoWT in 1941 and renamed "Empire Dunlin". To the Norwegian Government in 1942 and renamed "Norlom". Ran aground on 26 April 1942 on Valient Rock, New London, Connecticut. Refloated on 11 May 1942 and towed to New York for repairs. Bombed on 2 December 1943 and sunk in Bari Harbour, Italy.
"Empire Dunnet".
"Empire Dunnet" was a 7,373 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co Ltd, West Hartlepool. Launched on 10 July 1945 and completed in September 1945. Sold in 1946 to Clan Line Steamers Ltd and renamed "Clan Mackinnon". Sold in 1961 to Mullion & Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Ardross". Sold in 1963 to Kinabatangan Shipping SA, Panama and renamed "Labuan Bay". Operated under the management of United China Shipping Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Ran aground on 20 March 1967 at Bancoran Island, Borneo () and caught fire. Refloated on 24 March 1967 and towed to Manila, Philippines. A further fire occurred on 11 July 1967. Scrapped in November 1967 at Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
"Empire Dunstan".
"Empire Dunstan" was a 2,887 GRT cargo ship which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co Ltd, Grangemouth. Launched on 19 November 1941 and completed in January 1942. Torpedoed on 18 November 1943 and sunk by "U-81" in the Ionian Sea ().
"Empire Durant".
"Empire Durant" was a 2,902 GRT cargo ship which was built by Eltringham's Ltd, Willington on Tyne. Launched in 1921 as "Dalewood". Sold in 1923 to B Blumenfeld Akt, Germany and renamed "Bernhard Blumenfeld". Sold in 1938 to Krupp Reederei und Kohlenhandel GmbH, Essen and renamed "Carl Jüngst". Seized in May 1945 at Kiel, to MoWT and renamed "Empire Durant". Allocated in 1946 to USSR and renamed "Tambov", used as a mother ship for Russian trawler fleets. Removed from shipping registers in 1958.
"Empire Dweller".
"Empire Dweller" was a 667 GRT coastal tanker which was built by G Brown & Co (Marine) Ltd, Greenock. Launched on 19 February 1942 and completed in June 1942. Sold in 1945 to F T Everard & Sons Ltd and renamed "Asperity". Sold in April 1967 to A E Pearce Ltd, Essex for scrapping but resold, reported to have been scrapped in May 1967 in Belgium.
"Empire Dyke".
"Empire Dyke" was a 489 GRT coaster which was built by Clelands (Successors) Ltd, Wallsend. Launched on 15 January 1942 and completed in April 1942. To Dutch Government in 1943 and renamed "Prinses Margriet". Sold in 1954 to South Coast Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Sand Star". Operated under the management of Burness Shipping Co Ltd. Converted to a sand dredger in 1955 and management passed to Wm Cory & Sons Ltd in 1956. Collided with on 4 March 1966 and sank. Raised in May and scrapped in September 1966 in Grays, Essex.
"Empire Dynasty".
"Empire Dynasty" was a 9,905 GRT cargo ship which was built by J L Thompson & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 22 May 1944 and completed in November 1944. Sold in 1946 to Eastern & Australian Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Eastern". Sold in 1965 to Eddie Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Dori". Operated under the management of W H Eddie Hsu, Taiwan. Sold on 4 July 1967 for scrapping while lying at Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
See also.
The above entries give a precis of each ship's history. For a fuller account see the linked articles.

</doc>
<doc id="21504571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504571" title="Binda Group">
Binda Group

The Binda Group is an Italian watch, jewelry, leather accessories corporate group founded by Innocente Binda in 1906, headquartered in Milan and headed by brothers Marcello and Simone Binda, grandsons of the founder. 
Organization.
The company owns subsidiaries in eight countries (Italy, the United States, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Portugal and China) and has 50 distributors, serving more than 12,000 retailers worldwide. Binda's three main business units are watches, jewelry and leather. It produces and distributes its own brands, including several companies. The group also licenses watch and jewelry brands from Dolce & Gabbana with brands D&G Time and D&G Jewels, from Moschino with brands Moschino CheapAndChic and Love Moschino, from Ducati Corse and from Nike. In 1997, Binda acquired the distribution rights to Seiko and Lorus for the Italian market. It also distributes Paris Hilton watches in Italy and upscale Glam Rock watches in the United States, Canada and Italy.
Binda operates in more than 70 markets with approximately 400 employees worldwide, and ended 2007 with consolidated revenues of €297 million and sales of approximately 5 million pieces. Its watches include those made in the Far East, retailing under $100 (75 euros), Swiss-made ones, averaging about $1,400 (1,000 euros), and complicated tourbillon watches, retailing above $184,000 (130,000 euros).
Breil Milano’s two brand ambassadors are Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron and movie star Edward Norton.
Subsidiaries.
The following companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of Binda Group:

</doc>
<doc id="21504598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504598" title="Mutavdžić">
Mutavdžić

Mutavdžić (English: sr. "mutav", mute, cognates: Mutavčić, Mutavđić) is a Serbian surname, may refer to:
Around 70 people with the surname were killed during the Second World War in the Jasenovac concentration camp by Fascist Ustashe forces.

</doc>
<doc id="21504603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504603" title="Adjutant's Call">
Adjutant's Call

Adjutant's Call is a bugle call indicating that the adjutant is about to form the guard, battalion, or regiment.)<br>The top staff is for the Bugler, while the lower staff is for the Drums and the Cymbals.

</doc>
<doc id="21504606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504606" title="Healabhal Bheag">
Healabhal Bheag

Healabhal Bheag is a hill located on the Duirinish peninsula of Skye in the Inner Hebrides. It is also known as MacLeod's Table South and is part of the prominent pair of peaks known as MacLeod's Tables that dominate the views to the west of Dunvegan and to the north of the Harlosh peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="21504628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504628" title="Attention (bugle call)">
Attention (bugle call)

Attention is a bugle call sounded as a warning that troops are about to be called to attention.
Attention was also used for custom automobile horns in the 1930s and 1940s, and is most recognizable for that reason.

</doc>
<doc id="21504635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504635" title="Boots and Saddles">
Boots and Saddles

Boots and Saddles is a bugle call sounded for mounted troops to mount and take their place in line. It was adopted by the United States Army in 1841. In the British Army it is used as a parade call.

</doc>
<doc id="21504640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504640" title="Mr. Music Originally">
Mr. Music Originally

Mr. Music Originally, is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1979 by Studio One, the Motown of Jamaica. 

</doc>
<doc id="21504645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504645" title="Binda">
Binda

Binda (बिन्दा) is JAT gotra mostly found in Ratanpura, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
History.
Binda is JAT gotra mostly found in Ratanpura Village of Churu District of Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="21504650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504650" title="Call to Quarters">
Call to Quarters

Call to Quarters is a bugle call which signals all personnel not authorized to be absent to their quarters for the night.

</doc>
<doc id="21504656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504656" title="Geneva Watch Group">
Geneva Watch Group

Geneva Watch Group is a Binda Group's company.
History.
On September 4, 2008, the Binda Group entered an agreement with private equity firm Heritage Partners to acquire 100 percent of "Advance Watch Group Ltd.", the U.S. watch and clock manufacturer doing business as "Geneva Watch". Geneva Watch Group began producing timepieces in 1974 and is headquartered in New York. The company has around 1800 employees worldwide, split between locations in the US (300 in New York and Michigan) and the Far East (1500 in Hong Kong and China). The company makes and distributes its own surfer brand "Freestyle" and also licenses brands from Kenneth Cole, Tommy Bahama, Betsey Johnson, BCBG, Ted Baker, Mexx, Speedo, Elgin, Thomas Kinkade and Mudd Jeans.
During the year ending March 2008, Geneva recorded net revenues of US$192 million, and sold around 25 million watches. With the acquisition, Binda expects 2008’s total sale revenues to reach €450 million euros ($665 million). The company will be headed by Jeff Gregg, who will report to Gianni Pieraccioni, Binda Group managing director.

</doc>
<doc id="21504660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504660" title="Guangdong Institute of Science and Technology">
Guangdong Institute of Science and Technology

Guangdong Institute of Science and Technology () is a provincial university located in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China.
History.
The university was established in 1985 by the provincial government. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in science, engineering and technology.

</doc>
<doc id="21504667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504667" title="Charge (bugle call)">
Charge (bugle call)

Charge is a bugle call which signals to execute a charge, or to gallop forward into harm's way with deadly intent. A simple unmistakable call, it was even recognizable by experienced horses.

</doc>
<doc id="21504679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504679" title="Church Call">
Church Call

Church Call is a bugle call which signals that religious services are about to begin. The call may also be used to announce the formation of a funeral escort.

</doc>
<doc id="21504680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504680" title="1986 AFC Women's Championship">
1986 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1986 AFC Women's Championship was held in December 1986 in Hong Kong. The tournament was won by for the first time by China in the final against Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="21504681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504681" title="Richard Mulligan (footballer)">
Richard Mulligan (footballer)

Richard Mulligan is a former association football player who represented New Zealand. 
Mulligan made his full All Whites debut in a 5-0 win over Fiji on 3 June 1985 and ended his international playing career with 24 A-international caps, his final cap being in a 0-1 loss, also against Fiji, on 19 November 1988.
Mulligan is still involved with football, currently as manager of Gisborne City.

</doc>
<doc id="21504688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504688" title="Lah-Lah">
Lah-Lah

Lah-Lah is a five member children's music group from Sydney, Australia. Lah-Lah has both recorded albums and filmed television content, and also performs at live events. The music of Lah-Lah ranges in styles from world music and surf-rock to jazz and gypsy. Lah-Lah's repertoire is primarily composed by Mark Harris and Tina Harris. Lah-Lah aims to introduce music and musical instruments to children and their families through fun and entertainment.
Live.
Lah-Lah performed at the Sutherland Entertainment Centre, Seymour Centre and Parramatta Town Hall in January 2009 for its inaugural season.
In October 2009 Century Venues children's entertainment arm Century's Child produced Lah-Lah into the Enmore Theatre for a two week run of proms style concerts for kids.
Lah-Lah opened the entertainment on the main stage of The Domain, Sydney for celebrations on Australia Day 2010 and was also featured at the St Kilda Festival in February.
The Sydney Opera House hosted Lah-Lah for 24 sold out shows as part of its Babies Proms season in May 2010.
In October 2010 Lah-Lah presented a short season of 'Lah-Lah's Adventures' at the Cantebury-Hurlstone Park RSL, Mounties club and Harbord Diggers club.
In November 2010 Lah-Lah was a featured act at the Splash Festival at the Aquatic Centre at Sydney Olympic Park in Homebush.
The Sydney Festival 2011 presented the second Lah-Lah live production, 'Lah-Lah's Musical Wonderland' throughout the festival with shows at the Festival First Night in Hyde Park, The Famous Spiegeltent in Hyde Park, and The Riverside Theatre in Parramatta.
Following the May 2010 Babies Proms season, the Sydney Opera House commissioned a new show concept from Lah-Lah in the 30th anniversary year of the Babies Proms. The commission was for the inaugural presentation in a new series - the Family Proms - aimed at offering wonderful musical experiences to all primary aged children. The show, 'Lah-Lah's BIG Live Band', featuring an 11 piece big band (trumpets: Simon Sweeney, Dane Laboyrie, Ray Cassar, Elizabeth Geyer, trombones: Lucian McGuiness, Alex Silver, Justin Kearin, saxophones: Andrew 'Jock' Robertson, David Theak, Richard 'Woody the Woodwind' Maegraith, Stephan Schafer), twenty child violinists as well as twenty child singer/dancers in addition to the core Lah-Lah quintet, presented 5 concerts in the Sydney Opera House Concert Hall for the House:Ed and Kids At The House Programs from 24–26 June 2011.
The Powerkidz festival at the Brisbane Powerhouse was the second interstate live show for Lah-Lah in July 2011.
In September 2011 Lah-Lah performed two shows at the opening of Darling Quarter in Darling Harbour, New South Wales.
The City Of Sydney council included Lah-Lah in the program for the lighting of the Christmas Tree concert in Martin Place, Sydney in November 2011. Lah-Lah was also scheduled to perform at the Village Christmas concerts in Rushcutters Bay and Rosebery, however the shows were postponed due to poor weather. Lah-Lah subsequently performed at the Martin Place concert in November 2012 and has appeared at various Village Christmas Concerts each year.
December 2011 saw Lah-Lah continue to expand nationally with their first Western Australian concerts with performances at the Worlds Festival in Fremantle as part of the ISAF Sailing World Championships.
The Melbourne Recital Centre programmed Lah-Lah for a show in the Elizabeth Murdoch Hall as part of the Music Play children's music festival in January 2012.
Lah-Lah continue to tour nationally with concerts in Victoria at the Between the Bays festival in Mornington Peninsula, in South Australia as part of the Something on Saturday series at the Adelaide Festival Centre, the Kids Day Out festival in Sydney, the City Recital Hall Angel Place, Newcastle Museum, Floriade Nightfest in Canberra, Glebe Street Fair, Sydney Festival, World's Biggest Playgroup, Roola Boola festival in Melbourne, and the Dress Up Attack festival in Sydney amongst others.
Audio.
Lah-Lah recorded its debut album Shake It Like This in November 2008 at Sydney's Megaphon Studios.
Lah-Lah recorded its second album Making Music Lah-Lah's Way in 2011 at Sydney's Megaphon Studios.
Lah-Lah albums are independently released.
Video/TV.
In July 2009 Lah-Lah went to Down Under studios, Sydney with production company LitUp Digital to film 12 music video clips from the Shake It Like This album. Other elements were shot in addition to the clips and together they will form the Lah-Lah debut music DVD Lah-Lah's Big Live Band.
Also in July, Lah-Lah signed a broadcast agreement with Nickelodeon Australia for the video clips. The Lah-Lah clips went on air daily on Nickelodeon Australia's preschool channel Nick Jr. Australia on 13 September 2009.
In February 2010 the clips were licensed to Nickelodeon Southeast Asia and also Nickelodeon New Zealand and began airing during March 2010.
In April 2013 Lah-Lah went into production on series 1 of a television program entitled Lah-Lah's Adventures, producing 26 x 12 minute episodes of a live action and animation preschool music show. The show will be broadcast internationally from early 2014 on the Seven Network's 7Two on free to air television in Australia, CBeebies on Foxtel/Austar in Australia and New Zealand, BBC International channels on pay television internationally, and BBC Kids and Knowledge Network in Canada. The series is an Australian-Canadian official co-production produced by Stella Projects in Australia and Bardel Entertainment in Canada.
Group Members.
Tina Harris as Lah-Lah (vocals)Mark Harris as Buzz The Band Leader and Lola Double Bass(double bass/vocals)Nic Cecire as Tom Tom (drums/percussion/backing vocals)Matt Ottignon as Mr Saxophone (tenor and soprano saxophones/clarinet/flute)Gary Daley as Squeezy Sneezy (piano accordion/keyboards)
Reviews.
Live Show Review - Sydney Festival 2011 - Daily Telegraph. 18 January 2011
Live Show Review - Enmore Theatre 2009 - Arts Rocket. 8 October 2009
Discography.
Shake It Like This (2008) - Audio CD
Lah-Lah's Big Live Band (2009) - DVD
Making Music Lah-Lah's Way (2011) - Audio CD

</doc>
<doc id="21504692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504692" title="Drill Call">
Drill Call

Drill Call is a bugle call which sounds as a warning to turn out for drill.

</doc>
<doc id="21504697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504697" title="Fatigue Call">
Fatigue Call

Fatigue Call is a bugle call which signals all designated personnel to report for fatigue duty.

</doc>
<doc id="21504698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504698" title="Bengoshi no Kuzu">
Bengoshi no Kuzu

The manga was adapted into a 12-episode TV drama, which was broadcast on Tokyo Broadcasting System between April 13, 2006 and June 29, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21504701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504701" title="Durack">
Durack

Durack may refer to:
The Western Australian pioneer family:
Other people of that name:
Places:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="21504706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504706" title="Fire Call">
Fire Call

Fire Call is a bugle call which signals that there is a fire on the post or in the vicinity. The call is also used for fire drill.

</doc>
<doc id="21504712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504712" title="First Sergeant's Call">
First Sergeant's Call

First Sergeant's Call is a bugle call which signals that the First Sergeant is about to form the company.

</doc>
<doc id="21504715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504715" title="Dilce">
Dilce

Dilce () is a small settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. Dilce was a hamlet of Goriče until 1994, when it was separated and made an independent settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="21504724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504724" title="Maglalatik">
Maglalatik

The Maglalatik is an indigenous dance from the Philippines in which coconut shell halves that are secured onto the dancers' hands and on vests upon which are hung four or six more coconut shell halves. The dancers - all male - perform the dance by hitting one coconut shell with the other - sometimes the ones on the hands, sometimes, the ones on the body, and sometimes the shells worn by another performer, all in time to a fast drumbeat. Like many native Filipino dances, it is intended to impress the viewer with the great skill of the dancer, and in some Filipino Martial Arts (FMA) circles, it has been noted that the manlalatik "consists of a trapping and boxing method hidden in a dance."
The name of the dance comes from the Filipino word "Latik", which means "fried coconut milk curd", a coconut product that is used in Filipino cooking, particularly in snacks.
Sources.
The Maglalatik is an indigenous dance from the Philippines in which coconut shell halves that are secured onto the dancers' hands and on vests upon which are hung four or six more coconut shell halves. The dancers - all male - perform the dance by hitting one coconut shell with the other - sometimes the ones on the hands, sometimes, the ones on the body, and sometimes the shells worn by another performer, all in time to a fast drumbeat.
Originally performed in Binan, Laguna as a mock-war dance that demonstrates a fight between the Moros and the Christians over the prized latik or coconut meat during the Spanish rule, this dance is also shown to pay tribute to the town’s patron saint, San Isidro Labrador. It has a four-part performance such as the palipasan and the baligtaran showing the intense battle, the paseo and the escaramusa- the reconciliation. Moro dancers wear read trousers while the Christian dancers show up in blue. All dancers are male; with harnesses of coconut shells attached on their chests, backs, thighs and hips.

</doc>
<doc id="21504727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504727" title="Illuminatus (band)">
Illuminatus (band)

Illuminatus (commonly typeset as illuminatus) are an alternative metal band from Nottingham.
History.
Early Years (2002-2007).
Illuminatus formed in 2002 and shortly afterwards entered the Battle of the Bands competition in Nottingham, winning the competition and using the prize money to record and release their first EP, "Suburban Symmetry" in 2002, which gained acclaim from local press.
Their first commercial release, the "Aborted Revolutions" EP was recorded with Harvey Birrell (Therapy?, Ministry) at Southern Studios in Wood Green, London, and was released in 2003 to good reviews, including I Will Be Heard, who described the EP as "...a dark, emotionally charged and often claustrophobic atmosphere that is performed with enthusiasm and masses of vitality, like telling a brothers Grimm tale while hiding in the shadows and then using a loud hailer..." A video for the track "Wargasm" was released shortly afterwards.
The success of the EP led to the band securing a space on the Darwin (Unsigned) stage at the Bloodstock festival in 2003, the first of 3 appearances at the festival with further appearances in 2004 and 2006, supporting acts such as Children of Bodom, Primal Fear and Gamma Ray. The performance introduced the band to Carbon 13 studios based in Runcorn, where they recorded their last EP, the Carbon 13 recordings. This EP was never due for commercial release and was released free to their fans at shows under an agreement with Carbon 13 studios.
From 2006 to 2007, the band went through a number of line up changes, and finally the decision was made to continue as a 4 piece without keyboards, with the band returning to the studio to re-arrange their existing tracks.
The Wrath of the Lambs.
In 2008, the band began to focus on their newly recorded album, "The Wrath of the Lambs", securing the release of the album through AntHill Records with distribution provided by Pinnacle. The album was released on 26 May 2008, receiving good reviews from Room Thirteen and Rock 3 Music magazine. Three videos for the tracks "Black" and "Wait" were released in 2008, and another was released in 2009 for "Captive State".
To support the release, the band went on tour during July 2008, and secured dates on the UK Leg of Ministry's final UK tour, the C-U-LaTour. Their first full UK and Ireland tour took place in October 2008, supporting LA's My Ruin. and they were billed as main support on Breed77 & Susperia's UK tour in May 2009. Illuminatus were also granted the opportunity to play on three dates in June 2009 as support for Prong.
Glasnost.
The end of 2009 and early 2010 saw Illuminatus return to the studio to start finalising the writing for their second album, "Glasnost". In June 2010, they made a trip over to Hanover, Germany to visit the Institut für Wohlklangforschung and record the new album with Willi Dammeier. The two week recording process was documented by the band on their website. The album was released on the 7 February 2011 and gained highly praised reviews from a number of international magazines and fanzines including Circle Pit, This Is Not A Scene, Pure Rawk and Dead Press A video for "Murdocracy" was released on 6 May 2011.
In support of the album, the band went on a headline UK tour in February and March, and secured a slot at the 2011 Download Festival. The band have also announced a three date UK tour with Sworn to Oath, and a European tour with Hawklords.

</doc>
<doc id="21504743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504743" title="Self-portrait (Giorgione)">
Self-portrait (Giorgione)

The Self-portrait of Giorgione is a 1510 self-portrait by the Italian painter Giorgione. It is held at the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest, from which it was stolen on 5 November 1983. It was recovered in Operation Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="21504744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504744" title="Ortwin Kuske">
Ortwin Kuske

Ortwin Kuske (3 February 1921 – 19 February 1972) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. 
Ortwin Kuske was born in Militsch in Schlesien. 
During World War II he volunteered for the Waffen SS. He was awarded the Knight's Cross while a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant), in command of the 3rd Company, 17th SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion together with an attached Heer unit. It stopped a US armoured advance dead in its tracks whilst 17th SS GvB was involved in defending Metz.
Metz subsequently fell to the US forces on 22 November 1944 and Kuske was awarded his Knights Cross for "Outstanding bravery and leadership". Testimony to the savagery of this particular event was that 8O% of Kuske's battlegroup was killed or wounded. 
Kuske survived the war and died of cancer on 19 February 1972 in Westerholt.

</doc>
<doc id="21504755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504755" title="Gorenje, Postojna">
Gorenje, Postojna

Gorenje (; ) is a village in the hills northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Leonard and belongs to the Parish of Studeno.

</doc>
<doc id="21504756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504756" title="Yingjie Jay Guo">
Yingjie Jay Guo

Yingjie Jay Guo is a professor of engineering and is the Director of the Wireless Technologies Laboratory in CSIRO and more recently the Leader of the Smart and Secure Infrastructure Portfolio (Theme) in the Digital Productivity and Services National Flagship. He is a scientist in antennas, wireless and broadband communications research. He is a recipient of Australia Engineering Innovation Award (2012), Australia Engineering Excellence Award (2007), and CSIRO Chairman's Medal (2007 & 2012).
Education.
BSc from Xidian University, 1982 <br>
(Honorary) PhD from University of Bradford, UK, 1997
Works.
Books:
1. José Luis Gómez-Tornero, Andrew R. Weily, and Y. Jay Guo, “Rectiliear Leaky-Wave Antennas with Broad Beam Patterns Using Hybrid Printed Circuit Waveguides” accepted by IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation.
2. María García-Vigueras, José Luis Gómez-Tornero, George Goussetis, Andrew R. Weily, and Y. Jay Guo, “1D-Leaky Wave Antenna Employing Parallel-Plate Waveguide Loaded with PRS and HIS,” accepted by IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation.
3. M. García-Vigueras, J.L. Gómez-Tornero, G. Goussetis, Andrew R. Wiley, and Y. Jay Guo, “Enhancing Frequency-Scanning Response of Leaky-Wave Antennas Using High Impedance Surfaces,” IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters, Vol.10, pp. 7–10, March 2011.
4. Meng Ma, Xiaojing Huang, Bingli Jiao, and Y. Jay Guo,"Optimal Orthogonal Precoding for Power Leakage Suppression in DFT-Based Systems," IEEE Trans. on Communications, vol. 59, pp. 844 – 853, Mar. 2011.
5. Peiyuan Qin, Andrew Weily, Y. Jay Guo and Changhong Liang, “Polarization Reconfigurable U-Slot Patch Antenna,” IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, Vol. 58 No. 10, Oct 2010, pp3383–3388.
6. José Luis Gómez-Tornero, Fernando Quesada-Pereira, Alejandro Alvarez-Melcón, George Goussetis, Andrew R. Weily and Y. Jay Guo, “Frequency Steerable Two Dimensional Focusing Using Rectilinear Leaky-Wave Lenses,” IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, Vol 59, No. 2 Feb 2011, pp407–415.
7. Peiyuan Qin, Y. Jay Guo and Changhong Liang, “Effect of Antenna Polarization Diversity on MIMO System Capacity,” IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters, vol. 9, 2010, pp1092–1095.
8. Y. Cai, Y. J. Guo and A. Weily, “A Frequency Reconfigurable Quasi-Yagi Dipole,” IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters, vol. 9, 2010, pp883–886.
9. Peiyuan Qin, Andrew Weily and Y. Jay Guo, “A Frequency Re-configurable Quasi-Yagi Folded Dipole Antenna”, IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, vol. 58, no. 8, pp. 2742–2747, August 2010.
10. X. Huang, Y. J. Guo and J. Bunton, “A Hybrid Adaptive Antenna Array”, IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications, Issue 5, Vol. 9, pp1770–1779, 2010.
11. Meng Ma, Xiaojing Huang and Y. Jay Guo, “An Interference Self-Cancellation Technique for SC-FDMA Systems”, IEEE Communications Letters, vol. 14, pp. 512–514, June, 2010.
12. A. Weily and Y. J. Guo, “Circularly Polarised Ellipse-Loaded Circular Slot Array for Millimetre-wave WPAN Applications,” IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, Vol. 57, No. 10, October 2009.
13. K. Yu and Y. J. Guo, “Anchor-Free Localization Algorithm and Performance Analysis in Wireless Sensor Networks”, IET Communications. Vol. 3, Issue 4, 2009, pp. 549–560.
14. K. Yu, Mark Hedley and Y. J. Guo, “TOA-Based Distributed Localization with Unknown Internal Delays and Clock Frequency Offsets in Wireless Sensor Networks,” IET Signal Processing, 2009, Vol. 3, Issue. 2, pp. 106–118.
15. K. Yu and Y. J Guo, “Anchor Global Position Accuracy Enhancement Based on Data Fusion”, IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, March, 2009.
16. K. Yu and Y. J. Guo, “Statistical NLOS identification based on AOA, TOA and signal strength,” IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, January 2009, Vol. 58, No. 1, pp. 274–286.
17. A. Weily, T. S. Bird and Y. J. Guo, “A Reconfigurable High Gain Partially Reflecting Surface Antenna”, IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, Nov. 2008, pp. 3382–3389.
18. K. Yu and Y. J. Guo, “Improved positioning algorithms for non-line-of-sight environments,” IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, Vol. 57, No. 4, July, 2008 pp. 2342–2353.
19. C. Tellambura, I. R. Johnson, Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, "Frequency Offset Estimation for Hiperlan", IEEE Trans Communications, August, 1999, pp. 1137–1139.
20. C. Tellambura, M. G. Parker, Y. J. Guo, S. J. Shepherd and S. K. Barton, “Optimal Sequences for Channel Estimation Using Discrete Fourier Transform Techniques” IEEE Trans Communications, Feb. 1999, Vol.47, No.2, pp. 230–238.
21. C. Tellambura, Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, “Channel Estimation Using Aperiodic Binary Sequences”, IEEE Communications Letters, May 1998, Vol.2, No.5, pp. 140–142.
22. Y. J. Guo, A. Paez, R. A. Sadeghzadeh and S. K. Barton, “A Circular Patch Antenna for Radio LANs”, IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, vol. 45, no. 1, 1997, pp. 177–178.
23. Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, “Phase Correcting Zonal Reflector Incorporating Rings”, IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, vol. 43, no. 4, April 1995, pp. 350–355.
24. Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, “Phase Efficiency of the Reflective Array Antenna”, IEE Proc. -Microwave Antennas and Propagation, vol. 142, no. 2, April 1995, pp. 115–120.
25. Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, “Analysis of One-Dimensional Zonal Reflectors”, IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, vol. 43, no. 4, April 1995, pp. 385–389.
26. Y. J. Guo, I. H. Sassi and S. K. Barton, “Offset Fresnel Lens Antenna”, IEE Proc. -Microwave Antennas and Propagation, vol. 141, no. 6, December 1994, pp. 517–522.
27. Y. J. Guo, I. H. Sassi and S. K. Barton, “Multilayer Offset Fresnel Zone Plate Reflector”, IEEE Microwave and Guided Wave Letters, vol. 4, no. 6, June 1994, pp. 196–198.
28. Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, “Fresnel Zone Plate Reflector Incorporating Rings”, IEEE Microwave and Guided Wave Letters, vol. 3, no. 11, Nov. 1993, pp. 417–419.
29. Y. J. Guo and S. K. Barton, “A High Efficiency Quarter-Wave Zone Plate Reflector”, IEEE Microwave and Guided Wave Letters, vol. 2, no. 12, Dec. 1992, pp. 470–471.
References.
http://www.ict.csiro.au/staff/jay.guo/

</doc>
<doc id="21504791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504791" title="Goriče, Postojna">
Goriče, Postojna

Goriče (; ) is a village west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Peter and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21504795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504795" title="Temuan people">
Temuan people

The Temuans are one of indigenous peoples of Malaysia.
They speak Temuan, an Austronesian language. Like other indigenous tribes in Malaysia, most Temuans live in poverty.
Flood Legend.
Many thousand years ago, a lot of Temuan people died because they had committed "Celau" (the sins that angered god and their ancestors). Their god has sent a "Celau" punishment in a form of a Great Flood which had drowned all the Temuan sinners that day. Only two of the Temuans, named Mamak and Inak Bungsuk survived that day by climbing at Eagwood tree at "Gunung Raja" (Royal Mountain) located at the border of Selangor and Pahang state. There was a Temuan village over there named Kampung Orang Asli Pertak. Mamak and Inak Bungsuk survived because they had an enchanting mantra or spell to ease down the "Celau" storm. "Gunung Raja" (Royal Mountain) became the birth places and ancestral home of the Temuan tribe.
Mamak Bungsuk (Adam) and Inak Bungsuk (Eve) are the Temuan analogues of Adam and Eve in the myth of the birth of humanity.
Religion.
A basic traditional Temuan belief is that their God and ancestors are always present with them, guarding their safety.
At the end of every year, the Temuans celebrate "Aik Gayak Muyang" (Ancestor Day in English). This celebration is to thank their God and ancestors for the crops they grow and for the peaceful life they have had.
The Temuans believe they were placed on the earth ("Tanah Tujuh") by "Muyang" (God) to be guardians of the rain forest and that if they fail in their sacred duty, the whole world will turn upside down and humanity will perish. Each river, hill, stream, rock, tree and shrub is animated by a guardian spirit. Rivers are guarded by dragons ("naga") and snakes ("ular") which often cause mayhem if their homes are desecrated.
The Temuan’s culture reflects their belief in these nature spirits. Their animism takes the form of taboos, herbal remedies, ritual ceremonies and magic. They have "dukun" (healers) and a village "bomoh" (shaman) who, when in a trance state, communicates with the nature spirits. It is the shaman who leads the tribe in the annual "sawai" - an ancient earth healing ritual to honour their ancestors and appease the guardian spirits.
Customs.
'"Some traditional superstitions still held by Temuans:
1. Respect for their elders & mdash; bad luck is said to strike those who fail in this.
2. They do not praise a baby, in the belief that it would make the child sick and die.
3. If a Temuan is travelling and a little rain falls, he must slip a leaf into his ear to protect himself on his journey.
4. If a Temuan desires something he cannot get, he must say "pinah hunan" and put their saliva on his neck, in the belief that failure to do so would result in an accident.
5. A Temuan who must leave a meal in a hurry without eating food must "tempot" (touch the food to his skin) before leaving, in the belief that failure to do so would result in an accident or death.
6. A Temuan must stay quiet during thunderstorm. If he makes noise, the Thunder god will mistake him for a devil and strike him. Temuans believe that a thunder strike occurs when the Thunder god is hunting devils. That is why they must stay quiet & mdash; to prevent the Thunder god from striking at them.
7. A murderer will be haunted by his victim's ghost.
8. Stay away from a place that was haunted, to avoid being disturbed by an evil spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="21504805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504805" title="Grobišče, Postojna">
Grobišče, Postojna

Grobišče () is a small village on the Pivka River southwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21504810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504810" title="Dolo River">
Dolo River

The Dolo mountain stream springs from the Mount Cusna's slopes (), in the Reggio-Emilia province, in the Tuscany-Emilia Romagna Apennine Mountains.
It is a natural boundary for the province of Reggio Emilia and the province of Modena.
Its flow ends into the Secchia river (), its length is about .
Three miles before ending into the Secchia river the Dragone mountain stream flows into it.
At the height of Fontanaluccia there is a dam () which provides water for a hydroeletric power plant () located downward in Farneta.

</doc>
<doc id="21504815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504815" title="Giovanbattista Branconio dell'Aquila">
Giovanbattista Branconio dell'Aquila

Giovanbattista Branconio dell'Aquila (1473 – 1522) was a papal protonotary and chamberlain, as well as a friend of the artist Raphael (who painted "The Visitation"; Raphael designed the palace of Palazzo Branconio dell'Aquila in the Borgo for him). 
Branconio, who was born in L'Aquila, was also the personal keeper of Hanno, the white elephant brought to Rome in 1514.
Raphael's Visitation.
Around 1517 Raphael painted a great Visitation at the request of Marino Branconio, father of Giovanni Battista. The Visitation enriched the Branconio Chapel inside the church of San Silvestro, near the family palazzo in Aquila. Marino's wife was named Elisabetta, and the Visitation represents the Virgin Mary and Saint Elizabeth. In 1655 the canvas was forcefully removed by occupying Spanish troops and taken to El Escorial. Today it is part of the permanent collection of the Museo del Prado, while a copy can be seen in the Branconio Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="21504834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504834" title="Hrašče, Postojna">
Hrašče, Postojna

Hrašče (; ) is a village west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Anne and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21504840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504840" title="Berrya cordifolia">
Berrya cordifolia

Berrya cordifolia (Trincomalee wood, හල්මිල්ල (Halmilla) in Sinhalese) is a species of tree native to much of Southeast Asia and introduced to Africa. It occurs in the forests of Christmas Island and Sri Lanka where it naturally occurs in the dry zone in the up country.
It is widely used for timber, and its bark is used for fibers. The wood has a number of uses, including furniture and historical applications in shipbuilding. It grows up to 27 meters tall.

</doc>
<doc id="21504850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504850" title="John Hugh Jones">
John Hugh Jones

John Hugh Jones (May 1843 – 15 December 1910) was a Welsh Roman Catholic priest, translator and tutor.
Life.
Jones was born in May 1843 in Bala, Gwynedd, north Wales. After education at Bala grammar school, and some private tuition from the Anglican priest and antiquarian John Williams (Ab Ithel) , he matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1862. He did not complete his degree course as he joined the Roman Catholic Church on 18 October 1865. He then studied at St. Edmund's Theological College in Ware, Hertfordshire and at St Beuno's Jesuit College in Tremeirchion, Denbighshire. He was ordained deacon and worked in Bangor, Gwynedd in 1871, preaching in both Welsh and English. He was then ordained priest in 1872 and served the town of Caernarvon until 1908, when he was moved to St Mary's College, Holywell, Flintshire as tutor in Welsh. During his life he translated into Welsh various religious writings, including hymns and a Prayer Book. He died in Holywell on 15 December 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="21504851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504851" title="2008 2. deild karla">
2008 2. deild karla

The 2008 season of 2. deild karla was the 43rd season of third-tier football in Iceland.
References.
RSSSF Page

</doc>
<doc id="21504858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504858" title="Hrenovice">
Hrenovice

Hrenovice (; ) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church, built about 1 km west of the main village, is dedicated to Saint Martin and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21504863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504863" title="Fred Papas">
Fred Papas

Fred Papas (10 May 1921 – 2 December 1984) was a Hauptsturmführer in the German SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (in recognition of extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership) while he was a Untersturmführer and a company commander in the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division in December 1944. Papas survived the war and died on the 2 December 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21504865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504865" title="Zhaoqing University">
Zhaoqing University

Zhaoqing University () is a public university based in the Duanzhou District of the prefecture level city of Zhaoqing, Guangdong Province, China. Zhaoqing University is a provincial comprehensive university which enrolls students on four-year degree programmes. 
History.
The university was established in 1970. The university assists in the social and economic development in Zhaoqing and the adjacent Yunfu district, both of which have a population of over seven million.
Campus.
The university’s two campuses occupy an area of 67.73 hectares and have 349,215 square meters of floor space. 
The Main Campus is located in Donggang. It is the older of the two campuses and consists of the major teaching departments, laboratories and research facilities and also includes the teacher training, career education and international programmes. 
The Star Lake Campus is situated adjacent to Star Lake. The campus buildings surround a small artificial lake that is visible when entering through the front gate. In the year 2000 the only thing that could be seen from within the campus were rice paddies and fish farming ponds. In the past ten years however the surrounding area has seen much development and large multistory apartment buildings can now be seen from within the complex. The campus is the centre for the adult education programme and other studies. 
The Star Lake Campus was formerly an independent university named Zhaoqing Institute of Education (). It was a teaching college whose students were primarily from Guangdong Province but also included a small minority from neighboring Provinces. In March of 2000 it merged with Xijiang University () to form the current Zhaoqing University. 
The Star Lake Campus has had a sister college relationship with Anoka-Ramsey Community College of the U.S. state of Minnesota since 1994. Upon the merger of the two Chinese universities this sister relationship has continued on with Zhaoqing University. Every year a Chinese language and culture teacher spends a full academic year at Anoka-Ramsey Community College and several American students study at Zhaoqing University. 
Administration.
The university has 1,049 members of staff, 675 of them are faculty members. 10,947 full-time students and 5,347 part-time students.
Faculties and Departments.
The university is organized in the following faculties.

</doc>
<doc id="21504869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504869" title="Second Wind (company)">
Second Wind (company)

Second Wind is a firm which developed instrumentation and software for the wind energy industry. They are in Somerville, Massachusetts and have a testing site on Chappaquiddick Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21504874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504874" title="Alain Touwaide">
Alain Touwaide

Alain Touwaide (born 19 September 1953 in Brussels-Berchem Sainte Agathe) is a US historian of medicine and sciences of Belgian origin currently researching at the Smithsonian Institution, Washington D. C.
His education includes first degrees in classics (1975) as well as oriental philology and history (1977) and a PhD in classics (1981), all earned at the University of Louvain. He received his habilitation à diriger des recherches (capability of directing research) at the University of Toulouse (1997). He won numerous prizes and grants, amongst others of the Earth Watch Institute, and has taught at several universities in Spain, Italy, France and Belgium. Touwaide is proficient in twelve languages.
His main research area is medicinal plants of Antiquity, his approach being transdisciplinary, that is, not only philological and historical, but also botanical and medical, ethnological and anthropological, constituting ethnobotany and ethnopharmacology. In 2005, Touwaide received a grant of the National Institutes of Health for a four year research project “Medicinal plants of Antiquity: A Computerized Database”. Ancient Greek therapeutical texts are to be digitized, indexed and analyzed both in the original and in translation.
From 2007-2008 he was president of the Washington Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21504875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504875" title="Black wolf">
Black wolf

A black wolf is a melanistic colour variant of the grey wolf ("Canis lupus"). Black specimens are recorded among red wolves ("Canis lupus rufus"), but these colour variants are probably extinct. Genetic research from the Stanford University School of Medicine and the University of California, Los Angeles revealed that wolves with black pelts owe their distinctive coloration to a mutation which occurred in domestic dogs, and was carried to wolves through wolf-dog hybridisation.
Early encounters and speculation.
Europe.
Linnaeus gave the black wolves of Europe the binomial name "Canis lycaon", under the assumption that the species was distinct from grey and white coloured wolves. Cuvier and other naturalists largely followed his example. Black wolves were considered rare in France, but common in Southern Europe at the time, with black wolf populations south to the Pyrenees apparently outnumbering other color morphs. They also occurred in the mountains of Friuli (Italy) and around Kotor (Montenegro). Black wolves were also reported in Siberia as the Vekvoturian Mountain-wolf. Colonel Smith erroneously believed that the so-called ""Rossomak"" of the Lenas in Siberia was of the same variety. However, in fact, ""Rossomak"" in Russian exactly corresponds with the English "wolverine", a mustelid species, in English ("Gulo gulo" in Latin). Black wolves were considered rare in northern Europe, however, Dr Höggberg, a medical practitioner at Karlstad mentioned five black wolves being killed in the Swedish province of Värmland in 1801. These wolves were completely black and were bigger than the more common grey variety. Their pelts were considered exotic enough to be sold for 3–4 times the price established for more common colour morphs. Also, the last wolf in Scotland, supposedly killed by MacQueen of Pall à Chrocain is usually narrated as having been black. Cuvier noted that European black wolves differed little in size from other colour morphs, but exceeded them in physical strength. Charles Hamilton Smith wrote that black wolves were generally less aggressive than ordinary kinds, and interbred with dogs more readily. ref<Rare case.In Serbia (South-Eastern Europe, Balkan peninsula) indicated that on 17.11.2012 a black wolf was killed at Stara mountain.
Asia.
Black wolves were occasionally reported in Asia. The ""Derboun"" of the Arabian mountains and southern Syria was a small black wolf which apparently was considered by the Arabs to be more closely related to dogs, as they freely ate its flesh like any other game, unlike with regular wolves which had an unpleasant odour. Black wolves in Tibet are known locally as "chanko nagpo", and are considered bolder and more aggressive than the pale coloured variety. Small populations inhabit Ladakh.
North America.
Although the black wolves of America were originally given the same bionomial name as those in Europe, Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest believed that they were a different species. Historically, the natives of the banks of the Mackenzie River, Saskatchewan River and southern Canada apparently never viewed black wolves as a distinct species. In his 1791 book "Travels", William Bartram mentioned seeing black wolves among the few red wolf populations he saw in Florida. He stated that they were "perfectly black", except the females which were described as having a white spot on the breast. Bartram also described a "black wolf-dog of the Florida Indians" which was identical to the local wolves, save for the fact that it could bark, and could be trusted around horses. The fur of a black wolf was once considered by the natives of New England to be worth over 40 American beaver skins. A chieftain accepting a gift of black wolf fur was seen as an act of reconciliation. The black wolves of the Southern United States were considered a separate species to the northern kind due to differences in colour and morphology, and were named clouded or dusky wolves ("Canis nubilus"). The dusky wolves occurred in Missouri Territory, and were intermediate in size between common wolves and coyotes. They apparently produced a foul odour. On January 15, 2009, a black male wolf from "Mollie's Pack" in the Yellowstone National Park's Pelican Valley was weighed in at 143 lbs, making it the largest Yellowstone wolf on record.
Genetics and ancestry.
Adolph Murie was among the first wolf biologists to speculate that the wide color variation in wolves was due to interbreeding with dogs;
In 2008, Dr. Gregory S. Barsh, a professor of genetics and pediatrics at the Stanford University School of Medicine used molecular genetic techniques to analyze DNA sequences from 150 wolves, half of them black, in Yellowstone National Park, which covers parts of Wyoming, Montana and Idaho. It was discovered that a gene mutation responsible for the protein beta-defensin 3, known as the K locus, is responsible for the black coat color in dogs. After finding that the same mutation was responsible for black wolves in North America and the Italian Apennines, he set out to discover the origin of the mutation. Dr. Barsh and his colleagues concluded that the mutation arose in dogs 12,779 to 121,182 years ago, with a preferred date of 46,886 years ago after comparing large sections of wolf, dog and coyote genomes. At the University of California, Los Angeles, Robert K. Wayne, a canine evolutionary biologist, stated that he believed that dogs were the first to have the mutation. He further stated that even if it originally arose in Eurasian wolves, it was passed on to dogs who, soon after their arrival, brought it to the New World and then passed it to wolves and coyotes. Black wolves with recent dog ancestry tend to retain black pigment longer as they age.
Function.
As black colored wolves occur more frequently in forested areas than on the tundra (black coats occur in about 62% of wolves in the forested areas of the Canadian Arctic, compared with about 7% in the icy tundra), melanism was concluded by the researchers to give those wolves an adaptive advantage. The mutation’s purpose has not yet been identified. Dr Barsh ruled out camouflage, as wolves have few natural predators, and there is no evidence that a black coat color leads to any increase in hunting success rates. Dr. Barsh observed that beta-defensin is involved in providing immunity to viral and bacterial skin infections, which might be more common in forested, warmer environments. It has been suggested that the mutation's association with forested habitats means that the prevalence of melanism should increase as forests expand northward. Dark fur is believed to be dominant in wolves. A mating between a black and a gray wolf resulted in ten pups with dark fur out of a total of fourteen.
Distribution.
Black wolves rarely occur in Europe and Asia, where interactions with domestic dogs has been reduced over the past thousand years due to the depletion of wild wolf populations. They have occasionally appeared, as wolf-dog hybrids are known in Russia as "black wolves", and currently, 20–25% of Italy's wolf population is composed of black animals. They are more common in North America; about half of the wolves in the reintroduced wolf population in Wyoming's Yellowstone National Park are black. Like Pyrenees Wolves, Black wolves do not live in France. In southern Canada and Minnesota the black phase is more common than the white, though grey coloured wolves predominate.

</doc>
<doc id="21504877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504877" title="The FASEB Journal">
The FASEB Journal

The FASEB Journal is a scientific journal related to experimental biosciences, promoting scientific progress and education. It is published by the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology, that was founded in 1912 originally by 3 societies (6 in 1989, see current list).

</doc>
<doc id="21504885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504885" title="Opera house of the year">
Opera house of the year

Opera House of the Year (), is an award from the German monthly magazine "Opernwelt". Each year since 1993, at the end of the season, a jury of 50 critics selects an opera house in Austria, Germany or German speaking Switzerland for the award.

</doc>
<doc id="21504893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504893" title="Brian Hitchen">
Brian Hitchen

Brian Hitchen, CBE (8 July 1936 – 2 December 2013) was a British newspaper editor. Late in his career, he worked as a publisher.
Hitchen began his career with the "Daily Despatch" in Manchester as a copyboy, and then joined the "Bury Times" as a trainee reporter a year later. His national service followed in which he served in the Parachute Regiment during 1954-56. After national service, following a year on the "Manchester Evening News", he began his national newspaper career when he joined the "Daily Mirror" in their Manchester office. In 1963 he became their foreign correspondent in Paris, and then from 1965 to 1972, he reported from all over the world for the "Mirror". In 1965 he was sent to cover the 1965 India-Pakistan War. Whilst working for the "Daily Mirror"s New York bureau he reported on the 1968 Assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. and on the May 1970 Bogota Bracelet scandal involving England's captain, Bobby Moore, before the 1970 World Cup. Hitchen returned to London on the news desk for the "Daily Mirror" in 1972, later joining the "Daily Express" in the same post where he remained between 1973 and 1978.
Hitchen edited the "Daily Star" from 1987 to 1994, when he became the editor of the "Sunday Express" for a year. Hitchen was awarded a CBE in Margaret Thatcher's resignation honours list in 1990. In 1996, he set up Brian Hitchen Communications and also became chairman of the Kerry Life and Irish Country Life.
An incident with a car while crossing the road near Alicante, in Spain, led to his wife being killed instantly, while Hitchen himself died from his injuries a few hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="21504906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504906" title="Khary Stockton">
Khary Stockton

Khary Stockton (born September 15, 1971 in Alexandria, Virginia) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent his entire career in the lower U.S. and Brazilian divisions. Since 2007, he is the head coach of the University of the District of Columbia
Career.
Stockton attended the College of William and Mary, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1989 to 1992. He graduated with a bachelors degree in anthropology in 1993. That year, he began his professional career with the newly established Richmond Kickers in the USISL. He played six games, scored three goals and then moved to Brazil. In September 1993, he signed with Atlético Sorocaba in the Brazilian Third Division. On May 27, 1994, he joined A.E. Velo Clube in the Brazilian Second Division. In 1995, he moved back to the United States where he rejoined the Kickers who went on to win the 1995 U.S. Open Cup. On February 8, 1996, the MetroStars selected Stockton in the 12th round of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. On March 26, 1996, the MetroStars waived Stockton as part of a preseason roster reduction. He then moved to the Milwaukee Rampage. In 1997, he spent a single season with the Carolina Dynamo. He moved again for the 1998 season, this time to the New Orleans Storm before playing for the Lehigh Valley Steam in 1999. The Steam folded at the end of the season and he played for the Northern Virginia Royals in 2000. In 2001, he moved to the Milwaukee Rampage before finishing his career with the Richmond Kickers in 2002 and 2003.
Stockton spent three seasons as an assistant at The Catholic University of America. On July 16, 2007, he became the head coach at the University of the District of Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21504908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504908" title="Wichita Terminal Association">
Wichita Terminal Association

The Wichita Terminal Association is a switching and terminal railroad in northern Wichita, Kansas, jointly owned by the BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad. It handles mainly grain and some scrap steel, serving customers at the former Wichita Union Stock Yards. The tracks were first placed in service in September 1889 by the stockyard and packing companies, and in February 1910 operations were transferred to the new WTA, owned by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, Missouri Pacific Railway, and St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad. Through mergers, and the sale of the Rock Island's line to the Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad, the current split between BNSF and UP came about.

</doc>
<doc id="21504926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504926" title="Ricardo Alvarado">
Ricardo Alvarado

José Ricardo Alvarado Alberto (born May 23, 1980 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán in the Salvadoran Premier League .
Club career.
Second Division years.
Alvarado started his career at Municipal de San Salvador and joined fellow capital outfit Telecom FC in 1997. He then moved to Coca Cola and stayed with them for seven years, experiencing their change of name to Nacional 1906 and the merger with Independiente de San Vicente which eventually saw them clinch promotion to the "Primera Division" in 2006. Alvarado only made his debut at the top level in El Salvador at 26 years.
Isidro Metapan.
In 2007, he was signed by Isidro Metapan.
International career.
Alvarado received his first call up to the national team in December 2008. He officially received his first cap on February 1, 2009 in a UNCAF Nations Cup 2009 match against Honduras.

</doc>
<doc id="21504930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504930" title="Hruševje">
Hruševje

Hruševje (; ) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21504931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504931" title="Madonna del Prato">
Madonna del Prato

Madonna del Prato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21504932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504932" title="List of Bengali films of 1931">
List of Bengali films of 1931

A list of films produced by the Bengali language film industry based in Kolkata in the year 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="21504938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504938" title="Guangdong Institute of Education">
Guangdong Institute of Education

Guangdong Institute of Education () is a provincial higher education institution based in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China.
History.
The university was established in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21504944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504944" title="Seven Years">
Seven Years

Seven Years or 7 years may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21504959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504959" title="Battle of Siddim">
Battle of Siddim

The Battle of the Vale of Siddim, also often called the War of nine Kings, refers to an event in the Hebrew Bible book of that occurred in the days of Abram and Lot. The Vale of Siddim was the battleground for the cities of the Jordan River plain revolting against the Mesopotamian rule.
Background.
According to the Bible, in the days of Lot, before the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah, the Elamite king Chedorlaomer had subdued the tribes and cities surrounding the Jordan River plain. After thirteen years, five kings of the cities of the Jordan plain revolted against Elamite rule. According to Jewish tradition, the revolt started with refusing to pay tribute. In response, Chedorlaomer and three other rulers of Mesopotamia began a campaign against the Jordan plains.()
Four kings of Mesopotamia.
The four kings of Mesopotamia were:
Five kings of the Jordan plain.
The five kings from the Jordan River plain rebelled against Mesopotamian rule, were:
Aftermath.
The Mesopotamian forces overwhelmed the kings of the Jordan plain driving some them into asphalt or tar pits that littered the vale. Those who escaped, fled to the mountains including the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah. The cities of Sodom and Gomorrah were then spoiled of their goods and provisions as well as the taking of captives. Among the captives was Abram's nephew, Lot. ()
When word reached Abram, he immediately mounted a rescue operation, arming 318 of his trained servants who went in pursuit of the Mesopotamian armies that were returning to their homelands. They caught up with them in the city of Dan, flanking the enemy on multiple sides, during a night raid. The attack ran its course as far as Hobah, north of Damascus where he defeated Chedorlaomer and his forces. Abram recovered all the goods, even the captives who included Lot. ()
After the battle, Melchizedek brought out bread and wine and blessed Abraham, who gave him a tenth of the plunder. () Peter Leithart suggests that the bread and wine constituted a victory celebration.
Scholarly analysis.
Identifying the kings.
Amraphel has been thought by some scholars such as the writers of the Catholic Encyclopedia and the Jewish Encyclopedia to be an alternate name of the famed "Hammurabi". The name is also associated with Ibal Pi-El II of Esnunna.
Arioch has been thought to have been a king of Larsa ("Ellasar" being an alternate version of this). It has also been suggested that it is "URU KI", meaning "this place here".
Following the discovery of documents written in the Elamite language and Babylonian language, it was thought that "Chedorlaomer" is a transliteration of the Elamite compound "Kudur-Lagamar", meaning "servant of Lagamaru" - a reference to Lagamaru, an Elamite deity whose existence was mentioned by Assurbanipal. However, no mention of an individual named "Kudur Lagamar" has yet been found; inscriptions that were thought to contain this name are now known to have different names (the confusion arose due to similar lettering). David Rohl identifies Chedorlaomer with an Elamite king named Kutir-Lagamar.
Tidal has been considered to be a transliteration of "Tudhaliya" - either referring to the first king of the Hittite New Kingdom (Tudhaliya I) or the proto-Hittite king named "Tudhaliya". With the former, the title "king of Nations" would refer to the allies of the Hittite kingdom such as the Ammurru and Mittani; with the latter the term "goyiim" has the sense of "them, those people". "al" ("their power") gives the sense of a people or tribe rather than a kingdom. Hence "td goyim" ("those people have created a state and stretched their power").
Geopolitical context.
It was common practise for vassals/allies to accompany a powerful king during their conquests. For example, in a letter from about 1770 BC reporting a speech aimed at persuading the nomadic tribes to acknowledge the authority of Zimri-Lim of Mari: There is no king who can be mighty alone. Ten or fifteen kings follow Hammurabi the man of Babylon; as many follow Rim-Sin the man of Larsa, Ibal-pi-El the man of Eshnunna, and Amut-pi-El the man of Quatna and twenty kings follow Yarim-Lim the man of Yamhad.
The alliance of four states would have ruled over cities/countries that were spread over a wide area: from Elam at the extreme eastern end of the Fertile Crescent to Anatolia at the western edge of this region. Because of this, there is a limited range of time periods that match the Geopolitical context of Genesis 14. In this account, Chedorlaomer is described as the king to whom the cities of the plain pay tribute. Thus, Elam must be a dominant force in the region and the other three kings would therefore be vassals of Elam and/or trading partners.
There were periods when Elam was allied with Mari through trade. Mari also had connections to Syria and Anatolia, who, in turn, had political, cultural, linguistic and military connections to Canaan. The earliest recorded empire was that of Sargon, which lasted until his grandson, Naram Sin.
According to Kenneth Kitchen, a better agreement with the conditions in the time of Chedorlaomer is provided by Ur Nammu. Mari had had links to the rest of Mesopotamia by Gulf trade as early as the Jemdet Nasr period but an expansion of political connections to Assyria did not occur until the time of Isbi-Erra. The Amorites or MARTU were also linked to the Hittites of Anatolia by trade.
Trade between the Harappan culture of India and the Jemdet Nasr flourished between c 2000-1700BC. As Isin declined, the fortunes of Larsa - located between Eshnunna and Elam - rose until Larsa was defeated by Hammurabi. Between 1880 and 1820 BC there was Assyrian trade with Anatolia, in particular in annakum or tin. 
The main trade route between Ashur and Kanesh running between the Tigris and Euphrates passed through Haran. The empire of Shamshi-Adad I and Rim-Sin I included most of northern Mesopotamia. Thus, Kitchen concludes that this is the period in which the narrative of Genesis 14 falls into a close match with the events of the time of Shamsi Adad and Chedorlaomer
The relevant rulers in the region at this time were:
Dating of events.
When cuneiform was first deciphered in the 19th century Theophilus Pinches translated some Babylonian tablets which were part of the Spartoli collection in the British Museum and believed he had found in the "Chedorlaomer Text" the names of three of the "Kings of the East" named in Genesis 14. As this is the only part of Genesis which seems to set Abraham in wider political history, it seemed to many 19th and early 20th century exegetes and Assyriologists to offer an opening to date Abraham, if the kings in question could only be identified.
In 1887, Schrader was the first to propose that Amraphel could be an alternate spelling for Hammurabi. The terminal "-bi" on the end of Hammurabi's name was seen to parallel Amraphel since the cuneiform symbol for "-bi" can also be pronounced "-pi". Tablets were known in which the initial symbol for Hammurabi, pronounced as "kh" to yield "Khammurabi", had been dropped, so that "Ammurapi" was a viable pronunciation. If Hammurabi were deified in his lifetime or soon after (adding "-il" to his name to signify his divinity), this would produce something close to the Bible's Amraphel. A little later Jean-Vincent Scheil found a tablet in the Imperial Ottoman Museum in Istanbul from Hammurabi to a king named Kuder-Lagomer of Elam, which he identified with the same name in Pinches' tablet. Thus by the early 1900s many scholars had become convinced that the kings of Gen. 14:1 had been identified, resulting in the following correspondences:
Today these dating attempts are little more than a historical curiosity. On the one hand, as the scholarly consensus on Near Eastern ancient history moved towards placing Hammurabi in the late 18th century (or even later), and not the 19th, confessional and evangelical theologians found they had to choose between accepting these identifications or accepting the biblical chronology; most were disinclined to state that the Bible might be in error and so began synchronizing Abram with the empire of Sargon I, and the work of Schrader, Pinches and Scheil fell out of favour. Meanwhile, further research into Mesopotamia and Syria in the second millennium BC undercut attempts to tie Abraham in with a definite century and to treat him as a strictly historical figure, and while linguistically not implausible, the identification of Hammurabi with Amraphel is now regarded as untenable.
There is rarely ever consensus on any matters involving Bible interpretation; one modern interpretation of Genesis 14 is summed up by Michael Astour in "The Anchor Bible Dictionary" (s.v. "Amraphel", "Arioch" and "Chedorlaomer"), who explains the story as a product of anti-Babylonian propaganda during the 6th century Babylonian captivity of the Jews:
After Böhl's widely accepted, but wrong, identification of mTu-ud-hul-a with one of the Hittite kings named Tudhaliyas, Tadmor found the correct solution by equating him with the Assyrian king Sennacherib (see Tidal). Astour (1966) identified the remaining two kings of the Chedorlaomer texts with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyria (see Arioch) and with the Chaldean Merodach-baladan (see Amraphel). The common denominator between these four rulers is that each of them, independently, occupied Babylon, oppressed it to a greater or lesser degree, and took away its sacred divine images, including the statue of its chief god Marduk; furthermore, all of them came to a tragic end ... All attempts to reconstruct the link between the Chedorlaomer texts and Genesis 14 remain speculative. However, the available evidence seems consistent with the following hypothesis: A Jew in Babylon, versed in Akkadian language and cuneiform script, found in an early version of the Chedorlaomer texts certain things consistent with his anti-Babylonian feelings.
The Chedorlaomer tablets are now thought to be from the 6th or 7th century BC, a millennium after the time of Hammurabi, but at roughly the time when the main elements of Genesis are thought to have been set down. Another prominent scholar considers a relationship between the tablet and Genesis speculative, but identifies Tudhula as a veiled reference to Sennacherib of Assyria, and Chedorlaomer, i.e. Kudur-Nahhunte, as "a recollection of a 12th century BC king of Elam who briefly ruled Babylon."
The last serious attempt to place a historical Abraham in the second millennium resulted from discovery of the name "Abi-ramu" on Babylonian contracts of about 2000 BC, but this line of argument lost its force when it was shown that the name was also common in the first millennium, leaving the patriarchal narratives in a "relative" biblical chronology but without an anchor in the known history of the Near East.
A few evangelical scholars continue to argue against the consensus: Kitchen asserts that the only known historical period in which a king of Elam, whilst allied with Larsa, was able to enlist a Hittite king and a King of Eshunna as partners and allies in a war against Canaanite cities is in the time of Old Babylon c 1822-1764 BC. This is when Babylon is under Hammurabi and Rim Sin I controls Mari, which is linked through trade to the Hittites and other allies along the length of the Euphrates. This trade is mentioned in the Mari letters, a source which documents a geo-political relationship back to when the ships of Dilmun, Makkan and Meluhha docked at the quays of Agade in the time of Sargon. In the period of Old Babylon, c 1822-1764 BC, Rim Sin I brought together kings of Syro-Anatolia whose kingdoms were located on the Euphrates in a coalition focused on Mari whose king was Shamsi Adad. Kitchen uses the geo-political context, the price of slaves and the nature of the covenants entered into by Abraham to date the events he encounters. He sees the covenants, between Abraham and the other characters encountered at various points in Abraham's journeys, as datable textual artifacts having the form of legal documents which can be compared to the form of legal documents from different periods. Of particular interest is the relationship between Abraham and his wife, Sarah. When Sarah proves to be barren, she offers her handmaiden, Hagar, to Abraham to provide an heir. This arrangement, along with other aspects of the covenants of Abraham, lead Kitchen to a relatively narrow date range which he believes aligns with the time of Hammurabi.

</doc>
<doc id="21504971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504971" title="Guangzhou Sport University">
Guangzhou Sport University

Guangzhou Sport University () is a provincial public university based in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, China.
History.
The university was formerly known as Guangzhou Physical Education Institute. 

</doc>
<doc id="21504974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504974" title="Joaquin Dorfman">
Joaquin Dorfman

Joaquin Emiliano Dorfman (born February 1979, Amsterdam) is an American writer. 
He is the author of "Playing it Cool" (2006), "The Long Wait For Tomorrow" (2009) and "The Burning City" (2003) (which he wrote with his father, Ariel Dorfman). 
Dorfman also wrote, directed and starred in "Dorm House 5", a dark comedy about the end of the world which was performed at the Edinburgh Festival.
Dorfman was born in Amsterdam, and lives in Durham, North Carolina. 

</doc>
<doc id="21504996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21504996" title="Koče, Postojna">
Koče, Postojna

Koče (; ) is a village south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Margaret and belongs to the Parish of Slavina.

</doc>
<doc id="21505001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505001" title="1975 AFC Women's Championship">
1975 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1975 AFC Women's Championship was the first AFC Women's Championship. It was held from August 25 to September 3, 1975 in Hong Kong. Participating members were New Zealand, Thailand, Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia. The tournament was won by New Zealand in the final against Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="21505006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505006" title="Philip Louis II, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg">
Philip Louis II, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg

Philip Louis II of Hanau-Münzenberg (18 November 1576, in Hanau – 9 August 1612, in Hanau), was one of the most notable counts of Hanau of the early modern period, his policies bringing about sweeping changes.
Count Philip Louis II of Hanau-Münzenberg was born in the castle at Hanau and baptised two weeks later on 3 December. His parents were Count Philip Louis I of Hanau-Münzenberg (1553–1580) and Countess Magdalena of Waldeck (1558–1599).
Guardianship.
He nominally succeeded his deceased father on 4 February 1580, albeit under the guardianship of Counts John VI, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg (1536–1606), Louis I, Count of Sayn-Wittgenstein (1568–1607) and Philip IV, Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg (1514–1590), who was replaced in 1585 by his son, Count Philip V of Hanau-Lichtenberg (1541–1599).
His widowed mother, Magdalena, remarried on 9 December 1581 to Count Johann VII, the Middle, of Nassau-Siegen (1561–1623), the son of one of the guardians. In consequence Philip Louis II and his younger brother, Count Albert, joined the Nassau-Dillenburg court, a centre of the Reformation movement in Germany and closely tied to the Electorate of the Palatinate of the Rhine. The new ideas he encountered here greatly influenced his life.
The guardianship was ended only in 1608 at the behest of the Elector Palatine Frederick IV (1574–1610).
Family.
During a wedding feast in Dillenburg that lasted from 23 October 1596 - 3 November 1596, he married Catherine Belgica, third daughter of William the Silent, producing the following children:
Policies.
Count Philip Louis II policies are notable for their drive of modernisation for his tiny state. With his marriage, he came of age, although the regency continued for his younger brother Albert. By using his rights under the Cuius regio, eius religio rule, he changed the confession of his county to Calvinism. He succeeded with this nearly eveywhere in his sphere of influence, except in a few villages in the district Bornheimerberg, which surrounded Frankfurt. These villages had strong ties to the (mainly) Lutheran city of Frankfurt and a majority of the villagers just went to Lutheran services in “foreign” Frankfurt territory. Also in the Condominiums Philip Louis II shared with the (Roman Catholic) Archbishopric of Mainz he couldn’t change anything — whether they had become Lutheran during the reformation or had remained Roman Catholic.
The introduction of Calvinism and its location, at only half a day’s journey away from Frankfurt with its trade fair, made Hanau an attractive place to settle for Calvinist refugees from France and later from the Southern Netherlands. They were often wealthy traders and were attractive subjects for a ruler in need of tax revenues. In 1597 and 1604, the count and the refugees entered into two treaties which gave them a large degree of self-government and founded the “New Town” of Hanau, south to the historic mediaeval settlement. This proved to be a big success and initiated an economic growth for Hanau which lasted even into the 19th century.
Philip Louis II also reinstated a Jewish community in Hanau. Space was allocted for the Jews on the southern fortifications of the historic town, which was no longer needed, due to the new town which protected this side of the old town. This Ghetto was not part of one either town, but placed directly under the administrative control of the county.
Count Philip Louis II also tried to found a university. He founded the “Hohe Landesschule” in Hanau. It was modeled on the Herborn Academy, where he had studied himself. Even so, it did not develop into a university and it still exists until today as a secondary school.

</doc>
<doc id="21505033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505033" title="Lorenza Alessandrini">
Lorenza Alessandrini

Lorenza Alessandrini (born 6 August 1990) is an Italian ice dancer. With former partner Simone Vaturi, she is the 2010 and 2013 Cup of Nice silver medalist, 2011 and 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial silver medalist, and a two-time Italian national bronze medalist.
Personal life.
Lorenza Alessandrini is studying sports at Università telematica San Raffaele.
Career.
Early in her career, Alessandrini skated with Tommaso Forchini.
In 2007, she teamed up with Simone Vaturi. They placed fifth at the 2010 World Junior Championships. Later that year, Alessandrini broke a rib in training causing them to miss the 2010–11 Grand Prix season. They returned to competition to win the senior bronze medal at the Italian Championships and were assigned one of Italy's two ice dance berths to the 2011 European Championships. They finished 16th in their first appearance at the event.
In the 2011–2012 season, Alessandrini/Vaturi made their senior Grand Prix debut at 2011 NHK Trophy where they finished 5th. They again finished third at the Italian Championships. They were not named in the Italian team to the European Championships. Alessandrini/Vaturi were coached by Roberto Pelizzola and Nicoletta Lunghi in Italy until January 2012 when they moved to Detroit, Michigan to train under new coaches Pasquale Camerlengo, Massimo Scali, and Anjelika Krylova. They made their senior World debut at the 2012 World Championships in Nice, France.
In mid-December 2012, a fall while training a lift resulted in an injury to Vaturi and the team's withdrawal from the 2013 Italian Championships.
Vaturi ended their partnership in April 2014. In May, Alessandrini confirmed she was looking for a partner to continue her competitive career and expressed interest in eventually becoming a coach and choreographer.

</doc>
<doc id="21505037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505037" title="IN2">
IN2

IN2 is a privately owned company established in 1992, that designs and develops information systems based on advanced information technologies. It is the largest Croatian IT company/.
IN2 specialize in developing custom software solutions, and developing and implementing large and complex IT systems. IN2 independently designs, develops, implements and maintains systems using Oracle and Microsoft technologies. The company implements technologies such as Data Warehouse, web-based application systems, etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505042" title="Nyota">
Nyota

Nyota is a given name. It means "star" in the African languages Swahili and Lingala.
People, animals and fictional characters with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="21505050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505050" title="Simone Vaturi">
Simone Vaturi

Simone Vaturi (born 20 July 1988) is an Italian ice dancer. With former partner Lorenza Alessandrini, he is the 2010 and 2013 Cup of Nice silver medalist, 2011 and 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial silver medalist, and a two-time Italian national bronze medalist.
Personal life.
Simone Vaturi has an elder brother, Andrea Vaturi, who is a choreographer and former competitive ice dancer. As of December 2013, he is a student at the University of Milan.
Career.
Early in his career, Vaturi skated with Serena Tancredi.
In 2007, he teamed up with Lorenza Alessandrini. They placed fifth at the 2010 World Junior Championships. Later that year, Alessandrini broke a rib in training causing them to miss the 2010–11 Grand Prix season. They returned to competition to win the senior bronze medal at the Italian Championships and were assigned one of Italy's two ice dance berths to the 2011 European Championships. They finished 16th in their first appearance at the event.
In the 2011–2012 season, Alessandrini/Vaturi made their senior Grand Prix debut at 2011 NHK Trophy where they finished 5th. They again finished third at the Italian Championships. They were not named in the Italian team to the European Championships. Alessandrini/Vaturi were coached by Roberto Pelizzola and Nicoletta Lunghi in Italy until January 2012 when they moved to Detroit, Michigan to train under new coaches Pasquale Camerlengo, Massimo Scali, and Anjelika Krylova. They made their senior World debut at the 2012 World Championships in Nice, France.
In mid-December 2012, a fall while training a lift resulted in an injury to Vaturi and the team's withdrawal from the 2013 Italian Championships. 
Vaturi ended their partnership in April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21505051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505051" title="Nicolas François Vuillaume">
Nicolas François Vuillaume

Nicholas François Vuillaume (1802 – 1876) was an important French luthier of the Vuillaume family, and younger brother of the illustrious Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume. He ran the leading workshop in Brussels, Belgium, and was appointed instrument maker to the Royal Conservatory in Brussels. His instruments won a number of medals at exhibitions.
Biography.
Nicholas François Vuillaume (NFV) was born in Mirecourt, Vosges, in 1802, the fourth of five sons to Claude-François Vuillaume. The Vuillaume family had been luthiers in Mirecourt for several generations. Millant traces a family tree, identifying "for sure" a great-great-grandfather Claude-Francois Vuillaume (born about 1700). There is a legendary ancestor, one Jean Vuillaume, who was supposedly a pupil of Stradivari, but this remains a legend, and perhaps was invented as a joke. Most of the Vuillaume family were destined to become instrument makers, the most famous being NFV's elder brother, the second son Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume (JBV) who became perhaps France's pre-eminent maker and dealer in stringed instruments.
From the start, J.B. Vuillaume was the boldest, most audacious and most business-like of the family, moving to Paris at the age of 19, where he worked first in the workshops of François Chanot and Lete, and joining them in partnership before finally setting up his own. NFV, like his other siblings, joined his brother business in Paris, and initially made instruments that were labeled J B Vuillaume. While in Paris NFV quickly gained a fine reputation for producing outstanding instruments.
With an elder brother of the stature of J.B. Vuillaume, N.F. Vuillaume took perhaps the only course of action open to him in seeking to establish himself as a maker and dealer in his own right – he moved to set up his own establishment in Brussels, Belgium. (Millant gives this date as 1820, but 1830 seems more likely given the limited number of his named instruments dating from this period.) Though he owned his own shop, NFV continued to make instruments for JBV, and as JBV's business grew rapidly, NFV was his first choice for work. Examples attributed to NFV as late as 1857 imply that he continued to supply instruments to JBV in addition to those made in his brother's substantial workshop. This convenient arrangement may explain that it took until the year 1833 for NFV to label the 41st instrument in his own name.
Over the next few years N.F. Vuillaume sold instruments in his own name at a rate of around 10 a year. Away from the shadow of his brother, NFV flourished and by 1836 had been appointed instrument maker to the Royal Conservatory of Music in Brussels. NFV won a clutch of medals at various exhibitions, including the Medal de Vermeil in 1841 and the Medal First Class at the Universal Exposition in Paris in 1855. In 1873 he was appointed Chevalier to the Order of Leopold. In terms of violin making, Belgium and the Vuillaume family is part of the French School, and for a time the two Vuillaume brothers were the pre-eminent figures in France and Belgium.
Over his working life, N.F. Vuillaume produced in excess of 340 instruments bearing his label, and an unknown number under his brother's label. Millant notes that in 1823, JBV started the unusual practice of numbering his instruments - and that Gand and Bernadel adopted the same practice, as did NFV. NFV's instruments are typically branded or signed on the underside of the table with instrument number and date and labeled. In his earlier years he appears to have favoured instruments in the style of Giovanni Paolo Maggini, while later on he moved more towards Stradivari models.
Initially he may have operated largely on his own, but as his workshop became established he employed a number of craftsmen who were top makers in their own right including three members of the Darche family—Charles Francois, Hilaire and Nicholas (who subsequently set up own shop in Aachen)—as well as Jean Baptiste Collin-Mezin (prior to setting up his own establishment in Paris in 1867).
N.F. Vuillaume operated as a dealer as well as maker and, though never approaching his brother's legendary cache of Cremonese instruments, records on Cozio indicate that the Stradivari cello "General Kyd" (1684) was bought by N.F. Vuillaume in 1857, and that the Matteo Grofriller cello "ex-Muller" (1710) and the "Cessole" Stradivari violin of 1715 also passed through his hands. The Hill brothers tell that after the death of J.B. Vuillaume in 1875, "Le Messie" (the "Messiah") Stradivari violin was offered to NFV for the price of 12,000 francs, but the offer was refused.
Before his death in 1876, N.F. Vuillaume's business and title as "Luthier du Conservatorie Royal de Musique Bruxelles" had been taken on by Georges Mougenot. For a number of years afterwards, at least as late as 1885, instruments bearing NFV labels were still produced from his workshop.
A double bass by Georges Mougenot labeled from 1875, the year he took over the shop of NFV in Brussels, reads as the "Royal Maker of Liege". This double bass is a Vuillaume model but with a Mougenot label from Liege.

</doc>
<doc id="21505054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505054" title="Frank Seifert">
Frank Seifert

Frank Seifert (born 2 October 1972) is a German former footballer. 
A midfielder or forward, Seifert played youth football for Einheit and later Dynamo Dresden, also representing East Germany at youth level. After reunification, he moved to VfB Stuttgart, where he played in the reserve team for two years. He then spent three years at both Chemnitzer FC and Energie Cottbus, playing a season in the 2. Bundesliga for both clubs. At Cottbus he also played in the 1997 DFB Cup Final.
His last season at Cottbus was marred by injury, and he moved in 1998, joining VfB Leipzig. Two years in Leipzig were followed by spells with Rot-Weiß Erfurt and Dresdner SC, before he dropped down into local football, playing for Brandenburg side SG Blau-Gelb Laubsdorf from 2003-2006.
In 2006 Seifert returned to Dresden, and returned to senior football, joining FV Dresden 06. Two years later he moved across town to SC Borea, before retiring from the game in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21505057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505057" title="Edinburgh International Climbing Arena">
Edinburgh International Climbing Arena

Edinburgh International Climbing Arena (EICA:Ratho, formerly the Ratho Adventure Centre) is an adventure sports facility located in Ratho, near Edinburgh, Scotland. Built in a disused quarry, it is the largest indoor climbing wall in the world.
Financial problems months after it opened in December 2003 put the Arena into receivership. It was purchased by the City of Edinburgh Council and fully reopened in May 2007 after a further programme of works costing around . The centre is now used by both recreational climbers and for competitions, and is also home to the Scottish National Judo Academy.
History.
Originally used for supplying stone to the Central Belt of Scotland due to its proximity to the Union Canal, the quarry expanded from around a third of its present size in 1853 to the current outline in 1895. Edinburgh climbers Rab Anderson, Duncan McCallum and architect David Taylor formed the Ratho Quarry Company, and purchased the quarry in 1995 as the site for the climbing centre. The quarry, which had been unused for around ninety years, was filled with compacted rubble and heavily overgrown with trees and shrubs, making assessment of the site difficult until significant work had been carried out, but the assumption that the floor of the quarry was flat proved to be correct. Plans unveiled in late 2001 showed the estimated cost to be , with funding of to come from a Sportscotland lottery fund grant.
The climbing centre is located in the smaller of two lobes of a figure of eight that make up the quarry. After of rubble was removed, the quarry was shown to have a broadly level floor and be almost deep. During construction in April 2002, the partially completed roof was ripped off in a storm.
When it opened in December 2003, the centre was the largest indoor climbing arena in the world, but problems during construction increased the final cost to . In March 2004 the centre went into receivership due to a leaky roof, poor management, and a lack of money, leaving a number of contractors unpaid. It was purchased by the City of Edinburgh Council in October 2005 for , and then closed in August 2006 to allow full completion of the venue.
It reopened on 25 May 2007, under the management of Edinburgh Leisure, a non-profit organisation which provides sport and leisure facilities on behalf of the City of Edinburgh Council. was spent overhauling the roof, the plumbing, improving the car park and converting an unopened scuba diving tank into a dedicated bouldering room. Under new management, more emphasis was placed on making the centre accessible to families and visitors as well as experienced climbers. The roof, consisting of of tensioned fabric, was replaced at the end of 2013 at a cost of around .
Climbing.
There are over 11,000 bolt-on holds in the centre, with 300 routes ranging in difficulty from grades 2 to 8b. The Aerial Assault course is an assault course suspended above the main hall, which takes around 30 minutes and is open to anybody over tall. As well as a trio of boulders in the centre of the main hall, there is a dedicated bouldering room, with routes ranging in difficulty from V0 to V15.
Two identical speed walls allow speed climbing competitions to be conducted head to head, and there is an articulated competition wall known as "The Hanger" that can be raised or lowered to change the angle of overhang.
The larger "lobe" of the quarry is also used for outdoor climbing, although some of the rock is described as "loose and scary". Formed from dolerite, there are around 65 known routes.
Services and facilities.
The centre contains the world's largest indoor climbing arena, as well as bouldering facilities, the Scottish National Judo Academy, and an aerial assault course.
Within the centre there is a Tiso outdoor shop and a HoneyPot Ceramics studio, as well as a cafe overlooking the main arena. The centre has a gym that is available when not in use by Scottish National Judo Academy. Other classes are held in the Fitness Studio.
Events.
Competitions.
The centre hosted the UIAA-ICC Boulder & Lead World Cup in December 2003.
The centre also hosted the IFSC World Youth Championship in 2004 and 2010, and the British Lead Climbing Championships every year until Awesome Walls in Sheffield took over in 2013.
Theatre.
In the Edinburgh International Festival 2013, "Leaving Planet Earth" used the centre as the stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21505062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505062" title="Costanza Farnese">
Costanza Farnese

Costanza Farnese was a daughter of Alessandro Farnese and Silvia Ruffini, born before her father became Pope Paul III. Her siblings were Pier Luigi, Paul and Ranuccio. Costanza's own children included Guido Ascanio and her grandchildren included Costanza Sforza.

</doc>
<doc id="21505085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505085" title="Louis Diamond">
Louis Diamond

Louis K. Diamond (May 11, 1902–June 14, 1999) was an American pediatrician, known as the "father of pediatric hematology".
Diamond was born in Kishinev, Bessarabia, at the time part of the Russian Empire. His family emigrated to the United States in 1904. He began his medical studies at Harvard University in 1919 and, on graduating in 1923, entered Harvard Medical School, receiving his M.D. in 1927. Shortly after finishing medical school, Diamond studied briefly with Florence Sabin at the Rockefeller Institute before returning to New England, where he spent several years studying pediatrics at Boston Children's Hospital under the guidance of Dr. Kenneth Blackfan.
Diamond set up one of the first pediatric hematology research centers in the United States at Children's. Focusing on anemias, by 1930 he had succeeded in identifying thalassemia, a hereditary anemia that affected children of Italian and Greek ancestry. In 1932, along with Blackfan, he identified erythroblastosis fetalis, later called Hemolytic disease of the newborn, at that time a significant disorder among newborns. He also discovered the blood diseases Gardner-Diamond syndrome, a painful bruising disorder, and Shwachman-Diamond syndrome, a rare genetic disorder that affects many different organs.
Diamond died at his home in Los Angeles on June 14, 1999, at the age of 97. His son Jared Diamond is an award-winning popular science writer and Professor of Geography at UCLA.

</doc>
<doc id="21505099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505099" title="My Maudlin Career">
My Maudlin Career

My Maudlin Career is the fourth studio album by the Scottish indie pop band Camera Obscura. The album was released in April 2009 via 4AD and, like its predecessor, was produced by Jari Haapalainen of The Bear Quartet. The string and horn arrangements are by Björn Yttling, of Peter Bjorn and John.
Critical reception.
The critical response to "My Maudlin Career" was generally positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received a favorable score of 80, based on 25 reviews.
Music critic Tim Sendra of Allmusic called the album "almost an exact copy of their previous album" but added "Really, the group could go on remaking it for years to negligible complaints from their fans and very few diminishing returns." Gareth Grundy of "The Observer" called the album more polished and poised than the band's previous work. Kevin Liedel of Slate Magazine wrote "The result is not nearly as novel or dorkishly handsome as Country, but it still manages to exude addictive gorgeousness... Luckily, for both the album and its audience, the band's perseverance results in hits more often than misses." In his review for Pitchfork Media, Brian Howe called the string arrangements out of control but praised the album, writing "it sounds more assertive and agile, with increased swing and soul, than ever before. There are still melodies of heart-wrenching simplicity that stick in your head to an almost irritating degree (beware of the dangerously catchy "James"), balanced by songs with longer, more complex and limber melodic phrases."
Track listing.
All songs written by Tracyanne Campbell.
Chart performance.
The album reached number 32 on the UK Albums Chart after one week of sales. It also broke into the Billboard Top 100 in the US, peaking at number 87. In Scotland, the album reached number 37.
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="21505100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505100" title="Costanza Sforza, Duchess of Sora">
Costanza Sforza, Duchess of Sora

Costanza Sforza of Santa Fiora (1550 – 1617) was an Italian noblewoman. The direct granddaughter of Costanza Farnese (daughter of Alessandro Farnese, later Pope Paul III), she was Duchess of Sora and married Giacomo Boncompagni, Marquess of Vignola, and Duke of Sora. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505107" title="De Boer Structures Holding BV">
De Boer Structures Holding BV

De Boer is an international provider of temporary structures, semi-permanent accommodation and long-term rental solutions.
Established in 1924 in Hensbroek, the Netherlands, and currently headquartered in Alkmaar, The Netherlands, De Boer has offices in The Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Spain, Dubai and Sweden. De Boer is represented in Qatar, Russia, China and the USA.
Worldwide it employs more than 400 people and during high season another 150 temporary workers are deployed.
NPM Capital, part of SHV Holdings, has been major shareholder since August 2005.
History.
De Boer was founded in 1924 in the town of Hensbroek, the Netherlands, by Klaas de Boer, who owned a local bar "Het Springend Paard" and a grocery shop. Klaas de Boer devised a sheltered cafe using poles and tarpaulin for the annual village festival. Soon after, Klaas de Boer was asked to serve at more festivals, and he bought a second-hand Italian circus tent to provide a better accommodation.
During the 1930s, his son Jan de Boer joined the business and a sowing machine was bought to produce their own tents. After the Second World War, De Boer also arranged the catering and music for the events, now also further away from Hensbroek.
In the 1950s, De Boer introduced wooden halls, a major advance at the time. In 1963, Klaas de Boer died, and his son, Jan de Boer, took over. In the decades that followed, Jan's five sons started taking part in the company as well, and new offices were opened in surrounding countries.
The company has since grown into a supplier of professional temporary tensile structures, constructed using extrusion aluminium profiles, pvc roof covers and sides, glass panels and other structural elements.
With these types of temporary quick-to-build structures, De Boer builds event and hospitality accommodations, temporary storage facilities, warehousing, short-term office and retail facilities and emergency accommodation, supermarkets and airport baggage handling.
In 2002, the family sold the majority of its company shares to 3i.
In 2005, NPM Capital, part of SHV Holdings, became the major shareholder as the de Boer family sold its last remaining shares and 3i sold its shares as well.

</doc>
<doc id="21505114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505114" title="Liberation Army of Dagestan">
Liberation Army of Dagestan

Liberation army of Dagestan (Dagestan Liberation Army, Army of the Liberation of Dagestan) is a militant group that claimed responsibility for the 1999 Russian apartment bombings.
First mentions.
First phone call.
On September 2, 1999 a journalist working for the Agence France-Presse news agency in Grozny received a phone call from someone by the name of Khasbulat. The caller identified himself as a member of the Army of the Liberation of Dagestan and claimed that it was responsible for the explosion at Manezhnaya Square in Moscow on 31 August 1999. He added that similar acts would occur throughout the Russian Federation until Russian soldiers left Dagestan. According to Khasbulat, the Army of the Liberation of Dagestan was a subdivision of the Islamic Army of Caucasus led by Sheikh Muhammed Baggaudin. The leader of the Wahhabi community, Sheikh Baggaudin, a native in the village of Karamakhi, had created this army in response to the assault of the federal troops on his birthplace.
Anonymous phone call.
On September 9, 1999, an anonymous person speaking with a Caucasian accent called the Interfax news agency, saying that the blasts in Moscow and Buynaksk were "our response to the bombings of civilians in the villages in Chechnya and Dagestan."
Second phone call.
On September 15, 1999, an unidentified man, again speaking with a Caucasian accent, called the ITAR-TASS news agency, claiming to represent the Liberation army of Dagestan. He said, that the explosions in Buynaksk and Moscow were carried out by his organization. According to him the attacks were a retaliation to the deaths of Muslim women and children during Russian air raids in Dagestan. "We will answer death with death," the caller said.
Reception.
Officials.
Russian officials from both the Interior Ministry and FSB at the time expressed skepticism over the claims. On September 15, 1999 a Dagestani official also denied the existence of a "Dagestan Liberation Army".
Reddaway and Glinski.
According to professor Peter Reddaway and researcher Dmitri Glinski, the involvement of the Liberation army of Dagestan is a more plausible theory than others and may indeed have perpetrated them, with or without Russian government assistance. They wrote that if this was the case the group would likely originate from the religious conservative villages Karamakhi, Chabanmakhi and a few other neighbouring villages in central Dagestan. They also wrote that if so, they believe "it is impossible that the Moscow authorities did not know of the plans, at least in general terms", noting that "even before Stepashin visited the district a year earlier, they must have been receiving numerous reports from, in particular, the FSB, the Interior ministry and probably eavesdropping agency FAPSI." A journalist who in mid-August 1999 traveled to Karamakhi and interviewed some villagers and their military Commander General Dzherollak, wrote: "The Wahhabis' trucks go all over Russia. Even one wrong move in Moscow or Makhachkala, they warn, will lead to bombs and bloodshed everywhere." According to the journalist the Wahhabis had told him, "if they start bombing us, we know where our bombs will explode." In the last days of August, Russian military launched an aerial bombing of the villages.
Murphy.
According to former US counter-terrorism official Paul J. Murphy, Russia's official investigation of the bombings proved, that the Liberation Army of Dagestan is the same as Al-Khattab's Islamic Army of Dagestan, which launched the invasion of Dagestan from Chechnya in August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21505116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505116" title="Western Rail Switching">
Western Rail Switching

Western Rail Switching was a switching and terminal railroad operating a line west of Spokane, Washington. It was owned by Western Rail, Inc., a used locomotive seller located on the line. 
In 2004, Spokane County bought the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway's Geiger Spur, and designated WRS to operate it, beginning in October. 
Following the takeover of the nearby Palouse River and Coulee City Railroad by the Eastern Washington Gateway Railroad (EWG), the Washington Department of Transportation financed a newly constructed connection to the new short line operator. This realignment was opened on January 2, 2009, bypassing Fairchild Air Force Base, through which the spur had run. The west end of the spur is now at the Eastern Washington Gateway Railroad near Medical Lake. 
Not long after beginning operations, EWG filed with the Surface Transportation Board to replace WRS as operator and now runs the Geiger Spur an exclusive operator. 
Traffic carried on the Geiger Spur consists primarily of inbound steel loads.

</doc>
<doc id="21505134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505134" title="NVT">
NVT

NVT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505138" title="Shettima Ali Monguno">
Shettima Ali Monguno

Shettima Ali Monguno C.F.R. is a Nigerian educationalist and politician, born 1926 in Monguno-Borno state. He attended Monguno primary school, Teacher’s College Bauchi and Katsina, college of arts, science and technology Zaria, Moray House college of education and the University of Edinburgh.
He was M.P. in 1959, education secretary and councilor for education, works and social welfare Borno, local Government 1959-65. Federal minister for Air Force and internal affair 1965-66, federal commissioner for trade and industries 1967-71 minister mines and power, petroleum and energy 1972-75.
Shettima Ali Monguno was also President, OPEC, 1972/1973. he was Presidential Candidate during the Option A4 Elections in the early 1990s in Nigeria. 
He is leader of Nigerian delegation to UNCAD II New Delhi in 1968 and member Nigerian delegation to United Nations for over 10 years.
He received keys to the cities of New York, Louisville, Kentucky, USA; Quito, Ecuador; and Lima, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="21505166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505166" title="UICC configuration">
UICC configuration

The GlobalPlatform UICC configuration is a configuration of the GlobalPlatform Card specification v2.2 aiming at standardizing a minimum interoperability for SIM/USIM products for supporting remote application management via OTA. The GlobalPlatform UICC Configuration outlines a common and neutral environment to facilitate the secure delivery and management over-the-air (OTA) of new and creative mobile services to consumers.
GlobalPlatform Card specification V2.2 [http://www.globalplatform.org/specificationscard.asp] has been published in March 2006. It provides dynamic post-issuance card management, including dynamic addition & modification of applications.This specification defines card components, command sets, transaction sequences and interfaces. The specification is completely neutral in relation to hardware, operating system, vendor and application, making it applicable to any type of application and industry. It provides dynamic post-issuance card management, including dynamic addition & modification of applications.
A key feature of the UICC Configuration is its flexibility, which enables the issuer to select the services to be offered to third parties by personalization and ensures the technology can support a diverse range of business models in various ecosystems. Providing both security of mobile network operator and financial sector, this configuration also allows the actors involved in the delivery of a mobile implementation to use their current application deployment scheme.
This technical document is of significant interest to mobile network operator, application service providers such as bank, mobile payment, mobile TV, and trusted service managers.
Content of this standard.
Three types of Security Domains exist for this configuration:
Application Provider Security Domains are only instantiated from pre-loaded executable load files.
GlobalPlatform cross-market reach.
EMVCo, the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI), GSM Association, the Mobey Forum, mobile network operators, payment systems and public transport operators, have all provided valuable input into GlobalPlatform’s UICC Configuration. This cross market contribution has been vital in achieving the security requirements of all stakeholders operating within this progressive industry, and ensuring the universal acceptance and use of this document.
GlobalPlatform and ETSI specifications.
This document specifies configuration requirements for implementing GlobalPlatform specifications on the UICC platform specified in ETSI specifications TS 102 221, TS 102 223, TS 102 225 and TS 102 226.
Adoption in standards and adoption of standards or specs by other standards is one of the most important things in the smart card or Java Card world.
—Sebastian Hans, http://blogs.sun.com/basti/entry/globalplatform_and_etsi_scp 
GlobalPlatform and NFC.
In order to host third party services such as credit and debit contactless or mobile TV applications, a UICC should support the UICC configuration. Further information on NFC is available at near field communication (NFC).
Access.
UICC configuration is available at Card specification 

</doc>
<doc id="21505188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505188" title="Ranuccio Farnese (1509–1529)">
Ranuccio Farnese (1509–1529)

Ranuccio Farnese was the natural son of Alessandro Farnese by Silvia Ruffini, born before his father was elected pope as Paul III. His siblings were Pier Luigi, Paul and Costanza.

</doc>
<doc id="21505196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505196" title="Heinrich Gottke">
Heinrich Gottke

Heinrich Gottke (7 July 1921 – 12 August 1998) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He later served in the new German Army, the Bundeswehr.
Early life.
Heinrich Gottke was born on 7 July 1921, in Flensburg, Germany.
World War II.
During World War II, Gottke volunteered to join the Waffen SS and in April 1940, he was assigned to the Training and Replacement Battalion of the Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler" Regiment.
After completing basic training in August 1940, Gottke was posted to the 6th (Flak) Battery, Company, II Battalion, LSSAH Artillery Regiment. He remained with the "Leibstandarte" during the invasion of the Balkans (Operation Marita) and the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa). He was awarded the Iron Cross (2nd class) in July 1941.
From March 1942 to August 1942, he was stationed with the SS Flak Reserve Regiment in Arolsen. In September 1942, he was posted to the Headquarters Battery of the 3rd SS Flak Battalion, 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf", under the command of Otto Kron.
In June 1943 Gottke was again posted to the SS Flak Training and Reserve Battalion, which was now stationed in Munich, until December 1943 when he was posted to the newly formed 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division "Götz von Berlichingen" as a Forward Observer in the Flak Battalion.
Gottke was awarded the Knight's Cross for his bravery in action when acting as a Forward Observer on the 13 and 14 December 1944. After detecting Allied troops in battalion strength supported by light tanks northwest and southeast of Point 355, and aware that this was a key point, he directed fire down onto the advancing forces which forced the attack back. During a second attack he directed fire onto his own position. During a third attack, he was forced to move to his secondary location from which he managed to direct fire onto the attacking force, again stopping the attack with artillery fire.
Post war.
Gottke survived the war and in July 1958, he joined the new German Army, the Bundeswehr. He serving in the first Territorial Defense Command until 1959 and then moved to the defense area command. This was followed by service in the guard battalion at the Federal Ministry of Defense, where from 1964, he was the Envoy of the Federal Ministry of Defense. He also served as a teaching officer in the Bundeswehr's medical center in Bonn. He retired on 30 September 1975 as a Hauptmann, after a combined military service of 21 years.
Heinrich Gottke died on 12 August 1998, in Wolfsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21505200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505200" title="Odious Mortem">
Odious Mortem

Odious Mortem is a death metal band from San Francisco, California/Santa Cruz, California, USA. The band is currently signed to Willowtip Records. Odious Mortem has released two studio albums, through Unique Leader Records and Willowtip Records, as well as an independently released demo in 2003.
Style.
Odious Mortem's musical style features technically complex, down-tuned guitars and relentless pummeling drum work. Lyrical themes include humanity, the Earth, drugs, psychosis, greed, fear, suffering, possibility, social situations, annihilation, human consciousness, and the collapse of civilization.
Biography.
Odious Mortem was formed in 2000 in Encinitas, California by KC Howard (drums), David Siskin (guitar), and Dan Eggers (guitar, vocals). In 2003, Odious Mortem recorded and independently released a demo, "Gestation of Worms," which led to a deal with Unique Leader Records. The band recorded their debut album, "Devouring The Prophecy", with engineer Matt Sotelo of Decrepit Birth, in March 2004 at Legion Studios in Santa Cruz, CA. It was released on February 8, 2005.
In 2004, KC Howard joined death metal band Decrepit Birth as a full-time member. In November 2006, after their "Bloodletting North America" tour with Deeds of Flesh, Odious Mortem completed work on their second album and headed into Castle Ultimate Studios in Oakland, California to record new material. The resulting album, "Cryptic Implosion", was released on April 24, 2007. Also in 2007, the band played at the Maryland Deathfest.
In 2007, David Siskin left the band (later returning to the band) to focus on his professional career and to rehash his love of the jungle, drum & bass genres. He is currently deejaying and producing under the alias WARBREAKER and can be found in the San Francisco Bay Area playing shows and focusing on the more experimental, drum-driven, idm aspects of drum & bass. David Siskin recently released a single on the Flatwoods Creative imprint under this guise. Check out along with [http://www.myspace.com/eatyouracid for more details on that.
As of early 2013, the band are engaged in other projects and are planning a number of live performances including a new album. The new album is almost completed, will be released 2014.
Other projects.
Dan Eggers, Joel Horner, and KC Howard were members of Decrepit Birth until 2010, and Anthony Trapani recently joined the death metal outfit Severed Savior. David Siskin is playing electronic music under the alias WAR//BREAKER. [http://www.soundcloud.com/WARBREAKER]

</doc>
<doc id="21505207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505207" title="Landol">
Landol

Landol (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
There are two churches in the settlement. The church in the hamlet of Brinje is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and the small church in Landol itself is dedicated to Saint Josse. Both belong to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21505209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505209" title="1977 AFC Women's Championship">
1977 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1977 AFC Women's Championship was the second AFC Women's Championship. It was held from August 2 to August 11, 1977 in Taipei, Republic of China. The tournament was won by the Republic of China for the first time, who defeated Thailand in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="21505267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505267" title="Martial Arts Weekend">
Martial Arts Weekend

Martial Arts Weekend is an album by indie-rock band The Extra Glenns, which features members of The Mountain Goats and Nothing Painted Blue. The album was released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21505280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505280" title="The Bandit of Hell's Bend">
The Bandit of Hell's Bend

"The Bandit of Hell's Bend" is an Edgar Rice Burroughs Western fiction novel. "The Bandit of Hell's Bend" was published by "Argosy All-Story Weekly" in September and October 1924. The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on 1925-06-04.
This is one of four Westerns that Burroughs wrote. He had two working titles for it: "The Black Coyote" and "Diana of the Bar Y." 
Plot summary.
Elias Henders is the prosperous owner of a ranch and a gold mine. Competing for his daughter Diana, ranch hand Colby sabotages recovering alcoholic foreman Bull, and takes his job. The local stage is repeatedly robbed of gold bullion from the owner's mine, and Bull is suspected. The cowardly sheriff does not take action on the robberies. Rich Easterner Wainwright tries to buy the mine and ranch for a low price, but Henders refuses the offer and discusses the property's true value with Diana. She is intrigued by Wainwright's Eastern-educated son Jefferson, who proposes marriage. However, when they are attacked by Indians during the roundup, he runs rather than defend her. Henders is mortally wounded in the battle.
Henders will bequeaths his property to his brother John back East so that he can take care of Diana, but John dies too. The Wainwrights pretend that Henders had agreed to a sale, but Diana knows better. Diana's Eastern cousin Lillian brings Corson, a lawyer, to try to seize the ranch and gold mine. They insist that the ranch and mine are nearly played out, and that they should sell the property, offering her a small amount. They show their ignorance about western ways. Bull encourages Diana that the property is worth more than they say, and advises her that the Wainwrights are often at the mine. The Eastern lawyer finally announces that Diana has no property rights due to the wills.
As pressure from the opposing forces builds, a mob goes to hang Bull for the stage robberies, but Diana warns him in time. Bull discovers there are papers that will prove Diana's claim to the property, and that Lillian has seduced Colby to obtain his help. Bull actually does rob the stage, simply to obtain the papers supporting Diana. Diana recognizes him at the robbery, and is devastated because she is starting to have feelings for him. She orders the Wainwrights, Lillian and Corson off the property, and fires Colby.
Bull has the Mexican Gregorio deliver the important papers to Diana, showing that Lillian is not related to John and thus not entitled to the property. The villains try to take over the ranch. Bull catches Colby robbing the bullion stage, and has him watched in town, but he is released by the sheriff and his friends. Colby kidnaps Diana and heads for Mexico. He claims to be rescuing her, but she knows that she does not love him. Bull follows her doggedly, and eventually rescues her. They return to town, stop the illegal title transfers and announce their impending marriage.
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in Australia and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21505282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505282" title="Bougoula">
Bougoula

Bougoula may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505320" title="Arboretum des Quintes">
Arboretum des Quintes

The Arboretum des Quintes (5 hectares) is an arboretum located in Laigné-en-Belin, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France. It contains several hundred trees and shrubs, consisting of oaks, chestnuts, fruit trees, and so forth, as well as one hectare planted with representative landscapes of the Sarthe, including hedges and orchards. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505321" title="John Bath">
John Bath

John Bath is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a prop, i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Rugby Football League Championship Final appearances.
Bath played left-prop, i.e. number 8, in Wakefield Trinity’s 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966-67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21505323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505323" title="Eliaquim Mangala">
Eliaquim Mangala

Eliaquim Hans Mangala (born 13 February 1991) is a French footballer who plays for F.C. Porto in the Primeira Liga. He primarily plays as a central defender and is a France youth international having played with the under-21 team. Mangala made his debut with the team on 13 November 2009 against Tunisia. He holds a Belgian passport having lived in the country since he was five.
Club career.
Early career.
Mangala was born in the Vashi suburb of Colombes, but moved to Belgium at the age of five to live in the French-speaking city of Namur. At the same age, he joined local club "Athletic Club Lustin" as a youth player and spent six years at the club before moving to "CS Wépionnais" in nearby Wépion. After two years in Wépion, Mangala joined the biggest club in the city, UR Namur, and quickly impressed. While at Namur, Mangala was utilized as a striker and his positive displays at youth level led to interest from Standard Liège. In 2007, Mangala and Standard reached an agreement on a three-year youth contract.
Standard Liège.
Mangala joined Standard Liège and, upon his arrival, was converted into a left back and inserted into the club's under-17 team for the 2007–08 season. Mangala's admirable play with the team led to the player being promoted to Standard's under-19 team in January 2008, where he again switched positions, this time moving into central defence. During his time with the under-19 team, Mangala made the bench several times for Standard's under-21 team, despite being only 17 years old. 
For the 2008–09 season, Mangala was given the opportunity to train and play with the first team. On 23 October 2008, he signed his first professional contract, agreeing to a five-year deal with the club. Mangala was officially promoted to the senior team and assigned the number 22 shirt. On 9 November, he made his professional debut as an 89th minute substitute in a 3–1 victory over Germinal Beerschot.
He made another late appearance against Gent before earning his first career league start against Dender on 17 January 2009. In the match, Mangala provided the assist on the opening goal scored by Milan Jovanović in the 3rd minute of play. Standard won the match 3–2 with Mangala playing the entire match. He finished the season with 11 league appearances as Standard Liège were crowned champions. He also appeared in UEFA Cup matches against Italian club Sampdoria, German club Stuttgart, and Portuguese outfit Sporting, starting the match against the latter.
Mangala was inserted as a starter for the 2009–10 season making his debut in the club's 2–0 victory over Genk in the Belgian Supercup on 25 July 2009. On 12 September, Mangala scored his first professional goal in a league match against Mechelen in a 3–0 victory. Four days later, Mangala scored another goal against English club Arsenal in the club's opening UEFA Champions League group stage match. Mangala scored the goal in the 3rd minute and Standard striker Jovanović scored two minutes later to put Standard Liège up 2–0, however, the club went on to lose the match 3–2 following three unanswered goals from the English side.
Porto.
Mangala joined F.C. Porto for €7.5 million on 16 August 2011. He played his first season with Porto as a substitute behind the likes of Rolando, Maicon, and Otamendi. He made his breakthrough in his second season, when he became the main centre back and scored four league goals, one of which was in a 2–2 draw against Benfica.
International career.
Due to being raised in Belgium, Mangala did not feature with any of France's youth football teams. In 2008, he was approached by the Belgium Football Association who called the player up to the country's under-18 national team. However, due to not possessing a passport at the time, the call up was deemed futile. After excelling with Standard Liège's senior team, Mangala drew the interest of the French Football Federation with France under-21 manager Erick Mombaerts attending a match between Liège and Mouscron at the Stade Le Canonnier in November. On 5 November 2009, Mangala was selected, for the first time, to the under-21 team for a friendly match against Tunisia on 13 November and a 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification match against Slovenia on 17 November. Mangala made his under-21 debut in the Tunisia match, but missed the match against Slovenia after withdrawing from the team due to an injury suffered the previous day in training. On 2 March 2010, he earned his second straight selection to the under-21 team and started in central defence alongside captain Mamadou Sakho in the team's 3–1 win over Croatia. Now he is representing France in the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. 
After putting in some impressive performances with Porto, Mangala made his debut with the senior squad in a 1–0 loss to Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="21505324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505324" title="Terry Wardle">
Terry Wardle

Terry Wardle (born 17 April 1944) is a British writer born in Hereford. Has also been a soldier, teacher, journalist and businessman. He is perhaps best known for his award-winning children’s novel "The Hardest Sum in the World", originally published by Andersen in the UK and Australasia in hardback and by Corgi in paperback in Britain, published in Spain in 1989 and Italy in 1994 To date it has sold around 100,000 copies in the UK, Europe and Australasia. It has been in print continuously somewhere in the world for more than 20 years and is now published in the UK by MTC. It was particularly popular in Italy and in 1995 he became the first non-Italian winner of the Premio Verghereto literary award, which had previously been won by many leading Italian children’s authors. 
In 2009 he became the first writer to chronicle the history of the first pre-conquest Norman castle built in England in his book "England’s First Castle", published by The History Press. The book not only contained detailed original research on the castle and its builder, but a scathing critique of the failures of nineteenth- and twentieth-century historians, who had fatally confused what little information was thought to have been known about the castle. 
Other books include an historical novel, "The Secret of The Talisman", and local histories, "The History of Barbourne", of which he was co-author and Heroes and Villains of Worcestershire. His journalism career began at the weekly Kent Messenger. He also worked as Supplements Editor on the Birmingham Evening Mail and as editor on the Orpington Times and the Hereford Observer, and did a stint as a sub-editor on The Independent.
External links.
<references>
(1)1986, British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data ref 823'.914(J) PZ7
(2)1987, ISBN 0-552-52460-3
(3)La suma mas dificil del mundo, ediciones sm, ISBN 84-348-2573-2
(4)Il problema piu difficile del mondo, Piemme Junior, ISBN 88-384-3614-2
(5)The Hardest Sum in the World, MTC, ISBN 978-0-9553809-2-1
(6)ibid.
(7)Corriere di Cesena Anno III/N.275, 5 Ottobre 1995, p. 11
(8)ISBN 978-0-7524-4797-1
(9)2007, MTC, ISBN 978-0-9553809-1-4
(10)2007, MTC, ISBN 978-0-9553809-0-7
(11)2010, The History Press

</doc>
<doc id="21505336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505336" title="Edward Campbell (rugby league)">
Edward Campbell (rugby league)

Edward "Ted" Campbell is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Rugby Football League Championship Final Appearances.
Ted Campbell played Right-, i.e. number 10, in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966-67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21505339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505339" title="Kārlis Sensbergs">
Kārlis Sensbergs

Kārlis Sensbergs (alternate spelling Šenbergs or Senburgs; 27 May 1926 – May 1945) was a Waffen-Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. 
There is not much known about Waffen Unterscharführer Karlis Sensbergs it's believed he was born in 1925 or 1926 in Latvia. As a member of the 43rd Waffen Grenadier Regiment, 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian), he was awarded the Knight's Cross during the Battle of Berlin in May 1945. Its also believed he was killed during the battle and nothing has been heard of him since.

</doc>
<doc id="21505341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505341" title="2004 Deildabikar">
2004 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 2004 was the ninth staging of the Icelandic League Cup. It featured all the 2003 Urvalsdeild teams and the top 6 teams from 1. deild karla in 2003.
The competition started on 20 February 2004 and concluded on 8 May 2004 with FH beating KR 2-1 in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2004

</doc>
<doc id="21505353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505353" title="Clark Brandon">
Clark Brandon

Clark Brandon (born December 13, 1958) is an American actor. His most notable roles were as Max Merlin's apprentice Zachary Rogers in the CBS series "Mr. Merlin" and as Sean Fitzpatrick, the older brother, in the CBS series "The Fitzpatricks". He also starred with Jim Varney in the 1989 comedy film, "Fast Food".
Brandon also directed three films, 1992's "Dark Secrets", 1993's "Skeeter" and 1997's "The Last Road". As of 2014, he was Dean of Students at Areté Preparatory Academy in southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="21505363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505363" title="Brown note (disambiguation)">
Brown note (disambiguation)

A brown note is a hypothetical sound wave that would cause involuntary defecation.
Brown note or brown sound may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505369" title="Adrian Jack">
Adrian Jack

Adrian Frederick Joseph Jack (born 16 March 1943, England) is a British Composer.
Biography.
Adrian Jack was born on 16 March 1943, in Datchet, near Slough, Buckinghamshire, England. He was educated at Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood (1954–60), and the Royal College of Music, London (1961–64), where he studied composition with Peter Racine Fricker, fugue and orchestration with Gordon Jacob, piano with Antony Hopkins and organ with John Birch. From 1967 to 1969 he studied composition and electronic music with Włodzimierz Kotoński at the State Higher School of Music in Warsaw, Poland.
Jack started composing at the age of 13. He later studied at the Royal College of Music. The main conscious influence at that time was Messiaen. Hearing Boulez's "Le marteau sans maitre" brought a new atonal complexity to his music, replaced by an austere paring-down following his discovery of Edgard Varèse. He actually wrote to Varèse to ask if he could study with him in New York and received a letter of refusal, not very long before Varèse died in November 1965.
For the next 20 years, Jack composed somewhat intermittently, but his works included ""Holly Bush"", written in Poland and given a public rehearsal by the London Sinfonietta under Roger Norrington at the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London; a piano concerto for Roger Woodward, which was never performed; a monodic piece for any instruments or voices, ""You told me so yourself"", which received performances by different soloists and groups both in England and abroad; and ""A piece for learning"" – a "variable" score performed under Richard Bernas's direction at the Dartington Summer School. 
Jack lectured at the Royal College of Music from 1969 to 1977, then he joined BBC Radio 3 as a script-writer for music programmes. He left the BBC in 1993 and for the next ten years was active as a freelance music critic and devised and presented several radio programmes on music and architecture for BBC Radio 3 with the producers Tim Thorne and Antony Pitts, and two notable examples of radiogenic work, ""Chromatic Fantasy"" and ""From the Diary of a Fly"". Jack had written about music regularly since 1970, first for the monthly Music and Musicians, then for Time Out, where he was Classical Music and Opera Editor from 1975 to 77, as well as for most of the quality national papers, notably The Guardian and, later, The Independent. The other activity was as director of a series at the Institute of Contemporary Arts (ICA) in London, devoted to new music. It ran from 1978 to 1995. 
In 1986 the American pianist Yvar Mikhashoff requested a tango (""Tin-Pan Tango"") to perform at the Almeida Festival in London. This kick-started a revival in Jack's composition. Reacting against his own earlier music and most of the experimental or avant-garde music he promoted at the ICA, Jack now wrote music which is, broadly speaking, tonal, and in which the emphasis is on continuity and a sense of line. Among his ensemble pieces, ""Jigsaw"" and ""Notelette"" were requested and performed by Sounds Positive, while ""Zigzag"" was requested and performed (including a broadcast on Radio 3) by Cambridge New Music Players (now known as "New Music Players". His ""Piano Trio"" (the first of three works for the medium) was originally requested and performed by London New Music and became his most widely played work, taken up by three other groups and broadcast twice in different performances. Jack's first two string quartets were played and broadcast by The Smith Quartet, and the third, fourth, fifth and sixth recorded by the Arditti Quartet for the Deux-Elles. Of over 50 solo piano pieces, many have been performed and broadcast by Noriko Kawai and Iain Burnside, and all of Jack's music for piano duo has been performed by the Danish-based duo, Ingryd Thorson and Julian Thurber. Many of his scores are lodged with the British Music Information Centre (BMIC) and recordings at the British Library Sound Archive.
Owing to ill health Adrian Jack no longer composes or makes public appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="21505372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505372" title="2009 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round">
2009 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round

The 2009 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round was the first round of the 2009 Superbike World Championship season. It took place over the weekend of 27 February–1 March 2009, at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit near Cowes, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21505373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505373" title="Bernard Prior">
Bernard Prior

Bernard Prior (12 May 1934 — 17 June 2012 (aged 78)) born in Leeds North district, was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s playing at representative level for Great Britain, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Leeds, Hunslet, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums. As a child he attended Hunslet St Joseph's, and was selected for Hunslet Schools' R.L. and Yorkshire County, he died in Oulton, West Yorkshire.
Playing career.
International honours.
Bernard Prior won a cap for Great Britain while at Hunslet in 1966 against France.
County honours.
Bernard Prior represented Yorkshire while at Leeds against Cumberland at Hull in September 1959.
Rugby Football League Championship Final Appearances.
Bernard Prior played in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966-67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Bernard Prior played in Leeds' 9-7 victory over Barrow in the 1956–57 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1957, and Hunslet's 16-20 defeat by Wigan in the 1964–65 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 8 May 1965.
Notable tour matches.
Bernard Prior played , and scored a try in Leeds' 18-13 victory over Australia in the 1956–57 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain match at Headingley Stadium during October 1956.
Club career.
Bernard Prior was transferred from Leeds to Hunslet in January 1961 as part of the world record transfer fee of £13,250 for Brian Shaw (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £495,000 in 2009). The deal that took Brian Shaw from Hunslet to Leeds in a cash plus player deal, that included Bernard Prior and another Leeds player, Norman Burton.
Genealogical information.
Bernard Prior's marriage to Jean Miller was registered during October→December 1957 in Leeds District, they had two children; Antony, and Karen L. (birth registered April→June 1961 in Leeds District), and three grandchildren; Joseph and George Prior, and Lucy McCay.

</doc>
<doc id="21505391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505391" title="Penal Servitude Act">
Penal Servitude Act

Penal Servitude Act is a stock short title which was used in the United Kingdom for legislation relating to penal servitude. The abolition of penal servitude has rendered this short title obsolete in that country.
List.
The Penal Servitude Acts 1853 to 1891 is the collective title of the Penal Servitude Act 1853, the Penal Servitude Act 1857, the Penal Servitude Act 1864 and the Penal Servitude Act 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="21505411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505411" title="1981 AFC Women's Championship">
1981 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1981 AFC Women's Championship was the fourth AFC Women's Championship. It was held from June 7 to June 17, 1981 in Hong Kong. The tournament was won by for the third consecutive time by Chinese Taipei in the final against Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="21505418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505418" title="WEFX">
WEFX

WEFX (100.7 FM, "100.7 The Eagle") is a country music formatted radio station in Henderson, New York.
This station launched its classic hits format on February 11, 2009. WEFX uses the frequency formerly occupied by WOTT, which moved to 94.1 on February 9, 2009. This station played music from the 60's 70's and 80's. It used the catch phrase "plays the music you grew up with"
On September 6, 2012 WEFX changed their format from classic hits to country, branded as "100.7 The Eagle".

</doc>
<doc id="21505488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505488" title="Asser (name)">
Asser (name)

Asser is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="21505515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505515" title="Albert Trim">
Albert Trim

Albert Trim (born 6 October 1875) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). His surname was sometimes spelled as Trimm.
A defender from Beechworth, Trim played in South Melbourne's losing 1899 VFL Grand Final team and captained his club for the 1901 season. He spent his final two league seasons at Carlton and appeared in another losing Grand Final in 1904. During 1899, 1903 and 1904, Trim represented the VFL at interstate football.

</doc>
<doc id="21505525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505525" title="Roberts Gaigals">
Roberts Gaigals

Roberts Gaigals (born 16 March 1913, Twer, Russian Empire – died 15 April 1982, Riga, Latvian SSR) was a Waffen-Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Latvian Legion during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Biography.
The son of Latvian emigrants, Gaigals was born in Twer, in the Russian Empire. After 1920, the family returned to independent Latvia, and he studied at a commercial school in Riga.
In 1936 he was drafted into Latvian army, where he served in 9th Rēzekne infantry regiment. In 1937 he graduated from his training as a non-commissioned officer and was promoted to the rank of corporal. He entered the Latvian military academy in 1938 and graduated in July 1940, when Latvia was already occupied by the Soviet Union. He was promoted to lieutenant and served in a Pioneer regiment. Gaigals was still serving as an officer in Pioneer units when the Latvian army was incorporated into the Red Army. He deserted from the Red Army after Operation Barbarossa started in 1941.
He enlisted as an officer in the Latvian Legion after the formation of that unit in 1943. In May 1944 he was awarded the Iron cross II class; in July he received the Iron cross I class. Waffen-Obersturmführer Gaigals was the commander of the 6th Company, 42nd Waffen Grenadier Regiment, 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian), when he was awarded the Knight's Cross on 5 May 1945.
After the German capitulation in the Courland pocket, Gaigals entered Soviet captivity. He was sent to the Far East, Magadan. Gaigals returned to Latvia in 1954. He died in Riga on 15 April 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21505536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505536" title="Eupselia aristonica">
Eupselia aristonica

Eupselia aristonica is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21505545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505545" title="Boiyakonda Gangamma Temple">
Boiyakonda Gangamma Temple

Boiyakonda Gangamma Temple () also known as Boikonda Gangamma or Baikonda is a Hindu Pilgrimage centre dedicated to the goddess Gangamma Devi located in Chowdepalli Mandal, Pungunur taluk, Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh State of India.
Legend.
It is believed that the Goddess who gives her blessings to the devotees was discovered by the ancient local people here called as "Boiya's" and since then they are offering their devotion and prayers to the goddess.
The temple of Goddess Gangamma is one of the many ancient temples located on top of a mountain. The word "Baikonda" pronounced as "Baa-ee-kon-da" means mountain which has a well. The Goddess resides right besides this well and is believed to be very powerful. This goddess is known to destroy all evil and those who sincerely worship her are bound to succeed.
Devotees come here and make their wishes and once the wish comes true they come back to make an offering to the Goddess Gangamma which they would have agreed upon once their wish became true.
The offering for the Goddess is generally a hen or a sheep which will be sacrificed to the Goddess and the meat will be cooked at the same place and shall be eaten by all the family members who would have come along.
Devotees who come here should take the "theertha", the holy water in the well that is believed to cure and ward off evil.

</doc>
<doc id="21505551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505551" title="European Parliament election, 2004 (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol)">
European Parliament election, 2004 (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol)

The European Parliament election of 2004 took place on 12–13 June 2004.
The Olive Tree was the most voted list in Trentino, while the South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP) came first as usual in South Tyrol. However the SVP lost many votes to the Greens, which had their best result ever, and to the Union for South Tyrol (UfS).
Results.
<onlyinclude>====Trentino====
Source: Ministry of the Interior
South Tyrol.
Source: Ministry of the Interior
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21505560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505560" title="John Etty">
John Etty

John W. Etty (January→March ) born in Batley (birth registered in Dewsbury), is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s, '50s and '60s playing at representative level for British Empire XIII, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Batley, Oldham, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4.
Playing career.
International honours.
John Etty was a representative for the British Empire XIII while at Batley on 19 May 1951 against Wales XIII, and was an England "reserve to travel" while at Batley against France in 1946/47.
County Honours.
John Etty was selected for Yorkshire County XIII whilst at Batley during the 1947/48, 1948/49 and 1949/50 seasons.
Rugby Football League Championship appearances.
John Etty played Left-, i.e. number 5 in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the 1959–60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
John Etty played Left-, i.e. number 5, in Wakefield Trinity's 38-5 victory over Hull in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on 14 May 1960.
County Cup Final Appearances.
John Etty played Left-, i.e. number 5, and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 16-10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on 29 October 1960.
All Six Cups.
Only five rugby league footballers have won "All Six Cups" during their career, they are; Aubrey Casewell (while at Salford and Leeds), Alan Edwards (while at Salford and Bradford Northern), John Etty (while at Oldham and Wakefield Trinity), Edward "Ted" Slevin (while at Wigan and Huddersfield), and Derek Turner (while at Oldham and Wakefield Trinity). "All Six Cups" being the Challenge Cup, Rugby Football League Championship, Lancashire Cup, Lancashire League, Yorkshire Cup, and Yorkshire League.
Honoured at Oldham.
John Etty is an Oldham Hall Of Fame Inductee.
Outside of Rugby League.
John Etty was a pupil at Batley Grammar School between 1937-43.
In June 2007 John Etty was invited to a reception for former Bevin Boys at the House of Commons, hosted by Gordon Banks MP, John Etty and wife Kath were introduced to the Prime Minister at No 10 Downing Street on 25 March 2008, with John Etty receiving his Bevin Boys' Veterans Badge from Gordon Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="21505563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505563" title="Miss Earth Japan">
Miss Earth Japan

Miss Earth Japan () is a beauty pageant held annually in search of the most beautiful and environmental-friendly woman in Japan. The titleholder represents the country in the international Miss Earth pageant.
Miss Earth Japan 2011 is Tomoko Maeda, the current titleholder, who competed as Miss Tokyo. Ex-AKB48 member Shiho Watanabe placed second.
History.
Miss Earth Japan, based in Shinjuku, Tokyo, is organized by "IBG Japan" (I Vesey Japan, Inc.) under its corporate name "Miss Japan Institute of Earth General". The national director of the pageant is Osamu Sakata. The pageant was established in order to elect Japan's representative in the annual Miss Earth pageant, to further charity donations and philanthropic activities, and to promote environmental awareness and protection.
Japan was first represented in Miss Earth 2001 by Misuzu Hirayama, who was the first titleholder of Miss Earth Japan and won the Miss Friendship special award. 
In 2010, Japan first entered both in the semifinal and final round of the Miss Earth pageant, where Marina Kishira finished in the top 7 and won the Best in National Costume award in Miss Earth 2010.
Titleholders.
The winner of Miss Earth Japan (MEJ) represents her country at Miss Earth. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent. The following are the names of the annual titleholders of Miss Earth Japan (MEJ), listed according to the year in which they participated in Miss Earth:

</doc>
<doc id="21505565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505565" title="Niccolò Turrisi Colonna">
Niccolò Turrisi Colonna

Niccolò Turrisi Colonna (August 10, 1817 - May 13, 1889), baron of Buonvicino, was a Sicilian politician from Palermo.
He was a leading landowner and enlightened in the way he ran his business, studying agricultural science. He was a patriot even before the unification of Italy (). After the annexation of Sicily by Italy in 1860, Turrisi Colonna was made leader of the Palermo National Guard. He became a member of the Italian Senate (1865–1872) and in the 1880s served twice as mayor of Palermo.
In 1864, Turrisi Colonna wrote a study, "Public Security in Sicily", in which he described a "sect of thieves" that operated across Sicily and which is considered to be an early description of the Mafia, although he did not mention the term. This "sect" had special signals to recognize each other, had political protection in many regions, and a code of loyalty and non-interaction with the police known as "umirtà" or "omertà" ("humility"). The sect was mostly rural, comprising plantation wardens and smugglers, among others. The sect made "affiliates every day of the brightest young people coming from the rural class, of the guardians of the fields in the Palermitan countryside, and of the large number of smugglers; a sect which gives and receives protection to and from certain men who make a living on traffic and internal commerce. It is a sect with little or no fear of public bodies, because its members believe that they can easily elude this."
Turrisi Colonna warned in his report that the Italian government's brutal attempts to crush unlawfulness only made the problem worse by alienating the populace. He seemed to have known what he was talking about, as there was widespread suspicion that he was the protector of some important Mafiosi in Palermo. Domenico Farini, longtime president of the Senate, recalled that some members of Parliament told him in private in 1876 that Turrisi Colonna was the head of the Mafia.

</doc>
<doc id="21505574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505574" title="Eupselia carpocapsella">
Eupselia carpocapsella

The Common Eupselia Moth, Eupselia carpocapsella, is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505580" title="Shakuntala (TV series)">
Shakuntala (TV series)

Shakuntala is an Indian television series that premiered on February 2, 2009 and aired until July 6, 2009.
Plot.
The story is a fairy tale about a baby who was found by the Sage Kanva who gives her refuge in his ashram and raises her like his own daughter. Shakuntala grows up to be a breathtaking beauty (known to be as beautiful as a goddess). 
She meets King Dushyant who is completely smitten. He approaches her, wins her heart and gives her his Royal seal, his Ring.
Circumstances separate Shakuntala from King Dushyant, and she pines for her love to return.

</doc>
<doc id="21505591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505591" title="2003 Deildabikar">
2003 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 2003 was the eighth staging of the Finnish League Cup. It featured all the 2002 Urvalsdeild teams and the top 6 teams from 1. deild karla in 2002.
The competition started on 21 February 2003 and concluded on 9 May 2003 with ÍA beating Keflavík 4-2 on penalties in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2003

</doc>
<doc id="21505594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505594" title="Wellchester">
Wellchester

Wellchester (originally Wellworths) was a retail store in Dorchester, Dorset, England.
History.
January 2009 saw the closure of the final 200 Woolworths stores in the UK, including the Dorchester branch. At the time of closure, Claire Robertson was the store manager and after the closure of her branch, she decided to open her own version of the store in the former Woolworths premises Robertson secured investment for her new business and planned to open her store with 22 of the 25 staff that previously worked at the former Woolworths store, along with one new staff member. BBC Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans officially re-opened the store on 11 March 2009 at 10am.
On 2 April 2009, BBC One aired a documentary entitled "How Woolies Became Wellies: One Woman's Fight for the High Street", following Robertson's journey from the closing of Woolworths to the opening of Wellworths.
Weeks after the store opened, the store was the subject of significant media coverage from across Europe. Just three months after the opening of the, Wellworths celebrated its 100,000th customer. Robertson said that she never expected to get through 100,000 so soon after the store's opening day.
In August 2009 it was reported that the company was seeking backing to convert and then re-open three more former Woolworths stores under the Wellworths name.
In July 2012, it was announced that the store would be closing in the following month. A closing-down sale went ahead in August, and Poundland applied for planning permission to take over the premises. The Wellchester store finally closed its doors on 18 August.
Legacy.
In April 2010 Faith Footwear Ltd went into administration and 70 stores were closed, more than 1700 staff lost their jobs. Inspired by Claire Robertson's success the Chelmsford branch of Faith was reopened by the staff who used to work in the store on 3 July 2010, the new business is called 'Hope'. In the official press release Store Manager Justina Pay stated: "We were inspired by Claire Robertson and her success in turning her old Dorchester Woolworths store into Wellworths, a great example of someone who has had a massive success from a very sad redundancy. Customers were genuine in their sadness that our stores were closing and were concerned as to where they could buy quality shoes from, we knew we had to 'do a Wellworths' and try and bring it back!"

</doc>
<doc id="21505606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505606" title="Eupselia satrapella">
Eupselia satrapella

Eupselia satrapella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505610" title="Felicia Barton">
Felicia Barton

Felicia Barton (born 6 March 1982) is an American singer and songwriter, best known for her appearance on the eighth season of American Idol in 2009. Since 2013, she has joined Warner-Chappell Music and Pulse Recording as a songwriter, and has co-written songs for Lea Michele and Demi Lovato. 
Career.
"American Idol".
Barton auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Louisville, Kentucky. In the final round of Hollywood, Barton was eliminated by the judges. The day after the episode containing her elimination, it was announced that semi-finalist Joanna Pacitti had been disqualified, and that Barton would replace her in the Top 36. Barton performed in the third semi-finalist group, and received positive response for her performance from both the judges and commentators on the Internet. The next night, it was announced that she did not advance to the finals.
Post-Idol Career.
"Lost Words" (2011-present).
Barton released her debut EP, "Lost Words", on September 1, 2011. It features seven pop, rock, and soul based songs.
Songwriting.
In early 2013, Barton signed a "joint-venture publishing deal with Warner-Chappell & Pulse". She has co-written songs for Demi Lovato, Lea Michele, and American Idol finalist Jena Irene.
Personal life.
Barton originates from Virginia Beach, Virginia, and has since relocated to California. She is married to her husband Loren Barton, and the two have a son named Malachi.

</doc>
<doc id="21505612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505612" title="Communist Party of Turkey (current)">
Communist Party of Turkey (current)

The Communist Party of Turkey ("Türkiye Komünist Partisi", TKP) is a communist party in Turkey. It is known as the TKP since changing the name of the party from the Party for Socialist Power ("Sosyalist İktidar Partisi", SİP) in 2001.
Election results.
In the 2007 election, the party obtained its best result (by percentage) in Ardahan on the border with Georgia, where it got 787 votes (1.42%). TKP does not maintain offices in Ardahan.
In 2014 election, TKP won Municipality of Ovacık, Tunceli.

</doc>
<doc id="21505628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505628" title="Serghei Litvin Manoliu">
Serghei Litvin Manoliu

Serghei Litvin Manoliu is an artist, writer and blogger and the founder of the International Fair of 21st-Century Drawing. He was born in Bucharest in 1953. His four grandparents were of four different nationalities: Polish, Romanian, Russian and German. He currently lives between Paris and New York.
Biography.
Serghei Litvin Manoliu was born in 1953. His father was a theatre manager. His mother was a professor of Byzantine iconography. He is the descendant of three generations of painters. Attracted to drawing very early in life, he had his first exhibition when he was only 19. Between 1967 and 1968 he travelled across Italy and Sweden before settling in Paris. Since 2003, the artist has shared his time between his studio in New York studio and his Parisian ties.
He has had about twenty solo exhibitions and featured in as many fairs: New York, Cape Town, Paris Venice; etc. His works are exhibited in museums in the United States (Washington, D.C., Corpus Christi - Texas) and France (Tulle, Brive).
Serghei Litvin Manoliu also writes short texts for a number of blogs, critical articles, sketchbooks and artist’s books. These texts are always bilingual (French and English). Some of them are published at the author's expense with a print run of a few hundreds copies and sold by the La Hune bookshop in Paris, the Tate Modern bookshop in London and Printed Matter in New York. "Guns (Loaded?)", published in 2007 by Lélia Mordoch, was produced in collaboration with the renowned New York writer Andrew Solomon.
He first had the idea of creating a platform dedicated to contemporary drawing in Brooklyn in 2006. In 2007 in Paris, he founded the Cercle D, a club of drawing connoisseurs. In February 2008, he launched the 21st-Century Drawing Blog. The first edition of the International Fair of 21st-Century Drawing took place in Paris in March 2009. And FID 2010 takes places in March 2010, presenting exclusively art students from sixteen European major schools (Milano, Belgrad, London, Paris, Brussels, Helsinki...)

</doc>
<doc id="21505631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505631" title="Brian Briggs">
Brian Briggs

Brian Briggs was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Stanley Rangers, York, Huddersfield, St. Helens, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
Career at St Helens.
Brian Briggs was a stalwart for St. Helens playing over 80 matches mostly in the position. He was signed by St. Helens from Huddersfield on 14 February 1958, and made his St. Helens début against Oldham on 15 February 1958. He was a hard running and tough tackling who added great steel to the St. Helens pack at the time. In 83 matches for St. Helens Brian Briggs scored 4 tries, kicked 11 goals for a total points aggregate of 34 points. Brian Brigg's first try for St. Helens came at Hunslet as St. Helens cruised to a 33 points to two victory. Brian Briggs also had the pleasure of watching Tom van Vollenhoven notch four tries that particular day. On 14 April 1959 Brian Briggs scored a try and kicked two goals as St. Helens thumped Hull at Knowsley Road in front of 18,500 spectators. Brian Briggs managed to earn two caps for Yorkshire whilst at St. Helens. He partnered Dick Huddart in the in the resounding 1959 Championship Final 44 points to 22 thrashing of Hunslet. His final match for St. Helens was against Wigan in the Championship semi-final defeat on 7 May 1960. He transferred to the emerging great Wakefield Trinity side of the early 1960s for £5,000 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £216,000 in 2010).
International honours.
Brian Briggs, won a cap for England while at Huddersfield in 1956 against France, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Huddersfield in 1954 against New Zealand.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Brian Briggs played Left-, i.e. number 11, in Wakefield Trinity's 12–6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 12 May 1962.
County Cup final appearances.
Brian Briggs played Left-, i.e. number 11, in Wakefield Trinity's 16–10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960, and played in the 19–9 victory over Leeds in the 1961–62 Yorkshire Cup final.
Outside of Rugby League.
Circa-1960s, Brian Briggs was the landlord of the Fox And Grapes Inn, 107 Stanley Road, Wakefield, Circa-1980s, He was the landlord of The Sun Inn, 719 Leeds Road, Lofthouse Gate, Wakefield. He was also the landlord of the British Oak Public House at the top of Stanley Hill Wakefield.

</doc>
<doc id="21505649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505649" title="Hypertropha chlaenota">
Hypertropha chlaenota

Hypertropha chlaenota is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm 
The larvae feed on "Angophora" and "Eucalyptus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="21505658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505658" title="Dennis Williamson">
Dennis Williamson

Dennis Williamson is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at club level for Whitehaven, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Dennis Williamson played Right-, i.e. number 12 in Wakefield Trinity’s 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on 12 May 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="21505684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505684" title="Swiss Federal Nuclear Safety Inspectorate">
Swiss Federal Nuclear Safety Inspectorate

The Swiss Federal Nuclear Safety Inspectorate ( (ENSI)) is Switzerland's regulatory supervisory authority for nuclear safety and for the security of nuclear installations; it supervises the nuclear power plants at Beznau, Gösgen, Leibstadt and Mühleberg, the research reactors at the Paul Scherrer Institute, the University of Basel and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne), as well as the Swiss national central interim storage facility for radioactive waste (ZWILAG). ENSI's headquarters are located in Brugg in the Canton of Aargau.
For its part, ENSI is supervised by the ENSI Board: this body is elected by the Swiss Federal Council, to which it reports directly.
History.
Until the end of 2008, the Principal Nuclear Safety Division (HSK) within the Swiss Federal Office for Energy (SFOE) was the technical supervisory body responsible for nuclear plants in Switzerland. Its headquarters were located at Würenlingen in the Canton of Aargau.
The HSK monitored the safety of the five nuclear power plants operating in Switzerland and the country's other nuclear facilities. At the same time, HSK performed the function of supervising radiation protection for all the nuclear plants, as well as tasks in connection with the interim and final storage of radioactive waste. HSK was then monitored by the Swiss Federal Nuclear Safety Commission (KSA), a body consisting of non-executive experts in nuclear safety.
These tasks mentioned above have been performed by the Swiss Federal Nuclear Safety Inspectorate ENSI since 1 January 2009. In accordance with a law adopted by the Federal Assembly, the HSK was separated from the Swiss Federal Office of Energy (SFOE) and was converted into an independent regulatory supervisory authority. This step satisfied the requirement for the independence of the regulatory body as stipulated in the Convention on Nuclear Safety, a legal text adopted at the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in 1994 and setting the bases for nuclear safety worldwide and ratified by Switzerland subsequently.
Legal basis.
ENSI's organisation is governed by the Swiss Federal Nuclear Safety Inspectorate Act (ENSI Act, ENSIG). Most of the legislative bases for ENSI's supervisory activities are laid down in the Swiss Federal Nuclear Energy Act (NEA/KEG) and the Swiss Federal Law on Radiological Protection (LRaP/StSG).
ENSI's remit.
According to the Swiss Federal Nuclear Energy Act, an operator is responsible for the safety of its plant. ENSI verifies whether the operator fulfils this responsibility, and organises its own analyses, inspections and supervisory discussions in order to obtain its own bases for this assessment.
ENSI's supervisory activities can be divided into two main areas: assessment of facilities and surveillance of operations.
Assessment of facilities.
Basic principles and guidelines.
Nuclear plants are assessed and monitored on the basis of laws, guidelines and underlying technical and scientific principles which define the safety requirements and assessment criteria to be applied by ENSI. The Inspectorate continues to develop these basic principles and guidelines according to the state-of-the-art in science and technology. For this purpose, ENSI promotes research into nuclear safety, is represented in over 70 international committees and bodies specialising in the field of nuclear safety and security, and participates in the continuous development of international safety standards. Aspects covered by the guidelines include the definition of radiation protection objectives for the operation of nuclear plants, arrangements for reporting on the operation or organisation of nuclear power plants, and specification of requirements for deep geological repositories.
Expert reports.
ENSI draws up expert safety reports when nuclear plant operators submit applications that go beyond the scope of their existing operating licences. For example, the periodic safety reviews (PSRs) undertaken by all the nuclear power plants are assessed by ENSI, and the results are recorded in an expert report together with any conditions that may be imposed.
Permits.
ENSI processes applications for changes to nuclear plants which are covered by existing operating licences and issues permits if the decisions are positive. Examples include changes to components and systems that are classified as important to safety, or changes to technical specifications.
Surveillance of operations.
Monitoring, inspection and approval.
ENSI reviews reports from operators, conducts supervisory discussions and monitors nuclear plants (including their organisation and operation) by carrying out on-site inspections. ENSI only permits individuals with the necessary skills and education to occupy safety-relevant positions in nuclear plants.
Planned Maintenance Outages.
Each nuclear power plant organises an annual planned maintenance outage lasting several weeks, when maintenance work and repairs are carried out in the plant. The fuel is renewed at the same time. ENSI is present during these planned maintenance outages, which it also supervises.
Radiation monitoring.
ENSI monitors compliance with the radiation protection regulations and dose limits. It monitors discharges of radioactivity from nuclear plants and compliance with the discharge limits. ENSI also determines radiation exposure for the general public and the plant staff.
Remote monitoring and forecasting.
ENSI operates a measuring system around each nuclear plant for the purpose of automatic dose rate monitoring, together with a system to transmit plant parameters from the nuclear power plants. In case of an incident, this data enables ENSI to issue forecasts regarding the potential dispersion of radioactivity in the surrounding area.
Processing events.
Events at Swiss and foreign nuclear plants are systematically assessed to determine their significance in terms of nuclear safety. Based on an assessment of the measures implemented by the operator, ENSI examines whether the knowledge gained can be applied to other nuclear plants in Switzerland; if necessary, ENSI requests improvements.
Emergency preparedness.
ENSI is integrated into a nationwide organisation to deal with serious incidents, which includes the National Emergency Operation Centre (among other bodies).
Safety assessment.
ENSI collates all the data acquired during the course of a year into a Systematic Safety Evaluation, from which it derives any measures that may be required as well as the plans for its future supervisory activities. ENSI also provides information to the public in its annual reports on the safety of nuclear plants, radiation protection and the experience accumulated from operation and research.
Analyses following the reactor accident at Fukushima.
Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, ENSI analysed the events with the help of an interdisciplinary team of experts. The results, including the "Lessons Learned", were presented to the public in four reports published between August and December 2011. After Fukushima, Swiss nuclear power plants also had to prove their ability to cope with a 10,000-year flood, a 10,000-year earthquake and a seismically induced flood. In addition, Switzerland voluntarily took part in the EU Stress Test. Swiss nuclear power plants had to implement various improvement measures as a result of these reviews.
The 2009 operating year.
The Swiss nuclear plants registered 24 reportable events during 2009. Eleven of these events took place in the two reactors of the Beznau nuclear power plant, four at Mühleberg, three at Gösgen and four at Leibstadt. There were also two events in the nuclear facilities of the Paul Scherrer Institute (PSI). The event on 3 August 2009 at Beznau was assigned to level 2 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES); the event at Gösgen on 24 June 2008 (which was reported after a delay) was assigned to level 1, and the other events during the reporting year were classified as level 0. As regards events of this sort, this was definitely the worst operating year for the Swiss nuclear power plants since at least 1995.
The 2010 operating year.
The 41 reportable events in 2010 were distributed as follows among Switzerland's nuclear plants: a total of ten for the two reactors at the Beznau nuclear power plant, eleven for Gösgen, five for Leibstadt and fourteen for Mühleberg. To put the events at Mühleberg into context, ENSI states that the disturbances occurred "essentially" during the commissioning of new equipment. Two reportable events at INES level 0 took place in the nuclear facilities of the PSI during 2010. ENSI did not register any events at the two research reactors of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Lausanne and the University of Basel. 40 out of the 41 events can be classified at INES level 0. ENSI assigned one event to INES level 2: this occurred during the planned maintenance outage at the Leibstadt nuclear power plant on 31 August 2010. In this case, the permitted radiation dose of 20 millisievert (mSv) per year was exceeded for one diver. However, this event did not constitute an infringement of the Federal Law on Radiological Protection.
The 2011 operating year.
There were 31 reportable events in the Swiss nuclear power plants during 2011. Of these, 30 were assigned to level 0 of the INES International Nuclear Event Scale and one was classified at level 1 on the scale. Seven events concerned the Beznau nuclear power plant, units 1 and 2; five events affected Gösgen, and there were eleven at the Leibstadt nuclear power plant, four at the Mühleberg nuclear power plant, three in the nuclear facilities of the Paul Scherrer Institute, and one in the research reactor of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Lausanne. ENSI did not register any events at the Swiss national central interim storage facility for radioactive waste (ZWILAG) or in the research reactor at the University of Basel. The INES-1 event was reported as the consequence of a potential blockage of the water intake for the special emergency system during an extreme flood at the Mühleberg nuclear power plant. This finding prompted the operator of the power plant, BKW-FMB Energie AG, to shut the plant down prior to the date of the planned maintenance outage in order to carry out back-fitting.
The 2012 operating year.
There were 35 reportable events at the Swiss nuclear plants during 2012. 14 of these concerned the two units of the Beznau nuclear power plant; eight were at the Gösgen nuclear power plant, five occurred at the Leibstadt nuclear power plant, six took place at the Mühleberg nuclear power plant and two involved the nuclear facilities of the PSI. ENSI did not register any reportable events in the Swiss national central interim storage facility for radioactive waste (ZWILAG) at Würenlingen, or at the research reactors of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Lausanne and the University of Basel. The reportable events included four reactor scrams: one each at the Mühleberg and Gösgen nuclear power plants, and two at the Beznau plant. ENSI classified one event during 2012 at level 1 on the INES scale, which ranges from 0 to 7. This involved a disturbance in unit 2 of the Beznau nuclear power plant: the special emergency diesel generator (SEDG) failed to start during a periodic function test. The unit was started with compressed air but did not ignite. The plant's specialist staff were summoned to vent the fuel feed line, after which the unit started when another attempt was made. All the other events during the year were below the range of the INES event scale, i.e. they were classified at level 0.

</doc>
<doc id="21505717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505717" title="Equmenia">
Equmenia

Equmenia, officially written equmenia, is a Swedish Christian youth organization founded in 2007 as a merger of the three previous organization "Mission Covenant Youth of Sweden" (SMU), "Baptist Union Youth of Sweden" (SBUF), and "United Methodist Church Youth of Sweden" (MKU). Equmenia has approximately 39,000 members, which makes it one of the largest youth organizations in the country. 18,000 of these are members of Svenska Missionskyrkans Ungdom Scout (SMU-scout), the second largest Guide and Scout organization in Sweden, outnumbered only by the Swedish Guide and Scout Association. Equmenia is, through SMU-scout, one of five members of the umbrella organization Svenska Scoutrådet, which is a member of World Organization of the Scout Movement and World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts.
Equmenia is the youth organization affiliated with Equmeniakyrkan, former Mission Covenant Church of Sweden, the Baptist Union of Sweden, and the United Methodist Church of Sweden.
Name and logo.
The name "equmenia" stems from the word "ekumenik" (English: ecumenism) and the abbreviation "EQ", emotional intelligence. The logo of the organization takes the form of a cross to denote the Christian connection of Equmenia. The name is supposed to be spelled in only lowercase letters.

</doc>
<doc id="21505722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505722" title="Peritropha oligodrachma">
Peritropha oligodrachma

Peritropha oligodrachma is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm 
The larvae live in a tunnel on the underside of a leaf of its food plant. It feeds on the leaves of various "Eucalyptus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="21505725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505725" title="Victory Base Complex">
Victory Base Complex

Victory Base Complex or VBC, as it is most commonly called, was a cluster of U.S. military installations surrounding the Baghdad International Airport (BIAP). The primary component of the VBC was Camp Victory, and was the location of the Al-Faw Palace, which served as the headquarters for the Multi-National Corps - Iraq, and later as the headquarters for the United States Forces - Iraq.
The following is an alphabetical list of coalition installations that were within the Victory Base Complex:

</doc>
<doc id="21505751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505751" title="Kolosso">
Kolosso

Kolosso may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505755" title="Progonica rhothias">
Progonica rhothias

Progonica rhothias is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505767" title="Linear dichroism">
Linear dichroism

Linear dichroism (LD) is a spectroscopic technique that is primarily used to study the functionality and structure of molecules. LD can be defined as the difference between absorption of light polarized parallel and polarized perpendicular to an orientation axis. LD measurements are based on the interaction between matter and light and thus are a form of electromagnetic spectroscopy.
<br>This effect has been applied across the EM spectrum, where different wavelengths of light can probe a host of chemical systems. The predominant use of LD currently is in the study of bio-macromolecules (e.g. DNA) as well as synthetic polymers.
Basic information.
Linear polarization
LD uses linearly polarized light, which is light that has been polarized in one direction only. This produces a wave, the electric field vector, which oscillates in only one plane, giving rise to a classic sinusoidal wave shape as the light travels through space. By using light parallel and perpendicular to the orientation direction it is possible to measure how much more energy is absorbed in one dimension of the molecule relative to the other, providing information to the experimentalist.
As light interacts with the molecule being investigated, should the molecule start absorbing the light then electron density inside the molecule will be shifted as the electron becomes photoexcited. This movement of charge is known as an electronic transition, the direction of which is called the electric transition polarisation. It is this property for which LD is a measurement.
The LD of an oriented molecule can be calculated using the following equation:-
LD = A║- A┴ 
Where A║ is the absorbance parallel to the orientation axis and A┴ is the absorbance perpendicular to the orientation axis.
Note that light of any wavelength can be used to generate an LD signal.
The LD signal generated therefore has two limits upon the signal that can be generated. For a chemical system whose electric transition is parallel to the orientation axis, the following equation can be written:
LD = A║- A┴ = A║ > 0
For most chemical systems this represents an electric transition polarised across the length of the molecule (i.e. parallel to the orientation axis).
Alternatively, the electric transition polarisation can be found to be perfectly perpendicular to the orientation of the molecule, giving rise to the following equation:
LD = A║- A┴ = - A┴ < 0
This equation represents the LD signal recorded if the electric transition is polarised across the width of the molecule (i.e. perpendicular to the orientation axis), which in the case of LD is the smaller of the two investigable axes. 
LD can therefore be used in two ways. If the orientation of the molecules in flow is known, then the experimentalist can look at the direction of polarisation in the molecule (which gives an insight into the chemical structure of a molecule), or if the polarisation direction is unknown it can be used as a means of working out how oriented in flow a molecule is.
UV linear dichroism.
Ultraviolet (UV) LD is typically employed in the analysis of biological molecules, especially large, flexible, long molecules that prove difficult to structurally determine by such methods as NMR and X-ray diffraction. 
DNA 
DNA is almost ideally suited for UV LD detection. The molecule is very long and very thin, making it very easy to orient in flow. This gives rise to a strong LD signal. DNA systems that have been studied using UV LD include DNA-enzyme complexes and DNA-ligand complexes, the formation of the latter being easily observable through kinetic experiments.
Fibrous protein 
Fibrous proteins, such as proteins involved in Alzheimer’s disease and prion proteins fulfil the requirements for UV LD in that they are a class of long, thin molecules. In addition, cytoskeletal proteins can also be measured using LD. 
Membrane proteins
The insertion of membrane proteins into a lipid membrane has been monitored using LD, supplying the experimentalist with information about the orientation of the protein relative to the lipid membrane at different time points.
In addition, other types of molecule have been analysed by UV LD, including carbon nanotubes and their associated ligand complexes.
Alignment methods.
Couette flow
The Couette flow orientation system is the most widely used method of sample orientation for UV LD. It has a number of characteristics which make it highly suitable as a method of sample alignment. Couette flow is currently the only established means of orientating molecules in the solution phase. This method also requires only very small amounts of analysis sample ( 20 - 40 µl) in order to generate an LD spectrum. The constant recirculation of sample is another useful property of the system, allowing many repeat measurements to be taken of each sample, decreasing the effect of background noise on the final recorded spectrum. 
Its mode of operation is very simple, with the sample sandwiched between a spinning tube and a stationary rod. As the sample is spun inside the cell, the light beam is shone through the sample, the parallel absorbance calculated from horizontally polarised light, the perpendicular absorbance from the vertically polarised light. 
Couette flow UV LD is currently the only commercially available means of LD orientation. 
Stretched film
Stretched film linear dichroism is a method of orientation based on incorporating the sample molecules into a polyethylene film. The polyethylene film is then stretched, causing the randomly oriented molecules on the film to ‘follow’ the movement of the film. The stretching of the film results in the sample molecules being oriented in the direction of the stretch.
Associated techniques.
Circular Dichroism
LD is very similar to Circular Dichroism (CD), but with two important differences. (i) CD spectroscopy uses circularly polarized light whereas LD uses linearly polarized light. (ii) In CD experiments molecules are usually free in solution so they are randomly oriented. The observed spectrum is then a function only of the chiral or asymmetric nature of the molecules in the solution. With biomacromolecules CD is particularly useful for determining the secondary structure. By way of contrast, in LD experiments the molecules need to have a preferential orientation otherwise the LD=0. With biomacromolecules flow orientation is often used, other methods include stretched films, magnetic fields, and squeezed gels. Thus LD gives information such as alignment on a surface or the binding of a small molecule to a flow-oriented macromolecule, endowing it with different functionality from other spectroscopic techniques. The differences between LD and CD are complementary and can be a potent means for elucidating the structure of biological molecules when used in conjunction with one another, the combination of techniques revealing far more information can a single technique in isolation. For example CD tells us when a membrane peptide or protein folds whereas LD tells when it inserts into a membrane. 
Fluorescence detected Linear Dichroism 
Fluorescence-detected linear dichroism (FDLD) is a very useful technique to the experimentalist as it combines the advantages of UV LD whilst also offering the confocal detection of the fluorescence emission. FDLD has applications in microscopy, where can be used as a means of two-dimensional surface mapping through differential polarisation spectroscopy (DPS) where the anisotropy of the scanned object allows an image to be recorded. FDLD can also be used in conjunction with intercalating fluorescent dyes (which can also be monitored using UV LD). The intensity difference recorded between the two types of polarised light for the fluorescence reading is proportional to the UV LD signal, allowing the use of DPS to image surfaces

</doc>
<doc id="21505777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505777" title="John Walters (priest and poet)">
John Walters (priest and poet)

John Walters (11 June 1760 – 28 June 1789) was a Welsh Anglican priest and poet.
Life.
Walters was the eldest son of John Walters, a clergyman and lexicographer, and he was born on 11 June 1760 in Llandough, Glamorgan, south Wales. He was educated at Cowbridge Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1777 obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1781. During his time in Oxford, he was sub-librarian at the Bodleian Library. He became headmaster of Cowbridge Grammar School in 1783 and headmaster of Ruthin School in the following year, when he also obtained his Master of Arts degree. He was later rector of Efenechtyd, Denbighshire. He died on 28 June 1789 in Ruthin, survived by his wife and two daughters.
Works.
Walters was a noted poet, publishing "Poems with Notes" in 1780 whilst still a university student. "Translated Specimens of Welsh Poetry" followed in 1782. Other works included an edition and translation of Llywarch Hen's poems (published in "The History of Wales" by Warrington in 1788) and sermons.
A new edition of Toxophilus printed by R.Marsh of Wrexham in 1788. It was edited with an introduction by the Rev. John Walters, M.A., Master of Ruthin Grammar School. This date coincides with the formation of the Royal British Bowmen, in Wrexham, in 1787!
References.
2. Bernard Dennis www.bernarddennis.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="21505796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505796" title="Nikolajs Galdiņš">
Nikolajs Galdiņš

Nikolajs Galdiņš (9 October 1902 - 5 October 1945) was an Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Nikolajs Galdiņš was born on the 9 October 1902 in Riga, Latvia. After World War I he volunteered to join the Latvian Army in July 1919. By 1924 he has graduated from the War Academy and was assigned to the 4th Valmiera Infantry Regiment. He later served on the General Staff as a Captain until 1938, when he was a Military instructor at the 2nd Riga High School.
World War II.
During World War II the Latvian Army was abolished in 1940, Galdins for a short time served as an officer in the 195th Rifle Regiment, 181st Division. 
After the German attack on the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa), he volunteered in October 1942, to join the Waffen SS in the Administration department.
In the summer of 1943, Galdins was appointed the Adjutant 42nd Waffen Grenadier Regiment, 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian), commanded by Voldemars Veiss and served on the Leningrad front.
In October 1943, he was given command of the III. Battalion, 42nd Waffen Grenadier Regiment and took over command of the Regiment in January 1944. In October 1944, he was awarded the German Cross in Gold and the Knight's Cross in January 1945 for his bravery and leadership of his Regiment during the fighting in the Kurland Pocket.
After the German surrender in May 1945, he was a captive of the Soviet Union and executed by firing squad in Leningrad on the 5 October 1945.
Miscellaneous.
The Latvian Legion's attachment to the SS, unit designations and ranks were considered a formality. Latvian and Estonian soldiers regardless of whether they volunteered or were drafted, were not members of the Nazi party.
In 1949-50, United States Displaced Persons Commission investigated the Estonian and Latvian "SS" and found these military units to be neither criminal nor Nazi collaborators. On 12 September 1950, Harry N. Rosenfield, the United Nations Refugee Relief Association commissioner, wrote to Jūlijs Feldmanis, Latvia's chargé d'affaires in Washington, saying that «the Waffen-SS units of the Baltic States (the Baltic Legions) are to be seen as units that stood apart and were different from the German SS in terms of goals, ideologies, operations and constitution, and the Commission does not, therefore, consider them to be a movement that is hostile to the government of the United States under Section 13 of the Displaced Persons Act, as amended.»

</doc>
<doc id="21505797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505797" title="List of Windows Mobile devices">
List of Windows Mobile devices

Windows Mobile is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft, based on Windows CE and is the successor to Pocket PC 2002 and predecessor of Windows Phone. New devices running Windows Mobile were released between 2003 and 2010. Many different companies produced devices running Windows Mobile during this time frame. The table below groups devices into two categories, those with cellular capability and those without. The version of Windows Mobile 5.x called "Smartphone", and the version of Windows Mobile 6.x called "Standard", is designed to run on devices without a touch screen; all other devices listed have touch screens.

</doc>
<doc id="21505798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505798" title="Sphenocoelus">
Sphenocoelus

Sphenocoelus is an extinct genus of brontothere of the subfamily "Dolichorhininae", family "Brontotheriidae", endemic to North America during the Middle Eocene epoch (46.2—42 mya), existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Sphenocoelus" was named by Osborn (1895). It is not extant. Its type is Sphenocoelus uintensis. It was assigned to "Brontotheriidae" by Osborn (1895) and Carroll (1988); and to "Dolichorhininae" by Mader (1998).
Morphology.
In life, it would have resembled a hornless rhinoceros, to which it was distantly related. However, it was smaller than modern rhinos, standing about high at the shoulders, and had a much longer head. Its teeth were adapted to eating soft vegetation, such as forest leaves. Like other brontotheres, it had four toes on the front feet, and three on the hind feet, and the animal is unlikely to have been able to run fast.
A single specimen was examined by M. Mendoza for body mass and was estimated to have a weight of 106.2 kg (234 lbs).
Fossil distribution.
Fossils were restricted to southern Wyoming and eastern Utah.
Species.
"S. blairi, S. bridgeri, S. harundivoras, S. hyognathus (syn. Dolichorhinus longiceps, Telmatotherium cornutum), S. intermedius (syn. Dolichorhinus fluminalis, Dolichorhinus heterodon, Mesatirhinus superior), S. uintensis".

</doc>
<doc id="21505801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505801" title="Pedois lewinella">
Pedois lewinella

Pedois lewinella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505803" title="Wedding sari">
Wedding sari

A wedding sari is the traditional wedding dress of Indian women. The sari is traditionally red, with golden embroidery. Saint Thomas Christians from Kerala usually wear golden, white or cream saris with gold embroidery.
Red saris are the traditional garment choice for brides in Indian culture. Sari fabric is also traditionally silk. Over time, color options and fabric choices for Indian brides have expanded. Today fabrics like crêpe, Georgette, tissue and satin are used, and colors have been expanded to include gold, pink, orange, maroon, brown, and yellow as well. Indian brides in Western countries often wear the sari at the wedding ceremony and change into traditional Indian wear afterwards (lehenga, choli, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="21505807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505807" title="Assabe and Sabina">
Assabe and Sabina

Assabe and Sabina was a regionally popular Pennsylvania German dialect radio program that was broadcast from radio station WSAN in Allentown, Pennsylvania in the United States from 1944 until 1955.
The show centered around the relationship between "Der Assabe Mumbauer", a Pennsylvania German farmer, and his wife, "Die Sabina Mumbauer". The character of Assabe was a "humorous prankster who frequently was in difficulty with his wife or with his neighbors."
History.
Lloyd A. Moll created the program, and played the role of "Der Assabe" until his death, just a few weeks after the show's launch. Dr. Harry Hess Reichard, professor of German at Muhlenberg College and noted Pennsylvania German scholar, then assumed the role of Assabe. Paul R. Wieand, a local teacher, author and writer of dialect plays, played the role of "Die Sabina", Assabe's wife.
The show was first broadcast on January 16, 1944, and ran until 1955. It ran each Sunday, from 1:00 p.m. to 1:15 p.m.
After Moll's death, scripts were written by Rev. Clarence R. Rahn. These scripts are archived in the Shadek-Fackenthal Library of Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster.
Cultural influence.
"Assabe and Sabina" was extremely popular amongst the Pennsylvania German-speaking populations of Lehigh and Northampton counties, and thousands listened to the program weekly. The show served to sustain interest in Pennsylvania German language and culture in the period during, and immediately after, World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="21505810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505810" title="Diedougou">
Diedougou

Diedougou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505824" title="Matrox Simple Interface">
Matrox Simple Interface

Matrox Simple Interface (in short MSI) is the name of a proprietary DOS and Windows 95 application programming interface for Matrox Mystique graphics cards made by Matrox. MSI API supported a maximum of 640x480x16 resolution with z-buffer and no bilinear filtering. It used color look up tables to save memory. When Matrox released the Matrox m3D (using the PowerVR PCX2 chipset), MSI was completely abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="21505828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505828" title="Pedois humerana">
Pedois humerana

Pedois humerana is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505845" title="Convention on the Law of the Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses">
Convention on the Law of the Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses

The Convention on the Law of Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses is a document, adopted by the United Nations on 21 May 1997, pertaining to the uses and conservation of all waters that cross international boundaries, including both surface and groundwater. "Mindful of increasing demands for water and the impact of human behavior", the UN drafted the document to help conserve and manage water resources for present and future generations. The treaty has been ratified by 35 states and will enter into force on 17 August 2014. It is regarded as an important step in establishing international law governing water.
In northern hemisphere autumn of 2008, the UN began reviewing a law proposed by the International Law Commission to serve similar purpose to the unratified document, but was considering adopting the proposal as guideline rather than immediately attempting to draft it into law.
Background.
The International Law Commission (ILC) was requested by the United Nations in 1970 to prepare viable international guidelines for water use comparable to The Helsinki Rules on the Uses of the Waters of International Rivers, which had been approved by the International Law Association in 1966 but which failed to address aquifers that were not connected to a drainage basin. After the ILC completed its project in 1994, the UN Sixth Committee drafted the Convention on the Law of Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses based on their proposal. The General Assembly adopted the document on 21 May 1997 with only three dissenting in a vote of 106.
Provisions.
The document sought to impose upon UN member states an obligation to consider the impact of their actions on other states with an interest in a water resource and to equitably share the resource, mindful of variant factors such as population size and availability of other resources. 
Each member state that shares in a resource is required to provide information to other sharing states about the condition of the watercourse and about their planned uses for it, allowing sufficient time for other sharing states to study the use and object if the use is perceived to be harmful. The document permits a state with urgent need to immediately utilize a watercourse, providing that it notifies sharing states both of the use and the urgency. In the event that a use is perceived to be harmful, it requires member states to negotiate a mutually acceptable solution, appealing for arbitration as necessary to uninvolved states or international organizations such as the International Court of Justice.
The treaty also requires states to take reasonable steps to control damage, such as caused by pollution or the introduction of species not native to the watercourse, and imposes an obligation on states that damage a shared water resource to take steps to remedy the damage or to compensate sharing states for the loss. It includes provisions for managing natural damage to waterways, such as caused by drought or erosion, and mandated that sharing states notify others immediately of emergency conditions related to the watercourse that may affect them, such as flooding or waterborne diseases.
Article 7 controversy.
Article 7 of the document, entitled, "Obligation not to cause significant harm," requires that member states "in utilizing an international watercourse in their territories ... take all appropriate measures to prevent the causing of significant harm to other watercourse states" and compensate sharing states for any such harm. According to Stephen McCaffrey of the McGeorge School of Law, this is "the most controversial provision" of the Convention, with conflict stemming from the fact that a state may have legitimate uses for a watercourse in its nation that can negatively impact other nations. He offers the following example:
Suppose ... upstream State A has not significantly developed its water resources because of its mountainous terrain. The topography of the downstream states on the watercourse, B and C, is flatter, and they have used the watercourse extensively for irrigation for centuries, if not millennia. State A now wishes to develop its water resources for hydroelectric and agricultural purposes. States B and C cry foul, on the ground that this would significantly harm their established uses.
McCaffrey indicates that controversy here stemmed from the UN's adaptation of text by the ILC with the intention of strengthening the obligation to do no harm, as the ILC's language more heavily emphasized the "equitable utilization", or balance of the various needs of the states.

</doc>
<doc id="21505852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505852" title="Oak Orchard Light">
Oak Orchard Light

Oak Orchard Light was a lighthouse that operated on the shores of Lake Ontario, in New York, United States, at Point Breeze from 1871 to 1916. In 2010 a local community group built a historically accurate replica of the lighthouse near the original site on the east side of Oak Orchard Creek. Originally it had been built at the end of a long wooden pier on the west side. 

</doc>
<doc id="21505866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505866" title="Dialakoro">
Dialakoro

Dialakoro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505868" title="Arboretum du Rosay">
Arboretum du Rosay

The Arboretum du Rosay (2.5 hectares) is a new arboretum within the "parc du domaine de Rosay" in Sablé-sur-Sarthe, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France. The park was named a historical monument in 1992, has been owned by the municipality since the late 1990s, and in 2007-2008 was planted with 120 trees by school children and adults. Plantings include conifers, deciduous trees, ginkgo, and palm trees, each labeled with botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="21505880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505880" title="Four Nations Futsal Cup (2008 England)">
Four Nations Futsal Cup (2008 England)

Four Nations Futsal Cup (Loughborough, England) is an international friendly championship in futsal. The tournament was held in Loughborough, England from 19 to 21 of December 2008. The championship was played in Loughborough University Arena
Source.
Futsal Planet

</doc>
<doc id="21505890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505890" title="Benkadi">
Benkadi

Benkadi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505902" title="Miria, Mali">
Miria, Mali

Miria is a commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The principal town lies at Doumanani. The commune covers an area of 231 square kilometers and includes five villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8,226. The village of Doumanani, the administrative center ("chef-lieu") of the commune, is 68 km northwest of Sikasso.

</doc>
<doc id="21505906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505906" title="Miria">
Miria

Miria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505916" title="Laughter Knights">
Laughter Knights

Laughter Knights is the fifth season in the famous comedy series The Great Indian Laughter Challenge. In this season all the finalist from the last four seasons is going to fight for the victory. The show airs on STAR One every Fri-Sat 9 pm from December 12, 2008. Produced by Endemol India.
Plot.
In an attempt to give the audience more laughter in the most authentic way, there would be pleasant variations, unlike The Great Indian Laughter Challenge (TGILC).
The participants of Laughter Knights will be the finalists of TGILC I - IV. The familiar faces, Siddhu and Mandira Bedi will grace the show with their never ending laughter and one of their kind comments.
With the traditional stand up comedy, there will be a Laughter Panchayat, where the funniest of the cases will be discussed and a judgment will be passed by none other than the knights of laughter.
Besides that, there will be exclusive, unique, never done before celebrity interviews. The Laughter Knights will interview and interact with the 'cut - outs' of famous celebrities of the television and film industry. It will be an INTERESTING interaction between the Knights & with the celebs' cut out, the questions and the discussions will leave the audience in splits of laughter.
Another new addition of Laughter Knights will be its interactive audience where the Knights' will take digs at the familiar faces in the audience & the rest of the Knights who will be there throughout the 13 episodes of the show. The feel will be a more familiar setting and a frequently interacted with audience.

</doc>
<doc id="21505932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505932" title="Micvac">
Micvac

The MicVac method is a pasteurization method for the food processing industry producing ready meals. Food ingredients are inserted into a package, which is sealed. The food is then cooked and pasteurized in the sealed package. During the heating process a valve on the package opens and releases steam and oxygen. The process time is short since the food is pasteurized with microwaves. When the microwave heating process stops the valve closes. Remaining steam condenses and causes an underpressure in the package. The final result is a cooked, pasteurized and vacuum-packed product. The short cooking time in combination with the absence of oxygen in the pack is unique for the method and has many advantages. The method has been used in the food industry since 2005.
The inventor of the technique is Dr. Joel Haamer and the company MicVac was founded in August 2000. Already in the 1970s, when Haamer tried to find a solution for better taking care of mussels, which are heat-sensitive and easily get rancid, he got the first ideas to the method. In the end of the 1990s, the microwave technology had reached such a progress that Haamer’s idea was patented. During 5 years the development work took place and then, in 2005, the method was commercialized.

</doc>
<doc id="21505948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505948" title="Binko">
Binko

Binko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21505975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505975" title="Geoffrey Oakes">
Geoffrey Oakes

Geoffrey "Geoff" Oakes () born in Belle Vue, Wakefield, is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity (twice), and Warrington, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
Rugby Football League Championship final appearances.
Geoff Oakes played in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the 1959-60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960, and the 5-14 defeat by Huddersfield in the 1961-62 Rugby Football League Championship final at Headingley Stadium at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 19 May 1962.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Geoff Oakes played in Wakefield Trinity's 38-5 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 14 May 1960, and the 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 12 May 1962.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Geoff Oakes played in Wakefield Trinity's 16-10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960, and in Warrington's 16-5 victory over Rochdale Hornets in the 1965–66 Lancashire Cup final at Knowsley Road, St. Helens.
Club career.
Geoffrey Oakes, and Harold Poynton both made their début for Wakefield Trinity in the 17-12 victory over St. Helens at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Saturday 1 February 1958.
Biography.
Played soccer - goalkeeper at Thornes House Grammar School. Started playing rugby at 16.
In 1955 played two matches for Yorkshire Amateurs U-18 against Lancashire and Cumbria whilst with Trinity Juniors and signed for Wakefield Trinity in 1956 and remained with Trinity until 1964. Geoff made his first team appearance in 1958 against St Helens together with Harold Poynton and Reg Parker. Played in two winning Wembley finals, two championship finals and one Yorkshire Cup. Chosen as "shadow hooker" for Great Britain.
Signed for Warrington in 1964 and whilst there won a Lancashire Cup winners medal. In 1967 returned to Wakefield and retired in 1968 after breaking a leg against St Helens, missing "water splash" final, having played in all previous rounds.
Geoff's other sporting interest is golf, and he was a former member, and past captain City of Wakefield Golf Club. Served on Leeds and District Golf Union executive committee. Played in many pro-ams around the world, winning 25 events including Monaco, Trinidad and Tobago, Acapulco and Biarritz. Professionals played alongside included Mike Slater (pro at Warringon), Hedley Muscroft, Ronan Rafferty, Paul Carrigill, Bill Ferguson and local professional Adrian Ambler. Best handicap 4.
Also became interested in Horse Riding and took part in one day hunter trials, winning at Heath, Wakefield and hunted several times with Rockwood and Badsworth hunts.
When owning the Quarry Inn, Horbury he improved his cooking skills and continues to do so in retirement!

</doc>
<doc id="21505977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505977" title="Anthony Faramus">
Anthony Faramus

Anthony Charles Faramus was an actor and author who was born in Jersey in 1920 and died in Britain in 1990.
The autobiographical accounts of his survival of Fort de Romainville, Buchenwald and the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp complex were published as "The Faramus Story" in 1954 and "Journey Into Darkness" in 1990. Two books about Agent Zigzag, the double agent Eddie Chapman, also document aspects of Faramus’s imprisonment in Jersey, Paris and the concentration camps.
Arrested.
Faramus worked as a hairdresser in a Saint Helier salon and later, during the early stages of the German occupation of the Channel Islands, was employed in the kitchen of the Miramar Hotel.
Under the conditions of military occupation, the administration of civil law and order was subject to the dictates of the German authorities, a state of affairs that some have described as collaboration. In December 1940 Faramus was arrested by the Jersey police, on the orders of the Feldgendarmerie, for an act of sabotage. The Jersey police had caught him in possession of an anti-Nazi leaflet and accused him of defrauding the state of ninety Occupation Marks. Faramus names Centenier Arthur Tostevin, an Honorary Police officer of St.Helier and Detective Constable Benjamin Shenton as the officials who had informed the Germans about his activities. He was sentenced to six months hard labour and incarcerated in H.M. Prison Jersey, sharing the same cell as Eddie Chapman. They arranged to meet-up after they were released from prison and consequently shared a flat. For a short period they ran a barber shop together. Their customers included civilians and German soldiers alike.
Deported.
The authorities suspected Faramus and Chapman of further involvement in acts of sabotage and they were re-arrested by the police late one night in November 1941. As a political prisoner, Faramus was deported with Chapman by boat from St. Helier, Jersey to the port of Granville, in mainland Normandy, then in Occupied France. They were then taken by rail to Fort de Romainville in Paris where many people were interned before being deported to Auschwitz, Ravensbrück, Buchenwald and Dachau.
After a year, Faramus along with other prisoners from Romainville, was taken in terrible conditions by train via Compiègne onto the Buchenwald concentration camp near Weimar, Germany.
In chapter 7 of "Journey Into Darkness", Faramus describes the crime for which he was taken out of the Buchenwald camp and forced on a journey to Mauthausen via Leipzig, Dresden and Prague.
...a freezing cold morning, at my place of work — ‘Kommando das Grab' (communal graves) — I had momentarily set aside my shovel to blow into my hands and fingers. I had not seen the approach of the SS Warrant Officer. Failing to acknowledge the man’s presence and not coming to attention and removing my cap from my head until he had passed by was one crime, the interruption of my work without permission was another. I was punched and booted; worse, my number (E)42324 was noted in his book of reports.
The Nazi Party defined Mauthausen as "Grade III". Its purpose was to punish "Incorrigible Political Enemies of the Reich" with extermination through labour.
In "Journey Into Darkness" Faramus acknowledges Captain Maurice Pertschuck who was murdered in Buchenwald in 1944, Christopher Burney and Lt. Jack H. Taylor. In film footage gathered by the US Department of Defense after the 11th Armored Division of the 3rd US Army entered the camp on the 5th of May 1945, Lt. Jack H. Taylor spoke about his capture, imprisonment and the conditions at Mauthausen. Faramus also mentions Pierre Serge Choumoff, a mathematician and engineer, imprisoned in Romainville and Mauthausen who later investigated the Mauthausen-Gusen complex.
Post-War.
For over a year after the war Faramus lived in Paris as he searched for some of the women and men that he had known whilst imprisoned in Fort de Romainville. During this period he lost a lung following surgery for tuberculosis which he contracted during his imprisonment in Mauthausen. He returned to Britain and after a series of jobs in hotels and bars Faramus was able to find work as an extra in various films produced at Pinewood Studios.
Anthony Faramus emigrated to the USA with his wife Mary where they both had careers in the film industry. Faramus worked as an actor and played the roles of a British officer in The Colditz Story and a prisoner of war in King Rat. He also worked as Clark Gable’s butler and chauffeur. After living in California he and Mary moved back to Britain living in London and later in Farnham, Surrey.
In the 1970s he joined the Hunt Saboteurs Association an organisation whose aim is to disrupt blood sports using direct action tactics. In the late 1980s Faramus was arrested during a fracas at a hunt in Hampshire. He refused to be bound over to keep the peace and was sent to prison for a month. 
Over a hundred people, including actors, hunt saboteurs and concentration camp survivors attended his funeral at St. Andrew's Parish Church in Farnham in 1990. Dave Wetton, one of the founders of the hunt Saboteurs Association in the 1960s read a funeral address. The huge variety of mourners, with large varieties of anti establishment youth, theatrical "luvvies" and elderly concentration camp veterans drew the attention of one Farnham resident - who could be heard to say: "There must be someone famous being buried."

</doc>
<doc id="21505980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505980" title="Henry Bredemers">
Henry Bredemers

Henry ("Henri", "Hendrik") Bredemers ("Bredeniers") (c. 1472 – May 20, 1522) was a South Netherlandish organist and music teacher. No compositions by him survive, and his historical importance lies chiefly in his activities as a teacher.
The first recorded reference to Bredemers is in a 1488 document which lists him as one of the singers of Cathedral of Our Lady ("Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekathedraal"), Antwerp. In 1491–1492 he served as organist of Saint James' Church ("Sint-Jacobskerk") of the same city, and in 1493 he occupied a similar position at the Confraternity of Our Lady at Our Lady's church. Bredemers must have attained a considerable reputation in the following years: by 1501 he was distinguished enough to enter the chapel of Philip the Handsome as organist.
The chapel, known then as "Grande chapelle", was the main musical establishment of the Burgundian-Habsburg court, and one of the most important court chapels of the Renaissance: it had a long and illustrious history associated with composers of the Burgundian School, particularly Guillaume Dufay. And at the time Bredemers joined it, members of the chapel included important composers such as Pierre de la Rue and Alexander Agricola. He was charged with performance duties as well as organisation of the chapel. Bredemers and other musicians of the chapel travelled with the court on multiple occasions: there were two voyages to Spain (in 1501–1503 and 1505–1506) and one to Heidelberg (in 1503). On the latter occasion Bredemers must have met Arnolt Schlick, court organist to the Electoral Palatinate.
When Philip died in 1506 at Burgos, Spain, it was Bredemers who arranged for the transport of the chapel's liturgical and music books to Antwerp. Philip's eldest son, Charles, was too young to succeed his father, and so Margaret of Austria was appointed regent. At her court in Mechelen, Bredemers was chosen in 1507 as music teacher of Philip's children (Charles and his sisters Eleanor, Mary and Isabella) and organist of Charles' domestic chapel. He was also to instruct court entertainers and choirboys, as well as purchase and maintain instruments. Bredemers taught Charles and his sisters clavichord daily, as well as other instruments. 
Bredemers' influence was spread far by Philip's children. Isabella's lessons came to an end in 1514 when she married Christian II of Denmark, and Eleanor left in 1518, after marrying Manuel I of Portugal (and after Manuel died, she married Francis I). Before leaving, both sisters asked Bredemers to buy them clavichords to take with them; Eleanor was known as a particularly fine performer. Bredemers retired to Lier in 1518, but continued assisting at Margaret's private chapel, and accompanied Charles during his visit to England in 1520–21. He probably attended Charles' coronation in 1520. In May 1521 Bredemers was made provost at St Aubin's Cathedral, Namur. However, he resigned this position after only a year, in April 1522. He died the following month.
No compositions by Bredemers are known, although two were mentioned by Fétis in his "Biographie universelle " in the second half of the 19th century. Bredemers' importance lies in the influence he must have exerted over European keyboard music during his voyages to Spain, England and Germany, as well as through his pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="21505984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21505984" title="Bob McDonald (footballer)">
Bob McDonald (footballer)

Bob McDonald (25 February 1895 – 1971) was a professional footballer who played for Inverness Caledonian, Tottenham Hotspur and Clapton Orient.
Football career.
McDonald joined the Spurs from Inverness Caledonian in 1919. Playing as a full back he made a total of 125 appearances in all competitions in his time at White Hart Lane. The highlight of his Tottenham career was to be a member of the winning 1921 FA Cup Final team. He moved to Clapton Orient in 1927 and went on to play a further 37 matches.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur

</doc>
<doc id="21506010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506010" title="Fred Smith (rugby league born 1935)">
Fred Smith (rugby league born 1935)

Fred Smith (birth registered April→June 1935 — 24 April 2004 (aged 69)) birth registered in Gorton, was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at representative level for Yorkshire (despite being born in Lancashire), and at club level for Leeds, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5, he died in Wakefield.
Playing career.
International honours.
Fred Smith was a non-playing substitute for Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity.
County honours.
Fred Smith represented Yorkshire (despite being born in Lancashire) while at Wakefield Trinity.
Rugby Football League Championship appearances.
Fred Smith played Right-, i.e. number 2, and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the 1959–60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Fred Smith played Right-, i.e. number 2, and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 38-5 victory over Hull in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 14 May 1960, and played in the 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 12 May 1962.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Fred Smith played and scored 2-tries in Wakefield Trinity's 25-3 victory over Hunslet in the 1956–57 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 20 October 1956, and played Right-, i.e. number 2, and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 16-10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960.
Transfer From Leeds To Wakefield Trinity.
Fred Smith was transferred from Leeds to Wakefield Trinity in January 1956, with Don Robinson going the other way. In addition, Wakefield Trinity also received £3,000 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £153,500 in 2012).
Career Records.
Fred Smith's record for the most tries for Wakefield Trinity in a match set against Keighley in 1959 with 7-tries has since been equalled by Keith Slater in 1971, and the record for the most tries for Wakefield Trinity in a season set during the 1959-60 season with 38-tries has since been equalled by David Smith in the 1973-74 season, but over fifty years on, both of Fred Smith's records remain unbeaten.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""Fred Smith: When Don Robinson moved to Leeds in January 1956, Fred Smith came to Belle Vue as part of the transfer agreement. In his first full season of 1956/7 he scored 30 tries – only one other player had ever scored more for the Club. In 1958/9 he extended Denis Boocker's and Neil Fox's joint record to 37 and in 1959/60 took his seasons total to 38. Also holds the record of tries in a match – seven against Keighley in 1958/9"".

</doc>
<doc id="21506028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506028" title="Italian general election, 2008 (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol)">
Italian general election, 2008 (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol)

The Italian general election of 2008 took place on 13–14 April 2008.
In Trentino the centre-right came first thanks to the strong showing of Lega Nord, while in South Tyrol the South Tyrolean People's Party was confirmed as the largest party, but lost many votes to its right-wing competitors, Die Freiheitlichen and Union for South Tyrol.
Results.
Chamber of Deputies.
<onlyinclude>====Trentino====
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Coalition leaders
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Parties
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Silvio Berlusconi
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Walter Veltroni
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Pier Ferdinando Casini
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Siegfried Brugger
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Fausto Bertinotti
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Daniela Santanchè
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Others
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total coalitions
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|316,921
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|316,921
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
Source: Ministry of the Interior
South Tyrol.
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Coalition leaders
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Parties
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Siegfried Brugger
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Walter Veltroni
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Silvio Berlusconi
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Pius Leitner
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Andreas Pöder
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Fausto Bertinotti
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Pier Ferdinando Casini
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Daniela Santanchè
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Others
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total coalitions
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|299,300
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|299,300
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
Source: Ministry of the Interior</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21506032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506032" title="Adaptive architecture">
Adaptive architecture

Adaptive architecture is a system which changes its structure, behaviour or resources according to demand. The adaptation made is usually [always?] to non-functional characteristics rather than functional ones. 
Something of a misnomer, because the thing that adapts is the working system, rather than the (more abstract) architecture which defines the adaptability that is required of that system.
Adaptive software architecture: Used by programmers in relation to a program. An adaptive algorithm "is an algorithm which changes its behavior based on the resources available. For example… in the C++ Standard Library, the stable partition acquires as much memory as it can get (up to what it would need at most) and applies the algorithm using that available memory."
Adaptive infrastructure architecture: Used by infrastructure engineers in relation to the configuration of processors. The computing resources used by applications (the partition size, or the number of servers in a cluster, or the share of a processor, or the number of processes) are configured so that they shrink or grow with demand.
Adaptive business architecture: Could also be used (for example) in connection with a workflow system that assigns human resources to a task or service to match the demand for that task or service. Or an organisation structure that flexes in response to business changes.

</doc>
<doc id="21506034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506034" title="Hello Kaun? Pehchaan Kaun">
Hello Kaun? Pehchaan Kaun

Hello Kaun? Pehchaan Kaun (English: Hello, who is it? You guess!) is a mimic show where the contestants mimic a famous celebrity. The show airs on STAR One every Saturday 9pm from December 27, 2008. The show is basically a mimicry contest. Every week eight artists are called upon to mimic well-known personalities (Johny Lever, Lal Krishna Advani, Manoj Kumar, Salman Khan etc.) and three best mimicry artists are chosen every week.
Overview.
The show is hosted by well-known mimicry artist Navin Prabhakar, who first shot to fame from his celebrated appearances in the show "The Great Indian Laughter Challenge" (Season one). Interestingly Navin Prabhakar himself mimics different celebrities in different episodes. He has mimicked well-known actor Jeetendra, Pran, Johnny Walker, Kamal Hasan, Sunil Dutt and several others in different episodes. His own performance is arguably one of the best mimicries in the entire show. The show is innovative in the sense that never before a mimicry contest has been staged on Indian TV.
The show is judged by Chunky Pandey and Suresh Menon.
The name of the show is a take on the catchphrase "Pehchan Kaun" (translation: Guess Who?) first popularized by Navin Prabhakar in his appearances in The Great Indian Laughter Challenge. After the several dialogues of Sholay entered into the psyche and mannerisms of Indians, this is perhaps the first catchphrase to so enter the Indian psyche.
Being the pioneers in original comedy concepts, STAR One has come back with a new show Hello Kaun? Pehchaan Kaun. This show is the hunt for India’s best mimic. It's the hunt for that mimic who can walk the walk and talk the talk of a celebrity.

</doc>
<doc id="21506040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506040" title="List of moths of Great Britain (Geometridae)">
List of moths of Great Britain (Geometridae)

The Family Geometridae is represented by over 300 species in Great Britain.
Subfamily Larentiinae.
Species listed in the 2007 UK Biodiversity Action Plan (BAP) are indicated by a double-dagger symbol (‡)—species so listed for research purposes only are also indicated with an asterisk (‡*).

</doc>
<doc id="21506041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506041" title="Voldemārs Reinholds">
Voldemārs Reinholds

Andrejs Voldemārs Reinholds (23 June 1903 – 4 July 1986) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Waffen-Obersturmbannführer Voldemārs Reinholds was the commander of the 43rd Waffen Grenadier Regiment, 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian) when he was awarded the Knight's Cross in May 1945. He survived the war and died on 4 July 1986.
Biography.
Andrejs Voldemārs Reinholds was born in small Latvian town- Bauska on 23 June 1903. After graduation, he was drafted in Latvian army where he served in 2nd Ventspils infantry regiment. After his compulsory service, he stayed in the military. In 1925, he was moved to 9th Rēzekne infantry regiment where he served until 1939. In 1926, he graduated Military academy and was promoted to lieutenant. In 1929, he was promoted to the rank of First lieutenant. In 1937, Reinholds completed course of physical education of the Army. After the Latvian occupation in 1940, he remained in his service in the now Soviet Red Army, but was demobilised soon before Operation Barbarossa started.
In the autumn of 1941, Reinholds was among first Latvian volunteers who enlisted in German army. He was company commander in 16th Zemgale Police battalion. Battalion was involved in anti-partisan duties in the Leningrad Front (near the Lake Ilmen and Staraya Russa). At the end of 1942, Reinholds was promoted to Waffen Hauptsturmfuhrer (Captain).
When the Latvian Legion was formed in the 1943, 16th Zemgale Police battalion was incorporated in newly formed 2nd Latvian brigade. Since 1944, Voldemars Reinholds was commander of a battalion in the rank of Waffen-Sturmbannführer. In autumn 1944, he was awarded with German Cross in Gold. In spring 1945, when fighting in Courland Pocket, he was given command of 43rd Waffen Grenadier Regiment der SS. In May 1945, he was awarded with Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, although he never physically received it.
After the German capitulation, Reinholds did not surrender. With some comrades, he went to forest and they planned to unnoticed go to the Allied occupation zones in Germany. However, they were caught and arrested by the Soviets soon after. They were intended to be shot but Reinholds managed to escape and for some time he illegally lived in Tukums and later in his native homestead in Kurmene parish.
Later, he traveled to Riga where he worked as electrician under alias "Andrejs Ostrovskis". There, he met many other former legioneres and one of them handed over his true identity to NKVD.
In 1948, he was tried and sentenced to 25 years in Vorkuta prison camps. Reinholds was released in 1958 and returned to Riga. There, he continued to work as electrician until 1977. Although he was observed by KGB, he managed to contact his former comrades.
Voldemārs Reinholds died in Madliena hospital on 4 July 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21506046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506046" title="Doddridge, Arkansas">
Doddridge, Arkansas

Doddridge is an unincorporated community in southern Miller County, Arkansas, United States, approximately five miles north of the Louisiana border. Doddridge is located at the junction of Arkansas Highway 160 and U.S. Route 71, and the southern terminus of Highway 549 (at U.S. 71), as well as the confluence of the Sulphur and Red Rivers. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 71834.
The community is part of the Texarkana, TX–Texarakana, AR Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21506058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506058" title="Hector Cameron">
Hector Cameron

Hector Cameron (June 3, 1832 – November 2, 1896) was a lawyer and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Victoria North in the Canadian House of Commons from 1875 to 1887 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Montreal, the son of Kenneth Cameron and Christian Selby. Cameron was the nephew of John Cameron who had served in the assembly for the Province of Canada. He was educated at King's College London, Trinity College, Dublin and the University of Toronto. Cameron was called to the bar in 1854. In 1860, he married Clara Boswell. In 1872, he was named Queen's Counsel. He practised law in Toronto. Cameron was an unsuccessful candidate for the House of Commons in 1867, 1872, 1874 and a subsequent by-election held in 1874. The election of James Maclennan in 1874 was overturned and Cameron was declared elected in 1875. He was elected again in 1878 and 1882 but defeated by John Augustus Barron when he ran for reelection in 1887. Cameron was a director of the Huron and Quebec Railway. He died in Cobourg at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="21506064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506064" title="Zantiébougou">
Zantiébougou

Zantiébougou is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 21,666.

</doc>
<doc id="21506072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506072" title="List of churches in Sweden">
List of churches in Sweden

"This is an alphabetical list of churches in Sweden".
__NOTOC__ 
A B C D E F G H 
I J K L M N O P 
Q R S T U V W X 
Y Z Å Ä Ö

</doc>
<doc id="21506075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506075" title="Paulo Garcés">
Paulo Garcés

Paulo Andrés Garcés Contreras (born 2 August 1984) is a Chilean footballer who plays in Colo-Colo as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Garcés made his debut in 2003 against Santiago Wanderers in the closing championship at San Carlos de Apoquindo Stadium. He was loaned out to Deportes Puerto Montt in 2004 and 2007
After returning from the loan Deportes Puerto Montt, Universidad Católica loaned him to Lobos de la BUAP of Primera "A" of Mexican soccer. After his experience in Mexico, he returns to Chile to play in Everton de Viña del Mar team in which he was on the starting eleven sometimes. In 2009, he returns to Universidad Católica willing to win a place on the starting eleven of coach Marco Antonio Figueroa.
In 2013, he won the Apertura 2013-14 with O'Higgins. In the tournament, he played 16 matches receiving 12 goals; including the final versus Universidad Católica, where he was a key player after made saves in the final minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21506091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506091" title="Harry Hess Reichard">
Harry Hess Reichard

Harry Hess Reichard (1878–August 26, 1956) was a Pennsylvania German writer and scholar.
Reichard was born in Lower Saucon Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania in the United States. In 1901, he graduated from Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. In 1911, he received his Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University.
From 1924 to 1948, Reichard was a professor of German at Muhlenberg College in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He also portrayed the character of "Der Assabe Mumbauer" on the popular Pennsylvania German dialect radio program, "Assabe and Sabina" from 1944 to 1955.
For his work, Reichard was awarded a citation by the Pennsylvania German Society in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="21506093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506093" title="Milan Kosanović">
Milan Kosanović

Milan "Milo" Kosanović is a Yugoslav professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s playing at representative level for English League XIII, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Bradford Northern, Wakefield Trinity, and Featherstone Rovers, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums. Milan Kosanović arrived in the United Kingdom from Yugoslavia as a displaced person, and initially played rugby league in the Halifax junior league. 
Playing career.
International honours.
Milan Kosanović played for English League XIII while at Bradford Northern in the 8-26 defeat by France on Saturday 22 November 1958 at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, and was a reserve for Great Britain. 
County honours.
Milan Kosanović was selected for Yorkshire County XIII whilst at Bradford Northern during 1959.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Milan Kosanović played in Wakefield Trinity's 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1963.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""M. Kosanović - Signed from Bradford N. during last close season and has been a regular member of the side this campaign. Recently out of action through injury. Represented Yorkshire in 1959. Yugoslav-born but has played all his football in Yorkshire. Age 29."" 
Milan Kosanovic Cup.
The Milan Kosanovic Cup is an international rugby league football competition that is named after Milan Kosanović, it is contested by Russia, Ukraine, and Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21506096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506096" title="1,2-Cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester">
1,2-Cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester

1,2-Cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester is a plasticizer for the manufacture of flexible plastic articles in sensitive application areas such as toys, medical devices and food packaging. From a chemical point of view it belongs to the group of aliphatic esters.
In 2002 BASF started selling 1,2-cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester under the tradename of "Hexamoll DINCH" as an alternative for phthalate plasticizers. According to BASF, Hexamoll DINCH is the "most widely used phthalate substitute in the world".
Production.
The two commercial routes to manufacture 1,2-cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester are the catalytic hydrogenation of diisononyl phthalate and the Diels-Alder reaction of a maleic acid ester with 1,3-butadiene followed by hydrogenation. In the case of the catalytic hydrogenation the aromatic part of the diisononyl phthalate is transformed to a cyclohexane ring by a formal addition of 6 hydrogen atoms while the alkyl and ester groups are not affected by the hydrogenation.
Regulatory approval.
Food contact.
In the European Union the European Food Safety Authority has approved 1,2-cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester for a wide variety of food contact applications in October 2006. In 2007 1,2-cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester has been added to Annex III of the "Directive 2002/72/EC relating to plastic materials and articles intended to come into contact with food". The EU Directive 2002/72 has meanwhile been superseded by Regulation (EU) No. 10/2011. Hexamoll DINCH had been included by its chemical name in “Recommendations” I.
Toys.
A US federal law was passed in 2008 banning the use of some phthalates in children's toys. When the law took effect in February 2009, Mattel and Learning Curve confirmed to NPR they were substituting phthalates with Hexamoll DINCH and citrate-based plasticizers.
In the European Union 1,2-cyclohexane dicarboxylic acid diisononyl ester is not listed in directive 2005/84/EC which bans the use of certain phthalates in toys and childcare articles and thus can be used safely in toy and childcare articles.

</doc>
<doc id="21506105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506105" title="Víðir">
Víðir

Víðir is an Icelandic sports club from Gardur on the Reykjanes peninsula of Iceland.
Their football team are playing the 2012 season in the fourth division. They last played in Iceland's top tier in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21506120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506120" title="Sujagi">
Sujagi

The Sujagi is a flag with a Hanja, pronounced "su" in Korean, that denotes a commanding general. The whole term literally means, "Commanding general flag". Only one "sujagi" is known to exist in Korea. The color is a faded yellowish-brown background with a black character in its center. It is made of hemp cloth and measures approximately 4.15m x 4.35m.
History.
This type of flag was put in a fortress where a commanding general was located. In the case of the extant "sujagi" in Korea, it represented General Eo Jae-yeon who, in 1871, commanded the Korean military forces on Ganghwa Island, which is off the northwest coast of present-day South Korea, nearby the capital of Seoul. It was captured by the United States Asiatic Squadron in June of that year during the United States' expedition to Korea. As with other war prizes, it was put into the collection of the museum at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
In October 2007, after many years of petitioning the United States government, the flag was returned to Korea on a long-term, ten-year loan. It is currently housed at the National Palace Museum of Korea in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="21506144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506144" title="Anupong Polasak">
Anupong Polasak

Anupong Polasak born 20 May 1973 is a Thailand national beach soccer team player.

</doc>
<doc id="21506147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506147" title="Alfonso Parot">
Alfonso Parot

Alfonso Cristián Parot Rojas (born 15 October 1989), is a Chilean footballer who plays as a Centre Back for Universidad Católica in Chile's Primera División.
Parot was also used recurrently by Marcelo Bielsa as "sparring" for the senior national team.

</doc>
<doc id="21506150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506150" title="Henry Cheng">
Henry Cheng

Dr. Henry Cheng Kar-shun (Traditional Chinese: 鄭家純, Simplified Chinese:郑家纯 ); born 1946, Hong Kong), GBS, is a Hong Kong entrepreneur and billionaire.
Cheng is the elder son of Cheng Yu-tung, the founder of New World Development, and is the chairman of New World Development as well as chairman of NWS Holdings, New World China Land, New World Department Store China and Taifook Securities. He is also a Standing Committee Member of the Eleventh Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. 
In the 2012 Chief Executive election, Chan initially supported Henry Tang but switched to support the eventual winner, Leung Chun-ying. When Leung's second Secretary for Development, Paul Chan, became embroiled in a property and credibility scandal (as had the first, Mak Chai-kwong), Cheng was the first - and to date is the only - public figure to offer support.

</doc>
<doc id="21506151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506151" title="Malcolm Sampson">
Malcolm Sampson

Malcolm "Mal" Sampson (12 March 1940 – 10 October 2012 (aged 72)) was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, '60s and '70s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity (twice), Hull, and Bramley, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Mal Sampson played Right-, i.e. number 10, and scored the first try in Wakefield Trinity's 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1963.
Club career.
Mal Sampson signed for Wakefield Trinity Juniors (under 17s) in 1956, and made his Wakefield Trinity début in the 31-6 victory over Huddersfield at Belle View, Wakefield in November 1959, his third game came in the 20-10 victory over the 1959 Australian Kangaroo Tourists at Belle View, Wakefield. He had played 24 successive matches up to April 1960 when he was involved in a car crash in which he suffered a badly broken arm, he consequently missed the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final and the possibility to play for Great Britain in the 1960 Rugby League World Cup (Great Britain's World Cup s were; Brian McTigue (Wigan) and colleague Jack Wilkinson (Wakefield Trinity), complications to the broken arm meant he eventually made his comeback some 2½ years later, in November 1962 against Widnes at Naughton Park, Widnes, he finished the 1962–63 season with a try in the Challenge Cup final, and is still the only Wakefield Trinity Forward to score a try at Wembley, he became Wakefield Trinity's first ever league substitute against Halifax, at Thrum Hall, Halifax in September 1964, he had a four game loan period at Hull in the 1965–66 season, his final Wakefield Trinity match was against York at Belle View, Wakefield in November 1966, after which he signed for Bramley.
Genealogical information.
Mal Sampson was the brother of the rugby league footballer and coach David Sampson, and uncle of the sprinter Denise Ramsden, rugby league footballer Dean Sampson, and rugby union and rugby league footballer Paul Sampson.

</doc>
<doc id="21506161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506161" title="Agility Trains">
Agility Trains

Agility Trains is consortium of Hitachi, and John Laing, which has been awarded a contract to design, manufacture, and maintain a fleet of long-distance trains to replace Britain's InterCity 125 fleet as part of the Department for Transport's Intercity Express Programme.
The Hitachi Super Express is designed to provide more seats and reduced journey times whilst being more environmentally friendly. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506168" title="Gary Finlay">
Gary Finlay

Gary Finlay is a British subject, born about 1962. He was arrested on 25 February 2009 [http://www.liverpooldailypost.co.uk/liverpool-news/regional-news/2009/02/25/graham-mckenna-murder-suspect-arrested-by-police-100252-23008171/] by British Police as a suspect in the murder of Graham McKenna in Wirral, United Kingdom on 10 January 2009.
Murder of Graham McKenna.
Gary was related to the victim. Gary's ex-wife is a sister of Graham McKenna's widow. Gary is also suspected of stabbing Graham's son, Michael McKenna, age 14, a pupil at Ridgeway school in Prenton. Both victims were attacked shortly after leaving their home to go to watch a football match at Goodison Park, the home of Everton Football club. Father & son were season ticket holders.
Graham McKenna was a former soldier, having served 22 years with the 22nd (Cheshire) Regiment. He was still involved with the military, holding the rank of Corporal. He had taught Territorial Army recruits at 42 Brigade’s Regional Training Centre at Altcar, Formby, on the morning of his death.
Mr McKenna and his son were walking towards a bus stop on Upton Road, Claughton, when finlay ambushed them. They were repeatedly shanked in the abdomen but managed to stagger to nearby Speedwell Road. Both were taken to Arrowe Park hospital where Mr McKenna died. Despite multiple stab wounds Michael survived. Police have not yet released details of the conversation which took place during the incident, but there seems to be little doubt as to the identity of the attacker.
Manhunt.
Finlay is one of ten children. His older brother, Paul, has appealed for Gary to give himself up to police.
Finlay has been described as a white, 5 ft 8in tall, stocky build, with blue eyes. He is balding and was last seen wearing a black and dark grey padded jacket. He has links to the Prenton area and also to the South West of England.
Members of the public have been advised that they should not approach him, as he is considered to be dangerous, and that if anyone does see him they should report the sighting to their nearest police station.
The hunt for Finlay received massive publicity on Thursday 12 February 2009, after an emotional and moving appeal for information made by McKenna's widow was repeatedly broadcast on BBC Radio 5.
Gary Finlay appeared on UK's "most wanted list" and on UK TV news.
The story was featured in the UK National newspapers and was also carried by international news agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="21506182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506182" title="Harry Perry">
Harry Perry

Harry Perry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21506190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506190" title="AudioCodes">
AudioCodes

AudioCodes Ltd. designs, develops and sells advanced Voice over IP (VoIP) and converged VoIP and Data networking products and applications to service providers and enterprises. AudioCodes is a VoIP technology market leader focused on converged VoIP & data communications and its products are deployed globally in broadband, mobile, cable, and enterprise networks.
Company history.
Shabtai Adlersberg co-founded AudioCodes in 1993 having previously co-founded DSP Group, a semiconductor company, in 1987. The company was established based on its low-bit-rate speech compression technology. AudioCodes first achievement was when the company’s speech compression algorithm was selected by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) as a basis for the ITU-T G.723.1 standard.
By 1996 and 1997, AudioCodes has been recognized for its high quality voice over packet chips. Continuing up the “food chain” AudioCodes began building PCI VoIP communication blades. AudioCodes shifted their focus to CompactPCI boards, achieving a transition to a higher capacity enabling the gateway market to take off.
In 1999, AudioCodes was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange () and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. In 2001 AudioCodes released their first media gateway independent platform, based on existing blade and chip technology. The first product was an analog media gateway followed by a family of media gateways combining analog and digital interfaces. This was followed by the high density media gateways and media servers and more currently they have entered the market for multi-service business gateways and IP phones.
AudioCodes' international headquarters and R&D facilities are located in Lod, Israel, with branch offices in Chicago, San Jose, Research Triangle Park, Somerset, Boston, Miami, Beijing, Singapore, New Delhi, Seoul, Sydney, Mexico City, Buenos Aires, São Paulo, London, Paris, Moscow, Kiev, Rome and Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="21506209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506209" title="Sievert (name)">
Sievert (name)

Sievert is a low German given name or a surname.
Origin and meaning.
The name "Sievert" is the low German version of the name Siegward. Both names descend from the old high German terms "sigu" (victory) and "wart" (guardian). 

</doc>
<doc id="21506216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506216" title="Keith Holliday">
Keith Holliday

Keith Holliday is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, and coach of the 1960s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Eastmoor ARLFC[http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/eastmoordragonsarlfc], Wakefield Trinity, and Bramley, as a , , or , i.e. number 3 or 4, 6, or 7, and coaching at club level for Bramley. Keith Holliday was a pupil at Cathedral School.
Playing career.
International honours.
Keith Holliday represented Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity in the 18-10 victory over France (non-Test match) at Odsal Stadium, Bradford in 1956.
Along with William "Billy" Banks, Edward "Ted" Cahill, Gordon Haynes, William "Billy" Ivison, Robert "Bob" Kelly, John McKeown, George Parsons, and Edward "Ted" Slevin, Keith Holliday's only Great Britain appearance came against France prior to 1957, these matches were not considered as Test matches by the Rugby Football League, and consequently caps were not awarded.
County Honours.
Keith Holliday was selected for Yorkshire County XIII while at Wakefield Trinity during the 1956/57 season.
Rugby Football League Championship appearances.
Keith Holliday played in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the 1959–60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Keith Holliday played and scored two tries in Wakefield Trinity's 38-5 victory over Hull in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 14 May 1960, and played in the 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 12 May 1962, and the 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1963.
Testimonial match.
Keith Holliday's Testimonial match at Wakefield Trinity took place against Huddersfield in 1962.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""Wakefield Trinity have a proud record in grooming local talent, and there is an illustrious line of players who have come, over the years, via Trinity's own Junior teams from Wakefield City Schools' football. Keith Holliday is one of them. His career started at the Cathedral School, then on to Eastmoor Juniors and Trinity's own "Nursery" before signing for the Club in 1952. Gained Yorkshire county honours and a Great Britain place against France at off-half, and had experience also at centre for his Club before changing to the scrum-half berth. Captain of Trinity in their Yorkshire League success of 1958-9"".

</doc>
<doc id="21506232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506232" title="Jean-Pierre Montagny">
Jean-Pierre Montagny

Jean-Pierre Montagny (31 July 1789 – 1862) was a French medallist and coiner, one of the most notable such figures in the 19th century Monnaie de Paris. 
He was born at Saint-Étienne and studied under his father Clément Montagny and under Cartellier. He produced several coins and medals in bronze, copper and tin on the main events in French history from 1800 to 1850, such as the inuguration of the July Column in 1840, with his most intense production being designs relating to the 1848 Revolution. He died in Belleville.

</doc>
<doc id="21506238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506238" title="Johore battery">
Johore battery

The Johore Battery was a set of three large naval guns installed in Changi, Singapore, by the British in the second half of the 1930s, to defend the approaches to the Naval Base at Sembawang.
History.
Five 15–inch guns were installed in Singapore-three in Changi and two in Buona Vista. The three guns in Changi formed the Johore Battery. It was called the Johore Battery because the sultan of Johore gave King George V £500,000 for his Silver Jubilee in 1935. The British used £400,000 of the gift to install to guns in Changi, which in 1942 was used to shell Johor Bahru.
Built by the British in 1939 for the defence of Singapore, the Johore Battery is a gun emplacement site consisting of a labyrinth of tunnels. The tunnels were used to store ammunition to support three large guns that could fire 15-inch shells. 
The guns were the largest installed outside Britain during World War II. They were destroyed before the surrender of the British army and the tunnels were sealed up after the war. The location remained a secret until the Singapore Prisons Department rediscovered them in April 1991.
Today, replicas of the large gun and 15-inch shell sit at the Johore Battery.

</doc>
<doc id="21506239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506239" title="Nick Theslof">
Nick Theslof

Nick Theslof (born on December 12, 1975) is an American soccer manager and coach, who was midfield coach and international scout to Jürgen Klinsmann at FC Bayern Munich. He is currently an assistant coach for Major League Soccer's Chivas USA.
He was one of the first and youngest American soccer players to have played in continental Europe, joining PSV Eindhoven's youth side in 1991 and playing there for two years. Coming from a sporting family, his grandparents were leading Swedish figure skater Vivi-Anne Hultén and Finnish figure skater Gene Theslof.
Biography.
Playing career.
Having grown up in a family of renowned skaters, with both his grandparents and parents being skaters, Theslof was exposed to sports being a viable career option from a very early age. While his younger brother Tyler initially chose to become an ice hockey goaltender (though he later changed to being a soccer midfielder himself, playing for UC Irvine), Nick was interested in soccer and began playing for the youth indoor soccer club, the Cleveland Crunch. In 1991, his coach at the club, former English striker Ron Wigg, advised then PSV Eindhoven head of youth development Huub Stevens to have a look at Theslof, during a match for which PSV's reserve team had come to Cleveland. Stevens, impressed with Theslof's potential, offered him a youth contract at PSV, which Theslof accepted and moved from his home in Columbus to Eindhoven, the Netherlands. He subsequently played for PSV for the next two years, before his career abruptly ended due to an Achilles injury. He later moved back to the United States and attended UCLA, where he later played for their soccer team, where his performances were lauded. On February 1, 1998, the Columbus Crew selected Theslof in the 1998 MLS College Draft, but he was released during the 1998 season without playing a first team game. He moved to the Orange County Waves for the 2000 USL A-League season. In 2005 and 2006, Thesloff inserted himself into several Blue Star games.
Coaching career.
Theslof began his coaching career as Dr. Jay Martin's assistant at Ohio Wesleyan University between 1998 and 2000, winning the NCAA Division III national title in 1998. Following his stay at Ohio Wesleyan, Theslof became head coach of the Orange County Blue Star, a team of the American Premier Development League and spent time with Juergen Klinsmann who enjoyed Amateur Soccer in Southern California. During that time he also coached future American national team players Sacha Kljestan and Sal Zizzo. In 2004, Theslof coached his old club PSV's youth squad in the Netherlands. After Klinsmann became manager of the German national team, he appointed Theslof as coach and scout in 2006 during the 2006 FIFA World Cup, where he wrote detailed match summaries and reports for Klinsmann. In February 2008, after he was appointed manager of FC Bayern Munich, Klinsmann appointed Theslof as a second assistant coach and scout. On 27 April 2009 Klinsmann and his two assistant coaches were released early, even though they had won five of the previous seven league games and were only three points behind league leader VfL Wolfsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21506256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506256" title="Sompong Phungphook">
Sompong Phungphook

Sompong Phungphook (born 29 October 1970) is a Thailand national beach soccer team player.
He competed for Thailand at the 2000 and 2004 FIFA Futsal World Cup finals.

</doc>
<doc id="21506259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506259" title="Gerry Round">
Gerry Round

Gerald "Gerry" V. Round (birth registered April→June 1939 — 1 February 1969 (aged 29)) born in Hebden Bridge, Yorkshire, was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and at club level for Hebden Bridge ARLFC, Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 1, his death was registered in Spen Valley.
Playing career.
International honours.
Gerry Round won caps for Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity in 1959 against Australia, and in 1962 against France (2 matches), Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches).
Gerry Round achieved the distinction of being Great Britain's full back (v Australia, December, 1959) after only 29 senior games of rugby league football.
Rugby Football League Championship appearances.
Gerry Round played , in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the 1959–60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Gerry Round played , in Wakefield Trinity's 38-5 victory over Hull in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 14 May 1960, the 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 12 May 1962, and the 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1963.
Outside of rugby league.
Gerry Round began a 3-year civil engineering course at University of Leeds in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="21506266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506266" title="Johannes Mononen">
Johannes Mononen

Johannes Mononen (born 4 May 1991) is a Finnish footballer, who currently represents AC Oulu of Ykkönen, the second highest level of football in Finland. He is also part of Finland national under-18 football team. He is a defender and usually plays the position of central defender.
Mononen's youth team was JIPPO from Joensuu, for which he also played 13 matches in Ykkönen, the second highest level of football in Finland, in 2008. After that he made a contract with Tampere United of the premier league. He has been on trial with Italian teams Inter Milan and Chievo Verona.

</doc>
<doc id="21506269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506269" title="Amabie">
Amabie

Amabie (アマビエ) is a legendary Japanese mermaid who, it is said, came from the sea and prophesied either an abundant harvest or an epidemic. There are similar mermaids related to her; , (, , , , , and others.
The legend.
Legend says that Amabie appeared in "Higo-no-kuni" (Kumamoto Prefecture) in Edo era at midday on April 3, "Koka" 1846. Every day a shining object appeared just beneath the surface of the sea until the "Oyakunin" (administrator) of the town went to the coast to see for himself, making the "Amabie" rise from where until then only light had been seen. From her waist down her body was that of a fish but scales covered all her skin, they were not limited by her waist, her lips protruded like a dome-crowned cylinder. Addressing the "Oyakunin" the "Aamabie" identified herself as Amabie and told him that she lives in the open sea, then she made a prophecy; "Good harvest will continue for six years, if disease spreads show a picture of me to those that are ill and they will be cured." She immediately went back into the sea after that.
The story appeared in the "Kawara-ban" (a collection of engraved tiles), and her image was shown in it and was known throughout Japan.
Other specters.
The last two did not appear from the sea, but their form was the same.

</doc>
<doc id="21506284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506284" title="Richard Milner">
Richard Milner

Richard Milner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21506294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506294" title="Richard Milner (historian)">
Richard Milner (historian)

Richard Milner is an American historian of science and a singer who stars in the musical "Charles Darwin: Live & in Concert".

</doc>
<doc id="21506309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506309" title="Charles Benvignat">
Charles Benvignat

Charles Benvignat (24 December 1805, Boulogne-sur-Mer, Pas-de-Calais – July 1877, Lille) was a French architect, especially active in Lille, then undergoing major urban expansion.
Life.
He moved to Lille as a young man, being a brilliant student in the architecture class at the Ecoles académiques. His successes got him sent to the Beaux-Arts in Paris, where he perfected his skills as a painter as well as an architect. Returning to Lille, he was entrusted with several private projects and church restorations. In 1833 he was made the Ecoles académiques's professor of architecture and held the post for 30 years. From 1842 he was responsible for several major public works:
He died without issue in 1877 and his tomb was paid for by the town council of Lille

</doc>
<doc id="21506320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506320" title="Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs">
Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs

The Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs (GIPA) was founded by D. V. Gundappa on 15 August 1948. He was inspired by Gopal Krishna Gokhale's idea of public spirituality and established this institute to further public spiritual health. It is in Basavanagudi, Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
Today it is famous for arranging talks on various aspects of public life and spirituality by noted philosophers such as Belagere Krishna Shastry, Shatavadhani R.Ganesh, Bannanje Govindacharya, Narayanacharya,Gururaj Karajagi,Ganesh Bhat Hobli,Jayatheerthacharya Malagi,Natesh and others. The institute also provides a large library for those interested in referential studies. It also offers the different talks done in its premises as CDs for sale. It is also associated with people such as Nittoor Srinivasa Rau.

</doc>
<doc id="21506324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506324" title="Yinindougou">
Yinindougou

Yinindougou is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 4,104. 
The commune consists of 11 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="21506338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506338" title="Hinnerk">
Hinnerk

Hinnerk is a Low German given name for boys and also a German gay magazine "Hinnerk" from Hamburg with a print run of about 25,000. 
Origin and meaning.
The name Hinnerk is the Low German version of the name Heinrich. Therefore it also succeeds the old high German name "Heimrich" which is composed of the old high German terms "heim" (home, house) and "rîhhi" (powerful, prince).
Accordingly, Heinrich as well as Hinnerk mean the same as "landlord", "the lord of the house".

</doc>
<doc id="21506350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506350" title="Garalo">
Garalo

Garalo is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
The commune contains 30 settlements:

</doc>
<doc id="21506356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506356" title="Gilberto Palacios">
Gilberto Palacios

Gilberto Ramón Palacios Acosta (born 8 January 1980, in Asunción) is an Paraguayan football striker, who currently plays for Oriente Petrolero.
He has played professional football in Paraguay, Argentina, Chile and Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="21506368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506368" title="Pogsak Khongkeaw">
Pogsak Khongkeaw

Pogsak Khongkeaw born 31 January 1977 is a Thai association football player, and a member of the Thailand national beach soccer team, making two appearances in the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21506373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506373" title="Defina">
Defina

Defina is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,109. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506376" title="Bladié-Tiémala">
Bladié-Tiémala

Bladié-Tiémala is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21506388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506388" title="Sanso">
Sanso

Sanso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 2009 the commune had a population of 22,284.
The Morila Gold Mine is located 10 km from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="21506409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506409" title="CPD Mark">
CPD Mark

Continuing Professional Development Mark.
Developed in 2008, the Continuing Professional Development Mark is an independent Assessment scheme designed exclusively for the education sector in the UK to ensure that schools and colleges have effective systems in place to identify and fulfill the development needs of all staff.
The eight-step framework provides guidance for monitoring and evaluating performance with the aim of helping schools and colleges to assess the impact of their CPD processes and practice and to encourage them to source the best training for individual members of staff.
Self-evaluation.
A portfolio of evidence relating to the areas in the CPD Mark framework needs to be compiled prior to assessment. Much of the evidence can be cross-referenced to documents such as minutes of meetings, policy documents, Self-Evaluation Forms, Improvement Plans as well as to Ofsted requirements, Professional Teaching Standards and National Occupational Standards.
The CPD Mark assessors evaluate the quality of evidence of schools’ or colleges’ CPD policies and activities to support each of the eight criteria in the CPD Mark framework.
The eight criteria cover: 
Assessment.
The assessment visit comprises a series of conversations with a wide range of individuals ranging from the Senior Leadership Team, non-teaching staff and newly-qualified staff to parents and Local Authority representatives. 
An independently-moderated report is presented to schools/colleges following the assessment. The CPD Mark is awarded if the portfolio of evidence meets the established criteria and the assessor’s observations of the establishment as a whole bear out that CPD is a key strength.
Achieving the CPD Mark award shows that schools/colleges have met and exceeded national expectations for CPD.

</doc>
<doc id="21506426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506426" title="RC Olymp">
RC Olymp

RC Olymp is a Ukrainian rugby club in Kharkiv. The team currently plays in the Ukraine Rugby Superliga. For the past few years the club has produced the majority of the Ukraine national team.
History.
The club was founded in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21506427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506427" title="Matthew Ryan (handballer)">
Matthew Ryan (handballer)

Matthew Colin Ryan (born February 19, 1966), a native of New York, was captain of the 1996 US Olympic handball team. He was a member of the US National team from 1989-1996 and he competed at the Goodwill Games in 1994. He played basketball for the University of Massachusetts Amherst and Long Island University.

</doc>
<doc id="21506429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506429" title="SynfiniWay">
SynfiniWay

SynfiniWay is middleware with which a virtualised IT framework can be created that provides a uniform and global view of resources within a department, a company, or a company with its suppliers. This virtualised IT framework is service-oriented, meaning that applications are run as services, which are a system-independent view of applications. Several applications can be linked in a workflow, and data exchange between the applications participating in the workflow is implicitly managed by the IT framework. SynfiniWay is platform-independent, allowing almost any distributed heterogeneous platform to be linked into its virtualised IT framework.
IT framework.
A virtualised IT framework is implemented with SynfiniWay by installing a component with specific software agents on each of the systems in the framework. There are three major types of components in SynfiniWay:
All components are based on Java, so that they can be deployed in a multi-platform environment. An example framework with two neighbourhoods is shown in the figure. Adding or removing components is automatically detected by the framework. The SynfiniWay meta-scheduler automatically adjusts to changes in Service Manager or service availability.
Service management.
SynfiniWay is geared towards service management. This means that an application or a command that will be utilised is defined as a service and published on the SynfiniWay IT framework. Simple or complex tasks can be abstracted into services for execution. By using these abstracted services, a user can easily run applications or commands regardless of how complex they may be or what underlying IT infrastructure is required. They provide a form of virtualisation of computing resources since the user need not be aware of where the service is available or how it is run.
Workflow management.
A technical or business process is created by linking services in a workflow. Workflows in SynfiniWay are based on WfMC version 1.0. A workflow defines one or more tasks that will be executed with a given execution logic (branch, loop, conditional). SynfiniWay supports multi-instance tasks which run a service multiple times concurrently. Also it supports a workflow of workflows, whereby a workflow can be executed as a task of a higher level workflow.
Data handling.
Files needed by a service are automatically transferred to the computer executing that service so that the user is freed from having to manage file transfers. A file transfer mechanism is used allowing files to be transferred directly from the source to the target computer system, going through any number of firewalls between source and target, without being stored on any of the intermediary systems. This mechanism uses the shortest path for transferring files to a target computer from the source.
Meta-scheduling.
SynfiniWay employs a meta-scheduling capability, optimizing computational workloads by combining the multiple distributed Resource Managers an organisation is using, into a single aggregated view, allowing batch jobs to be directed to the best location for execution, using local resource managers such as LSF, PBSPro, SGE, LoadLeveler. SynfiniWay is able to schedule and execute services which are deployed on a mixed interlinked set of local resource managers.

</doc>
<doc id="21506442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506442" title="International Baseball Board">
International Baseball Board

The International Baseball Board was founded in 1927 and is the international governing body for British baseball. 
It has two member organisations, the English Baseball Association and the Welsh Baseball Union. It is not to be confused with the International Baseball Federation, which is the world governing body for US-style baseball.
The board oversees the annual international matches between the representative teams from England and Wales, which are played at A and B level for men, and at age-group level for boys.
The first such international game was held in Cardiff in 1908 and the centenary international was also held in Cardiff in 2008. Wales won on both occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="21506443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506443" title="Frank Dufina">
Frank Dufina

Frank Dufina (June 30, 1884 – August 11, 1972) was an early American golf professional. 
Dufina began his career in 1898 at the just-opened Wawashkamo Golf Club on Mackinac Island, Michigan, where he became the club professional. He was a member of the Mackinac Band of Chippewa Indians and was the first Native American to play golf on the professional circuit. Dufina played in the Western Open in 1911 and was named the "Longest Working Golf Professional in History" by "Golf Digest" in 1968. He counted many early golf professionals among his friends, including golf legend Walter Hagen. Named for him, the Frank Dufina Match Play Championship is held annually at Wawashkamo Golf Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21506445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506445" title="List of United States Military installations in Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF)">
List of United States Military installations in Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF)

The US Armed Forces had several temporary military bases in Iraq between 2003 and 2011, most a type of forward operating base (FOB). 
Depending on their size or utility, the facilities are called : Camp, Forward Operating Base (FOB), Contigency Operating Base (COB), Contingency Operating Site (COS), Combat Outpost (COP), Patrol Base (PB), Outpost, Logistic Base (Log Base), Fire Base (FB), Convoy Support Center (CSC), Life Support Area (LSA) and Joint Security Station (JSS).

</doc>
<doc id="21506453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506453" title="Ralph Carpenter">
Ralph Carpenter

Ralph Emerson Carpenter Jr. (October 6, 1909 – February 2, 2009) was a conservationist and Colonial furniture expert.
Biography.
Carpenter was born on October 6, 1909, in Woonsocket, Rhode Island and was a descendant of William Carpenter who founded Providence, Rhode Island in 1636 along with Roger Williams. He spent his summers in his youth at the family's home in Matunuck, across Narragansett Bay from Newport. He attended Cornell University, graduating in 1931 with a degree in mechanical engineering.
Business career.
After an offer of employment from Alcoa was retracted during the Great Depression, he took employment selling life insurance in Toledo, Ohio before moving to New York City. There he would go from building to building trying to sell insurance, but there was little interest.
Carpenter became a pension plan consultant, obtaining Bristol-Myers as a customer and later becoming partner at Reynolds and Company, an investment bank.
Antiques.
Carpenter developed an interest in antiques that began as a way to acquire inexpensive furniture to fill his Scarsdale, New York apartment. He would visit dealers in Manhattan, purchasing items crafted by George Hepplewhite and Thomas Sheraton.
His 1954 book, "The Arts and Crafts of Newport, Rhode Island, 1640-1820", helped bring attention to American Colonial-era cabinetmakers to public attention.
He continued his search for antiques, first keeping them in a warehouse and then constructing a custom-built house in Scarsdale in the 1950s to accommodate the collection. He sold the house and moved to Newport in the 1970s.
Historic renovations.
In the 1940s, while antiques-hunting in New England, he revisited the city and was dismayed by the rundown appearance of many of its buildings. After the Hunter House was purchased in 1945 to forestall its destruction, Carpenter was appointed to oversee the restoration of the building by the nascent Preservation Society of Newport County. As part of the restoration effort, Carpenter acquired furniture from Goddard and Townsend, two of the great cabinetmaking families of the area. Morrison Heckscher called the house "a brilliant restoration that gets better with age, and that book of his, written with great intelligence, simplicity and clarity, is one I still turn to 50 years later."
He was asked to reconstruct the Wayside Inn in Sudbury, Massachusetts following a destructive fire in 1955. He also renovated other Newport structures, including the 1673 White Horse Tavern, the 1726 Trinity Church, the Redwood Library and Athenaeum built from 1748-1750 and the 1762 Brick Market, later home to the Museum of Newport History.
Post-retirement.
He was hired by Christie's in 1978, serving as a consultant on decorative arts and antiques. He played a pivotal role in the acquisition of the Nicholas Brown desk-case, which sold for a $12.1 million in 1989 to Harold Sack, a record for a piece of American furniture that stood at the time of Carpenter's death.
Carpenter established the Newport Symposium in 1992, so that art experts could gather on an annual basis to discuss issues of interest. 
To the end of his life, he was an active collector, historian and preservationist, purchasing items that would be appropriate for the many Newport buildings he restored.
Death.
Carpenter died at age 99 on February 2, 2009 in Newport. He was survived by his second wife, the former Roberta Lowy; a daughter; a grandchild; and three great-grandchildren. His 1932 marriage to Cynthia Ramsey ended in divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="21506455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506455" title="English Baseball Association">
English Baseball Association

The English Baseball Association (EBA) was founded in 1892 and is the governing body of British baseball in England.
It is based in Liverpool and is a member of the International Baseball Board.

</doc>
<doc id="21506456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506456" title="Miervaldis Adamsons">
Miervaldis Adamsons

Miervaldis Adamsons () (29 June 1910 – 23 August 1946) Latvian military officer who during World War II Joined the Waffen SS and got the rank of Hauptsturmführer. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Miervaldis Adamsons was born on 29 June 1910, in Poltava. In the 1920s his family returned to Latvia and settled in Cēsis where Miervaldis graduated city gymnasium. In 1928, Miervaldis started theology studies at the University of Latvia. In this period he became a member of the oldest Latvian student fraternity, "Lettonia". However soon he left his studies and joined the Merchant navy. During his travels he wisited Africa and South America however due to his sharp character he often got into trouble and finally after a conflict with ship captain he landed in Marsailles, France and joined the French Foreign Legion signing a six year contract in 1930. There he served in Morocco in cavalry units and was many times decorated for bravery. There he earned the nickname "The Moroccan Terror" and was promoted to be an NCO.
After his service in the Foreign Legion he returned to Latvia and joined the Latvian Army in 1937 serving as an officer in the 8th Daugavpils Infantry Regiment.
World War II.
The Latvian Army was disbanded under the occupation of the Soviet Union. When the Germans invaded in Operation Barbarossa in June 1941, Ādamsons was leading a partisan unit in Vidzeme which was involved in skirmishes with retreating Red Army. Later he voluntarily joined the 26th Tukums Battalion and by June 1942 was stationed in the Minsk region - now being involved in operations against Partisans on the opposite side to those he had conducted himself.
In February 1943 Ādamsons was leading a patrol over the frozen Ilmen Lake behind the Red Army's lines. They managed to destroy a soviet ammunition depot and capture a soviet officer.
In April 1943, Adamson was in the 2nd Battalion, Latvian Brigade on the Leningrad front and took part in the Battle of Wolchow where he was severely wounded in the head and eye. He was also awarded the Iron Cross for bravery.
After recovering from his wounds he was given command of the 6th Company, 44th Waffen Grenadier Regiment, 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian) which had been formed from the Latvian Brigade. He was again wounded in August 1944 just before being promoted to Hauptsturmführer in September 1944.
Returning to the front he was involved in the battle of the Kurland Pocket in December 1944 and was again seriously wounded and partly lost his eyesight. His company in a single 24-hour period repelled seven attacks by the Russians, and after the battle the bodies of 400 fallen Russian soldiers could be counted in front of the Latvians positions. So fierce was the fighting the Russian 100th Army Corps was completely destroyed.
For this remarkable defensive success Adamsons was awarded the Knights Cross in January 1945. Spring of the 1945 he spend in various military hospitals in Courland. During the last days of the Courland Pocket, some of Ādamsons' comrades offered him a place in a boat to Sweden, the destination of many other Latvian soldiers and civilians. He, however, refused to leave Latvia.
Post war.
Ādamsons survived the war and while in Hospital he entered Soviet captivity in May 1945. At first he claimed to be a German and was sent to the prisoner of war camp in the Šiauliai but later he was sent to work in the nickel mines at Murmansk. After few months he together with several German officers tried to escape to Finland in the winter of 1945/46. However they were recaptured near the Finnish border. He was sentenced to death for "homeland betrayal" in May 1946 after it became clear that he is actually Latvian.
Miervaldis Adamsons was executed in Riga on 23 August 1946 by firing squad. In 1993 Ādamsons was fully exonerated by Latvian supreme court.
Miscellaneous.
The Latvian Legion's attachment to the SS, unit designations and ranks were considered a formality. Latvian and Estonian soldiers regardless of whether they volunteered or were drafted, were not members of the Nazi party.
In 1949-50, United States Displaced Persons Commission investigated the Estonian and Latvian "SS" and found these military units to be neither criminal nor Nazi collaborators. On 12 September 1950, Harry N. Rosenfield, the United Nations Refugee Relief Association commissioner, wrote to Jūlijs Feldmanis, Latvia's chargé d'affaires in Washington, saying that «the Waffen-SS units of the Baltic States (the Baltic Legions) are to be seen as units that stood apart and were different from the German SS in terms of goals, ideologies, operations and constitution, and the Commission does not, therefore, consider them to be a movement that is hostile to the government of the United States under Section 13 of the Displaced Persons Act, as amended.»

</doc>
<doc id="21506471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506471" title="Welsh Baseball Union">
Welsh Baseball Union

The Welsh Baseball Union (WBU) (founded 1892) is the national governing body of British baseball in Wales.
It is a member of the International Baseball Board. The WBU organises the men's and youth league and cup competitions, as well as selecting and managing the Wales international teams at adult and youth level.
The Welsh Baseball Union is based in Cardiff.
Welsh Baseball Captains.
Dai Griffiths Grange Albion 1925
George Whitcombe Grange Albion 1930
Harry Buley Grange Albion 1933
Mac Purchase Grange Albion 1965
Ted Peterson
See also.
Welsh Ladies Baseball Union

</doc>
<doc id="21506485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506485" title="Victor Mottez">
Victor Mottez

Victor-Louis Mottez (13 February 1809 – 7 June 1897) was a French fresco painter, painter and portraitist.
Life.
He was born in Lille. His father was passionate about art and was himself a painter. Sent to Paris with a pension for some years, Victor was recalled due to the poor state of his father's finances and his studies were cut short. He followed courses at the École de dessin in Lille and worked under the direction of his father and his father's painter friends such as Édouard Liénard, student of Jacques-Louis David. He returned to Paris from 1828 to 1829 to enter the École des Beaux-Arts and at first studied under the direction of François-Édouard Picot, then as a free student of Dominique Ingres. 
The Mottez family was highly religious and devoted to the House of Bourbon, and so the July Revolution in 1830 came as a catastrophe to them. Victor was again recalled to Lille by his father and married shortly afterwards. From there he made many trips, of which the longest and most notable was that to Italy and he came to consider its old masters as the absolute masters of painting. In Rome he met Ingres again - Ingres liked him very much and often gave him advice. His "Christ in the Tomb" (now in the église Sainte-Catherine de Lille) and "The Martyrdom of Saint Stephen" (now in the église Saint-Étienne de Lille) date to this era. Also on this trip to Italy he became hugely interested in fresco art—Mottez painted his wife Julie in this medium and, showing Ingres the end result, pulled it off the wall at Ingres' request (it was later given to the Louvre by Mottez's two children).
Returning to France in 1838, he set up shop in Paris and exhibited at the Paris Salons, especially turning more and more towards the neglected genre of frescoes, notably religious ones. He also translated the "Treatise" by the 14th century Florentine painter Cennino Cennini and learned from his techniques. His most remarkable works are those for churches (at Église Saint-Germain-l'Auxerrois in the 1840s, and at the Saint-Séverin in the 1850s), which were admired by Ingres and Delacroix. However, the clergy's hostility to them, the materials used, the saltpeter walls and their situation all meant that they were already deteriorated by the end of the 19th century and are now largely lost (except for "Saint Martin cutting his cloak in two" at St-Germain l'Auxerrois), though Mottez's cartoons for them survive.
During the same years he frequented the Bertins' salon, alongside the main writers and artists of the time (a sketch of his for a portrait of Victor Hugo survives). He produced two frescoes for this salon, destroyed in 1854. After the 1848 Revolution Mottez set out for the United Kingdom, where he produced several portraits of British nobles and personalities and the exiled minister François Guizot, which were exhibited at the Royal Academy salons. He was an excellent portraitist throughout his career and it was that which mainly occupied him in the last years of his career. He returned to France in 1853 and worked with Delacroix at the Église Saint-Sulpice, at the start of the 1860s, where their highly opposed styles clearly showed the struggle between the neo-classical and romantic visions. Maurice Denis considered these frescoes at St-Sulpice (another "Saint Martin") as "unforgettable". He designed the stained glass windows at the église Saint-Maurice de Lille.
Marriage and issue.
He married three times:
Victor Mottez died on 7 June, 1897 in Bièvres.

</doc>
<doc id="21506508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506508" title="The Adventures of Maddog Williams in the Dungeons of Duridian">
The Adventures of Maddog Williams in the Dungeons of Duridian

The Adventures of Maddog Williams in the Dungeons of Duridian was released by Game Crafters in 1992. The game is a cross between a text adventure and a role-playing game whereby the player took the role of Maddog Williams, a shopkeeper from the seaside town of Marinor.
Maddog Williams was released on Amiga, Atari ST and PC and a sequel was planned for release entitled "Escape from Cylindria". Currently the game is freely available for download from the developers' website.
Gameplay.
Players control the titular Maddog Williams and must guide him through eight quests spread over the game's length. The quest begins in Maddog's home, the player is able to explore before gradually finding clues on how to progress further due to the relatively non-linear nature of the game compared to other adventures. The game's environments house objects to manipulate and non-player characters to converse with for information, as well as enemies who can be vanquished through combat.

</doc>
<doc id="21506514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506514" title="Domba, Mali">
Domba, Mali

Domba is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 8,107. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506525" title="Wola, Mali">
Wola, Mali

Wola is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 10,158. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506530" title="Trictionary">
Trictionary

Trictionary (1982) is a 400-page trilingual English/Spanish/Chinese translation wordbook. It covers about 3,000 words in each language. The book was compiled by anonymous volunteers, mostly younger students from New York City whose native language was English, Spanish or Chinese. The compilation was done, as "The New Yorker" reports (10 May 1982) "by the spare-time energy of some 150 young people from the neighborhood" aged between 10 and 15, two afternoons a week over three years. The project was sponsored by the National Endowment for the Humanities and work was done at the Chatham Square branch of the New York Public Library. The original idea was developed by Jane Shapiro, a teacher of English as a Second Language at Junior High School 65, helped by Mary Scherbatoskoy of ARTS (Art Resources for Teachers and Students).
Tom McArthur, in his 1986 book "Worlds of Reference", thought of the project as a future model for reference work creation: group collaboration, volunteer work and no single or named author. "I am considering something much more radically interesting: turning students on occasion into once-in-a-lifetime Samuel Johnsons and Noah Websters." McArthur's observation was prescient, the project is now seen as an early model of social information processing, and has since been compared to the community created encyclopedia Wikipedia which first appeared in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21506533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506533" title="Ulla Adlerfelt">
Ulla Adlerfelt

Ulla ("Ulrika Sofia") Adlerfelt, née "Sparre af Sundby" (21 July 1736 – 1 August 1765), was a Swedish artist (painter) and noble. She was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. 
She was born in Stockholm, the daughter of Count Axel Sparre af Sundby and Augusta Thörnflycht and married to Baron Carl Adlerfelt. She was the student of Gustaf Lundberg. She drew, and painted in oil. She died in Malmö.

</doc>
<doc id="21506534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506534" title="Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!">
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!

"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" is the title of the third single by the Hello! Project unit Buono!. "Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" was used as the third ending theme of the anime "Shugo Chara!", and "Minna Daisuki", the B-side, was used as the second opening theme. The PV was shot on-location in a real school. The single was released on May 14, 2008 in Japan under the Pony Canyon label in two different versions: regular (PCCA.70215) and limited (PCCA.02672). The normal edition came with only the normal CD, while the limited edition was packaged with a special DVD; both the limited edition and first press of the regular edition came with a serial number card, used in a promotional draw, and a Buono! trading card. The Single V (PCBP.51918) was released on June 18, 2008. The single peaked at #4 on the weekly Oricon charts, and charted for six weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="21506542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506542" title="Johanna Hurwitz">
Johanna Hurwitz

Johanna Hurwitz (born October 9, 1937) is an American award-winning author of more than sixty children's books. She has sold millions of books in many different languages.
Hurwitz graduated from Queens College, New York with a degree in English and Columbia University with a master's in library science.
After many years working as a librarian, Hurwitz wrote her first book, "Busybody Nora", in 1976, one of the first in the chapter books genre for transitioning young readers from shorter stories to novels. "Busybody Nora" had taken 17 times for publishing companies to publish the book. Fortunately, Ravenstone Press was pleased to publish the book after three months Johanna Hurwitz had submitted the story. Her books include biographies for children of Anne Frank, Astrid Lindgren, Leonard Bernstein, and Helen Keller. Her 1999 book, "The Just Desserts Club", combined related short stories with recipes.
Hurwitz is the aunt of Garance Franke-Ruta and Ted Frank.

</doc>
<doc id="21506544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506544" title="Debelin">
Debelin

Debelin is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 4,990. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506550" title="Jason Castro">
Jason Castro

Jason Castro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21506553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506553" title="Keleya">
Keleya

Keleya is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 17,267. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506562" title="Leonard Erickson">
Leonard Erickson

Leonard C. Erickson was the Robert Wallace Miller Professor of Oncology at the Department of Pharmacology & Toxicology at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis Cancer Center, and he also served as Deputy Director of the Indiana University Cancer Center.
History.
Leonard Erickson earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology from Ottawa University in 1968. He received both his Masters degree in Biology and Genetics in 1972, and his Doctorate in Biology and Genetics in 1974 from Florida State University. From 1974 - 1983 Erickson held the positions of Senior Staff Fellow, Expert Investigator, and Senior Investigator at the National Cancer Institute.
From 1983 - 1996, Erickson served as a Research Professor at Loyola University Chicago. In 1996 he joined the Indiana University School of Medicine faculty as a full Professor. In 1998 he was named the Robert Wallace Miller Scholar, and in 2003 he was named Deputy Director of the Indiana University Cancer Center.
Erickson died at the age of 66 on May 19, 2013. His residence was located in Zionsville, Indiana.
Awards.
In 1998, he was appointed to the Robert Wallace Miller endowed professorship.

</doc>
<doc id="21506567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506567" title="Mount Pleasant Library (Washington, D.C.)">
Mount Pleasant Library (Washington, D.C.)

The Mount Pleasant Library at 1600 Lamont Street, NW in Washington, DC is a branch of the District of Columbia Public Library System that opened in May 1925, and is the third oldest public library building still in use in Washington. Construction of the Mount Pleasant Branch was funded primarily by the Carnegie Corporation and was built to serve the rapidly growing communities of Mount Pleasant and Columbia Heights. The architect, Edward Lippincott Tilton of New York, was an accomplished library designer who planned numerous libraries nationwide. The library site at Lamont and 16th Streets was made available for purchase by Mary Foote Henderson who was instrumental in the development of 16th Street in the early 20th century. The Italian Renaissance design of the building harmonizes with the monumental architecture of the churches and embassies that line 16th Street. The Mount Pleasant Neighborhood Library stands in the Mount Pleasant National Register Historic District designated in 1987.
The Mount Pleasant Library was the third and last DC Neighborhood Library to be built with Carnegie funding. Andrew Carnegie had funded the construction of the Central Library and, at its dedication in 1903, he offered to finance branch buildings as they were needed. Congress was slow to authorize the acceptance of his offer. In 1910, it authorized acceptance of funds for the first Carnegie Neighborhood Library which opened in Takoma Park in 1911. By the time the Board of Library Trustees next sought funds for a Neighborhood Library, Carnegie had died without providing in his will for the construction of additional libraries. The Carnegie Corporation honored the promise by granting the Trustees’ requests for the funding of two more branches, the Southeast Branch in 1921 and Mount Pleasant in 1923.
One of the most distinguishing features of the building today is the murals painted during the 1930s by Aurelius Battaglia under a Works Progress Administration program. The murals depict a fantastical world where the animals take over the circus. With the lion as the ringmaster and the hippos as ballerinas, the murals may have served as studies for Walt Disney's "Fantasia" for which Battaglia worked as an illustrator years later.
In October 2012, the District of Columbia completed an $11.5 million renovation and expansion of the historic building. The project included expanding into a new building at the rear of the property and a glass atrium linking to two spaces. There is a new 100-person meeting room as well as dedicated space for teens. The lower level houses adult non-fiction while the main level contains adult fiction and a large collection of Spanish-language materials. The upper level is dedicated to children and includes a performance space and a dedicated space for very young children. The project removed a three-level stack of cast-iron shelving and a sunroom and aimed to reach a minimum of LEED Silver for its sustainability and energy efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="21506580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506580" title="Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze">
Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze

Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze (born 25 February 1978 in Waregem) is a Belgian professional football player. He is a defensive midfielder who currently plays for K.S.V. Oudenaarde.
Before turning professional, Van Nieuwenhuyze was active in the construction sector. When Van Nieuwenhuyze won the Belgian Cup with Zulte Waregem in 2005-06, he and several other team mates were still no professional footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="21506602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506602" title="Brian Baker (runner)">
Brian Baker (runner)

Brian Baker (born 8 June 1970) is a retired American long-distance runner and current coach.
Early career.
Baker was born and raised in Batesville, Arkansas, and competed in his prep career at Batesville High School. He holds the state high school record in the 3200 meter run with 9:09.80 minutes. He was also a two-time state champion in the 1600 and 3200 meter run events.
Baker ran collegiately at the University of Arkansas, winning team national titles in 1990 (indoor track and cross country), 1991 (indoor), 1992 (cross country, indoor and outdoor) and 1993 (cross country, indoor and outdoor). He won the NCAA Outdoor 5000-meter run in 1994 and ran a leg on the winning indoor distance medley relay team the same year.
Baker won two individual SEC conference cross country titles and two conferences titles in the 5000 meter run during his career at Arkansas. Baker's team won twelve total conference championships during his career and he was a seven time All-American.
International career.
After graduating in 1994, Baker continued a professional running career with New Balance. In 1995, he finished tenth in the 5000 meters at the 1995 Summer Universiade. He was also a member of the United States World Cross Country team in 1996 and 1997.
At the 1996 World Cross Country Championships, Baker finished 41st in the long race and 13th in the team competition. At the 1997 World Cross Country Championships, he finished 98th in the long race and 11th in the team competition.
Baker then competed in the 5000 meters at the 1997 World Championships, without reaching the final, and finished tenth in the 3000 meters at the 1999 World Indoor Championships. He finished fourth in the 5000 meters at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg.
Baker's personal best times were 3:57.4 minutes in the mile run, achieved in May 1999 in Attleboro; 7:43.88 minutes in the 3000 meters, achieved in August 1998 in Hechtel; and 13:28.62 minutes in the 5000 meters, achieved in June 2000 in Dedham.
Coaching career.
He is currently a head coach for the track and field teams at Gardner-Webb University. In June 2004, Baker was inducted into the Arkansas Track and Field Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21506609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506609" title="David Charles Manners">
David Charles Manners

David Charles Manners is a British writer, a representative for the charity Diversity Role Models, and the co-founder of "Sarvashubhamkara", a charity that provides medical care, education and human contact to socially excluded individuals and communities on the Indian subcontinent, most of whom are affected by the stigma of leprosy.
Background.
Of Anglo-Franco-Swedish stock, David's mother was raised in Sussex, his father on India's North-West Frontier and in the East Punjab. He is the 3+great grandson of Charles Thomas Pearce.
Education and Career.
David had an eclectic education in Epsom, Lichfield, Paris, Frankfurt, London, Bath and Stockholm. A childhood fascination with languages led him to study to varying degrees French, Swedish, German, Italian, Finnish, Brazilian Portuguese, Hindi, Nepali, Latin and Ancient Greek, leading Judith Mackrell to describe David as "a remarkable polyglot".
In his twenties, he worked as a theatre designer, primarily with Adventures in Motion Pictures, for which he was also commissioned to compose original instrumental work. His designs included Matthew Bourne's "Infernal Galop" (1989; revived 1992), "Deadly Serious" (1992), "The Percys of Fitzrovia" (1992) and "Drip" (BBC's "Dance for the Camera", 1993). 2012 saw "Infernal Galop" revived by Bourne's New Adventures, as part of the 20th anniversary celebrations of the founding of his companies.
"David influenced a lot of AMP work throughout those years, because he had so many interests," says Matthew Bourne. "He was someone that I could definitely develop ideas with, that I could talk to about what I should do next ... Certainly David was an important influence throughout those years."
David also designed the first Italian translation of Bernstein's "Candide" for Graham Vick at Batignano, Tuscany.
Awarded a Music degree from Newton Park College, Bath, David went on to train in Physical Medicine and subsequently worked for thirteen years as Physical Therapist with musicians, conductors and singers at Glyndebourne Festival Opera. He is an initiate of an Eastern Himalayan tantric tradition, in which he has led introductory courses at Glyndebourne, English National Opera, for the Jerwood Young Artists’ Programme, and in several regions of India.
A contributor to various journals, his first book, the bestselling "In the Shadow of Crows", was published in 2009 by Reportage Press, with a percentage of the publisher's profits from its sale dedicated to the work of "Sarvashubhamkara" amongst the ostracised in India. A second edition, published by Signal Books, was released in August 2011 for distribution in Britain, North America and India.
In a return to the theatre, David was invited to create prose and poetry on which choreographer Ben Wright, composer Alan Stones and projection artist Dick Straker based a new theatre production with the contemporary dance company Bgroup. The "Lessening of Difference" made a national British tour through the winter of 2011.
A 'docu-portrait' by video-journalist Alexandra Guité on David's humanitarian work in India and his writing was televised on Canada's CBC Radio-Canada, on 25 March 2012.
His second book, "Limitless Sky", was released by Rider (imprint), a Random House division, in June 2014.
Since 1993, David has spent his life between the Sussex Downs and the Bengal Himalaya.
"In the Shadow of Crows": Synopsis.
"In the Shadow of Crows" recounts the passage of two journeys through India driven by loss, and an unlikely, remarkable friendship.
Bindra, widowed granddaughter of a mountain "bojudeuta" shaman and mother of four children, contracts leprosy. She is violently driven from her mountain home and is forced to travel across the Plains in search of a place of safety, where she might one day reunite her family.
David is raised in Surrey speaking ‘kitchen Urdu’ and with a childhood imagination entirely consumed by a fantasy life in India, a country in which he has never once stepped. Not until he finds himself lost and isolated as a result of calamitous events is he driven to uncover the true history of his non-British roots in the foothills of the Himalaya.
And when he eventually walks into a cruelly mistreated leprosy colony and meets an elderly woman called Bindra, both their lives are transformed.
"In the Shadow of Crows": Reception.
Radio journalists initially took up "In the Shadow of Crows", with Nikki Bedi on the BBC Asian Network broadcasting, "I learnt so much from this book … it shows a great depth of understanding". Rhod Sharp on BBC Five Live thought it "wonderful philosophy". Wojtek Gwiazda, on Radio Canada International's ‘Masala Canada’, considered it an account of "two fascinating stories."
Line Boily reviewed the book on the French language Radio-Canada as "Une histoire ... écrit avec une candeur et honnêteté rare ... une histoire très touchante ... un livre que j'ai lu avec beaucoup, beaucoup d'intêret."
Montreal's "Westmount Examiner" and "The Monitor" newspapers published the following review by Bureau Chief Toula Fosclos: "'In the Shadows of the Crows' teaches us that there’s hope in the horror of daily life. There’s affirmation of good in the ghastly. Life is both better and worse than we ever imagined it to be and Manners is an inspirational, thoughtful, and compassionate writer, softly reminding us all of our common humanity and whispering to us that our life’s purpose should be to take care of one another. No matter our circumstances, we all live our lives in the shadow of death, but it’s the leaning into the light that makes the brief time we spend on earth hold any meaning at all ..."
Bill Richardson, author and broadcaster on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, has written, "David Charles Manners is an inspiring writer and speaker ... Intelligent and generous, cosmopolitan and compassionate, and an unrepentant polyglot and xenophile, Mr. Manners has led and is leading a big life. Disinclined to squander opportunity, his appetite for experience, as well as his humour and big-heartedness, are palpable on every page of "In the Shadow of Crows". Having spent the better part of a quarter century interviewing people, mostly for CBC Radio, I have been on the fortunate receiving end of many, many personal and remarkable stories, and his is one I will always remember. Read him. Meet him. It will be time well spent."
Gilda O'Neill, novelist and author of the Sunday Times Best Seller "My East End", described "In the Shadow of Crows" as "A journey into another world that tells a story which is at once accomplished, intriguing and moving."
Award-winning Canadian author Brian Doyle deemed it "Very moving and well written ... "In the Shadow of Crows" was a book that I found hard to put down. I learned."
Professor Dhirendra Sharma, Editor of "Philosophy & Social Action" and Convener of "Concerned Scientists & Philosophers", India, reviewed it as "A volume to provoke true soul-searching … a must read."
Indian writer Chandralekha Mehta, niece of Jawaharlal Nehru and author of "Freedom’s Child", wrote that "In the Shadow of Crows" "highlights with compassion an Indo-British connection that has always been swept out of sight."
"The Lessening of Difference": Reception.
Judith Mackrell of "The Guardian" considered it "a delightful package, entertaining and well executed" and that Manners' love poems were "an essential part of its charm." Sarah Wilkinson of "The Stage" referred to "Manners’ exquisite writing". The "Western Morning News" called it "an intense, beautiful piece of theatre."
"Limitless Sky": Synopsis.
When a young Englishman from a conservative religious background meets a Nepalese shaman, a "jhankri", whilst visiting his Anglo-Indian relatives in the Bengal Himalaya, it is the start of an extraordinary adventure of self-discovery. The "jhankri" invites David to be his student and, over the coming years, leads him through a series of challenging initiations into an ancient tantric mountain tradition. More inspiring, rewarding and life-affirming than anything he could have imagined, these initiations ultimately help him confront, not only his own personal demons, but the fearful uncertainty of a simmering political situation and the shocking, sudden death of a loved one. 
In this remarkable story, David shares the wisdoms gained from his transformative days in the mountains. From learning how to let go of his own self-loathing and traumatic past experiences, to dismantling the common misconceptions around Tantra and Yoga, David is taken on a journey that teaches him how to live his life fully without fear and pre-judgement. With an emphasis on practical philosophy rather than mysticism, he realises that these life lessons – this gift – could benefit everyone and teach us all how to make positive, personal changes to our lives, and the lives of others.
"Limitless Sky": Reception.
“A stunning book, which I found enthralling ... a journey so vividly expressed and so seductive that the reader takes it all in easily and hungrily. Above all, I love the bravery, curiosity and honesty that streams from this immense adventure … A really remarkable and compelling book, full of wisdom, humour and beauty.” – Joanna Lumley
“LIMITLESS SKY is an extraordinary quest ... Its author, David Charles Manners, is a man worth watching. One can only marvel at what will flow next from his enchanted pen.” – Tahir Shah
"A thoughtful and strange and often startling account of going deeper than most Westerners do into the Nepalese tradition and philosophy ... wonderful descriptions …" - Libby Purves, Midweek, BBC Radio 4 
“An inspirational, intimate journey that encourages the reader to self-reflect in a remarkable and unexpected way, and thereby to better understand himself ... This is a unique and enlightening story of great courage that will echo for a lifetime.” – CBC Radio Canada

</doc>
<doc id="21506616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506616" title="Nach dem Goldrausch">
Nach dem Goldrausch

Nach Dem Goldrausch is the second album by German indie rock band Fotos, first released in March 2008 on Virgin Germany.
Track listing.
Some 2008 editions of this album also include the bonus track "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough", while a 2009 edition includes the bonus track "Du Fehlst Mir".

</doc>
<doc id="21506618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506618" title="GFest – gayWise LGBT Arts Festival">
GFest – gayWise LGBT Arts Festival

GFEST - Gaywise FESTival is the premier LGBT annual cross-arts festival in London - a platform for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer artists, organisations and venues that promote LGBT and queer arts.
Organised by arts charity Wise Thoughts, GFEST features queer artists and talent across the arts, including visual arts, theatre, dance and performance, short films, debates, workshops and parties.
In 2010, over 100 artists took part in GFEST 10, with over 8,000 people attending events. The launch of GFEST 08,09 and 10 took place at the Palace of Westminster making it the first ever LGBT arts initiative to be launched at the House of Commons.
GFEST 2011 will be held 7 – 20 Nov 2011, the third year for the festival.
Its Artistic Director is Niranjan Kamatkar.

</doc>
<doc id="21506624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506624" title="Gustava Johanna Stenborg">
Gustava Johanna Stenborg

Gustava Johanna Stenborg, as married senare "Hahr" and "Yckerberg", (1776-1819), was a Swedish artist.
She was born to secretary Johan Fredrik Stenborg and Henrica Hellman. Stenborg was a textile artist (embroidery). She was a student in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts when she participated in their 1790 art exhibition with a work in white sateen, for which she was awarded the memory prise of the royal academy. She was married to estate owner Henric Wilhelm Hahr,Jr. in 1793, and to estate-clerk Per Otto Yckerberg in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="21506637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506637" title="Piercing (novel)">
Piercing (novel)

Piercing is a novel by Ryu Murakami. Originally published in Japanese in 1994, it was translated and published in English by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2008.
Overview.
Piercing is set in Tokyo and follows Kawashima Masayuki trying to come to terms with his overwhelming desire to stab his infant child with an Ice Pick. He resolves to divert the impulse into an unsuspecting prostitute. However as he begins to execute his meticulous crime everything, including his past, begins to unravel.
Critical reception.
""...a haunting Japanese version of a David Lynch nightmare"" - Chris Petit, Guardian Book Review.
""Far from being a cheap gorefest, ‘Piercing’ handles its violence with controlled aplomb, making it seem a natural by-product of Tokyo’s economic dominance. The result is a brief and convincing narrative of a crime and its motivations. With simple language and vividly evoked images, the novel looks at a single moment of horror from every angle."" - Ed King, Time Out Book Review.

</doc>
<doc id="21506644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506644" title="Meridiela">
Meridiela

Meridiela is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 9,037. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506654" title="Dogo, Sikasso">
Dogo, Sikasso

Dogo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. As of 2009 the commune had a population of 33,466.

</doc>
<doc id="21506666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506666" title="Syen Toula">
Syen Toula

Syen Toula is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,825. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506683" title="Ouroun">
Ouroun

Ouroun is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 3,947. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506685" title="List of languages in the Eurovision Song Contest">
List of languages in the Eurovision Song Contest

The following is a list of languages used in the Eurovision Song Contest since its inception in 1956, including songs (as) performed in finals and, since 2004, semi-finals.
The rules concerning the language of the entries have been changed several times. In the past, the Contest's organizers have sometimes compelled countries to only sing in their own languages, but since 1999 no such restriction has existed.
Rule changes.
From 1956 until 1965, there was no rule restricting the language(s) in which the songs could be sung. For example, in the 1965 Contest, Ingvar Wixell of Sweden sang his song in English.
From 1966 to 1973, a rule was imposed that a song must be performed in one of the official languages of the country participating.
From 1973 to 1976 inclusive, participants were allowed to enter songs in any language. Several winners took advantage of this, with songs in English by countries where other languages are spoken, including ABBA's song in 1974.
In 1977, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the Contest's organisers, reimposed the national language restriction. However, Germany and Belgium were given a special dispensation to use English, as their national song selection procedures were already too advanced to change. During the language rule, the only countries which were allowed to sing in English were Ireland, Malta and United Kingdom as English is an official language in those countries. The restriction was imposed from 1977 to 1998.
From 1999 onwards, a free choice of language was again allowed. Since then, several countries have chosen songs that mixed languages, often English and their national language. Prior to that, songs such as Croatia's "Don't Ever Cry" (1993), Austria's "One Step" and Bosnia and Herzegovina's "Goodbye" (1997) had a title and one line of the song in a non-native language.
Since 2000 some songs have used artificial or non-existent languages: the Belgian entries in 2003 ("Sanomi") and 2008 ("O Julissi") were entirely in imaginary languages. In 2006 the Dutch entry, "Amambanda", was sung partly in English and partly in an artificial language.
The entry which used the most languages was "It's Just a Game", sung by the Bendik Singers for Norway in 1973. It was performed in English and French, with some lyrics in Spanish, Italian, Dutch, German, Irish, Serbo-Croatian, Hebrew, Finnish, Swedish and Norwegian. In 2012 Bulgaria's entry, "Love Unlimited" had lyrics in Bulgarian, with phrases in Turkish, Greek, Spanish, Serbo-Croatian, French, Romani, Italian, Azerbaijani, Arabic and English. 1969 Yugoslav entry "Pozdrav svijetu" was mainly sung in Croatian, but it had phrases in Spanish, German, French, English, Dutch, Italian, Russian and Finnish.
As of 2013, only three countries have never entered a song in one or more of their national language(s): Belarus has used neither Belarusian nor Russian since its first participation in 2004, Azerbaijan has not used Azerbaijani since its debut in 2008 (leading Bulgaria to be the first country to enter a song with Azerbaijani lyrics) and Monaco has not used Monégasque, which is one of the official languages of Monaco.
On the other hand, as of 2013, there are only twelve countries whose representatives have performed all their songs at least partially in an official, regional or national language: Andorra, France, Israel, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, Morocco, Portugal, and Spain. In addition, former countries Serbia and Montengro, Yugoslavia, and current countries Ireland, Malta, Serbia and the United Kingdom, only have been represented by songs fully in an official language.
Criticism.
French legislator François-Michel Gonnot criticized French television and launched an official complaint in the French Parliament, as the song which represented France in 2008, "Divine", was sung in English. A similar incident occurred again in 2014, when Spanish artist Ruth Lorenzo was criticized by the Royal Spanish Academy after the Spanish national selection for singing her entry, Dancing in the Rain, with some lyrics in English.
Languages and their first appearance.
Source: The Diggiloo Thrush
The Contest's name in national languages.
This is what the "Eurovision Song Contest" is called in the official languages of current and past participant countries of the contest.
Entries in artificial (constructed) languages.
Three times in the history of the contest, songs have been sung in invented languages.

</doc>
<doc id="21506694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506694" title="Faragouaran">
Faragouaran

Faragouaran is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,971. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506698" title="Sido, Mali">
Sido, Mali

Sido is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 13,877. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506699" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay

The final and the qualifying heats of the women's 4×100 metre freestyle relay event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Wednesday 14 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21506700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506700" title="Liplje, Postojna">
Liplje, Postojna

Liplje () is a small settlement north of Planina in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21506704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506704" title="Kokele">
Kokele

Kokele is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,753. 

</doc>
<doc id="21506714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21506714" title="Faradiele">
Faradiele

Faradiele is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 2130. 

</doc>
