<doc id="21589875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589875" title="Jan Valentin Sæther">
Jan Valentin Sæther

Jan Valentin Sæther (born 18 March 1944) is a Norwegian figurative painter, sculptor and gnostic priest. He was professor of figurative painting at the National Academy of the Arts in Oslo between 1996 and 2002.
Sæther received his education from the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry (1963–65) and the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts, painting under the direction of professor Reidar Aulie (1965–66) and sculpture under professor Per Palle Storm (1968–71). He has presented numerous exhibitions, mainly in Norway and California.
Sæther debuted in the prestigious Kunstnerforbundet in 1972, but prior to that he had participated in group the exhibitions "Spring Exhibition", Kunstnernes Hus 1968, "Figurative painting from the 1960s", Oslo Kunstforening ("Oslo Arts Society") 1970 and "Romantik, realisme", Oslo Kunstforening 1971. During this period he went by the name Jan Isak Sæther.
In 1973 he moved to Los Angeles, California. In addition to his work as an artist he ran several art schools during his 22 years there. Sæther moved back to Oslo in 1995. Between 1995 and 1996 he worked as amanuensis in charge of the models institute at the Oslo National Academy of the Arts. In 1996 he was contracted as professor of figurative painting there following a contentious and much publicized hiring process where the only competition that was to be considered qualified was his youth friend Odd Nerdrum. Following the hiring of Sæther in the professorship connected to figurative painting and sculptor Istvan Lisztes in the professorship connected to figurative sculpture, the emotions calmed down.
Gnostic congregation.
Sæther became an ordained reverend of the gnostic church in December 1988 by the regional bishop Stephan A. Hoeller of Ecclesia Gnostica in California. He has led a Norwegian congregation during later years.

</doc>
<doc id="21589882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589882" title="Elle Semmens">
Elle Semmens

Elle Semmens (born 5 May 1991) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589901" title="Ciara Conway (footballer)">
Ciara Conway (footballer)

Ciara Conway (born 20 January 1988) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589909" title="Georgette de Montenay">
Georgette de Montenay

Georgette de Montenay (1540–1581) was the French author of "Emblemes ou devises chrestiennes", published in Lyon between 1567 and 1571. Montenay has always been regarded as a lady-in-waiting to Jeanne d'Albret, the Protestant Queen of Navarre, partly because she dedicated her work to the Queen. An intriguing aspect of Montenay's Calvinist life is that she was married in 1562 to Guyon de Gout, a devout Catholic.
Montenay was born Toulouse. She came from an affluent military family, but was orphaned when young and was taken into the court by the Queen of Navarre, whom she served first as "fille d'honneur" and later as "dame d'honneur". Her position enabled her to acquire a thorough grounding in the classics and exposed her to Evangelism. She died at Sainte-Germier, near Toulouse.
"Emblemes ou Devises Chrestiennes".
Montenay's book is an important milestone in the history of emblem books, inasmuch as it was written by a female member of the Reformed (Calvinist) faith. Montenay claims in her foreword that the book represents the first collection of Christian emblems. However, there are earlier emblematic works such as Claude Paradin’s ""Devises heroiques"" (Lyons:, 1551; 1557). Montenay’s "Emblemes" signals the beginning of a systematic exploitation of these emblems in religious propaganda. It was illustrated using allegorical engravings by Pierre Woeiriot rather than the more traditional woodcuts. It is unusual in calling for participation by the reader in recognising biblical allusions, both verbal and visual, and serves to both educate and entertain.
Montenay’s work was thought to have first appeared in 1571, but a copy in the Royal Library in Copenhagen shows that it first appeared in 1567 and had been languishing in the hands of her publishers, Jean Marcorelle and Philippe de Castellas, since 1561. The delay may be explained by the religious turmoil of the time making early publication unwise. The Peace of Saint-Germain in 1570 raised hopes which were soon dashed by the 1572 St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre. In 1584 a Latin version was published, followed in 1619 by the Frankfurt-am-Main polyglot edition in Spanish, Italian, German, English and Dutch. The same illustrations are used in all three editions, so that the plates needed moving between Lyons, Zurich and Frankfurt. The motto or title included in each engraving is in Latin, and is invariably a quotation from the Vulgate version of the Bible, a book with which the common people shared an easy familiarity. The reader was expected to be able to place the quotations in context.

</doc>
<doc id="21589915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589915" title="Victoria Cluj">
Victoria Cluj

Victoria Cluj was a football club based in Cluj-Napoca, Romania. It was founded in 1920 and it soon became one of the best teams in the country. The club was dissolved in 1947.
History.
The team of the Mănăştur neighbourhood, at first it was formed by students of the Commercial Academy from Cluj, in 1920 (colours: white-red) as a result of the merger between "Dacia" and "CS Victoria". One of the men who contributed to the birth of the club was arh. Virgil Salvan.
The club participates at the official competitions in Romania starting with 1921, and plays two consecutive championship finals: in 1921-22 against Chinezul Timişoara 1-5 (team used: Maksay - Husza, Doczi - Polocsai, Szilágy, Chifor - I. Istvánffy, Cipcigan, L. Istvánffy, Szántó, Rozvan); and in 1922-23 again against Chinezul Timişoara 0-3 (team used: A. Molnár - Doczi, Chifor - Polocsai, Szilágy, Farkas - I. Istvánffy, Magyeri, Barabás, Cipcigan, L. Istvánffy).
In 1925-26 it once again won the regional championship, but lost 1-3 at AMEF Arad in the preliminary round of the final tournament.
In 1927 it changed its name to "România Cluj", and under this name it qualified for the 1927-28 final tournament, where it lost in the quarter-finals 0-2 at Jiul Lupeni.
At the 1928-29 final tournament again reached the final, only to lose once again, this time to Venus Bucureşti, 2-3. (Team used: A. Molnár - Doczi, Chifor - Doboşan, Bradea, Baba - Tabacu, Deheleanu, Huniade, Cipcigan, Novac). Players who weren`t used: Pop, Caliani, Albu, Sfera, Mureşan, the Istvánffy brothers, Florea, Sepi II, Bindea, Cobîrzan, Micu, Győrkő, Kinizsi.
The club participates from the very first edition of the divisional Romanian first league. During this period, the people in charge of the club were: prof. univ. Coriolan Tătaru, dr. N. Birăescu, prof. univ. dr. Liviu Pop, Patriciu Curea, Constantin Schipor. The players used were: A. Molnár, Chifor, Chindrean I, Chindrean II, Kreishoffer, Felecan I, Felecan II, Mureşan, Schetan, Ciungan, Fărcăşan, Munteanu I, Munteanu II, Pop I, Cipcigan, Căpuşan, Daci, Pintea, Nistor, Burdan, Straja, Pop II, Pop III, Feraru, Lazăr.
Starting with 1936 the club changes back its name to "Victoria" and continues to compete in the First League. Players added were: Burdan, Boşneag, Sepci, Pál, Nistor, Pop IV, Cornea, Cociuban I, Cociuban II, Szantai, Ţăranu, B. Marian.
During World War II the clubs activity is very reduced. It reappears in the 1946-47 edition of the Divizia B, after which it dissolves and disappears.
Honours.
Liga I:

</doc>
<doc id="21589921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589921" title="Katy Coghlan">
Katy Coghlan

Katy Coghlan (born 19 August 1989) is an English association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory, who also played for the Western Waves.

</doc>
<doc id="21589946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589946" title="Dolores, San Pablo">
Dolores, San Pablo

Barangay Dolores is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located on the northern portion of the city and bounded by Brgy. Sto. Angel on east, Brgy. San Buenaventura and Brgy. San Lorenzo on north, Brgy. Sta. Maria Magdalena on west, and Brgys. San Pedro, San Diego and Sta. Isabel on south.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21589951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589951" title="Thomas Astle">
Thomas Astle

Thomas Astle FRS FSA (22 December 1735 – 1 December 1803) was an English antiquary and palaeographer.
Life.
Astle was born on 22 December 1735 at Yoxall on the borders of Needwood Forest in Staffordshire, the son of Daniel Astle, keeper of the forest. He was articled to an attorney, but did not follow up his profession, and went to London, where he was employed to make an index to the catalogue of the Harleian manuscripts, printed in 1759, 2 vols, folio.
He was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1763, and about the same time George Grenville employed him in the arrangement of papers and other matters which required a knowledge of ancient handwriting, and nominated him, with Sir Joseph Ayloffe and Andrew Coltée Ducarel, as members of a commission to superintend the regulation of the public records at Westminster. On the death of the two colleagues, John Topham was substituted; he and Astle were removed under Pitt's administration. The same persons were appointed by royal commission in 1764 to superintend the methodising of the records of state and council preserved in the State Paper Office at Whitehall. In 1765 Astle was made receiver-general of sixpence in the pound on the civil list, and on 18 December of the same year he married Anna Maria, the only daughter and heiress of the Rev. Philip Morant, the historian of Essex.
In 1766 he was admitted a fellow of the Royal Society, and in the same year he was consulted by a committee of the House of Lords on the subject of printing the ancient records of parliament. He suggested the employment of his father-in-law in this work, and succeeded him upon his death in 1770. After the death (1775) of Henry Rooke, chief clerk of the Record Office in the Tower, Astle was appointed to his place; and on the decease of Sir John Shelley, Keeper of the Records, in 1783, obtained the higher office.
On the death of Morant in 1770 he came into possession, through Mrs. Astle, of his father-in-law's library of books and manuscripts as well as of a considerable fortune. He died at his house at Battersea Rise, near London, on 1 December 1803, of dropsy, in his sixty-ninth year. By his wife he had nine children.
Collections and works.
Astle eventually brought together the most remarkable private collection of manuscripts in the country. Thomas Percy acknowledges his help while investigating ballad literature. He was a conductor of "The Antiquarian Repertory," and contributed to the "Archaeologia" and "Vetusta Monumenta" of the Society of Antiquaries. In the latter appeared his contribution on unpublished Scottish seals. The editorship of the "Taxatio Ecclesiastica" and the "Calendarium Rotulorum Patentium" (Record Commission, 1802, 2 vols, folio), has been ascribed in error to Astle; John Caley edited the former work, and Caley with Samuel Ayscough the latter one. 
His printed books, chiefly collected by Morant, were purchased from the executors in 1804, for the sum of £1,000, by the founders of the Royal Institution. The collection of manuscripts was left by will to the Marquis of Buckingham, in token of the testator's regard for the Grenville family, upon payment of the nominal sum of £500. The marquis caused a room to be erected by John Soane for their reception at Stowe.
Astle was an efficient and zealous keeper, working on storage and indexation. A "Catalogue of the MSS. in the Cottonian Library ... with an account of the damage sustained by fire in 1731 and a catalogue of the charters preserved" was published by Samuel Hooper in 1777, with a dedication to Astle. He had no literary connection with the "Will of King Alfred" (1788), often said to have been translated by him. Sir Herbert Croft was the editor of this work; the translation and most of the notes were furnished by the Rev. Owen Manning. Besides many contributions to the "Archaeologia" between 1763 and 1802, Astle published the following works: 
Astle's chief work, "The Origin and Progress of Writing," was a contribution to the English literature of palaeography, intended to be a work of diplomatics. The plates were engraved by Benjamin Thomas Pouncey. The preparation of the text and notes of the edition of the "Rotuli Parliamentorum ut et petitiones et placita in Parliamento, etc. [1278-1503]," London, 1767–77, 6 vols, folio, was undertaken by Morant and John Topham down to 2nd Henry VI, and after that period by Topham and Astle. Dr. John Strachey saw the volumes through the press. "The Will of Henry VII" was reproduced by Astle in 1775 from the original in the chapter house at Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="21589980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589980" title="Erie County Holding Center">
Erie County Holding Center

The Erie County Holding Center in Buffalo, New York is a pre-trial, maximum security, detention facility that serves Erie County. Capable of housing 680 inmates, it is the second largest detention facility in New York State outside of New York City. Inmate "Over-flow" is housed at the Holding Center Annex at the Erie County Correctional Facility in Alden, New York. The Jail Management Division of the Erie County Sheriff's Office conducts regularly scheduled tours of the facility for High School and College student groups, Police Academy classes, and groups of "At risk" teens. According to a professor at University at Buffalo Law School, "Erie County continues to operate the Holding Center with indifference to the basic medical needs of inmates."
Complaints.
The suicide rate at the Holding Center has brought it unwanted attention. The Erie County Prisoners Rights Coalition demonstrates in front of the Center each Wednesday. 

</doc>
<doc id="21589986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589986" title="Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram">
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram

The Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram (; ), often abbreviated to IISER Thiruvananthapuram or IISER-TVM, is an institution of higher education established by the Government of India in 2008 based on the recommendations of the Scientific Advisory Council of India. The institute awards five-year integrated Master of Science degrees in Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology and inter-disciplinary areas. There are also facilities for doing research in these areas leading to the award of PhD.
IISER-TVM is currently located in the campus of the College of Engineering, Trivandrum (CET). A site of for establishing a permanent campus has been identified at Vithura, at the foothills of the Ponmudi hills of the western ghats, about 40 km from Thiruvananthapuram. There are four other such institutes in India and they are located at Bhopal, Kolkata, Mohali and Pune.
Administration.
The instituted is administered by a Board of Governors with M R S Rao, President, Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, Bangalore, as Chairman and Prof. V.Ramakrishnan as Director.
Admissions.
For admission to the MS programmes, students must have successfully completed the 10+2 course. Admissions are based on the ranks obtained in IIT-JEE and performance in KVPY. Students from state and central boards can have admissions directly based on the aptitude test conducted by IISERs. They must have obtained a minimum cutoff percentage marks provided by Department of Science and Technology (India).
The MS course is research oriented with a focus on basic sciences. The various components of the course are designed in such away that a graduate of the institute is motivated to take up science as a career. However the diverse skills gained from the institute will equip the students to pursue careers in any field including industry.

</doc>
<doc id="21589989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589989" title="North Fremantle Football Club">
North Fremantle Football Club

The North Fremantle Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the West Australian Football League from 1901 to 1915.
North Fremantle started out in the First Rate Junior Association, the state's second tier competition. They were premiers in 1897 and four years later were admitted, along with Subiaco, into the Western Australian Football Association (later renamed the West Australian Football League). 
In preparation for their inaugural WAFA season, North Fremantle signed three East Fremantle players who had been members of the 1900 premiership side.
Briefly in 1902, North sat on top of the WAFA ladder after beating East Fremantle by 22 points in their local derby. They however never made it to a Grand Final in the league, despite winning more games than they lost in their initial seasons.
The club suffered because of war and in 1915 they, due to lack of players, went into 'voluntary recession'. Fremantle were no longer able to support a third club and North, not helped by winning just two of their last 35 league matches, left the league.
Notable footballers to play for the club include Bill Bushell, Bill Goddard, Sam Gravenall and Phillip Matson.

</doc>
<doc id="21589995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589995" title="Gangōji Garan Engi">
Gangōji Garan Engi

, often abbreviated to Gangōji Garan Engi, is a Japanese Buddhist text. It is one volume in length and was compiled by an unnamed Buddhist monk in 747.
Contents.
The text is made up of four major sections. The first relates the early history of Japanese Buddhism. It states that in 538 King Seong of Baekje introduced Buddhism to Japan. It tells of a struggle between pro-Buddhist Soga no Iname and an anti-Buddhist faction. This is followed by the construction of several temples, including Gangō-ji from which the text takes its title.
The second and third sections reproduce the Asuka period stone inscriptions found on the tower finial as well as those found on a Buddhist statue.
The final section is a list of the temple assets. This includes population, rice paddies, and wells.
Importance.
The text is a primary source for early Buddhist history in Japan. Particularly well known is that the date given for the introduction of Buddhism from Baekje, 538, differs from that given in the "Nihon Shoki", 552. In addition, the reproduction of the stone inscriptions are considered valuable resource for the study of Old Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="21590002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590002" title="San Pedro, San Pablo">
San Pedro, San Pablo

Barangay San Pedro is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City, Philippines. It is located in the northern portion of the city and bounded by Brgy. San Lucas 2 and Brgy. Concepcion on south, Brgy. Sta. Maria Magdalena on west, Brgy. Dolores on north, and Brgy. Sta. Isabel on east.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21590008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590008" title="Vosburg">
Vosburg

Vosburg is a town 61 km west of Britstown, in the Northern Cape province of South Africa. The town has relatively low crime rate and features many 18th century buildings.
Town 100 km north-north-west of Victoria West, 70 km west of Britstown and 94 km north-east of Carnarvon. It was founded in 1895 and became a municipality in 1897. Named after the Vos family, who owned the farm on which it was laid out.
History.
The town was established on the farm "Processfontein" in 1895 and was named after Mr J Vos and the Van Rensburg family.

</doc>
<doc id="21590012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590012" title="Cytosis">
Cytosis

Cytosis is a transport mechanism for the movement of large quantities of molecules into and out of cells.
There are three main types of cytosis: Endocytosis, exocytosis, and transcytosis.
Endocytosis.
Endocytosis is when a cell absorbs molecules, such as proteins, from outside the cell by engulfing it with the cell membrane. It is used by most cells, because many critical substances are large polar molecules that cannot pass through the cell membrane. The two major types of endocytosis are pinocytosis and phagocytosis.
Exocytosis.
Exocytosis is when a cell directs the contents of secretory vesicles out of the cell membrane. The vesicles fuse with the cell membrane and their content, usually protein, is released out of the cell. There are two types of exocytosis: Constitutive secretion and Regulated secretion. In both of these types, a vesicle buds from the Golgi Apparatus and are shuttled to the plasma membrane to be exocytosed from the cell. Exocytosis of lysosomes commonly serves to repair damaged areas of the plasma membrane by replenishing the lipid bi-layer.
Transcytosis.
Transcytosis is a type of cytosis that allows particles to be shuttled from one membrane to another. An example of this would be when a receptor normally lies on the basal or lateral membrane of an epithelial cell, but needs to be trafficked to the apical side. This can only be done through transcytosis due to tight junctions, which prevent movement from one plasma membrane domain to another. This type of cytosis occurs commonly in epithelium, intestinal cells, and blood capillaries. Transcytosis can also be taken advantage of by pathogenic molecules and organisms. Several studies have shown that bacterium can easily enter intestinal lumen through transcytosis of goblet cells. Other studies, however, are exploring the idea that transcytosis may play a role in allowing medications to cross the blood-brain barrier. Exploiting this fact may allow certain drug therapies to be better utilized by the brain.
Methods of cytosis not only move substances in, out of, and through cells, but also add and subtract membrane from the cell's plasma membrane. The surface area of the membrane is determined by the balance of the two mechanisms and contribute to the homeostatic environment of the cell.

</doc>
<doc id="21590013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590013" title="Karuli">
Karuli

Karuli, or Karuli Piran, is a village of Kallar Kahar Tehsil, Chakwal District, Pakistan.It is located in a salt range near Motorway M-2 .
According to village history, the village is named for the time when a "pir" descendant of Sheikh Baha-ud-Din Zakariya, came to the area for a spiritual retreat. He rested near the Choa river, and used its waters to perform the Islamic cleansing rituals wadu at Karuli. 
The village has a population of about 10,000 people.
Geographical coordinates of Karuli are 32° 41' 0" North, 72° 47' 0" East. See Karuli on Google Earth

</doc>
<doc id="21590018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590018" title="Ayoub Rachane">
Ayoub Rachane

Ayoub Rachane (born 12 July 1988) is a Moroccan footballer who last plays for Yverdon-Sport FC.

</doc>
<doc id="21590026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590026" title="Glasgow Film Office">
Glasgow Film Office

Glasgow Film Office (GFO) is the film commission for Glasgow, Scotland's largest city and offers a free service to all productions wanting to film in the city. The office was established in 1997 for Glasgow City Council to support the logistical needs of film and television production.
In 1997, Glasgow City Council and Strathclyde Police signed the Film Charter for the City of Glasgow, which ensures that productions filming in the city have co-operation from filming liaison officers in Glasgow City Council departments and the Police. Glasgow Film Office can also provide location agreements for Council owned property and provide liaison with other statutory services and organisations.
GFO can also help find the right filming locations and have an online database.
In the past films such as "The Jacket", "The Last King of Scotland", "House of Mirth" and others have brought stars such as Morgan Freeman, Bob Hoskins, Keira Knightley, Gillian Anderson and Adrien Brody to the city while homegrown classics such as My Name Is Joe and Red Road generated critical acclaim. Programmes including "Taggart" and "Rebus", and advertisements for global companies like Sony and Vodafone, have placed the locations of Glasgow on the world map.

</doc>
<doc id="21590031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590031" title="1989 All-Pro Team">
1989 All-Pro Team

The 1989 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly and The Sporting News in 1989. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League".
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21590049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590049" title="Alice (1984 album)">
Alice (1984 album)

Alice is a compilation album of recordings by Italian singer-songwriter Alice, released by CGD in 1984.
The "Alice" compilation was released by Warner Music's Italian sublabel CGD after Alice had signed with EMI and had had her commercial breakthrough after winning the Sanremo Music Festival with the song "Per Elisa" in 1981. The twelve track set comprises material recorded for the CBS Records label for the albums "La mia poca grande età" and "Cosa resta... Un fiore" under her then stage name Alice Visconti, originally issued in 1975 and 1977 respectively. "Alice" was first released on vinyl in 1984, re-released on CD in 1988 and remains in print.
The "Alice" compilation is not to be confused with a similar eponymously titled compilation released by EMI in 1986.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="21590051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590051" title="Földi">
Földi

Földi or Foldi is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21590054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590054" title="EuroPharm Forum">
EuroPharm Forum

The EuroPharm Forum (European Forum of National Pharmaceutical Associations) is a network of national pharmaceutical associations in Europe, in collaboration with the World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe. It was established in 1992 as a professional forum with a strong link to the WHO.
From the beginning in 1992, the EuroPharm Forum was hosted by the WHO Regional Office for Europe. In 2006, the secretariat was relocated to Pharmakon—Danish College of Pharmacy Practice where it is still maintained.
The Forum organises professional symposia, usually twice annually: in connection with the conduct of the General Assembly and again approximately mid-term.
Membership.
Members consist of national pharmaceutical organizations within the WHO European Region from the following countries: Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Latvia, Macedonia, Moldova, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Turkey, and the United Kingdom.
Observers.
A number of organisations not fulfilling the criteria for membership have been granted observer status, including the World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe, International Pharmaceutical Federation (FIP), Pharmaceutical Group of the European Union (PGEU), Pharmaceutical Care Network Europe (PCNE), European Society of Clinical Pharmacy (ESCP), European Association of Hospital Pharmacists (EAHP), European Association of Faculties of Pharmacy (EAFP), European Pharmaceutical Students Association (EPSA), European Forum of Medical Associations and WHO (EFMA), and the European Forum of National Nursing and Midwifery Associations and WHO (EFNNMA).

</doc>
<doc id="21590058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590058" title="Stadionul Municipal (Dorohoi)">
Stadionul Municipal (Dorohoi)

Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Dorohoi. It is the home ground of FCM Dorohoi. It holds 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="21590059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590059" title="Jakovica">
Jakovica

Jakovica () is a small village west of Laze in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Michael and belongs to the Parish of Planina. A small chapel, built at the source of an artesian spring believed to have healing properties, particularly for various eye diseases and disorders, is dedicated to the Virgin Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="21590063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590063" title="Stadionul Cimentul">
Stadionul Cimentul

Cimentul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Fieni. It was the home ground of the defunct Cimentul Fieni. It holds 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="21590081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590081" title="Parakramabahu VI of Kotte">
Parakramabahu VI of Kotte

Parâkramabâhu VI (1410/1412/1415–1467) was a king in the Sri Lankan kingdom of Kotte. He is the last great Sri Lankan king to have united the whole island of Sri Lanka under one flag. His rule is famous for the political stability which he maintained in that time period and the thriving of literature, especially poetry. Classical literature (prose and verse) as well as many rock inscriptions and royal grant letters (patent letters, "sannas") have been found, rendering much information pertaining to this period.
Early life.
Despite the fact that there is much information (as mentioned before) on the late period of his rule, there is meagre details found on his former life. How he came to power preceding whom, is yet unknown.
His mother was Sunethra Maha Devi. His father was Lameni Jayamahalena (Prince Jayakahalena), a lord.
If so, he is the grandson of Prince Parakramabahu, who was Savulu Vijayabahu's son. Savulu Vijayabahu is the fifth to go by that name. His son Parakramabahu is the one who ruled the country, from Dedigama. Another scholar says that Jayamahalena was the grandfather of Parakramabahu. However, he is supposed to belong to the family, that came after Parakramabahu V.
Coronation.
Although most sources say 1415 as his year of coronation, they also say that he coroneted after ruling three years from Raigama. Saddarmalakaraya says the coronation was in 1410. Parakramabahu VI's queen's name is Swarnamanikya or Ranmenika. A new palace was built in Jayawardane-pura Kotte. A 'Temple of the Tooth' was also constructed.
Rule.
King Parakramabahu VI suppressed the revolts in Malayarata. The chiefs of Vanni who wielded power there, were defeated by this king.
In 1435, a south Indian invasion from the Vijayanagara Empire, is recorded. Sri Lankn sources say that the king thwarted the invasion successfully but south Indian records contradict this. Soon after this time, king Parâkramabâhu VI directed a naval attack to south Indian ports, resulting from a dispute that arose after the incident of steeling of a cargo ship by an Indian called Rayan Malavar. This was around the year 1443.
Conquering Yapa Patuna.
This battle was led by king Parâkramabâhu VI's adopted son, Prince Sapumal (Sembagapperumal). Selalihini Sandeshaya records how prince returned from after winning the Yapa Patuna (Jaffna). This is around year 1449. The king took advantage from the fact that AryaChakravarthi could no longer get military assistance from Vijayanagara. As troops advanced across Mannar to Jaffna by land, naval forces must have cut south Indian assistance by patrolling the Pork Strait. First fearce battle happened in JavaKotte near Elephant pass. Later Jaffna was attacked and Arya chakravarthi was forced to retreat to India.
Demise.
In year 1463, there was a rebellion in the hill country and Sena sammatha Wikramabahu became king of Senkadagala. The king died in 1467. And his grand son Jayabahu became king. But this was followed by much political turmoil. The stability of king Parâkramabâhu VI would not return for centuries to come.
Contribution to literature.
He also played a main role in the contribution to literature. Books such as,"Visuddhi Magga Sanaya", "Besajja Manjusawa" and "Samotha Kuta Varnana" were written by him. King Parakramabahu VI showed a great interest in literature and arts and therefore should be credited for all of his works, as the above mentioned books play a main role in Sinhala Sahithya. Also the offering of Royal favour is influenced to flourish of Sinhalese Literature. His period is considered as the Golden Era in Sinhalese Literature. That was the heyday of 'Sandesha Poetry.'
Contribution to Buddhism.
He had built a 'Dalada Maligawa' which imbuded with 3 floors for reposing the tooth relic.So also he constructed a Greatest monument having honour of his mother called 'Papiliyane Sunethradevi Piriwena'.
References.
1. Shrilankave Ithihasaya, Department of educational publications, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="21590093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590093" title="Singapore Sun Festival">
Singapore Sun Festival

The Singapore Sun Festival is an annual music and life-style festival that runs over ten days and takes place in multiple venues across Singapore. The festival encompasses music, visual art, wine, cuisine, film, literature and wellness. 
History.
Founded in 2007, it follows in the footsteps of the Tuscan Sun Festival, founded in 2003 by Barrett Wissman, cellist Nina Kotova and writer Frances Mayes. In the years since its foundation, it has featured performers from around the world, including Joan Chen, Geoffrey Rush, Elvis Costello, Al Jarreau, Deepak Chopra and more. 

</doc>
<doc id="21590094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590094" title="Stadionul FC Oneşti">
Stadionul FC Oneşti

image =
FC Oneşti Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Oneşti. It was the home ground of the defunct FC Oneşti. It holds 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="21590102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590102" title="1992 WTA Tour">
1992 WTA Tour

The WTA Tour is the elite tour for professional women's tennis organised by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). The WTA Tour includes the four Grand Slam tournaments, the WTA Tour Championships and the WTA Tier I, Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV events. ITF tournaments are not part of the WTA Tour, although they award points for the WTA World Ranking.
Schedule.
Statistical Information.
List of players and titles won, last name alphabetically:
The following players won their first title:
Rankings.
Below are the 1992 WTA year-end rankings (November 23, 1992) in both singles and doubles competition:

</doc>
<doc id="21590103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590103" title="William Harding le Riche">
William Harding le Riche

William Harding le Riche was a South African–born Canadian epidemiologist.
Introduction.
BSc., MB.ChB., MD, M.P.H., FRCPC, FACP,Professor of Epidemiology (emeritus), University of Toronto since 1982
Born in Dewetsdorp, Orange Free State, Republic of South Africa, 21 March 1916
Died in Toronto, Canada, 31 December 2010
Son of Joseph Daniel and Georgina Henrietta Guest (Harding) le Riche
Educated at University of the Witwatersrand.B.Sc. 1936, MB.ChB. 1943, MD 1949
Carnegie Research Grant, Bureau for Education and Social Research, Pretoria 1937-1939
Harvard University (Rockefeller fellowship) M.P.H. (cum laude) 1949-50
Married Margaret Cardross Grant, daughter of late Rev. Arthur Cardross Grant and Amy A.A. (Edmonds) Grant, on 11 December 1943
"Children:" Jenny Harding, Robert Harding, Nicole Georgina Harding, Giles Harding and Claire Alison Harding
Internship.
Zulu McCord Hospital, Durban 1944. Appointed by Union Health Department to Health Centre Service firstly at Pholela, Natal and later (1945) established first Health Centre for Whites and Eurafricans at Knysna, South Africa. 1945-1949.
Employment.
Epidemiologist Union (Fed) Health Department, South Africa 1950-1952
Consultant in Epidemiology, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa (worked on background report of Canadian Sickness Survey 1952-1954.
Research Medical Officer, Physicians Service Inc. Toronto, Ontario 1954-1957
Appointed to staff of Department of Public Health, School of Hygiene, University of Toronto 1959
Professor and Head of Department of Epidemiology, University of Toronto, 1962-1975.
Professor of Epidemiology, Department of Preventive Medicine, 1975–1982
Professor Emeritus since 1982
In reference to his higher qualifications, the MD was by thesis: Studies in Health, Growth and Nutrition.
The FRCPC was in the area of Medical Science 1973.
The F.A.C.P. was in Preventive Medicine
His research interests are wide. In 1936 he and Dr G. Schepers took the famous paleontologist, Doctor Robert Broom, to the Sterkfontein caves, near Johannesburg, South Africa, where Broom made important discoveries of hominid fossils, "Australopithecus africanus".
Publications.
Le Riche wrote a substantial number of scientific papers, letters-to-the-editor, chapters in books and books and articles. Publications of interest include the following:
1. Physique and Nutrition, 158pp. SA Council for Education and Social Research. Van Schaik. Pretoria 1940
2. A Health Survey of African children in Alexandra Township. 3510 cases. University of the Witwatersrand Press. 1943
This work was undertaken at the request of Mr. Humphrey Raikes,
Principle of the University
3. With Dr. S.L. Kark: A Somatometric Study of S.A. Bantu School Children (6,443 cases) part of a study on Nutrition and Health of Bantu School Children Manpower 31.2-140 Pretoria. 1944
4. Smallpox Control in the Swartkop Native Location. Clinical Proceedings 4:280-283. 1944
The smallpox outbreak was controlled by vaccinating people in their homes. This method was used by The World Health Organization to eliminate smallpox from the world, finally reported in 1980. 
5. Various reports on disease incidence in insured populations were prepared for Physicians Services Inc. The data were found useful by number of American insurance companies
6. In the sixties he produced a number of papers on clinical trials of pharmaceuticals. This is now called “clinical epidemiology".
7. With collaborators: The Control of Infections in Hospitals with special reference to a Survey in Ontario, University of Toronto Press. 341 pp. 1966
8. “World Incidence and Prevalence of the major Communicable Disease. Edited by Gordon Wolstenholme and Maeve O’Connor. J and A
Churchill. London 1967.
9. “Epidemiology and Method of spread of Viral Infections”. In Textbook of Virology by Rhodes A.J. and Van Rooyen, C.E. 5th Edition 1968 Williams and Wilkins Co. Baltimore pp 168–187
10. With collaborators. People look at Doctors. The Sunnybrook Health Attitude Study. Published by Department of Family and Community Medicine. Sunnybrook Hospital 1971
11. With Milner J., Epidemiology as Medical Ecology. Churchill-Livingstone, London 460 pp. 1971.
12. Medical Science, pp 101–109 in Calder, Nigel. Nature in the Round. A Guide to Environmental Science. Weidenfeld and Nicholson London, 1973.
13. The Complete Family Book of Nutrition Meal Planning. Hume Publishing Company, Don Mills 1976 pp 242.
14. A Chemical Feast, Fact on File Publications, New York 1982
15. The Bottom Line pp 231–246 in Robert Lanza, Editors. One World. The Health and Survival of the Human Species in the 21st Century Health Press, Santa Fe, New Mexico 1996
Professional positions and appointments.
In his University teaching he saw epidemiology as a broad comprehensive subject studying the determinants of disease. From this point of view epidemiology includes the basic medical sciences, microbiology, environmental chemistry and clinical medicine. However by 1975, in the English speaking academic world, epidemiology had become a narrow statistical subject, involved mainly with analysis and past epidemic surveys and clinical trials. The Department of Epidemiology and Biometrics grew and M.Sc. and Ph.D. Programs were developed.
Between 1950 and 1980 the pundits were claiming antibiotics would solve the problems of most infectious disease. The fact that bacteria develop resistance to medicaments was not considered. In 1973 le Riche and Dr. Michael Lenczner raised the importance of infectious and tropical disease imported into Canada by travellers, immigrants and refugees. Governments were not interested in these situations.
By 1981 it became clear that AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome) was a serious infectious disease.
In 1953 he received a part-time commission in the Canadian Armed Forces, serving in the 23rd Field Ambulance, under Lieut. Col. David Thompson in Ottawa. In 1968 he became a member of the Defence Research Board and for many years he was Consultant on preventive medicine to the Defence Medical Council.
Outside the University he served on many committees including those of the Ontario Medical Association and the Canadian Medical Association.
During 1966-72 he was on the Metropolitan Toronto Hospital Planning Council under the chairmanship of Dr. H. Hoyle Campbell, plastic surgeon, who with Dr. Shouldice, pioneered outpatient surgery in Toronto. Some of the excellent recommendations of the Council were carried out in 1998 and 1999.
For many years he served as the Medical Research Council Associate Committee on Hospital Infections, Chairman Professor E.G.D. Murray. As a result of this association the book on “The Control of Infections in Hospitals” was published in 1966.
Other committees were the Professional Education Committee of the American Public Health Association, Examiners Committee, Public Health and Preventive Medicine, Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, Nursing Research Committee, Ontario Council of Health Care 1969, Physicians Services Inc. Research Grants Committee, Second International Conference on Agriculture, University of Reading, England, Committee, Canadian Cancer Research Foundation, Committee on Acupuncture, Ontario Council of Health, Report on Reorganization of the City of Toronto Health Department. He was Chairman of the Canadian Society for Tropical Medicine and International Health 1976-1978. He was a member of the Committee on Preventive Medicine, Medical Council of Canada.
In the University he was on the Planning Strategy Committee, Planning and Priorities Subcommittee, and many others.
Research on Medical Care included surveys on the work of Medical Officers of Health in Ontario, and the work of Optometrists and Ophthalmologists in Ontario.
For a few weeks he was visiting professor, Wayne County Medical School, Detroit and Distinguished Lecturer at Dalhousie Medical School.
In 1956 he first appeared with Dr. Arthur Kelly, Canadian Medical Association on a television program. This was the beginning of a 25-year career in radio, television and the daily press, which covered many aspects of health care, nutrition and communicable diseases, and medical politics. He became a good communicator, and public speaker. His academic interests were nutrition, infections, populations, and environmental destruction.
He was a Fellow of the American Public Health Association and Fellow of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine. For 18 years he was on the part-time staff of the Department of Family Practice and Extended Care at Sunnybrook Hospital.
He was awarded the Defries medal and granted Honorary Membership of the Canadian Public Health Association. He became a Life Member of the Ontario Medical Association and was granted Senior Membership of The Canadian Medical Association.
Personal.
His hobbies, at various time of his life included camping, photography, and he rode regularly until the age of 70. Both he and his wife Margaret, are interested in music, opera and live theatre. They attend St. Timothy’s Anglican Church, Toronto, ON

</doc>
<doc id="21590105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590105" title="Velapene Screen">
Velapene Screen

Velapene Screen or simply Velapene is an electronic musician, Chris Ghiraldi. based in Los Angeles, New York and more recently Las Vegas. Velapene began releasing electronic music officially at the age of 24. However, he purchased his first drum machine at the age of 14. Known for his carefully crafted and meticulously edited songs Chris has appeared alongside some of today's finest upcoming musicians.
Following his second release, Velapene won the Philly Laptop Battle in 2004 and the New York City Laptop Battle in 2006, which received attention from Rolling Stone.
Velapene has remixed artists including Interpol, Meat Beat Manifesto, Radiohead, Casxio, Metric and Regina Spektor.
Discography.
Remixes:
Tracks Appear On:
Other Careers.
In addition to his music career Ghiraldi has shown and sold his own art at respected galleries in both New York and Los Angeles.
Academic and Personal Life.
Velapene Screen attended college with musicians and close friends Regina Spektor and Only Son aka Jack Dishel, former member of The Moldy Peaches.
Velapene Screen is married to Team Natalie.

</doc>
<doc id="21590125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590125" title="1991 WTA Tour">
1991 WTA Tour

The WTA Tour is the elite tour for professional women's tennis organised by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). The WTA Tour includes the four Grand Slam tournaments, the WTA Tour Championships and the WTA Tier I, Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV events. ITF tournaments are not part of the WTA Tour, although they award points for the WTA World Ranking.
Rankings.
Below are the 1991 WTA year-end rankings (November 25, 1991) in both singles and doubles competition:

</doc>
<doc id="21590126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590126" title="Eiconaxius albatrossae">
Eiconaxius albatrossae

Eiconaxius albatrossae is a species of mud lobster from the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="21590131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590131" title="1990 WTA Tour">
1990 WTA Tour

The 1990 WTA Tour is the elite professional tennis circuit organized by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) for the 1990 tennis season. The 1990 WTA Tour calendar comprises the four Grand Slam tournaments, the WTA Tour Championships and the WTA Tier I, Tier II, Tier III, Tier IV and Tier V events. ITF tournaments are not part of the WTA Tour, although they award points for the WTA World Ranking.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 1990 calendar, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage.
Rankings.
Below are the 1990 WTA year-end rankings (November 26, 1990) in both singles and doubles competition:

</doc>
<doc id="21590137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590137" title="Eiconaxius cristagalli">
Eiconaxius cristagalli

Eiconaxius cristagalli is a species of mud lobster from the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="21590142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590142" title="Zermizinga sinuata">
Zermizinga sinuata

The Lucerne Looper, Zermizinga sinuata, is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
The larvae feed on Fabaceae species, such as "Lotus cruentus" and "Medicago sativa". They have also been found on "Mentha spicata" and "Pinus radiata". 

</doc>
<doc id="21590145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590145" title="1989 WTA Tour">
1989 WTA Tour

The WTA Tour is the elite tour for professional women's tennis organised by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). The WTA Tour includes the four Grand Slam tournaments, the WTA Tour Championships and the WTA Tier I, Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV events. ITF tournaments are not part of the WTA Tour, although they award points for the WTA World Ranking.
Schedule.
The table below shows the 1989 WTA Tour schedule.
Statistical Information.
List of players and titles won, last name alphabetically:
The following players won their first title:
Rankings.
Below are the 1989 WTA year-end rankings (November 26, 1989) in both singles and doubles competition:

</doc>
<doc id="21590149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590149" title="Saudi Industrial Property Authority">
Saudi Industrial Property Authority

Saudi Industrial Property Authority (MODON) was created by the Government of Saudi Arabia in 2001 through legislation by a Royal Decree. Its mission, as an independent public agency, is the regulation and promotion of Industrial Estates and Technology Zones in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on both public and private industrial lands; and to encourage the private sector to become involved in the development, operation and maintenance of Industrial Estates. MODON’s larger goal is to have a Saudi industry capable to compete locally and globally.
Industrial Cities.
Existing Industrial Cities.
MODON has set up 14 industrial cities and oversees the organization of these cities spread over various regions of the Kingdom on a total area of approximately 237 million square meters in Riyadh, Jeddah, Dammam, Makkah, Qassim, Al-Ahsa, Madinah, Assir, Al Jouf, Tabuk, Hail and Najran. The investments in these cities exceed 200 billion riyals ($.53.33 billion) and more than 300 thousand workers are employed.
Industrial Cities under development.
MODON is developing new industrial cities in Sudair, Jazan, Ar’ar, Al-Kharj, Al-Gurayaat, Zulfi, Al-Baha and a second industrial estate in Jeddah. Also, MODON is re-developing existing industrial cities, as well as building model factories.
MODON is also establishing industrial cities in the reformatories of Al-Ha'er and Jeddah in cooperation with the Public Administration of Prisons.
Technology Zones.
Technology zones are known around the world as Science Parks, Technology Parks, Research Parks, Techno-polis, or Innovation Centers. The term technology zone usually denotes a focus on technology, innovation, and tenant companies’ involvement in knowledge-based activities.
The International Association of Science Parks defines a science park as:
Technology zones are designed to facilitate the production and commercialization of advanced technologies by forging synergies among research centers, education institutions, and technology-based companies. Tenants of technology zones are mostly small companies pursuing an ambitious growth strategy based on the development and commercialization of new technology. Large and multinational companies are usually attracted to these zones as anchor tenants. To facilitate the successful commercialization of new technology in the market place, technology zone provide:
By aiding the growth of tenant companies, technology zones play a significant role in the development of local economies. They help create high-tech industries, jobs, attract foreign capital, and increase local and national competitiveness. This developmental role is particularly important in transition economies, which must absorb a great deal of structural unemployment and "catch-up" with rapid technological developments in the global economy.
MODON achievements.
Enterprise Business Solutions contract with the Saudi Telecom Company to provide the industrial cities with the latest technical services and an integrated security system for the protection of those cities through 24-hour surveillance using advanced technical methods, and the work is in progress. The existing industrial cities will become smart industrial cities upon completion of this project. 
Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) contracts for the provision of water in the industrial cities of Jeddah, Riyadh, Al-Qassim, Dammam and Al-Ahsa. The specialty of this product is to provide vital water to the industrial cities at very competitive prices.
Transmission of electricity to the industrial cities.
"District Cooling" project, in Jeddah 2nd industrial city, as the first project of its kind in the industrial cities, characterized with less energy consumption, lower cost and less pollution of the environment.
Project Management System (PMS), a sophisticated electronic system to manage MODON’s property and facilitate the allocation of industrial lands. 
Security Services project to provide security services in the industrial cities round the clock. Approximately 240 employees are working on the project.
Sudair Industrial City.
This will be the biggest project upon completion. It will change the concept of industrial cities. It will be totally integrated urban city reflecting the new outlook of MODON and will be an industrial success. The Sudair Industrial City will be provided with all integrated services, both key services such as water and energy, and support services such as housing, education, business and recreation centers, research centers and transportation, among others. MODON has already appointed an internationally renowned company specializing in planning as consultancy to design the concept of this city.
Strategically located on a highway between Riyadh and Al-Qassim, it will occupy an area of 257 million square meters and would be a complete city, which will help the people of the Sudair region. Development of this city is to start in 2009.
Director Generals of MODON.
Tawfiq Al Rabiah was director general of MODON from April 2007 to January 2012. Saleh Al Rasheed has been the Acting Director General since December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21590151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590151" title="Lawrence Paul Horwitz">
Lawrence Paul Horwitz

Lawrence Paul Horwitz (born October 14, 1930) is an American/Israeli physicist and mathematician who has made contributions in particle physics, statistical mechanics, mathematical physics, theory of unstable systems, classical chaos and quantum chaos, relativistic quantum mechanics, quantum field theory, general relativity, representations of quantum theory on hypercomplex Hilbert modules, group theory and functional analysis and stochastic theories of irreversible quantum evolution.
After obtaining his Ph.D. at Harvard University under Julian Schwinger, he worked at the IBM Research Laboratory in Yorktown, New York until 1964. He then worked at the Department of Theoretical Physics at the University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland, until 1966, and became full professor at the Department of Physics, University of Denver, Denver, Colorado.
He has been Full Professor at the School of Physics, Tel Aviv University since 1972 (Professor Emeritus since 1998), and teaching externally as well at Bar Ilan University from 1990. He has been participating as well in research at the Ariel University Center of Samaria, in the Israeli settlement of Ariel in the West Bank.
He has been on the editorial and advisory boards and standing committees for several conferences on mathematical and theoretical physics and journals, and on the Panel of Assessors ARC, Australian National Funding DEET.
He has made frequent visits, long and short term, at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey, the Department of Theoretical Physics, University of Geneva, CERN (Geneva), University of Connecticut (Storrs, Connecticut), ETH (Honggerberg, Zurich), Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques (Bures-sur-Yvette, France), and the Ilya Prigogine Center for Statistical Mechanics and Complex Systems, University of Texas at Austin, USA.
Research and achievements.
He received the Samuel F.B. Morse Medal upon graduation (summa cum laude) from NYU, and was a member of Sigma Pi Sigma and Tau Beta Pi. He received a National Science Foundation Fellowship 52–53 and was a Shell Oil Fellow 56–57 at Harvard University. Three issues of "Foundations of Physics" were dedicated to him on the occasion of his 65 birthday ["Foundations of Physics" 26 (1996)1575–1739, 27(1997) 1–134, and 27(1997) 135–332]. He received an Outstanding Referee Award from the American Physical Society in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21590154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590154" title="1988 WTA Tour">
1988 WTA Tour

The WTA Tour is the elite tour for professional women's tennis organised by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). The WTA Tour includes the four Grand Slam tournaments, the WTA Tour Championships and the WTA Tier I, Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV events. ITF tournaments are not part of the WTA Tour, although they award points for the WTA World Ranking.
Schedule.
The table below shows the 1988 WTA Tour schedule.
Statistical Information.
Titles won by player.
These tables present the number of singles (S), doubles (D), and mixed doubles (X) titles won by each player and each nation during the season, within all the tournament categories of the 1988 WTA Tour: the Grand Slam tournaments, the Year-end championships and regular WTA tour events. The players/nations are sorted by:
1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation);

</doc>
<doc id="21590166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590166" title="Primorskaya railway">
Primorskaya railway

Primorskaya railway was located near Saint Peterburg and it lay on the route Saint Peterburg, Sestroretsk, Beloostrov. 
The railway was served by steam locomotives from the moment of opening and before joining to Oktyabrskaya railway in 1925.
Joint-stock company.
Many articles refer to the "Joint-stock company of the Prinorskaya St.-Peterburg-Sestroretsk railway". It is not known whether the misspelling of Primorskaya actually appeared in the company's title. The title implies that the western terminus of the railway was intended to be Primorsk but it did not reach Primorsk within the lifetime of the company.
Construction.
The line was constructed in three parts:
The route of the line in the Saint Petersburg area is difficult to follow because various changes were made between 1894 and 1928. Of particular note was the closure of Primorsky Rail Terminal (due to flooding) in 1924 and the re-routing of trains to Finlyandsky Rail Terminal.
Technical stops.
For technical needs and for travel of trains technical stops were necessary.
Rolling stock.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, steam tram engines were used, as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21590167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590167" title="Psilosticha mactaria">
Psilosticha mactaria

Psilosticha mactaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New South Wales and Tasmania. 

</doc>
<doc id="21590177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590177" title="Kamwandu">
Kamwandu

Kamwandu is a town in central Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the national railway network.

</doc>
<doc id="21590198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590198" title="Scioglyptis loxographa">
Scioglyptis loxographa

Scioglyptis loxographa is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania. 

</doc>
<doc id="21590215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590215" title="Kalce, Logatec">
Kalce, Logatec

Kalce is a settlement southwest of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Cultural heritage.
Near the village is the Lanišče Roman fortress, a restored part of the Roman "Claustra Alpium luliarum" system of northern defence walls and fortresses. Archaeological excavations in the 1960s determined that it was in use in the late 4th century AD and was probably destroyed during the war between Magnus Maximus and Theodosius in 388.
Mass grave.
Kalce is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Repiše Shaft Mass Grave () is located in a shaft with a small entrance southeast of the settlement. The remains of two unknown victims were discovered in the shaft, covered by a large amount of rock that had been thrown in.

</doc>
<doc id="21590222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590222" title="Margaret River (Kimberley)">
Margaret River (Kimberley)

The Margaret River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.
The river was named on 29 May 1879 by the explorer Alexander Forrest, during an expedition in the Kimberley area, after his sister-in-law Margaret Elvire Forrest, wife of his brother John Forrest, who was later to be Premier of Western Australia.
The headwaters of the river rise in the King Leopold Range West of Halls Creek and flows in a westerly until it merges with the Fitzroy River of which it is a tributary. The junction of the two rivers is close to Fitzroy Crossing. The Margaret River has 15 tributaries including; Mary River, Gliddon River, O'Donnell River, Leopold River, Louisa River, Station Creek, Dead Horse Creek, Gidgia Creek and Boab Creek.
The state Public Works Department set up a flow monitoring station on the Margaret River at the entrance of the gorge where it enters the Mueller Ranges in 1966. Debate continues about the use of the Fitzroy River basin as a water source for the South West of Western Australia.
Fish such as the Barramundi, Freshwater Sawfish, Greenway's grunter and the False-spine Catfish have all been found within the river system.
The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the "Djaru", "Kitja" and "Konejandi" peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="21590230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590230" title="Mount Meigs Campus">
Mount Meigs Campus

The Mount Meigs Campus is a juvenile corrections facility of the Alabama Department of Youth Services located in Mount Meigs, unincorporated Montgomery County; the campus serves as the agency's administrative headquarters. The campus, which can house 264 boys, is next to Interstate 85 North and about east of Downtown Montgomery.
The campus opened in 1911 as the Alabama Reform School for Juvenile Negro Law-Breakers, was changed to the Alabama Industrial School for Negro Children in 1947, and to the Alabama Industrial School in 1970.
History.
On March 27, 1915, the Hampton Institute Camera Club, known for its illustrations of Paul Laurence Dunbar poetry, staged a photo sale for the benefit of the Mt. Meigs school. The sale raised funds for four five-dollar scholarships for day students. A Hampton graduate managed the Mt. Meigs school, which was considered "an outgrowth" of Hampton.
Earlier in its life, its capacity was 312 boys.
There was controversy, in April 2008, when parent Glenn Herrmann said authorities surrounded his Randolph County home and accused him of helping his son break free at the Mount Meigs Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="21590243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590243" title="Los Compadres">
Los Compadres

Los Compadres was a famous Cuban trova duo formed by Lorenzo Hierrezuelo in 1947. At the time Lorenzo had a singing duo with María Teresa Vera, and this partnership continued alongside the new venture. His first partner in "Los Compadres" was Compay Segundo (a famous trova singer and guitarist in his own right), who became the second voice and tres player of the duo. Later, when Compay Segundo moved on, Lorenzo formed up with his brother, Rey Caney, keeping the same name for the duo. Both partnerships made many recordings and toured widely in Latin America and the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="21590244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590244" title="Robert Vanasek">
Robert Vanasek

Robert Vanasek (born April 2, 1949) is a Minnesota politician and a former member and Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A Democrat, he was first elected to the House in 1972 at just 23 years of age, and was re-elected every two years from 1974 to 1990. He represented the old districts 24A and 25A, which included portions of Dakota, Le Sueur, Rice and Scott counties in the southeastern part of the state.
Education background.
Vanasek graduated from New Prague High School in New Prague, and received a B.A. in political science from the University of Minnesota. He went on to receive his M.A. in public administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1985 through a Bush Foundation Fellowship. He also attended William Mitchell College of Law in Saint Paul.
Legislative and professional leadership.
While in the legislature, Vanasek served as chair of the House Criminal Justice and Judiciary committees, the Rules and Legislative Administration Committee, and the Ways and Means Committee. He was an assistant majority leader from 1979–1985, and, briefly, majority leader in 1987.
Vanasek became Speaker in 1987, after the resignation of Fred Norton, who was appointed to the Minnesota Court of Appeals by Governor Rudy Perpich. He served as Speaker until 1992, when he left the legislature to become executive director of the Minnesota High Technology Council, a private organization, until 1995. He was vice president of public affairs at Metropolitan State University from 1995–1999.
Vanasek has run Robert Vanasek & Associates since 1999, and is currently a lobbyist for a variety of organizations. He is also a member of the board of directors of Minnesota's Private Colleges.
Honorary consul of the Czech Republic.
Vanasek was installed as the new honorary consul of the Czech Republic for the four-state area of Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota and South Dakota on September 19, 2009, by Czech Ambassador Petr Kolar. The Czech Republic maintains 14 consulates in the United States, and 166 worldwide. The Czech honorary consulate joins some 30 other such honorary and official consulates with jurisdiction in the state of Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="21590246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590246" title="Lavrovec">
Lavrovec

Lavrovec is a small dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Žiri in Slovenia. It lies in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region.

</doc>
<doc id="21590271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590271" title="François Valentiny">
François Valentiny

François Valentiny (born 1953 in Remerschen, Luxembourg) is a Luxembourgish architect.
Biography.
François Valentiny was born in 1953 in Remerschen, Luxembourg. Between 1975 and 1980 he studied architecture at the Ecole d’Architecture de Nancy and the University of Applied Arts Vienna.
In 1980 he completed his studies with the title “Magister architecturae” in the master class of Prof. Holzbauer at the University of Applied Arts Vienna and was awarded a scholarship by the Federal Ministry for Science and Research, Vienna. He also became an assistant at the International Summer Academy in Salzburg. In the same year, he formed a partnership with Hubert Hermann, founding the architects’ office Hermann & Valentiny in Luxembourg and Vienna.
From 1987 to 1992 he was a visiting lecturer at the Department of Architecture, University of Applied Sciences, Trier and in 1991 he became Luxembourg’s first representative at the Venice Biennale of Architecture
From 1991 to 1994 he was a member of the design advisory committee to the City of Salzburg and from 1997 to 2006 he was a member of the architecture and urban advisory committee of the City of Trier and from 2000 to 2005, member of the advisory committee to the German Architecture Museum at Frankfurt. In 1997 he founded Hermann & Valentiny et Associés SARL.
Between 2000 and 2003 he was substitute professor at the University of Applied Sciences at Leipzig and in 2002 founded and published the first Luxembourg architecture magazine "Adato".
From 2003 to 2007 he was a member of the administration committee of the Fondation de l’Architecture et de l’Ingénierie in Luxembourg and in both 2004 and 2006 was Luxembourg’s commissioner for the Venice Architecture Biennale.
He was made Président of the Fondation de l’Architecture et de l’Ingénierie in Luxembourg for the year 2006/2007 and in 2006 was awarded the "Decoration of Honour in Gold" for Services to the Republic of Austria (= 9th Class). In 2008 he was honoured for his overall architectural work in the Grand Duchy and abroad and received the Luxembourg Architecture Prize 2007 and in 2009 became a member of the "Academia Scientiarum et Artium Europaea" in Salzburg, Austria.
Since 2011 he has been a Master of Community Planning and Green Architectural Design with The Beijing DeTao Masters Academy (DTMA), a high-level, multi-disciplined, application-oriented higher education institution in Shanghai, China.
2011 co-founder of the Festival "Musica em in Trancoso - MeT" and architect of the amphitheater in the canyon of Trancoso, Bahia, Brasilien
2012 member of the jury for the award of the Belgian Steel Design Award "Concours Construction Acier 2012 - Belgium" 
2012 renaming of the company in Valentiny hvp architects Sarl, (L)
Competitions.
2000
2003
2004
2005
2007

</doc>
<doc id="21590293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590293" title="Lysons">
Lysons

Lysons is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21590298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590298" title="Gilles de Paris (bishop)">
Gilles de Paris (bishop)

Gilles de Paris (died ca. 1139–1142) was a Cardinal-Bishop of Tusculum from 1123 until 1139.
He was born in Toucy and became archdeacon at Paris. In 1119 he entered the monastery of Cluny. Pope Callixtus II created him cardinal-bishop of Tusculum probably in March 1123 (or in December 1122). He served as papal legate in Poland and Hungary in the 1120s but the exact time of this legation is uncertain (1123–24 or 1125–27). Then he was legate in Outremer from 1129–1130. He did not participate in the double papal election, 1130, but on his return from Syria he gave his support to antipope Anacletus II. In the following years he served as his legate in France. After the death of Anacletus he reconciled with Pope Innocent II, who restored him to the dignity of Cardinal on 29 May 1138. However, during the Second Lateran Council in April 1139 he was deposed again together with the other former adherents of the antipope. He died no later than at the beginning of 1142.

</doc>
<doc id="21590301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590301" title="Laze, Logatec">
Laze, Logatec

Laze () is a village south of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Unmarked grave.
Laze is the site of an unmarked grave from the period after the Second World War. The Logarček Shaft Grave () is located in the woods between Laze and the freeway, about northwest of the overpass. It contained the remains of a Slovene civilian victim of the December 1945 postwar killings. The remains were removed from the grave under unknown circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="21590307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590307" title="James Ashmore">
James Ashmore

James Ashmore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21590329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590329" title="Postfoundationalism">
Postfoundationalism

Postfoundationalism is a theory of epistemology denoting a rejection of an assumed or given authority for a specific action or belief, but arguing, in dialectical fashion, for a rationale for action or belief. The term was originally used in philosophical theology, although since that time it has been used in wider philosophical discourse.

</doc>
<doc id="21590342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590342" title="Detmold (packaging)">
Detmold (packaging)

The Detmold Packaging Group is a privately owned paper and board packaging company established in Adelaide, Australia by Colin Detmold in 1948. The company has more than $366 million a year in turnover and employs over 3,000 workers in manufacturing operations in South Australia, China, Indonesia, Singapore and South Africa. The group consists of several divisions" Detpak,
Detpak.
Detpak is the sales and marketing arm of Detmold Packaging, concentrating on the food service industry, The division expanded from its base in Australia in the mid 1980s and now has offices in North Asia, South East Asia, the Middle East, South Africa, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The division supplies food packaging products to clients such as McDonalds, KFC, Subway and Starbucks in addition to smaller restaurants and coffee shops.
Detpak has bought product innovations to the packaging market., including the "Ripple-Wrap" Hot Cupan insulated coffee cup with “corrugated” board wrapping, and the Pail-Pak, with other distinctive products including windowed Retail Bags and the Det-Pouch.[6
The company recently introduced a new, 100% compostable food packaging range to the food service market, branded Rebbit]8].
Paper-Pak.
Paper-Pak is a marketing division that concentrating on the retail market. It produces paper carry bags, gift bags, tissue wrapping, and upmarket boutique paper bags.
Detmold Industrial.
Detmold Industrials sell directly to manufacturers, specialising in heavy-duty, industrial strength paper bags.
Detmold Flexibles.
Detmold Flexibles, previously Charles Gabb Flexible Packaging, was purchased by Detmold in 2005.
Accreditations.
Detpak’s different manufacturing facilities are accredited by a number of independent bodies, including:
• HACCP – Certified Food Safety
• ISO9001 – Certified Quality System
• AIB Certified Food Safety

</doc>
<doc id="21590344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590344" title="Baru Sahib">
Baru Sahib

Baru Sahib also known as the Valley of Divine Peace is located in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Baru Sahib, the land of meditation (tapobhoomi), is the realization of vision of Sant Attar Singh Ji, Mastuane Wale (1866–1927), who, in the early twentieth century envisaged a place in the Himalayas from where young souls equipped with the amalgam of spiritual and modern scientific education will spread the message of universal brotherhood throughout the world.
Baru Sahib was revealed to the mankind by his devout disciple Sant Teja Singh (1877–1965) {MA, LLB (Punjab, India), AM (Harvard, USA)} with the help of Bhai Iqbal Singh and Bhai Khem Singh in 1956.
In 1959, Sant Teja Singh Ji accompanied by 15-20 devotees performed Akhand Path Sahib in a mud-hut. At the conclusion of Akhand Path Sahib and Ardas, Sant Ji prophesied, "Just as a tiny banyan seed grows into a huge tree, in the same way this place will develop into a great center of spiritual education where high quality scientific education will also be imparted. In due course, roads will be built and all those whose hearts are brimful of love for Guru Nanak and who have toiled to accumulate spiritual capital from the previous births, will be drawn to this place".
This holy place, where several saints, sages and 'Rishis' were believed to have performed hard penance from time immemorial, had also been hallowed by the visit of Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Sikh Guru.
History of Baru Sahib, The Valley of Divine Peace.
Sant Attar Singh (1866–1927), a revered Sikh saint and visionary of his time envisaged a centre of true education (a blend of scientific and moral education) in the lap of the Himalayas. His devout disciple Sant Teja Singh, MA, LLB (Punjab, India), AM (Harvard, USA) (1877–1965) took upon himself the task of fulfilling the vision of his mentor. To this end, he gathered a team of young students & inspired them to dedicate their lives to the service of humanity. 
Bhai Iqbal Singh and Bhai Khem Singh were directed by Sant Ji to search, locate and reveal to mankind the hitherto hidden holy site (land) where several saints, sages and Rishis were believed to have performed hard penance from time immemorial. This place had also been hallowed by the visit of Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Sikh Guru. Sant Ji told the duo that the sacred site was located in the lower Himalayas somewhere near the town of Nahan (in Himachal Pradesh). 
Following the directive of Sant Teja Singh, the young team of Bhai Iqbal Singh & Bhai Khem Singh searched a vast territory trying to locate the sacred spot; but in vain. Bhai Iqbal Singh then beseech ed Sant Ji to allow him to resign his job in Punjab to take up employment in Himachal Pradesh. This step, he believed would facilitate the search for the sacred site. Sant Ji acceded to his request and blessed him "May the Guru abide with you."
Baba Iqbal Singh in Himachal Pradesh.
Responding to an advertisement in the newspaper, Baba Iqbal Singh applied for & secured the job of Agricultural Officer in Himachal Pradesh. His search for the sacred spot continued in right earnest. He suggested to Sant Ji that land was suitable for setting up a spiritual centre near the Kalka-Shimla highway, easily accessible by car. Sant Ji turned down the suggestion saying that the envisaged site was further deep in the Himalayan jungles. Bhai Iqbal Singh searched tirelessly for the sacred spot but to no avail.
Discovery of the village Baru.
About 50–60 km from Solan, there was a village Baru spread over 400 Acres owned by one Thakur Joginder Singh. It was densely forested & had several springs. Under a huge walnut tree near a spring, sadhus would come & meditate from time to time. The Thakur would welcome them & offer them food. 
One day, a wise old ascetic came and sat under the walnut tree and was soon lost in deep meditation (samādhi). When he opened his eyes, the Thakur offered him food. But the sadhu looked at him and said, "Joginder Singh, you will not stay here for long. This is Guru Nanak's land. From the time of "satyuga", saints and sages have performed penance here. Even Guru Gobind Singh Ji visited this place & blessed it. A time shall come when Guru Nanak's Sikhs gather here, meditate on the Divine Name, recite Gurbani; and spread the Divine Message throughout the world." 
The Thakur, thinking that the holy man had put a curse on him; took away the food in anger. After a few hours, when his anger had abated, he returned with the food at the prompting of his wife but found that the sadhu had disappeared.
Meanwhile, in the heart of the God-enlightened Sant Teja Singh had flourished a keen desire to discover the sacred spot. Around the same time, it so happened that the Thakur fell out with the village folk and decided to sell off his estate. News of this turn of events got through to Sant Ji by supernatural sources and he promptly sent a message to Bhai Iqbal Singh at Dhaula Kuan that a village Baru in Tehsil Sarahan of distt. Nahan had been put up for sale. Bhai Iqbal Singh set off on foot for Baru 35 km away. On reaching the spot, he discovered that it had all the features prophesied earlier by Sant Ji. 
Baba Iqbal Singh sent a letter to Sant Ji saying that the village Baru seemed to be exactly the place he had envisioned for setting up a spiritual center. 
Sant Ji came down to Nahan from the village Cheema in Punjab and without visiting or negotiating the price, bought the entire 400 Acres of land at Baru in the year 1956.
Devotees throng the village Baru "The Land of Peace".
In 1959, 82 years old Sant Teja Singh Ji accompanied by 15-20 devotees trekked 35 km in the Himalayas to reach Baru Sahib. They set up camp and built a mud-hut, in which the first Akhand Path (Non-Stop reading of Guru Granth Sahib) was started. At the conclusion of Akhand Path, with tears in his eyes, Sant Ji performed the poignant Ardas, "True Master! When will you usher in the time when students from all over the world gather here and mould their lives in accordance with the teachings of Guru Nanak and bring peace to the world." After the Ardas, the devotees came over to Sant Ji and said "There is no habitation and no roads around here. This jungle has only wild animals like monkeys and bears. Who will trek through the jungles to this remote spot." Sant Ji replied, "Just as a tiny banyan seed grows into a huge tree, in the same way this place will develop into a great center of spiritual education where high quality scientific education will also be imparted. In due course, roads will be built and all those whose hearts are brimful of love for Guru Nanak and who have toiled to accumulate spiritual capital from the previous births, will be drawn to this place."
Sant Ji's prophecy comes true.
Sant Teja Singh entrusted the responsibility of managing and developing the activities at Baru Sahib to Baba Iqbal Singh. The mud-hut housing the Gurdwara was expanded. In due course, roads were built; vehicles began to ply and by 1975, six rooms were constructed. Thereafter, in 1981-82, the construction of the cement and brick Gurdwara and Ashram building was started. 
In 1986, the now famous Akal Academy had its beginning in the Ashram building with just five students. Over the years, the academy grew at an incredible pace to its present size. It is now an 11-storeyed building and has 1538 boys and girls on its rolls. Of these, 200 are overseas students; 100 from the US alone. 350 students are getting free education. A few of them belong to those families of the survivors of 1984 carnage, who have not yet been settled, children of martyrs of Punjab, children from underprivileged communities (Vanjara) in Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh and Nanak Panthis from Uttar Pradesh. 
Besides the Akal Academy, The Kalgidhar Society manages an orphanage, an old age home, a home for widows and destitute women, a 280-bed charitable hospital, a music centre, a spiritual academy for women wherein 200 young girls are getting free training besides board and lodging. As a foray into Higher Education, the Society has started Eternal University which today runs 24 programs including B.Tech. and B.Sc Nursing. The Teachers Training centres impart free training to around 2000 girls from the under-privileged classes. They are later absorbed as Teachers in the Akal Academies. 
Apart from Akal Academy Baru Sahib, The Kalgidhar Society manages 129 English medium Schools under pattern of CBSE in various parts of rural Northern India. In these academies, some 60,000 students are receiving quality education besides being groomed in spiritual education Gurmat. Inspired by these children, grown ups are renouncing vices and approximately five lakhs have turned over new leaves.
Baru Sahib clearly - clean environment on to accelerate our try liberal is that all around us waste-free and green field. The important work are in the joy of the care in which his under supervision Colonel Sir team Mr. Santosh Shukla, Mr. Tej Bahadur, Mr. Anil kumar, Mr. sanjay, Mr . Vishnu, we hope that the team members whenever Baru sahib, we must give thanks to your feedback
Baru Sahib: An educational hub.
Baru Sahib- The Valley of divine peace, houses a number of educational institutions ranging from pre-nursery to doctorate level. Some of them are names below:

</doc>
<doc id="21590354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590354" title="Southerners Sports Club (Bangkok)">
Southerners Sports Club (Bangkok)

The club aims to provide a relaxed atmosphere in both sporting and social contexts.
History.
In October 1994, New Zealand Rugby side Taradale RFC were looking to tour Thailand and play in a four-way rugby sevens tournament alongside teams from Thailand, Guam and Taiwan. A group of Australians and New Zealanders, on seeing they could field a sevens side, agreed to help organize the tournament, entering a Thailand team they decided to call "The Southerners".
Former New Zealand All Black Zinzan Brooke, who was in Bangkok doing a TV commercial for Thai Airways, was co-opted by the fledgling Southerners team to compete in the inaugural game. Coincidentally, Taradale RFC also featured All Black Dallas Seymour in their team list. The competition proved a success with Taradale edging out the Southerners to win the tournament.
The Southerners were later officially established on 3 November 1994 when the Club's registration was accepted by the Thai Rugby Union and were approved to enter the British Council Cup Competition (Division 1).
In September 2005, the Ambassadors to Thailand of Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and the United Kingdom sponsored the 'Ambassadors Cup', a three-match rugby series between the Southerners Sports Club and the British Club.
The Southerners Sports Club has been sponsored by Crown Worldwide Group since 2001.
Rugby section.
The foundation team for the Southerners Sports Club, the rugby section has become a magnet for both experienced players, as well as non-players and those with backgrounds in Gaelic and Australian Rules Football, rugby league and wrestling.
Southerners compete yearly in the Thailand Rugby Union competition, as well as in local and international rugby tournaments spanning 7's, 10's and 15's formats. The Southerners recently competed in the 2008 Bangkok International 7s and 2009 Bangkok International 10's Rugby competitions.
Netball section.
The Southerners netball section competes in the Bangkok Netball League, having had strong success in the League, as well as in local and international tournaments and the Thai National Championships.
Touch rugby section.
Sporting women's, men's and mixed teams, the Southerners touch rugby section competes in local and international touch rugby tournaments and holds intra-club touch rugby games most weekends in Bangkok.
The original Southerners touch team was known as the "Southern Soul Sisters".
Cricket section.
The Southerners currently field two teams, one in each of the two Bangkok Cricket League grades, as well as a third team for ad-hoc social matches. 
Southerners' cricket section competes in approximately ten to twelve games in a season, played during the cooler, drier months of November–April, with the final series played around March–April.
Diversity.
Membership of the Southerners has included players from Thailand, Germany, Japan, Ireland, Switzerland, the UK, USA, Australia, France, Holland, New Zealand, South Africa and Canada.
Social.
The Southerners are known in Bangkok expat circles as being an inclusive, relaxed and extremely social club. In addition to regular weekend gatherings and local and international sports tours, the Southerners hold organised annual events including the Southerners Ball, Khao San Road Tour and Southerners Race Day.
Club houses.
The Southerners' first club house was located in the upstairs area of the Moonshine Bar. Due to the location of the Moonshine Bar, the Southerners changed their base to Delaney's Pub, then changed again to their current location in 'The Bat Cave' in The Londoner Brew Pub on Sukhumvit Soi 33.
External links.
Sports links
Media reports

</doc>
<doc id="21590367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590367" title="Medvedje Brdo">
Medvedje Brdo

Medvedje Brdo () is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Catherine and belongs to the Parish of Zavratec.

</doc>
<doc id="21590370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590370" title="Genesis Live in London 1980">
Genesis Live in London 1980

Genesis Live In London 1980 is a DVD by the progressive rock band Genesis. It was filmed at the Lyceum Theatre in London on 6 May 1980, but was not released until 2007. The show features the band performing live during the Duke tour. A 39-minute excerpt from this concert was included in DVD of 2007 re-issue of Duke. This is not an official release and it is not endorsed by the band.

</doc>
<doc id="21590377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590377" title="Caridad Hierrezuelo">
Caridad Hierrezuelo

Caridad Hierrezuelo (El Caney, 1924 – Havana, 6 February 2009) was a Cuban popular singer. She was the sister of Lorenzo Hierrezuelo and Rey Caney, two famous trova musicians. Her career began in 1947 as a member of the "Trio Baraguá", and later the "Conjunto Beltrán", until 1950, when she decided to sing as a soloist. She was primarily a singer of the guaracha style, that is, a "guarachera".
Caridad toured Peru with Los Van Van, Madrid (at the "Sala Clamores"). She later moved to Germany, and appeared at Expo 2000 in Hanover.

</doc>
<doc id="21590384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590384" title="List of the verified oldest women">
List of the verified oldest women

This is a list of the 100 verified oldest women, arranged in descending order, based on each individual's age in years and days. A "year" typically refers to a calendar year, the time between two dates with the same name. However, years may be of different lengths due to the presence or absence of a leap day within the year, or to the conversion of dates from one calendar to another. A supercentenarian is considered 'verified' if his or her claim has been validated by an international body that specifically deals in longevity research, such as the Gerontology Research Group (GRG).
The oldest verified person ever was French woman Jeanne Calment, who died at the age of 122 years, 164 days. There are eight verified living supercentenarians on this list, the oldest of whom is Japanese woman Misao Okawa, age .
100 verified oldest women.
a Manfredini was born in Italy.
b Holtz was born in the Province of Posen, which was then in the German Empire; it is now in Poland.
c Ray was born in Canada.
d Pizzinato-Papo was born in Ala, which was then in Austria-Hungary; it is now in Italy.
e Clawson was born in the United Kingdom.
f Domingues was born in Cape Verde, at that time a colony of Portugal.
g Benkner was born in Germany.
h Primout was born in French Algeria, then a colony of France, now an independent country.
i Gerena was born in Puerto Rico.
j Mexia was born in Mexico.
k Carpelan was born in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="21590392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590392" title="Stacey Learmont">
Stacey Learmont

Stacey Learmont (born 19 March 1985) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21590399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590399" title="2003 Icelandic Cup">
2003 Icelandic Cup

The Visa-Bikar 2003 was the forty-fourth season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 18, 2003 and concluded with the final on September 27, 2003. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2004–05.

</doc>
<doc id="21590411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590411" title="Miss Broadway">
Miss Broadway

Miss Broadway is the first album of the female trio Belle Epoque. It was released in 1977. The album included a disco version of Los Bravos' 1966 hit "Black Is Black".
The second side of the album was a disco medley, in which "Black is Black" itself appears three times. On the sleeve of the album were written the titles of the 4 songs which were in this medley, but only in the label of the record was the right order written.
Track listing as appears in record's label.
Side 1.
Same as the sleeve

</doc>
<doc id="21590412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590412" title="Fred Norton">
Fred Norton

Fred C. Norton (August 19, 1928 – October 28, 2000) was a Minnesota politician, a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, a Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives, and a judge of the Minnesota Court of Appeals.
Norton was born in 1928 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He attended the University of Minnesota before graduating in 1950 from Wesleyan University. He later received his law degree from the University of Minnesota Law School.
Norton worked in the office of the Minnesota Attorney General from 1955 to 1965, specializing in tax law. He was elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1966, representing St. Paul, Minnesota. He became Speaker of the House in 1980 after mid-term elections broke a deadlock in the body. He did not have the support of the majority of his caucus, but 49 Independent-Republicans joined 26 DFLers to give him the Speaker's gavel. He served only one year before being replaced by Harry A. Sieben, Jr. after the 1982 elections gave Democrats a larger majority. He later served as minority leader from 1985 to 1987, and became speaker again in January 1987.
Norton resigned from the House in June 1987, accepting an appointment to the Minnesota Court of Appeals by Governor Rudy Perpich. He won election to the court in 1988, and served on the court until he retired in 1997. He died of bone cancer in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21590421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590421" title="Shannon May">
Shannon May

Shannon May (born 9 June 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory. 
In December 2009 Shannon was awarded Perth Glory's Most Glorious Player award - an award presented to the team's best player each season.

</doc>
<doc id="21590436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590436" title="Bracelet (disambiguation)">
Bracelet (disambiguation)

A bracelet is an article of jewellery worn around the wrist
Bracelet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21590444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590444" title="Dani Calautti">
Dani Calautti

Dani Calautti (born 4 January 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21590459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590459" title="SIX Financial Information">
SIX Financial Information

SIX Financial Information is a multinational financial data vendor headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, and a subsidiary of SIX Group. SIX Financial Information gathers information from all the world’s major trading venues directly and in real-time. The SIX Financial Information database has structured and encoded securities administration data for more than 7.6 million financial instruments. SIX Financial Information has offices in 24 countries.
History.
In 1930, Ticker AG was founded in Zurich, Switzerland by a group of Swiss banks.
In 1961 the first stock market television service in Switzerland was launched by Ticker AG. In the same year, Ticker AG was renamed Telekurs Financial. 
In 1975, Telekurs launched Investdata, the first financial information display in Switzerland.
Telekurs began to expand outside of Switzerland in 1990.
In 1996 Telekurs was restructured into a holding company, and launched a major expansion of its product range.
In 2007 Telekurs acquired part of the Fininfo Group.
In 2008 The Telekurs Group merged with SWX and SEGA Intersettle to form SIX Group. Telekurs Financial was renamed to SIX Telekurs and became the Financial Information division of SIX Group. 
On April 23, 2012, the "Telekurs" name was discontinued and the company is now known as SIX Financial Information.
Locations.
The head office of SIX Financial Information is in Zurich, Switzerland.
SIX Financial Information has 31 offices in 24 different countries: Amsterdam, Basel, Boston, Brussels, Casablanca, Copenhagen, Dublin, Edinburgh, Frankfurt, Geneva, Göteborg, Helsinki, Hong Kong, London, Lugano, Luxembourg, Madrid, Milan, Monaco, Nanterre, New York, Oslo, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Stamford (USA), Stockholm, Tokyo, Toronto, Vienna, Warsaw.
Products and services.
The SIX Financial Information products flow from the same single logical database, and are divided into four categories:
Reference Data and Pricing.
SIX Financial Information's main product, the Valordata Feed (VDF), is a source for reference and descriptive data plus corporate actions. Based on a unique data model, VDF holds information on approximately 7.6 million financial instruments, drawing on over 850 trading venues and contributors. For calculated and evaluated prices, SIX Financial Information offers a number of specific products within this category.
Market Data.
SIX Financial Information's market data products are real-time or delayed. The master database allows customers to link nearly 1,500 individual data elements across millions of active financial instruments, for a clear view of investment positions. Services range from valuation pricing and real-time market data feeds to streamlined back-office Products and all are used for improved straight-through processing.
Display Products.
The SIX Financial Information display products provide easy access to the company's full range of data. These products offer access to quotes, lists, charts, news, corporate fundamental data. Each of the SIX Financial Information display services offers the options and features most needed by a given sector. SIX Financial Information also bundles its display products with fee-liable data such as news, company fundamentals and ratings.
Solutions.
SIX Financial Information also provides tailor-made as well as ready-made solutions. The ready-made solutions including a realtime index /indicative NAV calculator, on-line brokerage systems, and even white labeled Websites.
Compliance and standards.
SIX Financial Information actively participates with global standards organizations to define and adopt relevant standards that promote straight-through processing. Specifically, SIX Financial Information is the official national numbering agency (NNA) in Switzerland Liechtenstein and Belgium, and in this capacity is responsible for the issuing of Valoren and ISIN identifiers. The company is also a founding member of ANNA, as well as a co-operator of the ANNA Service Bureau and the ISIN Organization . In addition, SIX Financial Information is a member of The International Organization for Standardization (ISO), FISD, and Markets in Financial Instruments Directive joint working groups, and is a SWIFT certified distributor of ISO 15022 corporate actions messages.
For regulatory compliance, SIX Financial Information provides a wealth of information that help analyze exposures and aggregate positions for effective reporting. SIX Financial Information has incorporated flags, markers and
classifications into VDF that facilitate compliance with taxation regulations such as the EU savings tax, Swiss transaction taxes and US IRS Withholding, plus fee calculation regulations such as the SEC rule 22c-2, and pan-European regulations as Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and UCITS III and IV.
References.
AIM links SIX Telekurs data to Sungard's V3
SIX Telekurs and Unitek provide real time data for use in RMDS
SIX Telekurs and MiFID Data
ISIN Organization

</doc>
<doc id="21590461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590461" title="Kadaladi">
Kadaladi

Kadaladi in Tamil Nadu is 90 km from Madurai. Kadaladi is situated between Mudukulathur and Sayalkudi. It is a taluk headquarters and a revenue region of Ramanathapuram district. 
As of 2001 India census GR India, Kadaladi had a population of 13,135. Males constituted 48% of the population and females 52%. Kadaladi had an average literacy rate of 75%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy was 80%, and female literacy 71%. In Kadaladi, 12% of the population were under six years of age. 
Agriculture and animal breeding are the main businesses of the people of the region. There are 19 schools (nine primary, two upper primary, five secondary and 3 higher secondary schools). An arts and science college serves the student community of the town. 
There are Hindu temples in Kamuthi. In pursuance to the Delimitation Act, 2002 in respect of the delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies in the State of Tamil Nadu, Kadaladi was merged with Mudhukulathur constituency in 2007 for representation in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly and continues to be a part of Ramanathapuram Lok Sabha constituency.
Demography.
Sri Pathirakali Amman & Sri Muthu Mariyamman Temple, Sri KamatchiAmman Temple and Sri Muthumariamman Temple are the big temples. Sri Pathirakali Amman & Sri KamatchiAmman is the main God in this location. Vikasi, Aadi, and Punguni urchavams are celebrated with much fervor. There are mosques and churches also. 
Sandhan Koodu festival by Muslims and Matha Chariot Process are celebrated by people of all religions. There is a bus stand, No Cinema Theater, three main Bazaar, and trade streets. Every Sunday there is a weekly market. Dry fish and Jaggery are popular. There are dairy farms in and around Kamuthi. We can get Fresh Fish from Kadaladi Fish Market at Morning time.
Schools & Collage:
Special.
Trade between Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka took place via this town. Archaeologists have found some Jain idols of the 12th century. The fort at Kottaimedu Bjhihniknjk belongs to the 17th century, built on the banks of the Gundaaru River.
Personalities.
Thiru. S.Balakrishnan, also known as So.Balakrishnan (Tamil: சோ. பாலகிருஷ்ணன்) and popularly known as So.Ba (Tamil: சோ.பா), a veteran Indian politician, President of Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu for eighteen years and the Leader of the Opposition in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly (Eleventh Assembly 1996-2001) represented Kadaladi constituency in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from 2001 until his death in 2006. In the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly, So.Balakrishnan represented Mudukalathur for thirteen years and Kadaladi for five years.
Thiru. Narayana Konar, who was born in Agathariruppu nearby Kamuthi, was known for his services to the Tamil language.
Actor Senthil, one of the comedians of the Tamil film industry, was born in Elanchembur nearby Muthukulathur. Sindhamani Murugesan, Chairman of Tamil Film Distributors Association, was from Kamuthi. Sahul Hamid, a playback singer, was also from the town.
The saintly devotees of Shiva are known as Nayanmar (Nayanar). There are 63 of them, one of them from the nearby village Enathi name as Enathi natha nayanar.
Pincode.
Kadaladi 623703
Business.
Kadaladi is a place where most people are agriculturists and commercial activity is much related to agriculture.
Politics.
Kadaladi town is part of Ramanathapuram (Lok Sabha constituency) and Kadaladi Assembly Constituencies (until 2007). Since 2007, Kadaladi has been merged with Mudhukulathur constituency in 2007 for respresentation in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21590471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590471" title="Yasuko Sakata">
Yasuko Sakata

Yasuko Sakata 坂田 靖子 is a manga artist who belongs to the Post Year 24 Group. She was born on the 25th of February, 1953 in Osaka, Japan. Her official debut was with the work "Saikon Kyousou Kyoku" 再婚狂騒曲, published in "Hana to Yume" in 1975. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, she was involved in the yaoi doujinshi movement, having co-coined the term "yaoi" with Akiko Hatsu. One of Sakata's doujinshi, "Loveri", was amongst the very first to be described as "yaoi". Her best known works are "Jikan wo Warerani", "Basil Shi no Yuuga na Seikatsu" (The Elegant Life of Mr Basil), about a 19th-century British aristocrat, and "Yamiyo no Hon". She won the Agency for Cultural Affairs Media Arts Festival Grand Prize in the Manga Division in 1997. Most of her work is short stories - as of 2003, one catalogue listed over 40 of her stories. The type of stories she tells include traditional Japanese ghost stories, science fiction, mysteries, and Western and Chinese stories. She is marked for her talent at "casually portraying" everyday life.

</doc>
<doc id="21590505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590505" title="Rathen Ferry">
Rathen Ferry

The Rathen Ferry is a passenger cable ferry across the Elbe river at Rathen in Saxony, Germany. It connects Niederrathen, on the east bank, to Oberrathen, on the west bank. Kurort Rathen railway station, on the Dresden S-Bahn, is about from the Oberrathen ferry terminal. The Niederrathen ferry terminal provides access to the famous Bastei cliffs, to the Amselsee lake, and the "Felsenbühne Rathen" outdoor theatre.
The ferry is owned by the Gemeinde Rathen. It operates from 05:30 until 23:45, seven days a week and throughout the year. On weekdays service starts at 04:30. In summer, service is extended until 00:45.
Technically, the ferry is a reaction ferry, which is propelled by the current of the water. The ferry is attached to a floating cable which is anchored firmly in the riverbed upstream of the ferry. To operate the ferry, it is angled into the current, causing the force of the current to swing the ferry across the river on the cable.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="21590509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590509" title="Novi Svet">
Novi Svet

Novi Svet is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Hotedršica in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21590518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590518" title="Mercury Summer">
Mercury Summer

"Mercury Summer" is the second single from Fightstar's third studio album, "Be Human". It was released on 6 April 2009.
Frontman Charlie Simpson said that the inspiration for this song came from one of his favourite movies, "The Shawshank Redemption", and the dream of the lead character, Andy.
Bassist Dan Haigh has stated that the original song was meant to include a sample of Morgan Freeman's dialogue from the film- the line "I hope the sea is as blue as our dream"- but, in his words, "Hollywood screwed that up for us. We just couldn't get it cleared."
Track listing.
CD:
7" Vinyl:
iTunes EP Bundle :
Music video.
The video was premiered on their myspace on 25 February 2009. It features the band dressed in suits, in a spinning room, along with images of a blonde woman, who has been named as model Lucy Misch.
Chart performance.
Mercury Summer entered the UK Charts at No. 46, Fightstar's highest single position since Hazy Eyes which peaked at number 47. It also entered at No. 1 and No. 3 in the Rock Singles Chart and Independent Singles chart respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="21590527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590527" title="Lim Shiya">
Lim Shiya

Lim Shiya (born 26 June 1986) is a Singaporean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Australian W-League team Perth Glory and the Singapore Women's National Team. She made her international debut against Hong Kong at the age of 19 and has played in the Southeast Asian Games (also known as the SEA Games), AFF (Asean Football Federation) Women's Championship and the Pre-Olympics, competing with countries such as Canada, New Zealand and China.
Shiya began playing football at a young age and joined the women's team of Home United FC at 16 before moving on to Arion Women's Football Club in 2005. Dominantly a left-footed player, she is blessed with a blistering pace and often undertakes individual dribbling runs towards goal. A versatile team player with good vision, she is known for her passing ability and is highly technical with the ball. Tactically, Shiya plays a free attacking and occasionally a playmaking role. She is comfortable attacking on either wing or through the centre of the pitch. She is also a regular goal scorer and an accurate set piece taker. 

</doc>
<doc id="21590562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590562" title="Anandalok Best Action Hero Award">
Anandalok Best Action Hero Award

Here is a list of Anandalok Best Action Hero Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21590564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590564" title="Corpus Mortale">
Corpus Mortale

Corpus Mortale is a Danish death metal group. Established in 1993, the band has released two full-length albums.
History.
Corpus Mortale was founded in Copenhagen in 1993 by Nicholas Maschøln and Søren Jensen, followed by Martin Rosendahl completing the lineup in 1994. From the beginning the band was interested in playing death metal, and released their demo Corpus Mortale in 1995. The demo was critically acclaimed, and inspired the band to increase their efforts. Morten Jensen was recruited as a fourth member on guitar in 1996 and after only three months Corpus Mortale entered the studio to record their second demo entitled "Integration". This demo received a more widespread and positive reaction than the first, and all 800 copies were sold out within 7 months.
Following a number of tours between 1997 and 1999, Søren and Morten Jensen decided to leave the band after another recording attempt, the unreleased album Spritism. Following this, Brian Eriksen and Jens Lee (formerly of Iniquity) joined, and a final demo, Succumb to the Superior was released. The release of this demo generated positive reactions, and a deal of label interest.
In the summer of 2001, Jens Lee left the band due to commitment issues. After another MCD, Sombre and Vile, the band focused on the release of their first full-length album, With Lewd Demeanor. Following this album's release, the band signed with Dutch record label Neurotic Records. The album released on the 23rd of November 2003, supported by a European tour with Konkhra, Homo Iratus and Illnath. A music video for the song "Mass Funeral Pyre" was released also. Brian Eriksen was replaced on guitar by Mads Hårløv (ex-Iniquity) as a session member.
With this new lineup, the band entered the studio to record a 3 track EP named Seize the Moment of Murder on Nuclear Winter Records. In 2007 through Willowtip Records they released their second full-length album, A New Species of Deviants through Willowtip Records in the USA and Neurotic Records in the rest of the world. Following a contract renewal, Brian Eriksen rejoined the band, and Nicholas Maschøln left after fourteen years. Rasmus Scmidt (The Omnihil, ex-Downlord) replaced Nicholas and the band continues to tour in support of their most recent album.
In October 2008, after 7 years in Corpus Mortale, Roar Christoffersen decided to leave the band. The reason for this was to concentrate on his other music project Bastards Corpus Mortale quickly found a replacement for Christoffersen in Andreas Lynge of The Cleansing. Andreas played his first gig in Corpus Mortale at the Copenhagen Death Fest on the 6th of December, and the Royal Metal Fest on the 9th of January in Århus.
Currently Corpus Mortale is working on material for a new album in addition to several tourdates to be announced. The songs on the new album will include titles such as "Feasting Upon Souls" and "Love Lies Bleeding". Also planned is a merchandising deal with Relapse Records, a brand new t-shirt design which will be made available worldwide.
In September Corpus Mortale signed to American label Deepsend Records. Deepsend will release the Danes’ third album “FleshCraft” this fall, with a special web-only Pre-Order which will ship prior to the release date in stores.
“FleshCraft” will come to be known as a defining statement of Danish death metal. The year's best death metal album is also amongst the best from Denmark ever. The perfect death metal recording, Martin Rosendahl's trademark bellow (last heard on The Cleansing “Poisoned Legacy”) and their musicianship that's second to none. Your expectations should be high and will be mightily fulfilled. “FleshCraft” is an excellently composed monster, exemplifying everything that Danish death metal has been known for and finally accomplished by Corpus Mortale.
Former members.
Ulrik Pedersen (Justin Hate Revolting Phimosis) - Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="21590585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590585" title="World Match Racing Tour">
World Match Racing Tour

The World Match Racing Tour (WMRT) is the world’s leading match racing series featuring World-Class Championship events across the globe. The series is sanctioned by the International Sailing Federation (ISAF) with “Special Event” status. The World Match Racing Tour (WMRT) is currently sponsored by Alpari and thus officially known as the Alpari World Match Racing Tour (AWMRT). In the world of sailing it is now widely referred to as the Alpari World Match Racing Tour (AWMRT).
The tour currently spans 3 continents and is now the only professional monohull match racing series since the September 2010 decision of the America's Cup to organise only multihull races at their events. 
The Tour awards over US$1.5 million in prize money, with points awarded at each event culminating in the crowning of the “ISAF Match Racing World Champion”. A US$500,000 overall prize pool for the Championship is now on offer.
Tour Events utilise the same 'match race' format used in the America’s Cup with racing taking place in identical supplied racing yachts which change for each event and which place a firm focus on team work and skill to win the race. Racing takes place close to the shore in order for the general public to follow the races as if they were in virtual on-the-water stadiums.
Media and television highlights coverage spans the globe, reaching millions of households in over 183 countries around the world.
History.
TOUR HISTORY IN BRIEF (the history of match racing)
1660 – First ever match racing event between King Charles II and his brother James, Duke of York – raced from Greenwich to Gravesend and back for a prize purse of 100 guineas
1937 – First match racing event in a “one-design” yacht sets sail at the Royal Bermuda Yacht Club. American C Sherman Hoyt was the first winner of the King Edward VII Gold Cup now known as the Argo Group Gold Cup
1956 – The Royal Bermuda Yacht Club placed the King Edward VII Gold Cup in competition for match racing yachts of International One Design
1964 – Congressional Cup joins the King Edward VII Gold Cup as a match-racing regatta
1965 – The Royal Lymington Cup joins in the following year making it three match racing competitions – Bermuda, Congressional and Lymington – they all survived through the 70’s
1985 – The World Match Racing Conference was established to supervise on ruling and restriction and supervision on all match-racing regattas
1985 - Five key founders of Match Racing regattas formed Match Racing Association in Long Beach California 
1988 – The idea on umpiring on the water, with instant justice and penalties was adopted at the Congressional Cup after the incident at the America’s Cup in 1987 Fremantle.
1988 – Chris Dickson wins the first World Championship of Match Race Sailing, held as a single rolling event in Fremantle, Australia.
1989 – Chris Dickson wins his second World Championship of Match Race Sailing at Lymington (the term “Match Racing” was not yet formally used)
1990 – Peter Gilmour wins his first Match Racing Championship
1991 – Chris Dickson wins his third Match Racing Championship
1992 – Russell Coutts wins his first Match Racing Championship
1993 – Russell Coutts wins his second Match Racing Championship
1994 – Bertrand Pace wins his first Match Racing Championship
1994 – Match Cup Sweden was first held in the island of Marstrand
1995 – Ed Baird wins his first Match Racing Championship
1995 – Match Racing received great interest and Fabergé, the cosmetic manufacturer used the brand “Brut” to form a match racing series. The series offered USD250,000 of prize money, the highest prize awarded in sailing regattas. To win the big prize – and the Fabergé Egg, the competitor had to win three out of five races – Bermuda, San Francisco, New York, Lymington and France – the Brut Cup
1996 – International Yacht Racing Union is renamed as International Sailing Federation (ISAF) and setup up a classification for match-racing
1996 – Swedish Match sponsors Match Cup Sweden after they had finished the Whitebread Round-the-World sponsorship (now known as the Volvo Ocean Race)
1997 – Russell Coutts and his Team Magic wins the Fabergé Egg and the USD250,000 prize money. Brut left as a sponsor after that leaving the match racing series in a state of limbo.
1997 – Peter Gilmour wins his second Match Racing Championship or known as ISAF World Championship
1998 – Peter Gilmour wins his third ISAF Match Racing Championship
1998 – Swedish Match takes over and sponsors the match racing series. The creation of "Swedish Match Grand Prix Sailing" began
1999 – Jesper Bank of Denmark, wins his first ISAF Match Racing Championship
2000 – Swedish Match Tour (formerly known as the "Swedish Match Grand Prix Sailing") is the official match racing sailing series sanctioned by the International Sailing Federation. Bertrand Pace is the winner of the Tour
2001 – Magnus Holmberg of Sweden wins the "Swedish Match Tour" on home ground Marstrand
2002 – Peter Holmberg of the Alinghi Team wins the "Swedish Match Tour"
2003 – Jesper Radich from Denmark wins the "Swedish Match Tour"
2004 – BMW joins in as the Official Partner of the Tour. Peter Gilmour wins the Tour in Sweden
2005 – Peter Gilmour wins the "Swedish Match Tour" and USD60,000 prize money as well as a BMW Car
2005 – First Asian participation in the match racing circuit – Monsoon Cup marks the 50th event on the Swedish Match Tour
2006 – "Swedish Match Tour" became the "World Match Racing Tour" and became the "ISAF World Championship". Peter wins the Tour and claimed his fourth "ISAF Match Racing Championship"
2007 – Ian Williams wins his first "ISAF Match Racing Championship" and the Monsoon Cup
2008 – Back to back wins for Ian Williams as he won "ISAF Match Racing Championship" again 2008 – With the success of the Monsoon Cup, Korea Match Cup joined the World Match Racing Tour
2009 – Adam Minoprio became the youngest sailor ever to win the "ISAF Match Racing Championship"
2010 – Ben Ainslie of Great Britain wins the "ISAF Match Racing Championship"
2011 – Ian Williams wins his third "ISAF Match Racing Championship" with a double, winning the Monsoon Cup, the season finale of the "World Match Racing Tour"
2011 – Great Britain’s Royal Jeweler’s, Garrard & Co created the "World Match Racing Tour" trophy
2012 – With the success of "World Match Racing Tour" – ALPARI UK Ltd became title sponsor of the Tour – renaming it as the Alpari World Match Racing Tour. Ian Williams bags his forth "ISAF Match Racing Championship" matching match-racing legend Peter Gilmour who announced retirement that year
2013 – Taylor Canfield wins the "ISAF Match Racing Championship" at the age of 24
Sponsorship.
The World Match Racing Tour has been sponsored since 2000. The title sponsorship enables the tour's sponsorship name. There have been two sponsors since the tour's formation.
As well as sponsorship for the tour itself, the World Match Racing Tour has a number of official partners and suppliers. 
Match Racing.
When only two sailing boats are on the starting line of the race, the race is called match racing. Match racing has its own set of rules, which are slightly different from the regular sailing boat racing rules and these create very close, aggressive competition in which collisions can easily occur. Match racing also has on-the-water judging, with umpires dispensing ""instant justice"" on the water. Match racing is tremendously exciting for those participating and, unlike some other sailing competitions, match racing can be equally thrilling to watch. Before the start, the boats vie for control, circling each other and trying to wipe each other off into spectator boats in an elaborate game of cat and mouse.
Scoring Regulation.
The Alpari World Match Racing Tour is a season long points championship for the ISAF Match Racing World Championship.
ISAF Match Racing World Championship Scoring
2013 System: In a series of up to and including 8 events skippers shall count 5 event scores, one of which shall be from the final event of the series. In a series of 9 events or more skippers shall count 6 event scores, one of which shall be from the final event of the series. The skipper with the highest score at the end of the series will be recognized as the ISAF Match Racing World Champion. 
In the event of a tie at the end of the season, the skipper with the greater number of first, second or third place scores will be declared the champion. (No discards will be counted.) If the tie still exists, the skippers will be ranked in order of their scores in the final event. If the tie remains it will be broken by using the finishes in the next-to-last event and so on until the tie is broken. There will be no average points awarded for cancelled events. 
BONUS POOL 2013 – US$500,000 In addition to prize funds offered by individual events, the Alpari World Match Racing Tour offers an annual Tour Bonus for Tour Card Holders.
The Tour Bonus will be divided as followed after the Final Event
Awards.
BlackMatch Racing won the inaugural best team award in 2009.
Johnie Berntsson won the Swedish Sailor of the Year Awards in 2011

</doc>
<doc id="21590588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590588" title="Ringicella ringens">
Ringicella ringens

Ringicella ringens is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Brazil. It lives on the ground.
Shell description.
Thomas Wyatt (1838) wrote about the shell of this species (as "Anostoma globulosa"): "Globose, with two small punctures, one on each side of the lip; slightly carinated, smooth, and white; margin reflected."
The shell of this species is biconvex and solid. It is brownish-yellow in color, with a dark-brown band above the periphery, and another bordering the suture. The base of the shell is rather sparsely marked with irregular reddish-brown spots and usually has a dark stripe below the basal suture. The surface of the shell is only very slightly shiny. The last whorl is densely corrugated in a zigzag pattern, but sometimes this sculpture is almost obsolete. The shell has 4 whorls. The final whorl is carinated at the periphery, and has three deep, dark-colored grooves, as well as one small one behind the lip.
The aperture of the shell is subhorizontal. It is elevated above the periphery of the shell and is obstructed by six white teeth. There are two strong lamellae on the parietal wall; these lamellae are compressed and curve upward within the aperture. The infraparietal lamella is stouter and straight. The outer lip of the peristome is broad, expanded and reflexed. It is white in color, its upper end perforated by an oval hole. 
The outer margin of the peristome has four long folds within it, of which the columellar and the lower and upper palatal are subequal, the inner end of the latter being strongly bent upward. The suprapalatal fold is smaller and oblique, almost transverse. Above it is a small upper superpalatal fold, which has united with the angle-lamella to form the wall of the respiratory foramen, perforating the end of the lip.
The width of adult shells is 18–25 mm, the height is 10.5–13 mm.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from references

</doc>
<doc id="21590596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590596" title="David M. Jennings">
David M. Jennings

David M. Jennings (born December 17, 1948) is a former Minnesota politician, a former member of the Republican Party, a former Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives, and the former superintendent of Eastern Carver County School District 112, based in Chaska.
Jennings served in the United States Marine Corps for five years and was honorably discharged with the rank of staff-sergeant in December 1972. He received a B.S. degree in political science, magna cum laude, from Mankato State University in 1976. He worked in small construction and as a Congressional staff aide until he was first elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1978.
Jennings rose quickly, becoming minority leader in February 1982. He served in that role until the Independent-Republicans gained a majority in the 1984 elections. He became Speaker of the House in January 1985, a position he held for two years until his departure from the legislature.
Beginning in 1990, Jennings was employed as a corporate executive for Schwan's Food Co., based in Marshall, Minnesota, leaving there in December 1998.
In 1999, Jennings served briefly as Minnesota's Commissioner of Commerce under Governor Jesse Ventura, after which he became CEO of the Minneapolis Regional Chamber of Commerce. In January 2002, Jennings became Chief Operating Officer of the Minneapolis Public Schools and later served as interim superintendent of the Minneapolis school district from October 2003 to June 2004. He was considered for permanent appointment, but withdrew from consideration after the appointment process was criticized. He went on to serve as deputy director of operations for the Minnesota Historical Society for one year, before accepting a permanent appointment as superintendent of schools for the Eastern Carver County School District, based in Chaska in July 2005. He is married and has one son.

</doc>
<doc id="21590608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590608" title="Mount Auburn Cemetery (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Mount Auburn Cemetery (Baltimore, Maryland)

Mount Auburn Cemetery is a historic African American cemetery and national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Overlooking the Middle Branch of the Patapsco River to the east, Baltimore's Downtown to the north and railroad tracks to the south, Mt. Auburn Cemetery is surrounded by the Cherry Hill, Westport, Mt. Winans and Lakeland communities.
History.
One of the most historic and largest African American cemeteries in Baltimore, Mt. Auburn Cemetery was formed in 1872, by the Reverend James Peck in protest to segregation against the White Methodist Church. Its grounds encompass and holds more than 55,000 interred.
Designated on the local and national historic registers, the cemetery was once known as "The City of the Dead for Colored People" since it was the only place a person of color could be buried. Once part of a farm, the land was given to the Methodist Church and assigned to the Sharp Street Memorial United Methodist Church to oversee its grounds. Over the years the cemetery has been in total neglect with only a few of its front acreage remaining identifiable as a cemetery.
Mt. Auburn Cemetery holds the remains of some of Baltimore's and the nation's "movers and shakers" of the local civil rights movement. In addition to runaway slaves, the cemetery contains the remains ; the first African American ship chandler; clergymen; the first female funeral home director, Civil War and Civil Rights activists, lawyers, doctors, teachers, military veterans, founders of national fraternities’ and sororities’ and the ancestors of thousands of African-American families.
Mount Auburn Cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21590614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590614" title="Reginald Flint">
Reginald Flint

Reginald "Reggie" Flint (16 July 1903 – 1981) was an English breaststroke swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the Olympic 200 metre breaststroke event.
Four years later he was eliminated in the first round of the 200 metre breaststroke competition at the 1928 Olympics.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal the 200 yards breaststroke contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21590615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590615" title="Ringicella carinatum">
Ringicella carinatum

Ringicella carinatum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae, in the family Odontostomidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Brazil. Pilsbry (1901) mentioned "Ringicella carinatum" as also occurring in Colombia, in high forests of the Magdalena river basin at 1830 m (6000 feet) above sea level, but Vera Ardila (2008) considers the presence of the species in Colombia to be doubtful.
Shell description.
The shell of this species has a long basal suture. It is conoid-lenticular, rather solid, acutely carinate. It is pale in color, narrowly banded with chestnut above the keel and at the suture. The spire is shortly conoid in shape. The shell has 5 whorls which are rather flattened; the upper ones are striatulate, the final whorl with irregular and waved rib-striae. The base of the shell is convex, spotted with chestnut, scrobiculate in front.
The shell aperture follows the slope of the spire, is semicircular, and is contracted by six strong, curved lamellae. The peristome is white, broadly expanded and reflexed. The right margin of the peristome is provided with a large foramen at its insertion point.
The width of adult shells is 24.5 mm, the height is 13 mm.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="21590633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590633" title="1910–11 Manchester United F.C. season">
1910–11 Manchester United F.C. season

The 1910–11 season was Manchester United's 19th season in the Football League and fourth in the First Division.
First Division.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="21590635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590635" title="Frank V. Webster">
Frank V. Webster

Frank V. Webster was a pseudonym controlled by the Stratemeyer Syndicate, the first book packager of books aimed at children. This pseudonym was used on books for boys from the early 1900s through the 1930s. Many of these books are available at Project Gutenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21590651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590651" title="Bartholomew Des Bosses">
Bartholomew Des Bosses

Bartholomew Des Bosses (29 August 1668, Chaineux; 17 April 1738, Cologne) was a Jesuit theologian and philosopher, known mainly for his voluminous correspondence with Leibniz. Des Bosses joined the Society of Jesus in 1686. In 1700 he taught at the Jesuit college in Emmerich, later moving to Hildesheim. He remained there until moving in 1710 to Cologne, taking up an appointment as professor of mathematics (and later moral philosophy) at the Jesuit college there. Apart from a stay in Paderborn in 1712 and 1713, he remained in Cologne for the rest of his life.
Des Bosses met Leibniz sometime in 1705 and agreed to translate his Theodicee into Latin. Their correspondence continued until Leibniz's death in 1716. The letters contained a tentative elaboration of a new feature of Leibniz's philosophy known as the vinculum subtantiale (substantial bond).

</doc>
<doc id="21590664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590664" title="Head Entertainment">
Head Entertainment

Head Entertainment was an entertainment retail chain in the United Kingdom. The company was formed on 18 February 2009 when Simon Douglas, former managing director of Zavvi and business partner Les Whitfield, purchased five stores from Zavvi Entertainment Group which was placed in administration on 24 December 2008. All stores closed in early 2010 after less than a year of trading.
History.
Virgin Megastores.
Richard Branson started his first Virgin store on London's Oxford Street in 1971. In 1979, the company opened their first Megastore at the end of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. Between the 1980s and 1990s, the chain grew, most notably through its merger with Our Price whilst under the ownership of WH Smith. By the 1990s Virgin Megastores had become an international franchise as part of the Virgin Group. During the early to mid 2000s Virgin Group decided to sell off most of its Virgin Megastores to various companies, including the French stores to the Lagardere Group and the American stores to Related Companies.
Zavvi.
In September 2007 it was announced that the UK arm of the Virgin Megastores brand was to break away from the Virgin Group, in a management buy-out offer led by managing director Simon Douglas and finance director Steve Peckham. EUK, of the Woolworths Group, was the main supplier of Zavvi under an exclusive supply deal. As a result of EUK entering into administration, on 24 December 2008, the entertainment retailer was also forced into administration as it was unable to source stock on favourable terms direct from suppliers. As a result of its administration Zavvi closed the majority of its 130 stores, with some sold to rival HMV, and some others to a new company, Head Entertainment.
Head Entertainment.
Head Entertainment was formed on 2 February 2009 by Simon Douglas, former managing director of Zavvi, Mark Noonan, former Director of Trading of Zavvi and their business partner Les Whitfield. Les Whitfield also founded the entertainment retailer Impulse which he sold in July 2007.
On 18 February, the day in which the final set of store closures was announced, Zavvi's administrators Ernst & Young sold 14 of the stores to HMV, and five to Head Entertainment. An additional two stores were purchased on 20 February 2009. A third additional store, the former Zavvi store at The Mall, Cribbs Causeway in Bristol was also going to be purchased, but the company was unable to reach an agreement with the landlord. The store was subsequently taken over by HMV who relocated from their former premises at Cribbs Causeway and employed some of the former Zavvi staff. All of the remaining stock which Zavvi owned was sold to Head Entertainment. It is thought that the partners in Head paid less than 20p a unit for the Zavvi stock.
Product range.
Head Entertainment sold a range of products from Audio, Books, CDs, Computer software and hardware, DVDs and Video Games; a similar product mix to the stores it replaced (Zavvi, and previously Virgin Megastores). Much of the stock retailed in Head Entertainment stores was ex-Zavvi stock.
Operations and decline.
Head Entertainment operated stores in Bristol Broadmead, Dundee, Leeds, Merry Hill, Bluewater, Manchester Arndale Centre, Cardiff and Liverpool One. They were all former Zavvi outlets.
In December 2009 the company started a closing down sale in all stores. By 10 January 2010, the only remaining Head Stores were Bristol and Dundee (leases extended through 2011) with Merryhill's lease until Easter 2010. The Head store in Leeds closed on 10 January 2010. The remaining stores stocked a limited music chart, while new DVD releases come in the form of unused rental copies. Game stock is nominal and no clothing is sold within these stores.
The Bristol store closed on 27 March 2010, but reopened a week later under Head Records - see below.
Head Records.
In 2007, prior to the formation of Head Entertainment, Head Records had opened following the closure of the Fopp store in Leamington Spa. Head Records is owned by Indulge Retail Limited, which was previously run by one of the partners of Head Entertainment, Les Whitfield. The firm's logo incorporates a side view of a head.
Head Records subsequently opened three further stores. The Bristol ex-Zavvi store taken up by Head Entertainment closed on 27 March 2010, but was reopened a week later by Head Records under the name "Head CD DVD Books". The store contains some new stock alongside ex-Zavvi stock; the product range includes clothing and a selection of books alongside CDs and DVDs.
The former Zavvi store in Bromley was taken up by Head Records (as "Head CD & DVD"), some months after Head Entertainment had taken on its tranche of ex-Zavvi store sites. The Bromley store subsequently moved from the Zavvi site into another store location (a former Internacionale and previously Gamley's store), with the former Zavvi site being taken up by New Look. As with the Bristol store, the Bromley Head site carries a selection of new-release and catalogue products.
In December 2010, a new Head Records store opened in Belfast's Victoria Square, becoming the fourth store in the chain.
It was reported in the 10 May 2011 "Weston Mercury" that Head was to open a new store in Weston-super-Mare's Sovereign Shopping Centre; this occupied a unit which had been used by HMV as a temporary store over Christmas 2010. Head opened on 14 May 2011. Nick Cooke, centre manager of the Sovereign Shopping Centre, said, "We are delighted that Head have chosen to open in Weston, which for too long has missed a dedicated music retailer."
On Sunday 15 January 2012 Head Records store closed in Belfast's Victoria Square. The Belfast store re-opened for business on Saturday 14 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21590665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590665" title="Substance control">
Substance control

Substance control may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21590669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590669" title="Walter F. Gates">
Walter F. Gates

Walter Freeman Gates (died February 5, 1828) was a merchant and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Grenville County in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1820 to 1824.
Gates was educated by the Reverent John Strachan. He lived in Johnstown. Gates served as a captain in a cavalry unit in the militia. He was named a justice of the peace for the Johnstown District in 1821. He died in Johnstown.

</doc>
<doc id="21590677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590677" title="Chiyako Sato">
Chiyako Sato

In 1925, Sato made her debut with the song "Aoi Susuki". She met Shinpei Nakayama, who composed her 1928 song "Habu no Minato". It sold 100,000 copies. Her song was used as a tie-in song for the 1929 movie "Tokyo March". The song "Tokyo March" sold 250,000 copies.
In 1930, she went to Italy, hoping to start a career there, but she was not a success. When she returned to Japan in 1934, there was no longer any place for her in the music industry. She died in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21590695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590695" title="Shaku Nihongi">
Shaku Nihongi

Contents.
The 28 volumes are divided into seven sections:
Value.
Besides being an important early study of "Nihon Shoki", it also includes many full citations from other historical texts, some of which are no longer extant. These include "Jōgūki", "Nihongi Shiki", "Kogo Shūi", "Tensho", "Sendai Kuji Hongi", and more than thirty "fudoki".
In addition, it is a valuable resource to supplement history missing from "Kojiki" and "Nihon Shoki". The imperial genealogies are important since the genealogies that were once part of "Nihon Shoki" have since been lost. For example, they clarify the genealogy for Emperor Keitai which is lacking in the existing "Nihon Shoki".
The collection of definitions and readings for old words are also linguistically valuable.

</doc>
<doc id="21590696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590696" title="Rajan Anandan">
Rajan Anandan

Rajan Anandan is a Sri Lankan who is the Head of Google India. He used to be the Managing Director of Microsoft's Sales Marketing and Services business in India. He took this up role in August 2008. Before this role, he used to be the Managing Director of Dell [India. He led Dell India from 2006 to 2008. Prior to Dell and Microsoft, Rajan worked for McKinsey & Company in USA, where he was a partner. Rajan is of Sri Lankan Tamil descent, and is the son of former Guinness World Records holder V.S. Kumar Anandan. Rajan is also one of the investors and advisers at Socialblood and Capillary Technologies. He is also on the Advisory Board of Sapience_Analytics and 24/7 Techies.

</doc>
<doc id="21590703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590703" title="Luisa Marzotto">
Luisa Marzotto

Luisa Marzotto (born 17 March 1984) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.
College soccer.
Marzotto played college soccer for Mississippi State University. In 2003, her freshman year, she won awards for best freshman in the Southeastern Conference women's soccer competition, was selected on the All-SEC team and made the SEC All-Freshman Team. She also set a MSU record for the most amount of clean sheets.
Representative football.
Marzotto played four matches for the Australia women's national under-20 football team at the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Canada.
Futsal.
In January 2009 Marzotto represented the Australian Capital Territory in the FFA National Futsal Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21590708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590708" title="Albert Bach">
Albert Bach

Albert Bach (November 29, 1910 – July 22, 2003) was an Austrian soldier, at last in the rank of a Generalmajor, and skier. In 1936 he was also leader of the national Olympic military patrol team, which finished fourth at the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Biography.
Bach was born in Treffen, a son of a farmer. After visiting the Realgymnasium in Villach, he joined the former Bundesheer on September 1, 1931. On October 26, 1931 he became a member of the NSDAP (No. 612,639). He also was a member of the NS-Soldatenring. On September 30, 1932 he passed his officer training in Enns and at the Theresian Military Academy in Wiener Neustadt. For his deployment during the Austrian Civil War he was awarded with the Bronze Medal for Service to the Republic of Austria. On September 1, 1935 he was advanced to the rank of a Leutnant, and transferred to the Infanterieregiment Nr. 7 ("infantry regiment") in Klagenfurt.
Service in the German Wehrmacht during World War II.
On March 13, 1938 he was assumed by the German Wehrmacht, got the rank of an Oberleutnant and was company commander in the Gebirgsjäger regiment 139 in Villach. In the beginning of 1939 he was chosen for the general staff officer training at the Kriegsakademie, but he could not take part because of the beginning of World War II. During the Invasion of Poland he served as an ordnance officer in the Gebirgsjägerregiment 139. In January 1940 he was transferred to the staff of the 3rd Mountain Division for the general staff officer pre-training. For his engagement during the Battles of Narvik he was awarded with the Iron Cross, both classes. From autumn of 1940 to 1041 in the rank of a Hauptmann he visited the general staff officer training at the Kriegsakademie in Berlin. During the Balkans Campaign he served as liaison officer of the 12th Army, and took part in the preparation for the Battle of Crete, which he later observed in order of Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm List. During the campaign against the Soviet Union in 1941 he was 2nd general staff officer of the 30th Infanteriedivision. He held this position until August 1942, and was involved in the Demyansk Pocket, although he became 1st general staff officer of an army corps in spring of 1942 formally, he was made Major i. G. in November of the same year, and took part in the defence battles in Demyansk. In May 1943 he became 1st general staff officer of the 30th Infanterie-Division, was advanced to the rank of an Oberstleutnant i. G. and also awarded with the Golden German Cross, and was deployed in separate battles in north-western Russia. After September 1944 he served as 1st general staff officer of the 16th Army in the battles of Riga and in Courland, before he was captured by the Soviets on May 9, 1945. Shortly before and after the declaration of German independence of the provisional Austrian government (April 27, 1945), he became Oberst and Commander in Chief of the 16th Army.
Service in the Bundesheer of the second Austrian Republic.
In the end of July 1948 he was released and worked at his brother-in-law's firm in Sankt Johann im Pongau. He joined today's Bundesheer on July 26, 1956, where he served primarily as leader of the organization department of the BMLV (Federal Ministry of Defence) in the rank of Oberstleutnant (VB), after March 14, 1957 Oberstleutnant (dhmD). On May 1, 1958 he became deputy leader of the Section II under General Erwin Fussenegger, and was advanced to the rank of Oberst (dhmD) on January 1, 1959. On July 1, 1961 he became commander of the new Staff Academy (today Landesverteidigungsakademie) in Vienna. On July 15, 1963 he was made Commander in Chief of the Group II (Styria and Carinthia), became Generalmajor on January 1, 1964 and General der Infanterie on January 1, 1969.
Bach could not agree with the planned 1970 Federal Army Reform and asked for his retirement in 1972. He was awarded for his services with the Gold Decoration for Service to the Republic of Austria, and was retired on January 1, 1973. He died in Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="21590712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590712" title="Eugène Lacomblé">
Eugène Lacomblé

Eugène Edouard Bernard Lacomblé (Arnhem, 26 October 1896 - Java Sea, 28 February 1942) was an officer in the Royal Netherlands Navy from 1914 to 1942. He began and ended his career on board a ship named after Admiral Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter.
Life.
After the HBS, Lacomblé trained in navigation at the Royal Netherlands Naval College in Willemsoord in 1914. In 1917 he was promoted to lieutenant (Luitenant ter Zee or LtZ) 3rd class and was posted to the East Indies. There he was put on board the "De Ruyter", then under the command of LtZ N. Maats. Three months later he was made lieutenant second class and posted to the torpedo-service on board the torpedo-training-ship "Koningin Emma der Nederlanden". He then moved into submarines until the end of 1927, making some trips back to the Netherlands. In 1928, as lieutenant second-class, he was made first officer on board the "Brino" and within a year rose to lieutenant first-class.
In 1931 he went to the East Indies for the third time, this time on the mail-ship "Christiaan Huygens". Upon arrival in Surabaya he was, as first officer, placed in the Naval Barracks at Goebeng. At the start of 1932 he was transferred to HNLMS "De Zeven Provinciën" and in the summer was made equipagemeester of the Surabaya Naval Establishment. Three years later he returned to the Netherlands and at the end of 1935 was put in command of the minelayer "Douwe Aukes", stationed at Ostend and Rouen. He then spent a few months on the naval staff at the Department of Defence. In 1938 Lacomblé went to the East Indies for the fourth and final time, now on board M.S. "Mamix van Sint Aldegonde". After arriving there he was made first officer of the cruiser 'De Ruyter', then commanded by KtZ H.J. Bueninck. On 1 February 1940 Lacomblé was promoted to Kapitein-LtZ. During the Japanese invasion of the East Indies he was the commander of the "De Ruyter", from which Karel Doorman commanded the 'Combined Striking Force'. On 27 February the "De Ruyter" was hit by a Japanese torpedo during the Battle of the Java Sea and Doorman and Lacomblé got the crew off the ship, though they went down with it themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="21590714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590714" title="Stand, Greater Manchester">
Stand, Greater Manchester

Stand is a residential area in Whitefield, Greater Manchester. The name is derived from a hunting stand, from which the surrounding countryside could be scanned for game.
Stand Old Hall, built on the highest point in Whitefield overlooking Pilkington Deer Park (now the junction of Stand Lane and Ringley Road) was the manor house of the Pilkington family, Lords of the Manor of Pilkington and Bury. Stand Old Hall was replaced by Stand Hall around 1515 after the Earl of Derby took control of Pilkington. The old hall was converted into a barn and in the 19th century it became a shippon (cowshed). The old hall fell into disrepair and was demolished in the early 1960s.
The view from Stand Hall was thus described in 1806:
The large town of Manchester spreads along the valley in front of the house at some miles distance, and the less one of Bury is seen distinctly to the left, surrounded by villages, with simple cottages dispersed along the plain. The hills of Lancashire, Derbyshire, Cheshire, and Yorkshire rising in succession, spread in a vast amphitheatre, till lost in the immensity of space; while the rugged tops of the Welsh mountains, which I gazed upon as old friends, hide their heads in the clouds, of which they seem to form a part. . . . The neighbourhood abounds with families of immense wealth, and reminds me of what Clapham Common is to London. The villas of the gentry are handsome, and their pleasure grounds are tastefully laid out. The rich woods and green park of Heaton House, the seat of the Earl of Wilton, appear from the terrace of Stand Hall to much advantage; but the most prominent feature in this landscape is the pretty church of Prestwich.
Stand Grammar School was originally founded in 1688 under the will of Henry Siddall and had close connections with the Unitarian Chapel in Ringley Road. The school ran into financial difficulties in the early 20th century and was taken over by Lancashire Education Committee in 1908. A new school was built on Church Lane on seven acres of land bought from the Earl of Derby and opened on 6 September 1913. When the new building was opened the Old Standians Association put up a memorial to the school’s distinguished former pupil, Robert Clive, who became 1st Baron Clive, also known as "Clive of India". The school catered for both boys and girls until 1937 when a separate girls’ school was opened on Higher Lane. The boys’ school continued to develop with 700 pupils on roll and eventually became part of Bury College and was demolished in 2001. The alternative rock band Elbow met whilst studying at Stand College in the 1990s. Stand Grammar School for Girls on Higher lane was later renamed Philips High School and is now a comprehensive school and specialist maths and computing college.

</doc>
<doc id="21590717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590717" title="Praeparatio evangelica">
Praeparatio evangelica

Preparation for the Gospel (), commonly known by its Latin title Praeparatio evangelica, was a work of Christian apologetics written by Eusebius in the early part of the fourth century AD. It was begun about the year 313, and attempts to prove the excellence of Christianity over pagan religions and philosophies. 
Contents.
The "Praeparatio" consists of fifteen books which have been completely preserved. Eusebius considered it an introduction to Christianity for pagans. But its value for many later readers is more because Eusebius added information from historians and philosophers which was not recorded elsewhere. Namely:
Influence.
This work was used by Giovanni Pico della Mirandola (1463–1494) as a resource for his well-known oration "A Speech by Giovanni Pico della Mirandola, Prince of Concord". 
"Praeparatio evangelica".
The term also denotes an early church doctrine, "praeparatio evangelica", meaning a preparation of the gospel among cultures yet to hear of the message of Christ. In this view, God has already sown the older cultures with ideas and themes that would grow to fruition through interpretation in a fully Christian context. 
It should be noted that Eusebius' own Praeparatio Evangelica does not adopt the common notion (which occurs at least as early as Clement of Alexandria) of Greek philosophy as a "preparation for the Gospel." Eusebius instead offers a lengthy argument for the wisdom of the ancient Hebrews becoming a preparation for Greek philosophy (at least Platonic philosophy, see Praep.ev. 11-13). For Eusebius, the Greeks stole any truths they possessed from the more ancient Hebrews.

</doc>
<doc id="21590721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590721" title="Abel Davies">
Abel Davies

Abel Christmas Davies (1861 – 18 June 1914) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for London Welsh and international rugby for Wales. Davies was a tall but powerful wing, and was noted as being able to sprint the 100 yards in exactly ten seconds.
Rugby career.
Davies came to note as a rugby player when representing London Welsh, while studying medicine in London. He was part of the London Welsh team which face the touring New Zealand Natives in February 1889. Although London Welsh lost 2-1, Davies scored the try against the Maoris.
It was while playing for London Welsh that Davies was selected to represent Wales as part of the 1889 Home Nations Championship; becoming the third player from the club to be chosen for their country that season. The other representatives being Rowley Thomas and Martyn Jordan. Davies made his Wales debut on 2 March, at St Helen's in a game against Ireland. Captained by Wales legendary player Arthur 'Monkey' Gould, Davies was one of three players to make just a single-cap appearance during the game, along with Llanelli's Giotto Griffiths and Thomas Morgan. The Irish won the game by two ties to nil and was the first Irish win in Wales. Davies lost his position in the next season to Percy Lloyd and was never selected for Wales again.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="21590738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590738" title="National Highway 32 (India)">
National Highway 32 (India)

National Highway 32 (NH 32) is a National Highway of India that connects Gobindpur in Dhanbad district with Jamshedpur in East Singhbhum district in Jharkhand. The total length of NH 32 is , of which is in Jharkhand and is in West Bengal.
It starts from the junction where NH 2 touches Gobindpur. After originating at Gobindpur, it runs for a distance in Jharkhand and touches some major industrial hubs such as Dhanbad, Chas(Bokaro Steel City) before entering West Bengal at Goorinathdham. The last prominent town in West Bengal is Balarampur and it again enters Jharkhand at Chandil and ending up at Jamshedpur.
Route.
Jharkhand.
)telidih chas

</doc>
<doc id="21590743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590743" title="Mountain Home High School (Idaho)">
Mountain Home High School (Idaho)

Mountain Home High School is a four-year public secondary school in Mountain Home, Idaho, the only traditional high school of the Mountain Home School District (#193). It serves over 1,100 students in grades 9–12, from the city of Mountain Home and Mountain Home Air Force Base to the southwest. MHHS is located at 300 South 11th East, and the principal is Jeff Johnson.
The current building opened in 1954, with several additions, the latest in 2009. Previous buildings at other sites were built in 1926, 1905, and earlier, as yearbooks indicate MHHS graduates back to 1901. A three-year senior high school (10–12) for decades, freshman returned to the MHHS campus in 2009. The school colors are orange and black and the mascot is a tiger. The MHHS athletic teams compete in the Southern Idaho Conference (SIC) in IHSAA Class 4A, the state's second-highest enrollment classification (160–319 students per class year).
Mountain Home High School offers a prestigious speech and debate team, run by Mr. John Petti. Mr. Petti is an excellent coach and his team is one of the best, currently rank 49th in the nation. 
MHHS is the largest high school in Elmore County, which includes Glenns Ferry, which competes in 2A (with a 1A enrollment).
State titles.
Girls

</doc>
<doc id="21590748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590748" title="Invocation to Tamil Mother">
Invocation to Tamil Mother

Invocation to Goddess Tamil (, ) is the State song of the Government of Tamil Nadu. The Song was written by Manonmaniam Sundaram Pillai. All official functions of the Government of Tamil Nadu start with this song and end with the Indian National Anthem.
Official Version.
The official version of the Song is as follows:
Transliteration.
Nīrārum kaṭal uṭutta nila maṭantaik kelilolakum
Cīrārum vatanamenat tikalbharatak kaṇṭamitil
Tekkaṇamum atirciranta tirāviṭa nal tinunāṭum
Takkaciru pirainutalum tarittanarum tilakamumē!
Attilaka vācanaipōl anaittulakum inpamura,
Etticaiyum pukalmaṇakka irunta perum tamilaṇaṅkē!
Tamiṇaṅkē!
Nin ciriḷamait tiramviyuntu!
Ceyal marantu vāltutumē! 
Vāltutumē!
Vāltutumē!
Authentic English Translation.
The Authentic English translation of the above song is as follows :
"Bharatha is like the face beauteous of Earth clad in wavy seas;
Deccan is her brow crescent-like on which the fragrant 'Tilak'
is the blessed Dravidian land.
Like the fragrance of that 'Tilak' plunging the world in joy
supreme reigns Goddess Tamil with renown spread far and wide.
Praise unto You, Goddess Tamil, whose majestic
youthfulness, inspires awe and ecstasy."
Original version.
The official version differs significantly from the original text, which is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21590754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590754" title="Charles Langlois">
Charles Langlois

Charles Langlois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21590756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590756" title="Blizzard Worldwide Invitational">
Blizzard Worldwide Invitational

The Blizzard WorldWide Invitational (abbreviated as WWI) is an event organized by Blizzard Entertainment to meet players, offer playable demos of future games, and offer various activities linked with Warcraft, Starcraft, and Diablo universes.
Blizzard Entertainment's convention that has traditionally taken place in the United States of America is called BlizzCon.
Going to a Blizzard Worldwide Invitational also allows players of Blizzard's games exclusive in-game extras, including the Tyrael's Hilt non-combat pet for World of Warcraft.

</doc>
<doc id="21590757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590757" title="Hospital Carlos Andrade Marín">
Hospital Carlos Andrade Marín

Hospital Carlos Andrade Marín is a teaching hospital in Quito, Ecuador, managed by the Instituto Ecuatoriano de Seguridad Social (IESS). The hospital is a public hospital located in the center of Quito. It offers full services to those covered by social security.

</doc>
<doc id="21590763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590763" title="Petkovec">
Petkovec

Petkovec is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Jerome and belongs to the Parish of Rovte. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1526 and was rebuilt in the Baroque style in 1721.

</doc>
<doc id="21590767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590767" title="Toni (album)">
Toni (album)

Toni is a 1956 studio album by Toni Harper, accompanied by the Oscar Peterson trio. 

</doc>
<doc id="21590773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590773" title="Cecil Poynton">
Cecil Poynton

Cecil Poynton (born 10 August 1901 in Brownhills– died 12 January 1983 in Tottenham) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur and Ramsgate.
Football career.
He joined the Spurs in August 1922 after being spotted playing for Welsh club Ton Pentre. Poynton a popular, loyal servant spent over half a century at the White Hart Lane club in various capacities including ten years as a player.
The left back made his debut versus Birmingham City in December, 1923. In a career hampered by injuries Poynton made a total of 158 appearances and scored three goals for the Lilywhites in all competitions . He became the first Tottenham player to be sent off in a match against Stoke City before taking up the position of player coach of the reserve side in 1933–34. Poynton had two spells at Ramsgate as player manager. In 1945 he was offered the role of the 1st team assistant trainer with the Spurs and was promoted to club trainer in 1947, a position
he kept till 1972 before becoming the club's physiotherapist.
Poynton died at St. Ann's Hospital, Tottenham in January, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21590776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590776" title="Kalibata Heroes Cemetery">
Kalibata Heroes Cemetery

Heroes Cemetery, Kalibata (Indonesian "Taman Makam Pahlawan Kalibata", abbreviation "TMP Kalibata"), in Kalibata, South Jakarta is a military cemetery in Indonesia.
More than 7,000 people who are military casualties and veterans from Indonesian War of Independence are buried there. This includes many Japanese veterans of the Imperial Japanese Army who stayed in the Dutch colony after World War II of their own free will and fought for the Indonesian independence who are also buried there.
The cemetery is easily visited. The site is well set-out and neatly maintained. It is open to the public; entry is free; the cemetery is open from 6.00am-6.00pm every day.
The Japanese dead.
There were up to 3,000 Japanese volunteers who fought against the Dutch. Of these approximately 1,000 died, 1,000 returned to Japan after Indonesia's independence, and 1,000 remained and were naturalized in Indonesia. Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi visited on January 13, 2002, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visited on August 21, 2007. and Japanese Prince Akishino and Princess Akishino visited on January 19, 2008.
Notable people buried in the cemetery.
Indonesians
Japanese

</doc>
<doc id="21590783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590783" title="Lewes Rugby Football Club">
Lewes Rugby Football Club

Lewes Rugby Football Club, was founded in 1930 and runs several rugby teams at various competitive levels, including the senior men's sides, with a 1st XV in the London 3 South East league and a 2nd XV in the Sussex Spitfire 1 league., the woman's, girls' and junior Teams. 
View images of Lewes RFC 
Lewes RFC's home ground is the Stanley Turner Ground, Lewes.
In 2008 the club working in partnership with Lewes District Council and the Sussex Rugby Football Union offered young people in the area the chance to learn and take park in Tag rugby as a means to increasing the profile of the sport in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="21590792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590792" title="2002 Icelandic Cup">
2002 Icelandic Cup

The Visa-Bikar 2002 was the forty-third season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 22, 2002 and concluded with the final on September 28, 2002. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2003–04.

</doc>
<doc id="21590798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590798" title="Bill Goddard (footballer)">
Bill Goddard (footballer)

William 'Bill' Goddard (born 24 February 1880) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne, Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A late comer to VFL football, Goddard played a game for South Fremantle in 1900 and spent five years at North Fremantle before going to Victoria. He had previously visited the eastern state in 1904 when he toured with the Western Australian interstate football team.
Goddard, who was a centreman, performed well in his first season at South Melbourne but missed out on a place in their 1907 Grand Final team. He crossed to Carlton after two years and would be used by the club as a defender.
In a tumultuous season for Carlton, which began with the sacking of coach Jack Worrall and ended with two players suspended for taking bribes, they still managed to make the Grand Final. This time Goddard was picked for the Grand Final and played the premiership decider from the back pocket, as Carlton went down to Collingwood by 14 points.
Goddard continued to play in the WAFL well into his 30s and was a member of East Fremantle's 1914 premiership side. His final season was in 1918 and only an injury stopped him from ending his career with another premiership, with East Fremantle winning that year's Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="21590803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590803" title="Berenbaum">
Berenbaum

Berenbaum is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21590811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590811" title="Miss Philippines Earth 2009">
Miss Philippines Earth 2009

Miss Philippines Earth 2009 is the 9th edition of the environmentally-conscious beauty pageant, Miss Philippines Earth. The grand coronation night was held on May 10, 2009 at The Arena Entertainment and Recreational Center of the People, San Juan City. Fifty contestants competed for the title. The event was broadcast by ABS-CBN in the Philippines and by The Filipino Channel internationally.
Karla Henry, the winner of Miss Philippines Earth 2008 and Miss Earth 2008, crowned Sandra Seifert as "Miss Philippines Earth 2009". Seifert represented the Philippines in the Miss Earth 2009. Maria Venus Raj relinquished her crown to Grezilda Adelantar as "Miss Philippines Eco Tourism" who also won "Miss PAGCOR". The "Miss Philippines Fire" crown held by Kristelle Lazaro was won by Patricia Tumulak and also obtained the title "Miss Science and Technology". Marie Razel Eguia crowned Michelle Braun as "Miss Philippines Air", while Marian Michelle Oblea crowned Catherine Loyola as "Miss Philippines Water".
Results.
Placements.
Note: "Kirstie Joan Babor of Alegria, Cebu was later on proclaimed as the replacement of Catherine Loyola as Miss Philippines Water 2009"
Special awards.
Press Releases
Contestants.
Carousel Productions opened the contest to Filipina women of foreign ancestry, or living abroad in 2006. In 2008, Miss Philippines-Earth broadened its coverage to various provinces, cities, municipalities to send in their candidates.
Here are the 50 contestants that competed for the title Miss Philippines Earth 2009:
2009 Lil' Earth Angels.
Miss Lil' Earth Angels 2009 is the third edition of Miss Lil' Earth Angels pageant, the younger version of the Miss Philippines Earth beauty pageant. The finale of Miss Lil' Earth Angels for 2009 was held at the Robinsons Galleria in Quezon City, Philippines on April 24, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21590816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590816" title="Praprotno Brdo">
Praprotno Brdo

Praprotno Brdo is a small settlement above Rovte in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to the Parish of Rovte.

</doc>
<doc id="21590818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590818" title="Ancient lake">
Ancient lake

An ancient lake is a lake that carried water without interruption for more than one million years. The vast majority of lakes, including very large ones such as the Great Lakes, are of much more recent origin. The short life of most of lakes is due to continued sedimentation by their tributaries, which typically leads to complete siltation after several thousand years. 
In contrast, the longevity of ancient lakes can mostly be attributed to geological factors, such as plate tectonics, which can counter siltation.
Importance of ancient lakes' ecospheres.
With respect to evolutionary biology, ancient lakes serve as natural isolation laboratories. In analogy to the Galápagos Islands, ancient lakes form isolated 'water islands' in the midst of 'oceans of land'. An ancient lake's long lifespan may give rise to the evolution of endemic species (that are particular to their location). In comparison with the expanse of the oceans, ancient lakes allow evolutionary biologists to examine the circumstances that conditioned the evolution of new species within a reasonably circumscribed area. In Lake Tanganyika, for instance, scientists study the adaptive radiation of cichlids, while in Lake Ohrid, research focuses on endemic mollusca.

</doc>
<doc id="21590824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590824" title="Black Thursday (1851)">
Black Thursday (1851)

The Black Thursday bushfires were a devastating series of fires that swept the state of Victoria, Australia on 6 February 1851. They are considered the largest Australian bushfires in a populous region in recorded history, with approximately 5 million hectares, or a quarter of Victoria, being burnt. Twelve lives were lost, along with one million sheep, thousands of cattle and many native animals.
""The temperature became torrid, and on the morning of the 6th of February 1851, the air which blew down from the north resembled the breath of a furnace. A fierce wind arose, gathering strength and velocity from hour to hour, until about noon it blew with the violence of a tornado. By some inexplicable means it wrapped the whole country in a sheet of flame — fierce, awful, and irresistible.""
Causes.
The Black Thursday bushfires, the largest Australian bush fires Australia ever recorded, were caused in part by an intense drought that occurred throughout 1850 when the nation suffered from extreme heat. On 6 February 1851, a strong furnace-like wind came down from the north and gained power and speed as the hours passed. It is believed that the disaster began in Plenty Ranges when a couple of bullock drivers left logs burning unattended, which set fire to long, dry grass affected by the recent drought. The year preceding the fires was exceptionally hot and dry and this trend continued into the summer of 1851.
Conditions and progress.
The weather reached record extremes. By eleven it was about 117 degrees Fahrenheit or 47.2 degrees Celsius in the shade. The air cooled to 109 degrees by one o'clock and rose to 113 degrees around four o’clock. Survivors claimed the air was so full of smoke and heat that their lungs seemed to collapse. The air was so dark it made the roads seem bright.
Pastures and plains became shrivelled wastelands: water-holes disappeared, creeks dried up, and trees turned into combustible timber. Clouds of smoke filled the air; forests and ranges became one large "sheet of flames". The hot north wind was so strong that thick black smoke reached northern Tasmania, creating a murky mist, resembling a combination of smoke and fog. Homes, crops and gardens were consumed by the rushing fire leaving a quarter of Victoria in a heap of desolate ruins. The community fled to water to escape the suffocating air around them, returning after everything was over to the sight of "blackened homesteads" and the charred bodies of animals that could not escape. The weather at sea was even "more fearful than on shore". The intense heat could be felt 20 miles (32 km) out to sea where a ship came under burning ember attack and was covered in cinders and dust.
Eventually, a southerly breeze and light rain cooled the surface.
Consequences and responses.
The catastrophic fire caused the loss of human life, cattle, and land for miles and affected many regions including Portland, Plenty Ranges, Western Port, the Wimmera and Dandenong districts, Gippsland, and Mount Macedon. Farms across the region were destroyed, along with a number of settlements in Gippsland, Western Port, Geelong, Heidelberg and east to Diamond Creek and Dandenong. Three men from Mount Macedon lost their lives. Overall, the disaster resulted in the death of twelve people, one million sheep, and thousands of cattle over 40 to 50 miles (64–80 km).
The initial response to the calamity was a public meeting held on 11 February 1851 at Geelong. The community came together to discuss relief efforts for those affected, especially for citizens who lost everything. To assist the poor, many even cancelled outstanding debts.
More recently, the Australian government has made preparations and developed organisations to help Australians cope with the recurring disturbances. The World Wide Fund for Nature, Australia (WWF), has collaborated with the government on conservation efforts. The Council of Australian Governments (COAG), established a committee to determine measures that may be taken by governments, industry, and the community to minimize the effects of bushfires and their impact on society and the environment. In the Inquiry on Bushfire Mitigation and Management of 2003, several recommendations were submitted to the committee to help improve life in Australia. The WWF, for example, analysed the disturbance regime in Southern Australia and its causes, both natural and anthropogenic. Seeking to find a balance between asset protection and the conservation of biodiversity, the WWF recommended that the government’s committee examine the effects of human land use in order to determine the best methods for mitigation and management practices.
Ecology.
Intense bushfires are not uncommon in southern Australia. The region is one of the three most fire-prone in the world. Within the last two hundred years, the area has experienced and documented at least twenty-five major fires, beginning with Black Thursday in 1851. The intensity of these fires is due in part to natural fuels, such as sclerophyll forests in the region. While adapting to cope with drought and predators, the trees’ leaves turn into prime fuel for fires. They become tough as protection from dry conditions and to increase the efficiency of nutrient use. They also develop tough spikes and chemicals to protect themselves from small animals. The leaves’ tough surface allows them to last longer and build up on the forest floor and the chemical makes them flammable. The abundance of flammable fuel, however, can cause an inferno with a single spark.
The area’s disturbance regime has shaped the landscape by causing the plant communities to evolve and develop mechanisms to aid in speedy recovery. The native species of the Australian bush, for example, have developed post fire seed release and smoke exposure germination. Other plants, such as Acacia, Eucalyptus, and Monotoca elliptica have adapted to survive in dry, nutrient poor soil.
The "Acacia oncinocarpa", "Eucalyptus miniata", for example, and perennial herbs all have adaptive mechanisms that enable them to live in fire-prone areas of Australia. Both the Acacia (a small spreading shrub) and Eucalyptus (an overstorey tree) can regenerate from seeds and vegetatively regenerate new shoots from buds that escape fire. Reproduction and seed fall occur during the eight dry months. Due to the area’s frequent fires, the seeds are usually released onto a recently burnt seed bed.
Perennial herbs, however survive fire by avoidance. They make up the understorey and grow during seasons with lower temperatures and more rainfall. By dying back in the summer they avoid most fires. During a fire, they have a bulb or root mass that lives underground, and only the dead stems and leaves burn, so the plant survives and begins to grow again the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="21590830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590830" title="Hogere Burgerschool">
Hogere Burgerschool

The Hogere Burgerschool or HBS (Dutch: Higher Civic School) was a secondary school type in the Netherlands and the Dutch possessions existing between 1863 and 1974. The school, with a five or sometimes six-year program, was continued in 1968 as VWO. The last HBS diplomas were given out in 1974.
History.
The HBS is a mid-19th century creation by the liberal politician Johan Rudolph Thorbecke, and resulted from the law on secondary education enacted in May 1863. Along with the creation of "burgerscholen" in each city of more than 10,000 inhabitants, the HBS was intended as a practically oriented education for higher functions in industry and trade. It was explicitly "not" intended as a sufficient education to enter university. According to historian Hans Verhage the form "hogere-burgerschool" (the hyphen indicating that "hogere", "higher", modifies "burger", "citizen") is linguistically correct, since it was a schooling system geared toward higher-ranked citizens, and not a higher school for all citizens.
The law called for at least fifteen such (non-denominational) schools; where those would be placed soon became a matter of contention. The most famous of controversies (the "H.B.S. kwestie") concerned the province of Limburg, which had only been part of the Netherlands since 1839. Maastricht, Limburg's capital, was the only city with more than 10,000 citizens, but the city refused since it preferred having a municipal rather than a government-run school, which allowed it control over the hiring and firing of teachers. Thorbecke, however, wanted a HBS in Limburg, since that would also strengthen the bonds between the (new) province and the central government: the HBS was to train the new national elite, and could thus aid in nation building. When Maastricht turned the HBS down, Roermond was proposed, where the local clergy feared that a HBS would damage enrollment at the local Catholic college, and the city council hastened to adjudicate the intended buildings to that college. A private letter from Thorbecke demanding the buildings be offered to the HBS was made public, leading to public outcry: at its heart, the conflict touched the special status of denominational education, and an additional source of anger was the government's raising of taxes in the province to bring it in line with taxes in other provinces. The HBS was founded in Roermond in 1864; the year after, Jan Augustus Paredis, bishop of Roermond, published an edict condemning "mixed" schools.
Part of the innovative character of the HBS was that it offered a higher level of education without training in the classical languages (Latin and Greek). Graduating from the HBS did not officially grant access to the university system until 1917, and universities still required a "gymnasium" preparatory training for the humanities; still, the HBS facilitated access to universities in sciences and technology, even if illegally—universities had in fact accepted HBS grads with additional examinations. It was an "illegitimate but tolerated type of pre-university education".
HBS in the Dutch East Indies.
The Dutch East Indies had a number of HBS institutions. There was one in Batavia (founded in 1864, named for William III of the Netherlands), one in Semarang, and one Surabaya; the latter is where the later Indonesian president Sukarno received his education and his introduction to Marxism

</doc>
<doc id="21590836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590836" title="Redwick">
Redwick

Redwick could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21590848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590848" title="Osice, Poland">
Osice, Poland

Osice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Suchy Dąb, south-east of Pruszcz Gdański, and south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 319.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21590856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590856" title="Charles Edwards (writer)">
Charles Edwards (writer)

Charles Edwards (1628? – 1691 or later) was a Welsh Puritan cleric and writer, whose works made him a major figure in the literary history of Welsh Puritanism.
Life.
Edwards was born in about 1628 in Llansilin, Denbighshire, north Wales. He was elected to a Bible clerkship at All Souls College, Oxford in 1644, but it is unknown where he went to school. After being removed from the clerkship in 1648 by the Puritan visitors (who had taken charge of the university during the English Commonwealth), he was given a scholarship at Jesus College, Oxford later the same year and received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1649. In his memoirs, "An Afflicted Man's Testimony Concerning his Troubles" (1691), he said that he had been promised a Fellowship but that this was denied because of his views on the rule of Oliver Cromwell. He left Oxford and, whatever his views might have been, he then became a preacher in Wales under the auspices of the approvers of the Act for the Better Propagation of the Gospel, and was given the sinecure living of Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant in 1653. In 1657, he became assistant to the Commissioners for ejection of ministers in north Wales. He lost his living in Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant after the Restoration, even though he swore allegiance to Charles II.
He separated from his wife in 1666 and moved firstly to Oxford and then to London, where he published the works that made him a major figure in the literary history of Welsh Puritanism. In 1672, he was licensed as a general preacher in Oswestry, Shropshire but returned to London in 1675, where he helped to print Welsh religious books, both reprints of earlier translations and new editions of more recent works by leading writers, and also the 1677–78 edition of the Welsh Bible. He returned to Wales and started farming, with his memoirs being published in 1691. Nothing further is recorded of him after 1 July 1691, the last date in the memoirs. His death date and place, and burial site, are unknown.
Works.
His works include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21590859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590859" title="Vempatapu Satyanarayana">
Vempatapu Satyanarayana

Vempatapu Satyanarayana (Satyam) was a schoolteacher, member of several Indian Communist organizations, and a leader of the Srikakulam Peasant Uprising of 1967, along with Adibhatla Kailasam. They had started the "land to tiller" movement in Andhra Pradesh, which later spread to South Orissa.
Satyanarayana joined the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) (CPI(ML)) through the All India Coordination Committee of Communist Revolutionaries (AICCCR). He became a member of the Central Organizing Committee of the CPI(ML) in 1969. Later, he became a member of the new Central Committee that was elected in the first party congress with Charu Majumdar as its General Secretary.
He was also the Secretary of the Srikakulam District Committee of the party. His small booklet on Srikakulam Peasant Armed Upsurge details the nature of Naxalite influence in the early phases of 1969 and 1970 in Andhra Pradesh.
Death.
It is a common belief among the Naxalite ranks, that he was killed together with Adibhatla Kailasam in a fake encounter in Srikakulam by the Andhra Pradesh police under the prior order of the state government around 10-11 of July 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="21590864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590864" title="Charles Journeycake">
Charles Journeycake

Charles Journeycake (December 16, 1817 - January 3, 1894), was a Christian Indian chief of the Lenape. He visited Washington, D.C. 24 times on behalf of his people starting in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="21590869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590869" title="Minuscule 215">
Minuscule 215

Minuscule 215 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A134 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 272 parchment leaves (size ), with a commentary. The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page (biblical text). The commentary on Matthew is by Chrysostomos, that on Mark, Victorinus of Pettau, Luke, Titus of Bostra, that on John is by Chrysostomos. 
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 237 sections, the last in 16:14), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin for liturgical use, synaxaria, and pictures (later hand). It has the famous Jerusalem Colophon ("from the ancient manuscripts of Jerusalem"). 
The manuscript is a duplicate of the codex 20 and 300, as well in its text as in the subscriptions and commentary, being without any later corrections seen in codex 20.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using Claremont Profile Method.
History.
It was examined by Birch, Burgon, and Riccoboni. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886. 
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Marciana (Gr. Z 544 (591)), at Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="21590879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590879" title="List of Bengali films of 1935">
List of Bengali films of 1935

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="21590896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590896" title="Harry Biemiller">
Harry Biemiller

Harry Lee Biemiller (October 9, 1897 – May 25, 1965) was an American professional baseball player who played two seasons. He appeared in five games for the Washington Senators in and 23 games for the Cincinnati Reds in mostly as a relif pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="21590905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590905" title="Levi Lewis">
Levi Lewis

Levi Lewis (1762 – December 1828) was a farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented the 1st riding of Lincoln and Haldimand in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1808 to 1812.
He was born in New Jersey, the son of Levi Lewis. Lewis joined a loyalist unit there but never served; he came to Grimsby Township in Upper Canada with his family in 1787. Lewis received a land grant and also purchased land from William Barber. Lewis married Mary Beamer. He served as overseer of roads for Grimsby Township. He later moved to Townsend Township and then Saltfleet Township. In 1818, Lewis was named a justice of the peace for the Gore District. He died near Grimsby.
His son, also named Levis Lewis, served as reeve for Saltfleet Township and built the Lewis House on Lewis Road, which is named after the family, near Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="21590915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590915" title="List of minesweepers of the Royal Netherlands Navy">
List of minesweepers of the Royal Netherlands Navy

This page is a list of all past and present minesweepers of the Royal Netherlands Navy, including shallow water, coastal and oceangoing minesweepers of the Mine Service. Auxiliary minesweepers which have aided the Royal Netherlands Navy are not included.

</doc>
<doc id="21590917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590917" title="Heliocosma argyroleuca">
Heliocosma argyroleuca

Heliocosma argyroleuca is a species of moth of the Tortricoidea superfamily. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania. 

</doc>
<doc id="21590918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590918" title="1972 Bristol Open">
1972 Bristol Open

The 1972 Bristol Open, also known by its sponsored name W.D. & H.O. Wills Open Tournament, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts. The event was part of the 1972 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix circuit and classified as C category. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain and was held from June 12 through June 17, 1972. Bob Hewitt won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21590933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590933" title="Brian Harold Thomson">
Brian Harold Thomson

Colonel Brian Harold Thomson (21 November 1918 – 7 November 2006) was a newspaper proprietor of D. C. Thomson & Co. and soldier in the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry. He was widely known as "Mr Brian" within D. C. Thomson & Co. and throughout the business community of Dundee.
Education.
Brian was educated at Charterhouse and spent a year in Germany before joining the family firm (D. C. Thomson & Co.) in 1937.
DC Thomson & Co..
Brian Thomson was a great-grandson of William Harold Thomson, a Dundonian who prospered first as a draper and later as a shipowner, and in 1884 became the major shareholder of the Dundee Courier & Daily Argus.
William's son, David Coupar Thomson, became general manager of the paper, and in 1905 a growing portfolio of newspaper interests was consolidated as D. C. Thomson & Co..
David Coupar Thomson remained chairman of the company until his death, aged 93, in 1954; but it was his nephew, Harold (Brian's father), who drove the expansion of its publishing interests, particularly in the field of comics. The Sunday Post, launched in 1914, introduced a "Fun" section in 1936 which became home to iconic cartoon characters such as Oor Wullie and the Broons.
Brian became a joint Managing Director in 1948 and succeeded his father as chairman in 1974. He conducted business according to strict principles of fairness and courtesy. He did not believe that his company's affairs were the concern of anyone but himself and his board, and he almost never spoke about them to the outside world.
His publications upheld traditional Scottish family values and tastes, typified by the homely tone of the Sunday Post and by magazine titles such as Classic Stitches.
Military service.
In September 1939 he joined the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry. Posted to Montgomery's Eighth Army in early 1943 and served in armoured cars in North Africa and in the intense battles fighting up the spine of Italy.
After the war he continued to serve in the Yeomanry. He was promtoed to Lieutenant-Colonel and from 1953-1955 he commanded his Regiment, the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry.
Family Life and Private Life.
He married in 1947 Patricia Cunninghame (died 1991) and had one son Christopher, now deputy chairman of D. C. Thomson & Co., and four daughters.
He loved his garden and woodlands, enjoyed shooting, and was a fine golfer at Royal and Ancient at St Andrews, where he reached the final of the Jubilee Vase in 1953; he continued to play regularly until he was well into his eighties.
Brian Thomson was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Fife in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21590937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590937" title="Midlands Rugby League Division Two">
Midlands Rugby League Division Two

The Midlands Rugby League Division Two is a summer rugby league tournament in the Midlands region of England. It was previously known as the Midlands Rugby League and the Midlands Merit League. Its season runs from April to August.
History.
The "Midlands Merit League" was founded in late 2005 to support the growth of rugby league in non-heartland areas. The 2007 season saw the introduction of an informal under-15 league Midlands Junior League based on Merit League principles. In 2008 the junior competition featured under-14 and under-16 divisions.
The league was renamed RL Merit League (RLML) for the 2008 season due to its increased geographical spread with teams from the North of England taking part. 2009 saw the largest ever entry, with over 30 teams split into two Northern pools; "Yorkshire and Humber" and "North West" and the stand-alone Midlands Rugby League.
In 2012, the Rugby League Conference was replaced by regional leagues and the Midlands Rugby League took control of the RLC Midlands Premier Division and the RLC Midlands regional division. The old Midlands Rugby League continued as Division Two of the new Midlands pyramid.
Participating clubs.
The participating clubs in 2012 were:
Format.
The scoring system for 2010 for the Midlands Rugby League men's competition was as follows:
Win: 3 points
Draw: 2 points
Defeat not conceded: 1 point
Default on game within three days of fixture: 0 points, with 24-0 score-line awarded to the opposition.
The average number of points scored per game, rather than the total, determines positions in the league table. Teams who have played 6 or more games will be placed higher in the table than those who haven't. If the average is the same, total games played followed by points difference will determine the placings.
Inter-league games between members of the Midlands Rugby League and the London League or RL Merit League can be counted as competitive matches, whilst both leagues are in season. These fixtures will need to be confirmed a week in advance to be guaranteed inclusion as regular season games.
Past winners.
For the sake of completeness, previous Midlands competitions are included.

</doc>
<doc id="21590944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590944" title="Mark Sholtez">
Mark Sholtez

Mark Sholtez is an Australian singer-songwriter. His debut album, "Real Street" from 2006, has resulted in nominations for an ARIA Award and APRA Awards winning an APRA for 'Most Performed Jazz Work' for "Love Me for the Cool" in 2007. His follow-up album is titled "The Distance Between Two Truths".
Biography.
Shortly after signing a deal with the U.S. label Verve Records, Sholtez recorded his debut album, "Real Street", in New York City. The album's cast includes multiple Grammy-winning producer (and Verve Music Group chairman) Tommy LiPuma (Frank Sinatra, Diana Krall, Nat King Cole, George Benson, Barbra Streisand, Al Jarreau, Miles Davis) along with noted veteran engineer Al Schmitt and a prestigious cast of players that includes Christian McBride on bass, Rob Mounsey on keyboards, Geoffrey Keezer on piano, Bob Mann on guitar, Chris Potter on sax and Lewis Nash on drums.
"Real Street" was released in April 2006 and debuted in the ARIA Jazz and Blues chart at the number one position where it stayed for ten consecutive weeks. The same year, it was nominated for an ARIA Music Awards.
In 2007, having written three of the five songs nominated in the category of Most Performed Jazz Work, Sholtez's original composition "Love Me for the Cool" won him an APRA Awards.
His follow-up album "The Distance Between Two Truths" was recorded in LA with producer Larry Klein. The album features Larry Goldings on keyboards, David Piltch on bass, Doug Pettibone and Bruce Woodward on guitars, Brian MacLeod on drums and Kate Markowitz on backing vocals.
Awards and nominations.
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA).

</doc>
<doc id="21590955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590955" title="Gia Ciambotti">
Gia Ciambotti

Gia Ciambotti (born September 13, 1962 in Hollywood, California) is an American singer. She first came to prominence in the late 1980s as a member of the band The Graces, with Charlotte Caffey and Meredith Brooks. The group released the album "Perfect View" in 1989 and had a Billboard Hot 100 hit with the single "Lay Down Your Arms". The group disbanded in the early 1990s.
In 1992, Gia Ciambotti joined Bruce Springsteen as a backing vocalist for his Bruce Springsteen and the "Other Band" Tour. Since then she has worked as a session singer for artists such as Lucinda Williams, Natalie Cole, Chicago and others. She also performed with a group called The Scarletts (who were originally called BooBoo Fine Jelly).
In 2004, she released her first album in collaboration with Ned Albright. Titled "Snowflake", it is a collection of traditional and original lullabies for children. 2007 saw the release of her first proper solo album, "Right As Rain". She is the daughter of bassist John Ciambotti.

</doc>
<doc id="21590974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590974" title="Shantabai Kamble">
Shantabai Kamble

Shantabai Krushnaji Kamble (born March 1, 1923) is a Marathi writer and Dalit activist. She wrote first Dalit woman autobiography. She was from the community which economically and socially deprived class. But her family always built her moral, and gradually due to good educational assistance, she goes beyond the boundaries. Education is the weapon which made her strong and sharp in the life. She strongly believe that the path Dr. B. R. Ambedkar showed is not only right but we could achieve our goal through this path, and she is very good example of it.
Biography.
Early age.
"Shantabai Krushnaji Kamble" born in a Mahar Dalit family on March 1, 1923. Her birthplace was Mahud which is located in Solapur. She was from poor family. The social and economical status of her family's community was very low.
Educational Struggle.
In India the ritual says to lower caste people "Education is not their cup of tea" so education was prohibited for these people. The worst thing was she was a woman and no girl used to go to school at that time. But her parents decided to send her school because of her extraordinary talent.
Life after marriage.
After her marriage, she converted as Buddhist. The basic ideology behind this conversion is to fight against wrong rituals and severity of casteism. The basic inspiration behind conversion is Dr. B. R. Ambedkar. Ambedkar told to these people was they should earn status in this world by way of education and unity. Shantabai Kamble was followed his path and she did a great job.
Her book.
Shantabai Kamble's Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha published as a complete book in 1986 but presented to readers and television audiences in serial form named as Najuka through the early 1980s, is considered the first autobiographical narrative by Dalit woman writer. This book included in the University of Mumbai's syllabus

</doc>
<doc id="21590978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590978" title="Frank Godbould Lee">
Frank Godbould Lee

Sir Frank Godbould Lee KCB, CMG, PC (26 August 1903 - 23 April 1971) was a British public servant and Master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
Lee was born on 26 August 1903 in Colchester, Essex to Joseph Lee and Florence née Brown.
He was educated at Brentwood School and Downing College, Cambridge where he read English. After Cambridge he joined the civil service in the Colonial Office where he stayed from 1926 until 1940. He then moved to the Treasury and was Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Food when he was knighted in January 1950. In 1951 he became Permanent Secretary to the Board of Trade, before eventually moving back to the Treasury and becoming Joint Permanent Secretary.
In 1958, he delivered the Stamp memorial lecture, on the subject of The Board of Trade, which was subsequently published as a monograph by The University of London.
On 2 October 1962 he was made a privy councillor.
He retired from the civil service in 1962 and was duly appointed Master of Corpus Christi College Cambridge, a post he held until his death in 1971.≥
The Frank Lee Leisure Centre in Cambridge is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="21590987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590987" title="1PW Tag Team Championship">
1PW Tag Team Championship

The One Pro Wrestling (1PW) Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in One Pro Wrestling. The title was established in 2006. Title reigns are determined by professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers, involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers are portrayed as either villains or fan favorites as they follow a series of tension-building events, which culminate into a wrestling match or series of matches for the championship.
Title History.
As of .

</doc>
<doc id="21590989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590989" title="Patrick Jameson">
Patrick Jameson

Air Commodore Patrick Geraint "Jamie" Jameson CB, DSO, DFC & Bar (10 November 1912 – 1 October 1996) was a New Zealander who flew with the Royal Air Force and was recognised as an flying ace.
Early life.
Jameson was born on 10 November 1912 in Wellington, New Zealand and was educated in Lower Hutt before taking up employment as an assurance clerk with Colonial Mutual Life. He learned to fly privately in 1933 at the Wellington Aero Club, and in January 1936 left New Zealand and travelled to England.
Military career.
In England, Jameson joined the Royal Air Force (Service Number 37813). He completed his flying training in January 1937 and was posted to No. 46 Squadron RAF.
At the outbreak of World War II, Jameson was a flight commander on 46 Sqn, flying Hurricanes. From April 1940 he took part in the Norwegian Campaign, In the campaign he destroyed a Junkers Ju 88 and had a share in two Dornier Do 26 flying boats.
In June it was decided to evacuate all Allied forces from Norway. On 7 June No. 46 Squadron landed its Hurricanes successfully on the flight deck of , the first time Hurricanes had landed on a carrier. This was achieved by fixing sandbags under the tailplanes to shorten the landing run. Jameson led the first three aircraft in the attempt, and after making a successful landing (repeated by the other two pilots) he sent a radio signal and the rest of the squadron followed suit. 
The carrier, along with the escort destroyers and , was intercepted on the way to the UK by the German battleships and on 8 June. All three ships were eventually sunk by shelling. Jameson and his CO, S/L "Bing" Cross found themselves on a Carley float with thirty other survivors. After three days drifting in the freezing temperatures only seven men were alive to be picked up by the Norwegian cargo vessel, . The two RAF pilots being the only surviving pilots of their unit. Of some 1,474 men on board the three ships, only 45 survived. 
For his services in Norway Jameson was awarded the D.F.C. in July. 
After recovery at Gleneagles Hospital in Scotland, Jameson took command of No. 266 Squadron RAF in September 1940, as part of Douglas Bader's "Big Wing". In June 1941 he was posted in as Wing Leader, Wittering Wing, before becoming Acting Station Commander, RAF Wittering in October 1941.
In August 1942 he led the Wittering Wing over Dieppe, and in December was posted to RAF North Weald to command 331 & 332 Norwegian Squadrons. After a spell on the staff at 11 Group Operational planning, in July 1944 he took command of 122 (Mustang) Wing, ending the war an ace with nine destroyed, one probable and another shared, two damaged and two destroyed on water.
In September 1945 he was Officer Commanding RAF Schleswigland and was later Officer Commanding of RAF Wunsdorf.
Jameson retired in 1960 and, after being treated for tuberculosis, returned to New Zealand.
Awards and decorations.
DFC citation
Acting Flight Lieutenant Patrick Geraint JAMESON (37813). 
This officer led his flight with determination over completely strange country during operations in the Narvik area. He discovered and set on fire, two four-engined enemy flying boats which were concealed against the almost vertical side of Rombaksfjord, in a position most difficult to attack. No trace of them was found during a reconnaissance shortly afterwards. The following morning he destroyed a Junkers 88 over Ofotfjord. During the previous seven months he has led his flight with skill and determination, both by day and by night, often in extremely bad weather conditions. His example has been an inspiration to the rest of the squadron.
Citation for Bar to DFC:
Acting Wing Commander Patrick Geraint JAMESON, DFC (37813), Reserve of Air Force Officers, No.266 Squadron. 
This officer has set a high standard in the performance of his duties. He is a fine leader whose unsparing efforts have contributed to the excellent fighting spirit of his fellow pilots. Wing Commander Jameson has destroyed six enemy aircraft, one being shot down at night, and he has damaged two others. His bearing in the face of the enemy has been of the highest order.
Acting Wing Commander Patrick Geraint JAMESON, DFC (37813).
Since December, 1942, this officer has led the wing on 21 sorties in which 13 enemy aircraft have been destroyed. Early in February 1943, over France, the wing was attacked by some 60 enemy fighters. During the combat, Wing Commander Jameson was attacked by 8 of the enemy aircraft but he fought his way clear and eventually led the wing back to base without loss. Some days later, whilst acting as escort to a force of bombers, the wing engaged a large formation of enemy fighters and shot down 7 of them, 2 being destroyed by Wing Commander Jameson. By his inspiring leadership and fine fighting qualities, this officer has won the complete confidence of all with whom he has flown. Wing Commander Jameson has destroyed 9 enemy aircraft, 2 of them at night.

</doc>
<doc id="21590995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590995" title="The Weeds (UK band)">
The Weeds (UK band)

The Weeds were a short-lived indie pop band formed in Manchester, England in 1986 who were "fronted by Andrew Berry...'China Doll' was their debut single and they had split up before it had even been released".
The band featured Simon Wolstencroft; latterly of The Fall and The Stone Roses, Andrew Berry - a close friend of Johnny Marr and Morrissey, Nick Arrojo and Carrie Lawson - one time girlfriend of early Fall drummer Karl Burns.
Berry and Wolstencroft formed the band in 1986 and played several gigs around Manchester (including supporting Happy Mondays at FAC 151 - The Festival of The Tenth Summer) at the start of the year before recording and releasing their only single "China Doll" on Marc Riley's "In Tape" label; however, before the single was actually released Wolstencroft was recruited by Mark E Smith to join The Fall following a successful support slot.
Berry and Arrojo were employed at various times as hairdressers at The Haçienda club in Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="21590998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21590998" title="1981 Bristol Open">
1981 Bristol Open

The 1981 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain and was held from June 15 through June 20, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="21591013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591013" title="Tebenna micalis">
Tebenna micalis

The Small Thistle Moth, Tebenna micalis, is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found nearly worldwide although in Europe it is found south of the line Ireland, Great Britain, France and Slovakia. In Britain it is an immigrant that occurs irregularly. Outside of Europe, it has been recorded from China (Henan, Hubei, Jiangxi, Tibet, Zhejiang), Nepal, Russia, Japan (Honsyu, Ryukyu Islands), Afghanistan, Tadzhikistan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenia, Canary Islands, North Africa, Arabia, Asia Minor, Zakavkazye, Iran, Lebanon, New Zealand the and Oriental, Ethiopian, Australian and Nearctic regions.
The wingspan is about . It is extremely similar/identical to the Nearctic "Tebenna gnaphaliella".
The larvae feed on Asteraceae. They were recorded on "Pulicaria dysenterica" in the United Kingdom, in Australia on "Arctotheca calendula", "Cirsium vulgare", "Erigeron canadensis", "Onopordum acanthium" and "Xerochrysum bracteatum", and in Réunion on "Cynara scolymus" (Artichoke). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a sizable blotch with an ample quantity of frass. The larva may leave its mine and restart elsewhere. Older larvae often live free in a web under the leaf.

</doc>
<doc id="21591023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591023" title="Balochistan Police">
Balochistan Police

The Balochistan Police are responsible for policing in the province of Balochistan, Pakistan. Its current strength was 46018 as of 2008. The current Inspector-General of Balochistan Police is Tarik Umar Khittab, Bps 
See also.
The current Inspector General of Police of Balochistan Police is Tarik Umar Khittab, a grade 22 officer.

</doc>
<doc id="21591030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591030" title="Ravnik pri Hotedršici">
Ravnik pri Hotedršici

Ravnik pri Hotedršici is a small village southeast of Hotedršica in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Ravnik" to "Ravnik pri Hotedršici" in 1955.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Barbara and belongs to the Parish of Hotedršica. It is an old pilgrimage church and has the remains of a defence wall against Ottoman raids in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21591039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591039" title="Mine Service">
Mine Service

The Mine Service ("Mijnendienst") is the wing of the Royal Netherlands Navy dealing with mine-laying and minesweeping. It was established in 1907 from the Torpedo Service (the latter had been established in the 19th century, when 'torpedo' meant any underwater explosive).

</doc>
<doc id="21591042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591042" title="Copernicus Science Centre">
Copernicus Science Centre

Copernicus Science Centre () is a science museum standing on the bank of the Vistula River in Warsaw, Poland. It contains over 450 interactive exhibits that enable visitors to single-handedly carry out experiments and discover the laws of science for themselves. The Centre is the largest institution of its type in Poland and one of the most advanced in Europe. On 25 September 2012 the Centre celebrated its two-millionth visitor.
The first module of the Centre building was opened on 5 November 2010 with five galleries (On the move, Humans and the environment, Roots of civilization, Lightzone, Bzzz!); the exhibit for teenagers – RE: generation was opened 3 March 2011; a planetarium The Heavens of Copernicus opened on 19 June, the Discovery Park on 15 July, chemistry laboratory - 18 October; biology laboratory - 15 November, robotics workshop - 6 December, and physics laboratory - 20 December. 
Since 2008, the Copernicus Science Centre together with Polish Radio has organized the Science Picnic - Europe's largest outdoor science-popularization event.
In 2011 the Centre hosted the ECSITE conference (European Network of Science Centres and Museums) – one of the most important events in the field of science centres and museums in the world.
Building.
The Copernicus Science Centre building has been erected on the bank of the Vistula River in the very heart of Warsaw (the corner of Wybrzeże Kościuszkowskie and Zajęcza streets, above the Wisłostrada tunnel). The building design was developed by young Polish architects from the firm RAr-2 in Ruda Śląska, who won an architectural competition for the Copernicus Science Centre facility in December 2005, with engineers Buro Happold. 
The Centre complex comprises: 
Permanent Exhibition.
Permanent Exhibition in the Copernicus Science Centre consists of over 400 interactive exhibits. The exhibition is divided into six sections concerning various fields of knowledge:
Planetarium The Heavens of Copernicus.
The Heavens of Copernicus is a modern planetarium where you can see more than just images of the starry sky and related films. The shows concern a variety of popular science issues, including from the field of astronomy, natural science and ethnography.
The shows are displayed on a spherical screen surrounding the audience on all sides. Thanks to this solution, the audience experiences a feeling of immersion in the displayed world, which is strengthened by the high quality sound system deployed around the dome.
The "Experiment!" Exhibition and other activities of the Centre.
"Experiment!" is the first exhibition to be organized by the Copernicus Science Centre. It made its premiere appearance at the Warsaw Science Picnic in June 2006, where more than 10,000 individuals visited it in a single day. Since September 2006, it has been traveling around large cities and small towns to give their residents an opportunity to try out the hands-on experiments on their own. 
The Copernicus Science Centre also organizes "Family Workshops", where children (5–8 years old) together with their parents or carers can carry out experiments to help them better understand everyday phenomena (e.g. "where does the current in electrical outlets come from, how does a TV set work or why does yeast make dough rise"). The children can easily repeat the experiments themselves at home.
The Centre takes part in various events popularizing science: the "Summer" and "Winter in the City" events, "Science Festivals" and the "Summer with Radio" event. For teachers, the Copernicus Science Centre organizes trainings and competitions.
Form of organization.
The Copernicus Science Centre is a cultural institution established and financed by the City of Warsaw, the Minister of Science and Higher Education, and the Minister of National Education.

</doc>
<doc id="21591049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591049" title="Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police">
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police

The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police (formerly the Frontier Police) is responsible for law enforcement and policing in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police force is headed by Nasir Khan Durrani.
History.
The areas that constitute the present-day Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province have witnessed influences from various civilizations, such as the Persians, Greeks, Bactrians and the Kushans. Further, the land of Pashtun came under the rule of the Ghaznavi, Ghauri, Timurid, Afghan, Mughal and the Sikh dynasties as well. These dynasties maintained various arrangements to police over its populations, such as instating "kotwals" in cities, "chaukidars" in villages, "barkandaz" for the supervision of labour work of convicts and private militia in different Khanates of the time.
In 1849, the land of the Pashtun was annexed by the British. Initially the British maintained the policing system of the Mughals and Sikhs in major part of the Pashtun land, however, to establish durable peace and security Punjab Frontier Force was raised. After the war of independence in 1857, there was no organised police force in India and a full-fledged policing system was established under Police Act of 1861. The Act was extended to frontier territory in 1889 and a number of armed personnel were placed at the disposal of the Deputy Commissioner/district Magistrate for Police duties.
Police Act of 1861.
After gaining full control of India the British rulers constituted a Police Commission on 17 August 1860. This Commission submitted its report within 22 days with a draft Police Act which was enacted in 1861 and the present Police force came into being. This Police Act was drafted on the lines of Irish Constabulary Act and was primarily meant to create a Police force to consolidate and maintain the British Raj in India. It was absolutely different from the philosophy, duties and objectives of Police forces in Great Britain.
In 1901, the frontier territory was constituted as a province called North West Frontier Province (NWFP) and placed under a Chief Commissioner who was agent to Governor General of India. In this new province, two administrative systems were established: The British territory of the province was divided into five settled districts, i.e., Hazara, Peshawar, Kohat, Bannu and Dera Ismail Khan and the territories lying in the north and west of the settled districts were divided into five Political Agencies, i.e., Khyber, Kurrum, North Waziristan, South Waziristan and Chitral-Dir-Swat Agency. Each Political Agency was under a Political Agent. The settled districts were under the Inspector General of Punjab. Criminal Courts were established under Code of Criminal Procedure in 1889. There was Cantonment Police for the protection of garrison as well. For Political Agencies, different Levies were raised like Samana Rifles, Border Military Police, Chitral Scouts and Kurrum Militia. In addition to the Levies, the indigenous Maliki and Khasadari systems were also allowed to continue. Samana Rifles and Border Military Police were later merged in 1913 to form a new force – the Frontier Constabulary (FC) was constituted. In 1935, Police Training School was established in Hangu.
After a reasonable time of its introduction and operations on ground, the government of India appointed a seven member Commission headed by Andrews Henderson Leith Frazer on 9 July 1902 in order to have a detailed review and to recommend possible improvements. The Commission recommended limited organizational and procedural modifications.
After Independence.
The Police Rules were framed in 1934 which provide detailed instructions/procedures on all aspects of Police working. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the Police Act of 1861 was still in vogue, yet successive governments appointed 24 commissions and committees to suggest proposals to improve the police force in teething country.
From 1901 to 1947, all Inspector General were British military of civil officers. After independence in 1947, Khan Gul Muhammad Khan became the first local IG Police in 1948. In 1955, Muhammad Anwar Ali became the IGP when NWFP became part of West Pakistan under One Unit System. MAK Chaudhary was posted as IGP NWFP in 1970 after the abolishment of the One Unit system. In 2010, NWFP was renamed as Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) during the tenure of IGP Malik Naveed Khan.
Modern times.
From 1947 to 2001, no major paradigm shift took place in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa police organisation except when the police uniform was changed and black coloured shirt was introduced while the Khaki drill trousers of Pakistan Army was kept intact. This was done during President Muhammad Ayub Khan's time. This pattern of uniform is still in use.
The Government promulgated a new police order 2002 which brought many important changes in the police system and made it more responsive accountable and democratic.
Agency executives of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police.
Inspector Generals of Police.
The current Inspector General of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police is: Nasir Khan Durrani (since 23rd September 2013).
Below is a list of former inspector generals that served the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Police.
Additional IGs.
Various additional inspector generals of police are instated under the IGs to look after distinct affairs in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Below is a list of current AIGs:

</doc>
<doc id="21591058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591058" title="Brick Lane Mosque">
Brick Lane Mosque

Brick Lane Jamme Masjid (Bengali: ব্রিক লেন জামে মসজিদ "Brick Lane Great Mosque") formerly known as the London Jamme Masjid (লন্ডন জামে মসজিদ "London Great Mosque"), is located in the area of Spitalfields alongside the street of Brick Lane and Fournier Street in east London, England. The majority of worshippers of the mosque are of Bangladeshi descent; the mosque serves the largest concentration of Bangladeshi Muslims in the country. The building at 59 Brick Lane previously served the religions of a succession of other communities in the area. Built during the 18th century, it is one of the oldest buildings in East London which still stands today.
The mosque can hold up to 3000 people and is most crowded during the Jummah prayers on Friday. All sermons are delivered in Sylheti Bengali. In terms of beliefs and practices, the mosque follows the traditions of the controversial Sayyid Ahmad of Balakot. The mosque has close links with the Bangladesh Welfare Association, which addresses social and community needs. Arabic and mother tongue classes are available for children on the top floors.
History.
The building was first established in 1743 as a Protestant chapel ("La Neuve Eglise") by London's French Huguenot community. These Huguenots were refugees who had left France to escape persecution from the Catholics. The building survived as a Huguenot chapel for more than six decades. In 1809 it became a Wesleyan chapel, bought by the "London Society for Promoting Christianity Amongst the Jews" (an organisation now known as the Church's Ministry Among Jewish People), but this phase of its history lasted only 10 years. From 1819, the building became a Methodist Chapel. 
In the late 19th century, the building at 59 Brick Lane was adopted by yet another community. It became the "Machzike Adass" or "Spitalfields Great Synagogue". During this time, the area was home to many Jewish refugees from Russia and Central Europe. The population of Jews decreased over the years, with many moving to areas of North London. The synagogue, losing its worshippers, was eventually closed.
During the 1970s, the area of Spitalfields and Brick Lane was populated mainly by Bangladeshis who had come to Britain from the Sylhet region looking for better work. Many found work in factories and the textile trade. That growing community required a place of worship, and the building at 59 Brick Lane was bought and refurbished. In 1976, it reopened as a mosque, known as the "London Jamme Masjid". Today, although it has been renamed, it still serves the Bangladeshi community as a mosque.
The former 'Great Synagogue' in Fournier Street is a Grade II* listed building; the adjacent former school buildings (now used as an ancillary building to the mosque) is listed Grade II.

</doc>
<doc id="21591060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591060" title="Henry Merkley">
Henry Merkley

Henry Merkley (1758–1840) was a farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Dundas in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1808 to 1812.
He was born in the Thirteen Colonies, the son of Christopher Merkley, of German descent, and served in the King's Loyal Regiment of New York. After the American Revolution, Merkley came to Montreal and later settled in Williamsburgh Township. He was a major in the county militia during the War of 1812, later reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. Merkley was present at the Battle of Crysler's Farm.

</doc>
<doc id="21591062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591062" title="1982 Bristol Open">
1982 Bristol Open

The 1982 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1982 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain and began on June 14, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21591063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591063" title="Rovtarske Žibrše">
Rovtarske Žibrše

Rovtarske Žibrše is a dispersed settlement to the south of Rovte in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21591066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591066" title="Harriet Frank, Jr.">
Harriet Frank, Jr.

Harriet Frank, Jr. (born March 2, 1917) is an American film writer and producer. Working alongside her husband, Irving Ravetch, Frank received numerous awards during her lengthy career, including the New York Film Critics Circle Awards and the Writers Guild of America Award, and several nominations. Frank and Ravetch are considered one of the all-time great screenwriting couples, and many of their works are recognised classics of their genres.
Frank began her writing career after World War II, under Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's young writer's training program, where she first met her future husband. She married Ravetch in 1946 but worked independently for ten years, finally collaborating with him in 1957, a relationship that continued for the remainder of her career. During 33 years of collaboration, they created the screenplays for a variety of films, mainly adaptations of the works of American authors.
Frank and Ravetch maintained a close working relationship with director Martin Ritt throughout their career, collaborating with him on eight occasions; after initially being suggested by Ravetch to direct "The Long, Hot Summer" (1958), Ritt would eventually draw the couple out of inactivity on three occasions, hiring them to write the screenplays for "Norma Rae" (1979), "Murphy's Romance" (1985) and "Stanley & Iris" (1990). The latter was both the last film directed by Ritt (who died later that year) and the last for which Frank and Ravetch wrote the screenplay.
Life and career.
Early life.
Harriet Frank, Jr. was born and raised in Portland, Oregon. While her mother worked as a Hollywood story editor, Frank attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), at the same time as her future husband, Irving Ravetch. Having graduated at different times from UCLA, the two met in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer young writer's training program after World War II.
The couple soon married in 1946, but worked independently for over ten years, with Frank writing for projects such as "A Really Important Person" (1947), "Whiplash" (1948) and "Run for Cover" (1955). The couple first collaborated on the script of an adaptation of William Faulkner's novel "The Hamlet" in 1957 (released as "The Long, Hot Summer"), although Frank later said, "...in the end, we created mostly new material, so it wasn't really a true adaptation".
Collaborations and awards.
Martin Ritt, having directed "The Long, Hot Summer" on suggestion by Ravetch, then directed the couple's next collaboration, "The Sound and the Fury" (1959), once again an adaptation of a William Faulkner novel. In 1960, Frank and Ravetch collaborated on two films, "Home from the Hill", an adaptation of the novel of the same name, and "The Dark at the Top of the Stairs", an adaptation of a Tony award-winning play.
In 1963, Frank and Ravetch reunited with Martin Ritt to write the screenplay for "Hud", adapted from the novel "Horseman, Pass By". The film garnered critical acclaim, with the couple sharing a New York Film Critics Circle Award for "Best Screenplay" and a Writers Guild of America Award (WGA Award) for "Best Written American Drama". They were also nominated for an Academy Award in the category of "Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium".
In 1967, Frank worked alongside her husband and Ritt on "Hombre", a Revisionist Western film based on the novel of the same name. The next year, Frank and Ravetch wrote the screenplay for "House of Cards", a mystery film directed by John Guillermin. For "House of Cards", Frank was credited, together with her husband, under the pen name of "James P. Bonner". In 1969, Frank and Revitch returned to the works of William Faulkner, writing the screenplay for a film adaptation of his last novel "The Reivers".
1972 saw Frank and Ravetch write the screenplay for "The Cowboys", based on the novel of the same name, and "The Carey Treatment", based on the novel "A Case of Need" by Michael Crichton. For the latter, the couple were credited under "James P. Bonner", the last time they would adopt the pen name. Two years later, the couple reunited once again with Martin Ritt to write the screenplay for "Conrack", based on the autobiographical book "The Water Is Wide", with Frank also working as producer. The film was commercially and critically well-received, winning a BAFTA award. In the same year the couple wrote for an adaptation of the novel "The Bank Robber", released as "The Spikes Gang". Around this time, Frank also wrote two novels, "Single: a novel" (1977), and "Special Effects" (1979).
Return to screenwriting.
In 1979, following five years of inactivity, Frank and Ravetch returned to screen writing for "Norma Rae", with Martin Ritt directing. The film tells the story of a factory worker from the Southern United States who becomes involved in labour union activities. Unusually, for the couple, the film was based on a true story, that of Crystal Lee Jordan. It was arguably their best received film, winning numerous awards, including two Academy Awards.
Six years passed before the couple returned to screen writing, this time for the romantic comedy "Murphy's Romance", based on a novel by Max Schott. Once again they worked with director Martin Ritt, their seventh project together, and Sally Field, who had played the titular lead role in "Norma Rae". Despite "Murphy's Romance" being well-received (it was nominated for two Academy Awards) it would be another five years before Frank and Ravetch wrote another screenplay; hired by Martin Ritt, the couple wrote the screenplay for "Stanley & Iris", loosely based on the novel "Union Street".
Legacy.
Ten months after the release of "Stanley & Iris", on December 8, 1990, Martin Ritt died. Together, the trio of Frank, Ravetch and Ritt had collaborated on eight films and achieved considerable successes. As well as being the last film Ritt worked on, "Stanley & Iris" also marked the end of Frank and Ravetch's writing careers.
In a career spanning 43 years and 21 film productions (despite lengthy periods of absence), Harriet Frank, Jr. won 4 awards and received many more nominations, sharing them all with her husband. As well as with her husband and Martin Ritt, Frank collaborated extensively with other well-known actors, such as Paul Newman, writing for three of his film appearances ("The Long, Hot Summer", "Hud" and "Hombre").
Many of their films not only received critical acclaim upon release, in the form of awards ("Norma Rae" and "Stanley & Iris"), but those such as "Hud" (1963) are considered classics of their genres. The legacy of Harriet Frank, Jr. is today considered inseparable with that of her husband, Ravetch, and together they are considered one of the all-time great screenwriting teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21591082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591082" title="Lag (company)">
Lag (company)

Lâg Guitars is a French music company founded in the Occitania region of France, by master luthier Michel Lâg-Chavarria. Lâg is most popular for its guitars (e.g. the Lâg Roxane and the Tramontane acoustic series). Lâg has produced guitars since 1980, starting with Beast superstrat models to arkane, which is the most popular and requested from all. They are designed in a small custom shop in the south of France.
Phil Campbell of Motörhead and Charles Hedger of Cradle of filth use LÂG guitars. Roger Edwards - Wolverhampton of Joe Takes Brooklyn uses LAG Electro Acoustic.

</doc>
<doc id="21591089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591089" title="Michel Meslin">
Michel Meslin

Michel Meslin (Paris, 1926– Paris, 2010) was an emeritus professor and former president of the Université de Paris-Sorbonne (Paris IV). He established the Institut de Recherche pour l'Etude des Religions (IRER). A specialist in late antiquity, the history of Christianity and anthropology of religion, he published several works on these and other subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="21591095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591095" title="Torpedo Service">
Torpedo Service

The Torpedo Service ("Torpedodienst") was the branch of the Royal Netherlands Navy dealing with torpedoes and (until 1907, when the Mine Service split off from it) mines. It was set up in 1870 and originally manned all the navy's small ships, including the submarine O 1 (the Dutch Submarine Service arose from it), accounting for 1000 personnel in 1914. This dropped to 500 after the Second World War and in 1978, when the last mechanical torpedo (the Mark 8) in use by the Dutch Navy was phased out and replaced by electric torpedoes, the Service was disestablished.

</doc>
<doc id="21591102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591102" title="John Hamar Hill">
John Hamar Hill

Group Captain John Hamar “Johnnie” Hill, CBE (28 December 1912 - 1998) was a British Royal Air Force officer.
He was born on 28 December 1912 and educated at Dover College, where he had been a College Prefect and a good games player.
He took a commission in the RAF in 1932 and by 1940 he had taken command of 504 Squadron – a Hurricane squadron. He was shot down over France and wounded in a famous incident where he was mistaken for a spy. After recovering from these injuries he was given command of 222 Squadron whose Spitfires suffered heavy losses in the Battle of Britain.
Later in the war Hill was appointed chief flying instructor at No 57 Operational Training Unit and then Station Commander at Exeter and RAF Church Stanton. In 1942 he was mentioned in dispatches and posted to New Zealand as an Air Staff Officer. The end of the war saw Hill at Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force, where he was promoted Group Captain. He was appointed CBE in 1946.
After the war Johnnie Hill was seconded to the French Air Ministry in 1950 and ended his career as Director of Command and Staff Training and then Senior Personnel Staff Officer. He retired in 1960 and became the Export Officer of the Society of British Aerospace Companies and a VIP co-ordinator at the Farnborough Air Show. He died in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21591103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591103" title="Addis v Gramophone Co Ltd">
Addis v Gramophone Co Ltd

Addis v Gramophone Co Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1909/1.html AC 488 is an old English contract law and UK labour law case, which used to restrict damages for non-pecuniary losses for breach of contract.
Facts.
Mr Addis was Gramophone’s manager in Calcutta. In October 1905, he was given six months' notice of dismissal as legally required and appointed a successor. However, Gramophone also immediately took steps during this 6 month period to prevent Addis acting as manager, resulting in Addis leaving his job 2 months later and returning to England. This was humiliating. The jury awarded Addis £340 for loss of commissions and £600 for wrongful dismissal. Could there be damages for the manner of dismissal?
The Court of Appeal had allowed damages for the manner of the dismissal.
Judgment.
Lord Loreburn held that £600 was not allowed, that he could only recover his six-month salary and no more. At 491 he said,
‘If there be a dismissal without notice the employer must pay an indemnity; but that indemnity cannot include compensation either for the injured feelings of the servant…’
Lord Collins dissented.
Lord Atkinson said the case was in fact about libel.
Lord James of Hereford.
Lord Atkinson.
Lord Collins.
Lord Gorell.
Lord Shaw of Dunfermline.
Significance.
The case was met with immediate disapproval in a number of quarters. Sir Frederic Pollock, the editor of the Law Quarterly Review, and contrasted "an artificial rule or mere authority" to "the rationale of the matter" as follows. 
Slowly the case has been repealed as a matter of contract and employment law, illustrated by "Farley v Skinner" and "Johnson v Unisys Ltd".

</doc>
<doc id="21591117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591117" title="Royal Netherlands Navy Submarine Service">
Royal Netherlands Navy Submarine Service

The Royal Netherlands Navy Submarine Service ("Onderzeedienst") was the department of the Royal Netherlands Navy deploying submarines Walrus-class submarine and Zwaardvis-class. It was set up on 21 December 1906, out of the Torpedo Service, and merged with the Mine Service on 15 July 2005.
Submarines Zwaardvis-class submarine

</doc>
<doc id="21591122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591122" title="Pseudanapaea transvestita">
Pseudanapaea transvestita

The Orange Cup Moth, Pseudanapaea transvestita, is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in the east of Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21591125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591125" title="1983 Bristol Open">
1983 Bristol Open

The 1983 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1983 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain and began on June 13, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21591131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591131" title="King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital">
King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital

King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital (sometimes abbreviated KCMH, ) is a general and tertiary referral hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. It is operated by the Thai Red Cross Society, and serves as the teaching hospital for the Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University and the Thai Red Cross College of Nursing. With an in-patient capacity of 1,479 beds, it is one of the largest hospitals in Thailand.
The founding of the hospital was first proposed by King Vajiravudh, who, having observed the operations of the Red Cross Hospital of Japan during his travels, thought it beneficial to establish a hospital in the service of the Red Cross (then the Red Unalom Society). The hospital, named in honour of King Chulalongkorn, was founded through donations by King Vajiravudh and his brothers and sisters, together with the society's funds. The hospital was opened by King Vajiravudh on 30 May 1914.
Today, the hospital provides general and specialized medical services through its dentistry, forensic medicine, internal medicine, orthopedics, pediatrics, preventive medicine, psychiatry, obstetrics and gynecology, ophthalmology, otolaryngology, radiology and surgery clinics. It also operates five specialized medical service centers, namely: Cardiac Center, Glaucoma Imaging & Diagnostic Center, Excimer Laser Center, Chulalongkorn Craniofacial Center, and the Queen Sirikit Center for Breast Cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="21591138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591138" title="Beatrice Wolstenholme">
Beatrice Wolstenholme

Beatrice "Trix" Wolstenholme (later "Whalen", 1920 – 5 October 2008) was an English freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
She was born in Withington, Manchester and was the younger sister of Cecelia Wolstenholme.
At the 1934 Empire Games she was a member of the English relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×110 yards freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="21591159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591159" title="1984 Bristol Open">
1984 Bristol Open

The 1984 Bristol Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts that was part of the 1984 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain from June 18 through June 25, 1984. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and the singles title was won by Johan Kriek.

</doc>
<doc id="21591174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591174" title="Breakenridge">
Breakenridge

Breakenridge may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21591176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591176" title="Health in Portugal">
Health in Portugal

According to the 2013 Human Development Report, the average life expectancy in Portugal in 2012 was 79.7 years. The Portuguese Health Care System was ranked number 12 in overall performance by the World Health Organization in a 2000 report ranking the health care systems of each of the 190 United Nations member nations. Nonetheless it ranked number 27 as the most expensive per capita Health Care System. 
The Portuguese health system is characterized by three coexisting systems: the National Health Service (NHS), special social health insurance schemes for certain professions (health subsystems) and voluntary private health insurance. The NHS provides universal coverage although they have recently been implemented measures to ensure the sustainability of the service, for example, the implementation of user fees that are paid at the end of the treatments. 
In addition, about 25% of the population is covered by the health subsystems, 10% by private insurance schemes and another 7% by mutual funds.
The Ministry of Health is responsible for developing health policy as well as managing the NHS.
Five regional health administrations are in charge of implementing the national health policy objectives, developing guidelines and protocols and supervising health care delivery. Decentralization efforts have aimed at shifting financial and management responsibility to the regional level. In practice, however, the autonomy of regional health administrations over budget setting and spending has been limited to primary care.
The NHS is predominantly funded through general taxation. Employer (including the state) and employee contributions represent the main funding sources of the health subsystems. In addition, direct payments by the patient and voluntary health insurance premiums account for a large proportion of funding.
Similar to the other Eur-A countries, most Portuguese die from noncommunicable diseases. Mortality from cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is higher than in the Eurozone, but its two main components, ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, display inverse trends compared with the Eur-A, with cerebrovascular disease being the single biggest killer in Portugal (17%).
Portuguese people die 12% less often from cancer than in the Eur-A, but mortality is not declining as rapidly as in the Eur-A. Cancer is more frequent among children as well as among women younger than 44 years. Although lung cancer (slowly increasing among women) and breast cancer (decreasing rapidly) are scarcer, cancer of the cervix and the prostate are more frequent.
Portugal has the highest mortality rate for diabetes in the Eur-A, with a sharp increase since the late 1980s.
Portugal’s infant mortality rate has dropped sharply since the 1980s, when 24 of 1000 newborns died in the first year of life. It is now around 3 deaths per a 1000 newborns. This improvement was mainly due to the decrease in neonatal mortality, from 15.5 to 3.4 per 1000 live births.
People are usually well informed about their health status, the positive and negative effects of their behaviour on their health and their use of health care services. Yet their perceptions of their health can differ from what administrative and examination-based data show about levels of illness within populations. Thus, survey results based on self-reporting at the household level complement other data on health status and the use of services.
Only one third of adults rated their health as good or very good in Portugal (Kasmel et al., 2004). This is the lowest of the Eur-A countries reporting and reflects the relatively adverse situation of the country in terms of mortality and selected morbidity.
List of hospitals.
This is a list of hospitals in Portugal. It is sorted by city, region or metropolitan agglomeration. Most of the Portuguese Hospitals were inserted into joint centrally-regulated Health Super Units called Centros Hospitalares.
The next phase is already being implemented and it consists of including the local Health Centres into the region's Centro Hospitalar; those newly created Mega-Units are defined as Unidade Local de Saúde (Local Health Units).

</doc>
<doc id="21591197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591197" title="1985 Bristol Open">
1985 Bristol Open

The 1985 Bristol Open, also known as the West of England Grass Court Championships, was a men's tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix circuit. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain from June 17 through June 24, 1985. The final could not be played on the outdoor grass courts due to persistent rain and was moved to an indoor court at David Lloyds Racket Club in Heston. Marty Davis won the singles final in front of just a handful of spectators and commented "I haven't really played in many finals, and I didn't really care if it had to be switched here or to the Falkand Islands, I was just delighted to win it". 

</doc>
<doc id="21591207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591207" title="Kanaganahalli">
Kanaganahalli

Kanaganahalli is about 3 km from Sannati. An important Buddhist site, the place where an ancient Buddhist Mahastupa site found. It is on the left bank of the Bhima river in Chitapur taluk, Gulbarga District in Karnataka, India. Nalwar is the nearest Railway station about 19 km from Kanaganahalli. The Buddhist site about 2.5 km from "Chandrala Parameshwari temple of Sannati.
History.
The remains of the excavations site at Kanaganahalli can be dated to between the 1st century BC to the 3rd century AD.
In circa the 1st century BC the stupa at Kanganhalli was constructed, as per the inscriptions referred to as "Hama Chaitya" and it was patronized by the Hinayana and Mahayana people during the 3rd and 4th centuries AD. In the pre-Christian times with the advent of Shatavahana, the Amaravati School of art made a deep impact on the sculptural and architectural forms of Kanaganahalli region. This was indeed a period of great artistic efflorescence that gave the "Maha chaitya" here the most impressive form unsurpassed in the history of stupa architecture in the south India.
The sculptured panels of the "medhi" are distinctly of native creation. The skill of making two dimensional sculptures and the carving of typical animal motifs are also of indigenous nature. Exhibit a transition phase between the early phase of Amaravati sculptural art and the elaborately sculptured panels of Nagarjunakonda with the sculptural panels found at Kanaganahalli stupa.
The volumes of their improvement over their Amaravati counterparts. The mastery of the artist of Kanganhalli in carving the "geometric patterns, floral motifs, dress and ornamentation" of the contemporary times and the concept of composition of the subject matter in the large sculptured panels.
The Kanaganahalli "Maha Stupa" is the veritable gallery of eminent rulers like King Ashoka and the Shatavahana rulers (Simuka, Pulumavi) are immortalized by depicting their portraits at Kanaganahalli.
Unlike the torana of Sanchi, Madhya Pradesh, portrait of emperor Ashoka is said to have depicted there is inscription found at Kanaganahalli.
At Kanganhalli up to the anda portion of the stupa is available, although majority of the architectural members and the sculptural panels are dislodged from the original position.
ASI Excavation Site.
Kanaganahalli is the excavation site of the Archaeological Survey of India.
Excavation during 1994 to 1998.
and portrait of many Shatavahana king.
Inscriptions.
More than 50 inscriptions were discovered from the excavations site.
The very important discovery was the sculpture of Maurya emperor Ashoka.
International Buddhist Centre.
An important Buddhist site, Governament of Karnataka and ASI Planning to develop Kanaganahalli ( and Sannati) as International Buddhist Centre.
Government of Karnataka had constituted Sannati Development Authority and had appointed senior IAS official S.M. Jamdhar as its special officer.

</doc>
<doc id="21591214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591214" title="Warrick cycles">
Warrick cycles

The Warrick Bicycles company was started by John Warrick, the son of a Reading bargee. He was originally a gunsmith, being apprenticed to William Soper and the two had considerable success with manufacturing complex, very accurate but slightly unreliable rifles. John Warrick himself was a member of the Berkshire Volunteers and was a superb marksman which proved invaluable in promoting the company as he won many medals and competitions.
After some years the market in guns declined and Warrick turned his attention to the growing trade of bicycle manufacturing and he used both the Warrick and Monarch brands in their factory on the Caversham Road, Reading. The factory lasted until the 1970s, passing on to William Warrick, his son. They exported bicycles and it is known that they even supplied Orville and Wilbur Wright's cycle business.
The company specialised in delivery and later motorized tricycles, especially for ice-cream and for food delivery although they did supply bodies such as the Army Cycle Corps and several department stores. One of their bicycles can be found in Reading Museum. Many were used by ice cream vendors in the mid-twentieth century. Many of these were requisitioned in the Second World War to act as aircraft simulators, with radio equipment in the ice cream box and with vision restricted so that they could only be driven by instructions.
They also constructed batteries for electric cars and vans, although their early attempts at producing electric cars themselves were less successful.
Whilst their factory was located on the Caversham Road by Northfield Road, they ran a shop in Reading at 24, St Mary's Butts, (next door to the family home, now the site of a delicatessen) and on the Edgware Road in London. In later years they stopped making bicycles and moved onto enamelling, electroplating and other contract work, including making some parts for the prototype of the Concorde aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="21591220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591220" title="Eastern Region Women's Football League">
Eastern Region Women's Football League

The Eastern Region Women's Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – London & SE, Southern, South West, East Mids, West Mids, North East and North West. The Eastern Region Women's Football League feeds directly into the South East Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Cambs & Hunts WFL, Essex County Women's Football League, Bedfordshire & Hertfordshire Women's Football League, Norfolk County Women's Football League and Suffolk County Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
The Eastern Region Women's Football League includes teams from the counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, plus a team each from London and Northamptonshire who were part of the league prior to the reorganisation of the women's football pyramid.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One South including teams from Bedfordshire, Essex and Hertfordshire and Division 1 North including teams from Cambridgeshire, Norfolk and Suffolk. Prior to 2007–08 the Division Oness were split into East and West with Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire in the West and Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk in the East.
Teams.
The teams competing in the Eastern Region Premier Division during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the Eastern Region Division 1 South during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the Eastern Region Division 1 North during the 2012–13 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="21591234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591234" title="Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha">
Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha

Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha is an autobiography of Shantabai Kamble published in 1983. This is considered the first autobiographical narrative by a Dalit woman writer. This book shows the life of Indian woman who was from lower class of the caste.
Plot introduction.
The autobiography Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha by Dalit woman writer Shantabai Kamble, the protagonist of the story, Naja, bears the brunt of class, caste and gender. Naja is from the Mahar caste, one of the biggest Dalit communities in Maharashtra.
Najabai Sakharam Babar (renamed Shantabai Krishnaji Kamble after her marriage), was the first dalit woman teacher in Solapur district. she began teaching at the Solapur District Board School in 1942. Ten year, in 1952, she completed two years of teacher training and served as an education extension officer in the 'Jat' taluka of Sangli district.
She wrote Mazhya Jalmachi Chittarkatha ( The Kaleidoscopic Story of My Life) after she retire d from teaching in 1981. The autobiography was first serialised in Purva magazine in 1983 and was teleserialised as 'Najuka' on Mumbai Doordarshan in 1990. It has also been translated into French. The word Chittarkatha literally means a picture story but also indicates a sense of pieces of pictures being put together like a jigsaw puzzle.
Book.
Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha

</doc>
<doc id="21591237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591237" title="1986 Bristol Open">
1986 Bristol Open

The 1986 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain from 16 June to 23 June 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21591243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591243" title="Field training program">
Field training program

The Field Training and Evaluation Program (FTEP) was designed by the San Jose California Police Department.
History.
Pre 1960 San Jose had no formal training system. In the early 1960s they participated in a P.O.S.T. (Police Officer's Standardized Training), brief academy, initially utilizing an informal checklist. Lt. Robert Allen proposed an eight (8) week program in 1972 using the first DOR. In 1973 the program was overhauled and a department psychologist established the one (1) to seven (7) rating scale from ten thousand (10,000) behavioral descriptions from thirty-five hundred (3,500) D.O.R.s (Daily Observation Reports). In 1974 a questionnaire from seventy (70) FTOs established the rating criteria of a one (1), four (4) and seven (7) which was the basis of the Standard Evaluation Guidelines.
Program Orientation.
The "most" critical time of the FTO program is the first few days. The new job creates stress as a result of change. The FTEP is another step in the overall process. The trainee is the FTEP key figure. The FTO Sergeant should contact the FTO and trainee once per shift.
The Program.
In the standard FTEP Program there should be seventy (70) days and fifty-five (55) D.O.R.s. There are four progressive phases. The D.O.R. is completed each day and the scores are discussed between the FTO and trainee. 
Only phases two (2) and three (3) can be extended and only for twenty and five days respectively. A D.O.R. with a rating of one (1) for two (2) consecutive training days will be forwarded immediately to the FTO Commander.
The program described above is a base program modeled after the San Jose FTEP. It is important to note that many departments have longer and very restrictive FTE programs. The San Jose is only a base model and many departments develop similar programs with the differences ranging from minimal to the very extensive. Next we will discuss why FTEP programs are valuable.
Value of the FTEP.
The FTEP is a court tested and E.E.O.C. consistent program because it is part of the selection process. (Job related tasks) It is a test with the selection process. A good test is both credible and job related.
Legal Considerations.
The Commission On Acceditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. (COALEA), requires that any agencies seeking accreditation must conduct formal field training.
A good FTEP reduces civil litigation alleging negligent hiring and retention of trainees.
It's a cost-effective way of eliminating non-effective, non-productive personnel.
FTO (Field Training Officer).
The FTO is usually a senior officer within the department that has been trained in the FTEP. The FTO's duties consist of training and evaluating the trainee. He is responsible for explaining policy and procedure. He provides orientation to the trainee within their jurisdiction. He encourages self-initiated activity as well as good driving habits. The FTO is responsible for testing the trainee verbally and through written test. He is required to complete, document and discuss the scores from the DOR with the trainee. The FTO must provide remedial training for the trainee if it is necessary.
D.O.R. (Daily Observation Report).
The DOR is a sheet that is completed by the FTO and then scored at the end of the shift. The report is scored on a sliding scale between the numbers of one (1) and seven (7). A one (1) is unacceptable and a seven (7) is exceptional. The DOR encompasses twenty-nine (29) gradeable task depending on the departments program. Some of the task include, "Appearance, Attitude, Knowledge, Performance and Relationships". Each task category may have several sub-categories.
FTO program use by other professions.
FTO programs (sometimes called FTEP, probationary program, or other names) are a relatively new concept in Emergency Medical Services (E.M.S.). Many EMS medical directors are mandating a formal orientation process that is more robust and comprehensive than the credentialing process typically seen in hospital organizations. This is particularly true of agencies that perform "High Risk/Low Frquency" skills that are subject to increased scrutiny. As a result, there are a number of EMS agencies who are adapting law enforcement FTO programs to new EMS providers.
EMS programs are unique in that they have both public safety and medical concerns and parameters, and also work dramatically different schedules than normally seen in law enforcement. EMS agencies often struggle to integrate clinical parameters into the law enforcement model of evaluation. As a result, there are significantly more variation in programs than commonly seen in Law Enforcement. That said, agencies that have successfully integrated and developed and FTO program have better retention, performance, and accountability.

</doc>
<doc id="21591244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591244" title="Lambertia inermis">
Lambertia inermis

Lambertia inermis, Noongar Chittick, is a shrub which is endemic to south-west Western Australia. It grows to 6 metres high and flowers from spring to winter.
There are two varieties:
Distribution and habitat.
Chittick grows near the south coast of Western Australia from west of Albany through to around Esperance, extending between 50 and 200 km inland from the coast. It grows on a variety of soils from sand to gravel.

</doc>
<doc id="21591258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591258" title="Arpechim Refinery">
Arpechim Refinery

History.
Arpechim was founded in 1964 in a strategic industrial zone located in Southern Romania near Piteşti. In the same year the refinery built its first plant specialised in the production of carbon black. In 1967 another two distinct units were established, the Piteşti Refinery and the Petrochemical Complex () and the Thermal Power Station (). In 1971 the refinery was integrated with the Petrochemical Complex. In 1997 the state established Petrom as the national oil company also including the Arpechim Refinery. In 1999 Arpechim becomes the first refinery in Europe to produce and export diesel with a reduced sulfur content. In 2005 the refinery concludes the building of a new gasoil hydrotreater and new hydrogen plant. 
In 2007, Petrom started negotiations with Oltchim (a major petrochemical company in Romania) for the sale of the petrochemical sector from the Arpechim Refinery. The two companies agreed on the transaction and Oltchim had to pay around US$ 150 million to close the deal. On February 17, 2009, Petrom decided to sell the petrochemical sector of the Arpechim Refinery to Oltchim for the price of 1 euro (US$ 1.25), but the buying company has to invest US$ 140 million in the sector due to contract clauses.

</doc>
<doc id="21591280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591280" title="Centre for Excellence in Teaching and Learning through Design">
Centre for Excellence in Teaching and Learning through Design

The Centre for Excellence in Teaching and Learning through Design (CETLD) is a higher education initiative that seeks to advance higher education through design.
CETLD was created in 2005, a Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE)-funded partnership between the University of Brighton Faculty of Arts and Architecture, the Royal College of Art, the Royal Institute of British Architects and the Victoria & Albert Museum.
The centre was established as a five-year project, developed to enhance learning and teaching in design through research that brings together resources and expertise from Higher Education and collections-based partners.
Its objectives included the advance of understanding,practice-based learning, interdisciplinarity in design education, student voice and student-centred approaches to learning, use and application of collections.
The Centres for Excellence in Teaching and Learning respond to the British Department of Education and Science and the Department for Education and Employment visions for "purposefully linking learning institutions and providers--including universities, libraries, museums and galleries--in the development of a `learning society.'"
There are 74 British national Centres for Excellence in Teaching and Learning.

</doc>
<doc id="21591281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591281" title="1987 Bristol Open">
1987 Bristol Open

The 1987 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain from 15 to 22 June 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21591304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591304" title="Victoria Poleva">
Victoria Poleva

Victoria Vita Polevá (also spelled: Poleváya; ; ; born September 11, 1962) is a Ukrainian composer.
Biography.
Born on September 11, 1962 in Kiev, Ukraine, daughter of composer Valery Polevoy (1927–1986). Graduate of Kiev Conservatory (class of composition with Prof. Ivan Karabyts) 1989. Post-graduate studies completed there in 1995 under Prof. Levko Kolodub. 1990-1998 - lecturer in the faculty of composition, 2000-2005 – at the Music Information Technologies Department of the Kiev Conservatory. Since 2005 she has been a freelance composer.
2014 - member of the jury of the International Composers Competition "Sacrarium" (Italy)
A genre range of her compositions includes symphonic, choral, chamber music. Early works of Victoria Polevá were related to the aesthetics of the avant-garde and polystylistics (ballet "Gagaku", "Transform" for symphony orchestra, "Anthem" for chamber orchestra, "Еpiphany" for chamber ensemble, cantatas "Horace's ode", "Gentle light"). From the late 1990s her music became identified stylistically with "sacred minimalism" (A. Pärt, P. Vasks, J. Tavener, H. Gorecki). An important period in Victoria Polevá's creative work is related to intensive studies and embodiment of texts from divine services in the music.
Victoria Polevá's works are performed at the Beethovenfest Bonn (Germany), the Lockenhaus Chamber Music Festival (Austria), the Yuri Bashmet Festival in Minsk (Belarus), the Valery Gergiev Easter Festival in Moscow (Russia), Chamber Music Connects the World (Kronberg, Germany), the Dresdner Musikfestspiele, the Philharmonie Berlin, the Köln Philharmonie (Germany), the Theatre de Chatelet in Paris (France), the Rudolfinum-Dvorak Hall in Prague (Czech Republic), the Auditorio Nacional de España in Madrid (Spain), the George Weston Recital Hall in Toronto (Canada), the Yerba Buena Theater in San Francisco (United States), the Oriental Art Center in Shanghai (China), the Seoul Art Center (South Korea), the Esplanade Concert Hall in Singapore, and at festivals of new music in Ukraine, Sweden, Finland, Switzerland, Italy, Poland, United Arab Emirates, Peru and Chile.
In 2006 Victoria Polevá was composer-in-residence at the Menhir Chamber Music Festival (Swiss, Graubunden).
In 2010, among such composers as Giya Kancheli, Valentin Silvestrov, Leonid Desyatnikov, Aleksander Raskatov, Alexander Wustin, Victor Kissine and Georgs Pelecis, Victoria Polevá has taken part in Gidon Kremer's international project «The Art of Instrumentation», devoted to Johann Sebastian Bach and Glenn Gould.
In 2011 Victoria Polevá was invited by Gidon Kremer as composer-in-residence at the XXX Lockenhaus Chamber Music Festival (Austria).
In 2012 a butoh dancer Tadashi Endo did premiere of her ballet "Gagaku".
In 2013 Kronos Quartet did premiere of V.Polevá "Walking on Waters".
In 2013 Victoria Polevá was composer-in-residence at Festival of Contemporary Music Darwin Vargas (Chile, Valparaiso)
Among the performers of her works are: 
Victoria Poleva is a Laureate of the Municipal Prize "Kiev" in honour of Artemy Vedel (2013), winner of «Spherical Music» international competition (USA, 2008), a Laureate of the Prize of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Ukraine instituted in honour of Borys Lyatoshynsky (2005), a Winner of the All-Ukrainian Competition ""Psalms of the Third Millennium"" (2001, 1st prize), a Laureate of the Prize of the Ministry of Culture and Arts of Ukraine instituted in honour of Levko Revutsky (1995).
Since 2006 the Swiss agency ""Sordino Ediziuns Musicalas"" has been publishing her works.

</doc>
<doc id="21591320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591320" title="David Cowan (politician)">
David Cowan (politician)

David Cowan (1742 – 24 September 1808) was a Scottish farmer, naval officer, ship's captain, ferry operator and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Essex County in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1804 to 1808.
He was born in Lanarkshire and emigrated to the Thirteen Colonies in 1770, serving as gardener for George Washington at Mount Vernon. Cowan served as a lieutenant in the Royal Navy during the American Revolution and went on to serve in the Provincial Marine for Upper Canada, commanding ships on the Great Lakes. He lived in Fort Erie and then Amherstburg. Cowan also owned property in Kingston. 
Cowan is credited with bringing the first apple trees to the state of Michigan in 1796, a variety similar to the Red Calville which he brought to Detroit.
Cowan died on board the "Camden" in Fort Erie harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="21591323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591323" title="Civil procedure code of Germany">
Civil procedure code of Germany

Zivilprozessordnung (ZPO) is the German code of civil procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="21591337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591337" title="Civil procedure code of Austria">
Civil procedure code of Austria

Zivilprozessordnung is the Austrian code of civil procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="21591342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591342" title="1988 Bristol Open">
1988 Bristol Open

The 1988 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts that was part of the 1988 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Bristol in Great Britain from 13 June to 20 June 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21591347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591347" title="Gratification disorder">
Gratification disorder

Gratification disorder (also known as "infantile masturbation", despite occurring in children as old as 10, or sometimes "benign idiopathic infantile dyskinesia") is a form of masturbatory behavior that has often been mistaken for epilepsy, abdominal pain, and paroxysmal dystonia or dyskinesia. Little research has been published regarding this early childhood condition. However, most pediatricians agree that masturbation is a normal and common behaviour in young children and should be recognized as such. Failure to recognize this behavior can lead to unnecessary and invasive testing. 

</doc>
<doc id="21591355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591355" title="Kota Baru Parahyangan">
Kota Baru Parahyangan

Kota Baru Parahyangan in Indonesia is the city with Southeast Asia's biggest sundial, a shopping and eating center, one hotel, eight housing complexes, and three schools.
Bale Pare (shopping and eating).
There are restaurants such as Olive Chinese Restaurant, and many small restaurants. There is one small mart called AlfaMart.
Mason Pine Hotel.
The 7-hectare hotel has 135 rooms. For further information, click [http://www.masonpinehotel.com].
Housing complexes.
The complexes are equipped with houses built by KBP.
Schools.
Bandung Alliance International School (BAIS).
This school is located at Jalan Bujanggamanik Kav. 2. It moved from Ciumblueit, after its 52 years of serving.
Website: [http://www.baisedu.org].
Cahaya Bangsa Classical School (CBCS).
The school is located at Jalan Bujanggamanik Kav. 1 (right before BAIS)
Al-Irsyad Satya Islamic School.
The school is Islamic and is affiliated with Al-Irsyad Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="21591359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591359" title="Aeroallergen">
Aeroallergen

An aeroallergen ("pronounced aer·o·al·ler·gen") is any airborne substance, such as pollen or spores, which triggers an allergic reaction.
Pollens.
Aeroallergens include the pollens of specific seasonal plants is commonly known as "hay fever", because it is most prevalent during haying season, from late May to the end of June in the Northern Hemisphere; but it is possible to suffer from hay fever throughout the year.
The pollen which causes hay fever varies from person to person and from region to region; generally speaking, the tiny, hardly visible pollens of wind-pollinated plants are the predominant cause. Pollens of insect-pollinated plants are too large to remain airborne and pose no risk.
Examples of plant pollen commonly responsible for hay fever include:
The time of year at which hay fever symptoms manifest themselves varies greatly depending on the types of pollen to which an allergic reaction is produced. The pollen count, in general, is highest from mid-spring to early summer. As most pollens are produced at fixed periods in the year, a long-term hay fever sufferer may also be able to anticipate when the symptoms are most likely to begin and end, although this may be complicated by an allergy to dust particles.
Spores.
In fungi, both asexual and sexual spores or sporangiospores of many fungal species are actively dispersed by forcible ejection from their reproductive structures, which travel through the air over long distances. Many fungi thereby possess specialized mechanical and physiological mechanisms as well as spore-surface structures, such as hydrophobins, for spore ejection. These mechanisms include, for example, forcible discharge of ascospores enabled by the structure of the ascus and accumulation of osmolytes in the fluids of the ascus that lead to explosive discharge of the ascospores into the air. The forcible discharge of single spores termed "ballistospores" involves formation of a small drop of water (Buller's drop), which upon contact with the spore leads to its projectile release with an initial acceleration of more than 10,000 g. Other fungi rely on alternative mechanisms for spore release, such as external mechanical forces, exemplified by puffballs.
Foodstuffs.
It is thought that peanuts and other allergic foodstuffs may become airborne, thus triggering allergic reactions in susceptible individuals, especially children.
However, one report notes:
Eosinophilic gastroenteritis.
Eosinophilic gastroenteritis (EG) is a rare and heterogeneous condition characterized by patchy or diffuse eosinophilic infiltration of gastrointestinal (GI) tissue, first described by Kaijser in 1937 
. Aeroallergens can cause EG.
The stomach is the organ most commonly affected, followed by the small intestine and the colon
As a part of host defense mechanism, eosinophil is normally present in gastrointestinal mucosa, though finding in deeper tissue is almost always pathologic
. What triggers such dense infiltration in EG is not clear. It is possible that different pathogenetic mechanisms of disease is involved in several subgroups of patients. Food allergy and variable IgE response to food substances has been observed in some patients which implies role of hypersensitive response in pathogenesis. Many patients indeed have history of other atopic conditions like eczema, asthma etc.
Eosinophil recruitment into inflammatory tissue is a complex process, regulated by a number of inflammatory cytokines. In EG cytokines IL-3, IL-5 and granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) may be behind the recruitement and activation. They have been observed immunohistochemically in diseased intestinal wall
In addition eotaxin has been shown to have an integral role in regulating the homing of eosinophils into the lamina propria of stomach and small intestine
In the allergic subtype of disease, it is thought that food allergens cross the intestinal mucosa and trigger an inflammatory response that includes mast cell degranulation and recruitment of eosinophils.
EG is "managed" (treated) with corticosteroids, with a 90% response rate in some studies. Various steroid sparing agents e.g. sodium cromoglycate (a stabilizer of mast cell membranes), ketotifen (an antihistamine), and montelukast (a selective, competitive leukotriene receptor antagonist) have been proposed, centering around an allergic hypothesis, with mixed results. An elimination diet may be successful if a limited number of food allergies are identified.

</doc>
<doc id="21591360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591360" title="Coreus">
Coreus

Coreus is a genus of leaf-footed bug in the Coreinae subfamily. It is the type genus for the Coreidae.
Species within this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="21591402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591402" title="1989 Bristol Open">
1989 Bristol Open

The 1989 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts in Bristol in England that was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament was held from June 19 through June 26, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21591403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591403" title="Zone-H">
Zone-H

Zone-H is an archive of defaced websites. Once a defaced website is submitted to Zone-H, it is mirrored on the Zone-H servers, it is then moderated by the Zone-H staff to check if the defacement was fake. Sometimes the hackers themselves admittedly submit their hacked pages to the site. It is an Internet security portal containing original IT security news, digital warfare news, geopolitics, proprietary and general advisories, analyses, forums, researches. Zone-H is the largest web intrusions archive. It is published in several languages.Recently Zone-h was banned by some Indian ISPs due to legal prosection from Indian government.

</doc>
<doc id="21591406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591406" title="Penny Ramsey">
Penny Ramsey

Penny Ramsey (25 June 1947 – 11 February 2009) was an Australian actress. 
Ramsey's work is featured in over three decades of classic Australian TV series. Her credits include "Prisoner", "The Bush Gang", "Matlock Police", "Homicide", "Number 96", "The Box", "Division 4", "Mrs. Finnegan", "Riptide" and "Anything Goes".
Personal life.
Her partner was the Australian actor Rod Mullinar, and her mother was the actress Lois Ramsey.
Ramsey died of cancer in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21591409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591409" title="Al Burris">
Al Burris

Alva Burton Burris (January 28, 1874 – March 24, 1938) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball, playing one game for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1894. He also served as a coach and athletic director at Washington College.
Biography.
Burris was born in Warwick, Maryland. He started attending Washington College in 1892 and also played on the baseball team there. By his junior year in 1894, he had become the college's athletic director, in addition to coach of the baseball team. Burris also played in Major League Baseball. After the college season ended, he appeared in one game for the Philadelphia Phillies as a pitcher, giving up 10 earned runs in five innings against the Baltimore Orioles. He also had two hits that day and ended his MLB career with a batting average of .500.
Burris continued to serve as coach and athletic director until 1906. During the offseasons, he coached and played (at every position on the field) for local semi-pro teams in Cambridge and Salisbury. He managed the Cambridge team to the Maryland-Delaware championship in 1908.
Burris also studied medicine at around this time, and he eventually set up practices and a drug store after his initial managing days were over. In 1911, he returned to professional baseball and helped create the independent Peninsula League. He was the league's first president in 1915. Burris was also a minor league manager for one season, in 1924, when he took over the Salisbury Indians of the Eastern Shore League. In his later years, he concentrated on his medical practice while also teaching sports to the youth of the community.
Burris suffered a stroke in 1938 and died in Salisbury, Maryland, at the age of 64. He was buried in Hollywood Cemetery. Burris was inducted into the Eastern Shore Baseball Hall of Fame in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21591425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591425" title="Modified Newtonian dynamics">
Modified Newtonian dynamics

In physics, Modified Newtonian Dynamics (MoND) is a theory that proposes a modification of Newton's law of gravity to explain the galaxy rotation problem. Stars are observed to revolve around the centre of the galaxy at almost the same speed over a large range of distances from the centre of the galaxy. When this was first observed, it was unexpected because Newtonian theory of gravity predicts that objects that are farther out will have lower speeds. For example, planets in the Solar System orbit with speeds that decrease as their distance from the Sun increases.
MoND was proposed by Mordehai Milgrom in 1983 as a way to model this observed uniform velocity data. Milgrom noted that Newton's law for gravitational force has been verified only where gravitational acceleration is large, and suggested that for extremely small accelerations the theory may not hold. MoND theory posits that acceleration is not linearly proportional to gravitational force at small values.
MoND is one alternative to the more widely accepted theory of dark matter. Dark matter theory suggests that each galaxy contains a halo of an as yet unidentified type of matter that provides an overall mass distribution different from the observed distribution of normal matter. This dark matter accounts for the uniform rotation velocity data without modifying Newton's law of gravity.
Overview: Galaxy dynamics.
The original purpose of MoND was to explain the galactic rotation curves for spiral galaxies. A spiral galaxy consists of a bulge of stars at the centre with a vast disc of stars orbiting around the central group. If the orbits of the stars were governed solely by gravitational force and the observed distribution of normal matter (stars, gas clouds, dust, etc.), it was expected that stars at the outer edge of the disc would have a much lower orbital velocity than those near the middle. In the observed galaxies this pattern is not apparent. Stars near the outer edge orbit the centre of the galaxy at the same speed as stars closer to the middle.
The dotted curve A in Figure 1 at left shows the predicted orbital velocity as a function of distance from the galactic center assuming neither MoND nor dark matter. The solid curve B shows the observed distribution. Instead of decreasing asymptotically to zero as the effect of gravity wanes, this curve remains flat, showing the same velocity at increasing distances from the bulge. Astronomers call this phenomenon the "flattening of galaxies' rotation curves".
Scientists hypothesized that the flatness of the rotation of galaxies is caused by matter outside the galaxy's visible disc. Since all large galaxies show the same characteristic, large galaxies must, according to this line of reasoning, be embedded in a halo of invisible "dark" matter.
Publication of the MoND theory.
In 1983, Mordehai Milgrom, a physicist at the Weizmann Institute in Israel, published three papers in "Astrophysical Journal" to propose a modification of Newton's law of gravity. A pedagogical introduction to MoND can be found in Bekenstein, who characterizes MoND as follows: "Relativistic MoND as here described has developed from the ground up, rather than coming down from the sky: phenomenology, rather than pure theoretical ideas."
Actually, Milgrom provided several interpretations of his proposal, one being a modification of Newton's second law of motion. However, this proposed interpretation is inconsistent with conservation of momentum, requiring some unconventional physical assumptions to regain plausibility. A second interpretation, as a modification of the law of gravity, requires that the acceleration due to gravitational force not depend simply upon the mass "m", but upon the form "m"/μ(a/a0), where μ is some function approaching the value one for large arguments and a/a0 for small arguments, and "a" is the acceleration caused by gravity and "a"0 is a natural constant, "a"0 ≈ 10−10 m/s2. The centripetal accelerations of stars and gas clouds at the outskirts of spiral galaxies tend to be below "a"0. This interpretation is also inconsistent with momentum conservation; but this can be repaired by substituting a Lagrangian-based theory known as AQUAL; it reproduces MoND for spherical or disc-like galaxies, and is very similar even for general elliptical galaxies.
A third interpretation views MoND simply as a description of the behavior of the dark matter in a galaxy; this leads to the conclusion that the dark matter must be tightly correlated with the visible matter in accordance with a fixed law, at least for stable galaxies (not engaged in strong interactions with other galaxies). But one would expect instead that the ratio of dark-to-visible matter would depend on the history of the galaxy.
The exact form of "µ" is unspecified, only its asymptotic behavior when the argument "a/a0" is small or large. As Milgrom proved in his original paper, the form of "µ" does not change most of the consequences of the theory, such as the flattening of the rotation curve. Empirically, a good description of galaxy rotation curves is given by 
a possible physical motivation of this functional form is provided by the assumption that gravity is mediated by gravitons with non-zero mass.
In the everyday world, "a" is much greater than "a0" for all physical effects, therefore "µ(a/a0)=1" and "F=ma" as usual. Consequently, the change in Newton's law of gravity is negligible and Newton could not have seen it.
Predicted rotation curve.
Far away from the center of a galaxy, the gravitational acceleration, "a", that a star undergoes is predicted by MoND to be roughly:
with G the gravitation constant, M the mass of the galaxy, and r the distance between the center and the star.
Assuming that, at this large distance "r", "a" is smaller than "a0", formula_3. This gives:
Therefore:
Since the equation that relates the velocity to the acceleration for a circular orbit is formula_6, one has:
and therefore:
Consequently, the velocity of stars on a circular orbit far from the center is a constant, and does not depend on the distance "r" : the rotation curve is flat.
The proportion between the "flat" rotation velocity to the observed mass derived here is matching the observed relation between "flat" velocity to luminosity known as the Tully-Fisher relation.
At the same time, there is a clear relationship between the velocity and the constant "a0". The equation "v=(GMa0)"1/4 allows one to calculate "a0" from the observed "v" and "M". Milgrom found "a0"=1.2×10−10 ms−2. As expected, this quantity is far smaller than any acceleration typically found in solar system-scale interactions.
To explain the meaning of this constant, Milgrom said : "... It is roughly the acceleration that will take an object from rest to the speed of light in the lifetime of the universe. It is also of the order of the recently discovered acceleration of the universe."
Consistency with the observations.
According to the Modified Newtonian Dynamics theory, every physical process that involves small accelerations due to gravity will have an outcome different from that predicted by the simple law "F=ma". Therefore, astronomers need to look for all such processes and verify that MoND remains compatible with observations, that is, within the limit of the uncertainties of the data. There is, however, a complication overlooked up to this point but that strongly affects the compatibility between MoND and the observed world: in a system considered as isolated, for example a single satellite orbiting a planet, the effect of MoND results in an increased velocity beyond a given range (actually, below a given acceleration, but for circular orbits it is the same thing) that depends on the mass of both the planet and the satellite. However, if the same system is actually orbiting a star, the planet and the satellite will be accelerated in the star's gravitational field. For the satellite, the sum of the two fields could yield acceleration greater than "a0", and the orbit would not be the same as that in an isolated system.
For this reason, the typical acceleration of any physical process is not the only parameter astronomers must consider. Also critical is the process's environment, which is all external forces that are usually neglected. In his paper, Milgrom arranged the typical acceleration of various physical processes in a two-dimensional diagram. One parameter is the acceleration of the process itself, the other parameter is the acceleration induced by the environment.
This affects MoND's application to experimental observation and empirical data because all experiments done on Earth or its neighborhood are subject to the Sun's gravitational field, and this field is so strong that all objects in the Solar system undergo an acceleration greater than "a0". This explains why the flattening of galaxies' rotation curve, or the MoND effect, had not been detected until the early 1980s, when astronomers first gathered empirical data on the rotation of galaxies.
Therefore, only galaxies and other large systems are expected to exhibit the dynamics that will allow astronomers to verify that MoND agrees with observation. Since Milgrom's theory first appeared in 1983, the most accurate data has come from observations of distant galaxies and neighbors of the Milky Way. Within the uncertainties of the data, MoND has remained valid. The Milky Way itself is scattered with clouds of gas and interstellar dust, and until now it has not been possible to draw a rotation curve for the galaxy. Finally, the uncertainties of the velocities of galaxies within clusters and larger systems have been too large to conclude in favor of or against MoND. Indeed, conditions for conducting an experiment that could confirm or disprove MoND may only be possible outside the Solar system. A couple of near-to-Earth tests of MoND have been proposed though: one involves flying the LISA Pathfinder spacecraft through the Earth-Sun saddlepoint; another involves using a precisely controlled spinning disk to cancel out the acceleration effects of Earth's orbit around the Sun, and Sun's orbit around the galaxy; if either of these tests are carried out, and if MoND holds true, then an accelerometer on either body should detect a slight kick as they approach the very low acceleration levels required by MoND.
In search of observations that would validate his theory, Milgrom noticed that a special class of objects, the low surface brightness galaxies (LSB), is of particular interest: the radius of an LSB is large compared to its mass, and thus almost all stars are within the flat part of the rotation curve. Also, other theories predict that the velocity at the edge depends on the average surface brightness in addition to the LSB mass. Finally, no data on the rotation curve of these galaxies was available at the time. Milgrom thus could make the prediction that LSBs would have a rotation curve which is essentially flat, and with a relation between the flat velocity and the mass of the LSB identical to that of brighter galaxies.
Since then, the majority of LSBs observed has been consistent with the rotational curve predicted by MoND.
An exception to MoND other than LSB is prediction of the speeds of galaxies that gyrate around the center of a galaxy cluster. Our galaxy is part of the Virgo supercluster. MoND predicts a rate of rotation of these galaxies about their center, and temperature distributions, that are contrary to observation.
Computer simulations show that MoND is generally very precise at predicting individual galaxy rotation curves, of all kinds of galaxies: spirals, ellipticals, dwarfs, etc. However, MoND and MoND-like theories are not so good at predicting galactic cluster-scale, or cosmological scale structures.
A test that might disprove MoND would be to discover any of the theorized Dark Matter particles, such as the WIMPs.
A recent proposal is that MoND successfully predicts the "local galactic escape speed" of the Milky Way, a measure of the mass beyond the galactocentric radius of the Sun.
Lee Smolin and co-workers have tried unsuccessfully to obtain a theoretical basis for MoND from quantum gravity. His conclusion is "MoND is a tantalizing mystery, but not one that can be resolved now."
In 2011 University of Maryland Astronomy Professor, Stacy McGaugh, examined the rotation of gas rich galaxies, which have relatively fewer stars and a prevalence of mass in the form of interstellar gas. This allowed the mass of the galaxy to be more accurately determined since matter in the form of gas is easier to see and measure than matter in the form of stars or planets. McGaugh studied a sample of 47 galaxies and compared each one's mass and speed of rotation with the ratio expected from MoND predictions. All 47 galaxies fell on or very close to the MoND prediction. No dark matter model performed as well. A 2011 study by researchers at the Niels Bohr Institute observed the gravity-induced redshift of galactic clusters and found results that strongly supported general relativity, but that the authors concluded were inconsistent with MoND. However, a subsequent work found mistakes in the Bohr Institute study and confirmed that MoND can fit the determined redshifts only slightly worse than does general relativity with dark-matter halos.
The mathematics of MoND.
In non-relativistic Modified Newtonian Dynamics, Poisson's equation,
(where formula_10 is the gravitational potential and formula_11 is the density
distribution) is modified as
where formula_13 is the MOND potential. The formula_14 is a natural constant, approximately equal to formula_15. It is a fact that the centripetal accelerations of stars and gas clouds in the outskirts of spiral galaxies tend to be below formula_14.
The equation is to be solved
with boundary condition formula_17 for
formula_18.
The exact form of formula_19 is not constrained by observations, but must have
the behaviour formula_20 for formula_21 (Newtonian regime),
formula_22 for formula_23 (Deep-MoND regime).
In the deep-MoND regime, the modified Poisson equation may be rewritten as
and that simplifies to
formula_25
The vector field formula_26 is unknown, but is null whenever the density
distribution is spherical, cylindrical or planar. In that case, MoND acceleration field is
given by the simple formula
where formula_28 is the normal Newtonian field.
The External Field Effect (EFE).
In MoND it turns out that if a weakly gravitationally bound system "s", whose inner accelerations are expected to be of the order of 10−10 m s−2 from a Newtonian calculation, is embedded in an external gravitational field formula_29 generated by a larger array of masses "S", then, even if formula_29 is uniform throughout the spatial extension of "s", the internal dynamics of the latter is influenced by formula_29 in such a way that the total acceleration within "s" is, actually, larger than 10−10 m s−2. In other words, the Strong Equivalence Principle is violated. Milgrom originally introduced such a concept to explain the fact that the expected phenomenology of dark matter—-to be explained in terms of MoND—-was absent just in some systems (open clusters) in which it should have, instead, been present. 
It was shown later by R. Scarpa and collaborators
that also a number of globular clusters in the neighborhood of the Milky Way
behave in the same way, that is MoND effects are seen even though the total (internal+external) field is above MoND acceleration limit.
It has recently been shown that simulations show a significant increase in the velocity dispersion of general globular clusters in MOND,especially in the outer parts of the cluster, and a uniform external gravitational field tends to weaken this effect and pushes the profile towards that of the Newtonian regime. However, it is not sufficiently efficient to cause the velocity dispersion profile, that is predicted by the MONDian EFE for a real globular cluster (NGC 2419) to match the observational data, and the Newtonian prediction is better than that of the MONDian to an order of magnitude, even with taking the external Galactic field into account.
Discussion and criticisms.
An empirical criticism of MoND, released in August 2006, involves the Bullet cluster, a system of two colliding galaxy clusters. In most instances where phenomena associated with either MoND or dark matter are present, they appear to flow from physical locations with similar centers of gravity. But, the dark matter-like effects in this colliding galactic cluster system appears to emanate from different points in space than the center of mass of the visible matter in the system, which is unusually easy to discern due to the high-energy collisions of the gas in the vicinity of the colliding galactic clusters. MoND proponents admit that a purely baryonic MoND is not able to explain this observation. Therefore a “marriage” of MoND with ordinary hot neutrinos of 2eV has been proposed to save the hypothesis.
Beside MoND, three other notable theories that try to explain the mystery of the rotational curves are Nonsymmetric Gravitational Theory proposed by John Moffat, Conformal gravity by Philip Mannheim, and Dynamic Newtonian Advanced gravity (DNAg)
Tensor–vector–scalar gravity.
Tensor–Vector–Scalar Gravity (TeVeS) is a proposed relativistic theory that is equivalent to Modified Newtonian Dynamics (MoND) in the non-relativistic limit, which purports to explain the galaxy rotation problem without invoking dark matter. Originated by Jacob Bekenstein in 2004, it incorporates various dynamical and non-dynamical tensor fields, vector fields and scalar fields.
The breakthrough of TeVeS over MoND is that it can explain the phenomenon of gravitational lensing, a cosmic phenomenon in which nearby matter bends light, which has been confirmed many times.
A recent preliminary finding is that it can explain structure formation without cold dark matter (CDM), but requiring ~2eV massive neutrinos. However, other authors claim that TeVeS can't explain cosmic microwave background anisotropies and structure formation at the same time, i.e. ruling out those models at high significance.

</doc>
<doc id="21591443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591443" title="Joe Buskey">
Joe Buskey

Joseph "Jazzbow" Henry Buskey (December 18, 1902 – April 11, 1949) was an American professional baseball player who played in five games for the Philadelphia Phillies in . He scored one run on no hits and one walk.
He was born in Cumberland, Maryland and died there at the age of 46.

</doc>
<doc id="21591472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591472" title="Lectionary 17">
Lectionary 17

Lectionary 17, designated by siglum ℓ "17" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 9th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"), with some lacunae. The text is written in Greek Uncial letters, on 192 parchment leaves (), arranged in 19 quires, 2 columns per page, 23 lines per page, 8-12 letters per line.
History.
It was examined by Scholz. Constantin von Tischendorf seems to have confused Lectionary 13 and 17 in his "Novum Testamentum", Prolegomena (7th edition, p. CCXVI).
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 12th-century, C. R. Gregory to the 9th century.
It was examined and described by Scholz and Paulin Martin. Gregory saw it in 1884.
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
Currently the codex is located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 279) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21591475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591475" title="HPCE-based viral titer assay">
HPCE-based viral titer assay

High Performance Capillary electrophoresis (HPCE) is widely used in the analysis of biomolecules. Recently, a further application, to titer baculovirus, has been developed using HPCE technology and a proprietary buffer system belonging to the UK company deltaDOT. The application has been named deltaTITER and uses a multi-pixel detection system to quantify the amount of virus present in a sample. It offers several advantages over other approaches, the most crucial being the tremendous saving in time and resource, especially over the traditional plaque assay. The assay is highly reproducible, with a % RSD of less than 6. The result is presented as an absorption peak, and quantified using bespoke software.

</doc>
<doc id="21591505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591505" title="Athboy (Parliament of Ireland constituency)">
Athboy (Parliament of Ireland constituency)

Athboy was a constituency in County Meath represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800.
History.
In the Patriot Parliament of 1689 summoned by King James II, Athboy was represented with two members.

</doc>
<doc id="21591510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591510" title="Signals brigade">
Signals brigade

A signals brigade is a specialised form of military brigade dedicated to providing communications. Other brigades might have a signals component, but a signals brigade is a brigade dedicated to information and communication support (ICS) for both operational and administrative functions. It may also contain elements of life support for military headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="21591515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591515" title="Bandung Alliance International School">
Bandung Alliance International School

Bandung Alliance International School (BAIS) is located in Kota Baru Parahyangan, a development on the outskirts of Bandung, Indonesia. As a member of the Network of International Christian Schools since 1995, BAIS is a private, non-profit school primarily serving the international community of Bandung. BAIS offers an education based on the American philosophy of education from a Christian perspective for students from pre-school through grade 12. Students graduating from BAIS are prepared for entry into English-speaking universities throughout the world.
History.
In 1956 the Certified Management Accountant (CMA) started the Bandung Alliance International School (BAIS) in the Ciumblueit area of Bandung. It was designed to serve up to 80 students, grades 1 - 6, in a 2-story classroom building. The number of students increased and the school added a third floor to the classroom building. The extra space added room for secondary classes, increased space in the office building, and added a sports field.
The Network of International Christian Schools (NICS) took over management of the school in 1995 and the first graduating senior class was in 2001. To cope with increasing numbers BAIS purchased a 3.5-hectare lot in Kota Baru Parahyangan in 2007, a new development on the outskirts of Bandung.
Situation.
Construction on the classroom/office building was completed in July 2008 with classes starting in August for the 2008-2009 school year. The campus is 20% finished and trees have yet to flourish. The school is working on the construction of the soccer field, with plans to start the office building, auditorium, gymnasium, and swimming pool in the future. It has an enrollment of 185 students Preschool 3 - 12th grade.
Facilities of BAIS.
There is a large classroom building, two computer labs, one multi-purpose room, one music room, library, and office space.

</doc>
<doc id="21591531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591531" title="See Arnold Run">
See Arnold Run

See Arnold Run is a 2005 American biographical film starring Jürgen Prochnow and Roland Kickinger, both playing Arnold Schwarzenegger at different ages. The movie covers Arnold's early years in bodybuilding and his successful run for Governor of California.
Reception.
The movie received generally negative reviews, receiving a rating of 24% on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="21591533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591533" title="Olive Griffith Stull">
Olive Griffith Stull

Olive Griffith Stull (Davis) (February 10, 1905 – June 15, 1969) was an American herpetologist.
Stull was born in Rochester, New York. She married Loy Davis in 1930, one year after completing her degree at the University of Michigan. She worked in the field of veterinary medicine and contributed to research in a variety of fields. Her appointments included fellowships at Harvard's Museum of comparative zoology and at her alma mater, where she was a student of Alexander Grant Ruthven. She published an important revision of the colubrid snake genus "Pituophis", and is the author of the species "Pituophis ruthveni" whose name honours her professor at Michigan. In a review of her revision in "Copeia", Klauber was critical of her indiscriminate acceptance of reported localities of specimens in the genus. 
Stull also described a subspecies, "Python curtus brongersmai", a commercially harvested snake of the Malay peninsula. She conducted research in a variety of other areas, most notably into the physiology and distribution of snakes. Her works include papers on the taxonomy of Serpentes and she is the author of descriptions of many species. She was later employed as an agent of the USDA to investigate the diseases of poultry and avian leukosis.
The abbreviation Stull is used in zoological nomenclature for citations of this author.

</doc>
<doc id="21591534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591534" title="Midge Bosworth">
Midge Bosworth

Midge Bosworth, (born 23 June 1941), is a former Australian racing driver.
Bosworth was only 24 when he won Bathurst in 1965. He held the honour of being the youngest driver to win the race for no less than 31 years, until Craig Lowndes won the 1996 AMP Bathurst 1000 in a Holden VR Commodore when he was 22.

</doc>
<doc id="21591554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591554" title="80th Birthday Stadium">
80th Birthday Stadium

The 80th Birthday Stadium is a sports facility in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand. It is the main stadium in His Majesty the King's 80th Birthday Anniversary, 5th December 2007 Sports Complex. It is home to Nakhon Ratchasima FC - a semi professional team - and it was used for the 2007 SEA Games.
The stadium is located in the former SEA Games sports complex on Highway 304 (Pak Thong Chai Road) to the southwest of the city of Nakhon Ratchasima. The stadium is all-seated with space for 20,000 spectators. The tribunes form a continuous ring, almost a perfect circle, around the pitch and running track. The stands are uncovered on three sides but a huge cantilever roof provides cover for about 7,000 seats on one side where the aforementioned ring rises to approximately double the height of the tribune it faces. Most of the seats in the stadium are bright orange (the same colour as Nakhon Ratchasima FC's home kit) and are the fixed-bucket style. But in the main stand some of the seats at the top of the tribune are red and those in the VIP section are not fixed bucket but the tip-up type favoured in the UK. In the lower sections of the main stand the initials S A T (Sports Authority of Thailand) are picked out in blue. The equivalent letters in Thai script are also picked out in blue. There are commentary boxes and private suites at the top of the main stand. There is also a large Royal box in the middle of the main stand. At the northern end of the stadium is a large scoreboard. At the opposite end are the three flagpoles used for the SEA Games and the place where the 'Olympic' flame burned.
The concourses are basic and continue around the entire stadium. As with most Thai stadiums, the entrances lead directly into the seating areas with little in the way of facilities for supporters save for some modern and well-appointed toilets. The pitch is one of the better that can be found in Thailand and is known to drain well in the rainy season. There are two floodlight systems in use at the stadium. There are roof-mounted lights on the main stand side and there are four very tall concrete pylons which stand outside the stadium. Both systems were installed because when the SEA Games was in progress the running track, pitch, sand pits, high-jump, pole vault and shot-put areas had to be illuminated simultaneously.
The large stadium also has its own 'Lesser Hampden'. Just opposite the main entrance to the stadium itself is a floodlit pitch complete with running track and a small stand. This modest arena would be large enough to host Nakhon Ratchasima FC matches but the ground doesn't meet league standards as it is not enclosed and the floodlights are not powerful enough for evening matches. However, Nakhon Ratchasima did use the ground for a pre-season friendly in March 2009 against Khonkaen FC.
Nakhon Ratchasima FC moved into the stadium in June 2008 having previously played at the Central stadium, Nakhon Ratchasima. The move was initially on a trial basis: if it wasn't deemed a success then the club would return to the Central Stadium. However, the switch has proven a success, therefore Korat continue to use the stadium for their home matches.

</doc>
<doc id="21591557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591557" title="Block premium">
Block premium

Block Premium is the premiums paid in block transactions, which is indeed how much the new large minority shareholder would pay more per share, than the stock price two days after the transaction.
Block Premium per Share.
"Block Premium per share" or "BPS" is derived as

</doc>
<doc id="21591567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591567" title="Frank Coad">
Frank Coad

Frank Coad, who was born on 3 September 1930, is a former Australian racing driver.
Coad's career was highlighted by taking victory in the original 1960 Armstrong 500 (known later as the Bathurst 1000), co-driving a Vauxhall Cresta with John Roxburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="21591580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591580" title="Science Fair (novel)">
Science Fair (novel)

Science Fair (2008) is a novel by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson. It is sometimes called Science Frog because of the large picture of a frog on the front cover.
Plot summary.
Grdankl the Strong, president of Krpshtskan, is plotting to take over the American government. Unfortunately, that is hard considering the fact that Kprshtskan is so poor its airplane motto is "If it is going up it is coming down in a different place." So he sends one of his sons, Prmkt, into America to try and bring it to its knees. Prmkt eventually devises a plan that requires top-secret military technology. To obtain this technology, he enters Hubble Middle School. A science fair is held each year in Hubble Middle School, with a cash prize for the winner, so Prmkt sends notes to the ME (Manor Estates) kids, saying that for a fee, he will give them blueprints to build technical items. However, the ME kids are unaware of who writes these notes or gives the blueprints. Also, considering the fact that some of them have an IQ that can be compared to that of a horsefly, they go to a certain store in the mall called the Science Nook, where the owner, Sternabite, builds their projects for a fee. These procedures are kept secret, otherwise their projects would be disqualified from the science fair. Many people, teachers and students alike, are suspicious of these things, but due to lack of evidence, and the fact that the ME kid's parents are very powerful and are rich, so the ME kids continue to win year after year. Toby Harbinger, an average, smart kid (as noted when he was put in the Gifted Class) has a problem. His problem is that he sold his dad's autographed Han Solo blaster prop to a guy named D. Arthur Vaderian who has a partner who wears polarized sunglasses. He used the $2,038 to buy a new gaming computer, to replace the old one.
Toby's father defeats Vaderian in a light-saber duel after Toby escapes from jail with his iPhone that makes him invisible unless someone is wearing polarized sunglasses. One of the funniest and most often repeated lines in the book is "Smerk?", a stinky cheese so powerful it is used to repel wolves.
Sternabite.
There are different ways to pronounce his name. Sometimes it is pronounced "Stern-a-bite" (accent on the first syllable) and sometimes it is pronounced "Stern-ab-it-ee" (accent on the second syllable). According to a poll, most people pronounce it according to the former, not knowing that the true pronunciation is the latter. The publishers chose to stay away from this controversy, as evidenced in the book's trailer.
Sternabite, in the book, finds himself to be comparable to many other scientists, if not greater.

</doc>
<doc id="21591581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591581" title="List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo simulation games">
List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo simulation games

The following is a list of simulation games developed for the Super Famicom System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. These have been sorted according to sub-genre
The "Ref" column shows the page(s) providing proof for a game's inclusion in each list.
Unclassified.
Games listed here have not been properly sorted yet. They will be moved to the correct headings as time allows.

</doc>
<doc id="21591584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591584" title="Butzer (surname)">
Butzer (surname)

Butzer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21591603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591603" title="John Roxburgh (racing driver)">
John Roxburgh (racing driver)

John Roxburgh, (25 April 1932 – 2 August 1993) was an Australian racing driver, and motor sports administrator.
Roxburgh's career was highlighted by taking victory in the original 1960 Armstrong 500 (known later as the Bathurst 1000), co-driving a Vauxhall Cresta with Frank Coad. Roxburgh continued to race touring cars well into the 1970s, most notably racing for the factory supported Datsun Racing Team. He won Class A at Bathurst in 1967 driving a Datsun 1000 (B10 series), and Class B in 1968 in a Datsun 1600 (510 series), co-driving with triple Australian Grand Prix winner Doug Whiteford on each occasion.
He later turned to the administration of the sport, serving as CAMS President from 1977 to 1982.
Roxburgh died in 1993, aged 61. He was the first winner of the Bathurst 1000 and its predecessors to die.

</doc>
<doc id="21591606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591606" title="Tyndall National Institute">
Tyndall National Institute

Tyndall National Institute at UCC in Cork, Ireland named for John Tyndall, scientist, is one of Europe's leading research centres, specialising in ICT hardware research, commercialisation of technology and the education of next generation researchers. Tyndall has over 450 researchers, engineers, students and support staff focused on research and the commercialisation of technology through industry collaboration. Tyndall’s research spans a range of technologies from atoms to systems in the areas of photonics, microsystems and micro-nanoelectronics and addresses key challenges in the areas of Communications, Energy, Health and the Environment. 
Queen Elizabeth II visited the research centre as part of her state visit to Ireland on 20 May 2011.
Training Programme.
Tyndall has focused its training programme to provide highly employable graduates, while simultaneously allowing a better understanding of the European research community and priority research and development goals driven by end-user requirements. Several of Tyndall graduates have moved to pursue successful careers (up to Vice President level) in leading manufacturing companies including Intel, Qualcomm, Lam Research, Analog Devices, Seagate. 
Students in advanced manufacturing will join the more than 130 doctoral students at Tyndall engaged in multi-disciplinary research; this diverse and vibrant student community is recruited from undergraduate backgrounds in engineering, physics, chemistry and the life sciences. In fact one of the greatest flexibilities of the training programme is that it allows for a student in an aligned disciplined to develop ‘conversion’ training that rapidly introduces them to the world of convergent technologies at the interface between disciplines, while exposing them to design and application goals. At Tyndall, over 45 academic and research staff directly engage as primary PhD supervisors. 
Technical modules can be selected from the local curriculum for the structured PhD (Engineering Science) offered by University College Cork. Additionally, students may avail of all relevant expertise available nationally through the provision of modules provided by leading national experts delivered through two graduate research programmes comprising both national and international leading 4th level institutions. The two programmes are the International Centre for Graduate Education in micro- & nano-Engineering (ICGEE) and INSPIRE Graduate Education programme whose combined Irish membership is made up of nine higher education institutions comprising University College Cork, Trinity College Dublin, University College Dublin, Cork Institute of Technology, National University of Ireland Galway, Dublin City University, Dublin Institute of Technology, University of Limerick, and Athlone Institute of Technology. Modules from these partners are made available to scholars through a national agreement for the accreditation of graduate modules enabled by the Irish Universities Association. These modules are hosted on a virtual learning environment and delivered on a ‘what make sense’ basis, e.g. as one week intensive on-site delivery, as interactive video conference offerings, networked interactive lecture offerings, or down-loadable lecture modules plus interactive problem solving sessions with the lecturers. 
In addition to technical modules, each candidate is provided with options for training in innovation, commercialisation and entrepreneurship, offered by the UCC faculty of College of Business and Law. Transferable skills training in presentation and lecturing skills, report and scientific writing, electronic literacy skills for on-line scientific literature and patent backgrounds, as well as scientific outreach and communication are also part of the curriculum.
Structure.
The research centres are backed by a theory, modelling and design centre and a wafer fabrication facility with CMOS, III-V and MEMS capability. Many of Tyndall’s PhD graduates go on to pursue careers in industry and are respected for the quality of their research and development outputs. Tyndall is supported by funding from the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Employment, Science Foundation Ireland, Enterprise Ireland and the Higher Education Authority. 
The CEO of Tyndall is Dr. Kieran Drain.

</doc>
<doc id="21591607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591607" title="KTO Ryś">
KTO Ryś

The KTO "Ryś" ("KTO" for "Kołowy Transporter Opancerzony" - lit. "Wheeled Armored Vehicle"; "Ryś" is Polish for "Lynx") is 8x8 multi-role military vehicle produced by WZM S.A. (Wojskowe Zakłady Motoryzacyjne Spółka Akcyjna - lit. Military Motorization Works Joint Stock Company ), former WZM no. 5. The vehicle is a deep development of OT-64 SKOT.
Variants.
KTO "Ryś"-Med.
Armored ambulance vehicle with crew of 3, capable to transport maximum of 4 injured in stretched position. This variant was adopted by Polish land Forces and fielded in Iraq and Afghanistan.
KTO "Azalia".
("Azalia" is Polish for "Azalea") - artillery command vehicle designed for Krab howitzers units.
ZSRZ "Kaktus".
("ZSRZ" for "Zautomatyzowany System Rozpoznawczo-zakłócający" - lit. "Automatic Reconnaissance-Jamming System"; "Kaktus" is Polish for "Cactus") - electronic warfare system based on KTO Ryś.
KTRI "Tuja".
("KTRI" for "Kołowy Transporter Rozpoznania Inżynieryjnego" - lit. "Wheeled Engineering Reconnaissance Vehicle"; "Tuja" is Polish for "Thuja") - wheeled engineering vehicle.
KTO "Irbis".
Irbis is a 6x6 variant of Ryś armored personnel carrier.
Other.
At early stages of development Ryś was presented in many variants like APCs and IFV with Reihmal E8 or Rafael RCWS-127 turrets, M98 mortar carrier and other. All those vehicles were based on early first generation of Ryś vehicles, much closer to original OT-64 SKOT, none of those vehicles were adopted, and the manufacturer no longer offers them.

</doc>
<doc id="21591609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591609" title="Kalsiyan">
Kalsiyan

The Kalsiyan Khap of Gujjars live in Kairana District Prabudhnagar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The Rana Chauhan Gujjars of Kalsiyan Khap live in some 84 villages in the area. The main source of their livelihood is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="21591616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591616" title="Lotte (conglomerate)">
Lotte (conglomerate)

Lotte Co., Ltd. is a multinational food and shopping corporation with headquarters in South Korea & Japan. Lotte was first established in June 1948 in Tokyo, by Shin Kyuk-Ho. From Tokyo, Lotte expanded into South Korea with the establishment of Lotte Confectionary Co., Ltd in Seoul on April 3, 1967 and eventually grew to become Korea's eighth largest business conglomerate.
Lotte Group consists of over 60 business units employing 60,000 people engaged in such diverse industries as candy manufacturing, beverages, hotels, fast food, retail, financial services, heavy chemicals, electronics, IT, construction, publishing, and entertainment. Lotte's major operations are overseen by Shin's family in Japan and South Korea, with additional businesses in China, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, India, USA, Russia, Philippines, Pakistan and Poland (Lotte bought Poland's largest candy company Wedel from Kraft Foods in June 2010). Today, Lotte is the largest confectionery manufacturer in South Korea, and is the third largest in Japan behind Meiji Seika and Ezaki Glico in terms of sales revenue when only the sales of Lotte's confectioneries are counted.
Management.
"Lotte Holdings Co., Ltd." – Lotte group's world headquarters – are located in Shinjuku, Tokyo : Myung-dong, Seoul. It is controlled by the founder Shin Kyuk-Ho's family.
Business.
Lotte group's major businesses are food products, shopping, finance, construction, amusement parks, hotels, trade, oil and sports.
Sports.
Lotte also owns professional baseball teams
History.
Lotte's first company was founded in June 1948 in Tokyo, by Shin Kyuk-Ho, two years after he graduated from Waseda Jitsugyo high School (). Originally called "Lotte Co., Ltd", the company has grown from selling chewing gum to children in post-war Japan to becoming a major multinational corporation.
Name.
The source of the company's name is neither Korean nor Japanese, but German. Shin was impressed with Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "The Sorrows of Young Werther" (1774) and named his newly founded company Lotte after the character Charlotte in the novel ("Charlotte" is also the name of a new brand of deluxe movie theatres run by Lotte). Lotte's current marketing slogan in Japan is .

</doc>
<doc id="21591619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591619" title="You're in the Army Now">
You're in the Army Now

"You're in the Army Now" is a 1941 comedy film starring Jimmy Durante, Phil Silvers, Jane Wyman, and Regis Toomey. 
It featured the longest kiss in film, lasting three minutes and six seconds. 

</doc>
<doc id="21591658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591658" title="Private benefits of control">
Private benefits of control

Private benefits of control is a technical term used by corporate lawyers and economists. It refers to the economic gain from exerting influence on a company by large shareholders at the expense of small shareholders.
Types.
There are two different types of private benefits of control from company value perspective: Benefits which reduce the value of company and which do not so. An example was given by Barclay and Holderness, in comparison to benefits that accrue to all shareholders by raising the productivity of the company.
Protection.
In order to prevent the impact on the small shareholders from the realization of these benefits of large shareholders, there is usually a Mandatory Offer policy in transaction area for protection of the small shareholders from kinds of value-destroying transactions.

</doc>
<doc id="21591662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591662" title="Canterbury–York dispute">
Canterbury–York dispute

The Canterbury–York dispute was a long-running conflict between the archdioceses of Canterbury and York in medieval England. It began shortly after the Norman Conquest of England and dragged on for many years. The main point of the dispute was over whether Canterbury would have jurisdiction, or primacy, over York. A number of archbishops of Canterbury attempted to secure professions of obedience from successive archbishops of York, but in the end they were unsuccessful. York fought the primacy by appealing to the kings of England as well as the papacy. In 1127, the dispute over the primacy was settled mainly in York's favour, for they did not have to submit to Canterbury. Later aspects of the dispute dealt with concerns over status and prestige.
The dispute.
The main locus of the dispute was the attempt by post-Norman Conquest Archbishops of Canterbury to assert their primacy, or right to rule, over the province of York. Canterbury used texts to back up their claims, including Bede's major historical work the "Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum", which sometimes had the Canterbury archbishops claiming primacy over not just York, but the entire ecclesiastical hierarchy of the British Isles. It began under Lanfranc, the first Norman Archbishop of Canterbury, and ended up becoming a never ending dispute between the two sees over prestige and status. The historian David Carpenter says Lanfranc's actions "sucked his successors into a quagmire, and actually weakened rather than strengthened church discipline and the unity of the kingdom." Carpenter further argues that "it became impossible in later centuries, thanks to disputes over status, for the two archbishops to appear in each others presence."
Feeding into the dispute were the two cathedral chapters, who encouraged their respective archbishops to continue the struggle. An additional element was the fact that Canterbury had a monastic chapter, while York had secular clergy in the form of canons, interjecting a note of secular and monastic clerical rivalries into the dispute. Another problem that intertwined with the dispute was the Investiture controversy in England, which was concurrent with the dispute and involved most of the same protagonists. The kings of England, who might have forced a decision, were more concerned with other matters, and were ambivalent about Canterbury's claims, which removed a potential way to resolve the dispute. At times, kings supported Canterbury's claims in order to keep the north of England from revolting, but this was balanced by the times that the kings were in quarrels with Canterbury.
The popes, who were often called upon to decide the issue, had their own concerns with granting a primacy, and did not wish to actually rule in Canterbury's favour. But the main driving forces behind the Canterbury position were Lanfranc and Anselm of Canterbury, both of whom enjoyed immense prestige in the church and thus it was not easy for the papacy to rule against them or their position. Once Anselm was out of office, however, the popes began to side more often with York, and generally strive to avoid making any decisive decision.
Under the Norman kings.
Under Lanfranc.
The dispute began under Lanfranc, who demanded oaths of obedience from not just the traditional suffragan bishops of Canterbury but also from the archbishop of York. This happened shortly after Lanfranc's own consecration, when King William I of England then proposed that Lanfranc consecrate the new archbishop of York, Thomas of Bayeux. Lanfranc demanded that Thomas swear to obey Lanfranc as Thomas' primate before the consecration could take place, and Thomas refused, but he eventually gave way, and made a profession. However, the exact form that this oath took was disputed, with Canterbury claiming it was without conditions, and York claiming that it was only a personal submission to Lanfranc, and did not involve the actual offices of Canterbury and York. When both Thomas and Lanfranc visited Rome in 1071, Thomas brought up the primacy issue again, and for good measure tacked on a claim to three of Canterbury's suffragan dioceses, Lichfield, Dorchester, and Worcester. Pope Alexander II sent the issue back to England, to be settled at a council convened by the papal legate. This council took place at Winchester in April 1072, and Lanfranc was victorious on both the primacy issue as well as the dioceses. The victory was drawn up in the Accord of Winchester, to which those present affixed their names. However, papal confirmation of the decision did not extend to Lanfranc's successors, and in fact was never a complete confirmation of the rulings of the council. Lanfranc enjoyed the support of King William I at this council. Thomas was compensated with authority over the Scottish bishops, which was an attempt to give York enough suffragans to allow the archbishops of York to be consecrated without the help of Canterbury. An archiepiscopal consecration required three bishops, and after York's claims to Lichfield, Dorchester, and Worcester were denied, York only had one suffragan, the Diocese of Durham.
Why exactly Lanfranc decided to press forward claims to a judicial primacy over York is unclear. Some historians, including Frank Barlow have speculated that it was because Thomas was a disciple of Odo of Bayeux, one of Lanfranc's rival's in the English church. Another possibility was that Lanfranc desired to assert authority over the northern province of Britain in order to aid the reforming efforts Lanfranc was attempting. Lanfranc was surely influenced by his cathedral chapter at Canterbury, who may have desired to recover their honours after the problems encountered in Lanfranc's predecessor Stigand's archiepiscopate. York had never had a primacy, and based its arguments on the general principle that primacies were erroneous. While Canterbury in the Anglo-Saxon era had been more prestigious than York, it had never in fact had a judicial primacy. Another influence was probably Lanfranc's monastic background, with Lanfranc feeling that the ecclesiastical structure should mirror the monastic absolute obedience to a superior. However, a main influence was probably the so-called "False Decretals", a collection of decrees and canons from the ninth century, which mentioned primates as the equivalent of patriarchs and placed them between the pope and the metropolitan bishops in the hierarchy.
When Lanfranc attempted to find documentary proof to rebutt York's refusal, it was discovered that no explicit statement of such a primacy existed. This involved the use of letters of Pope Gregory the Great, which were repeated in Bede's "Historia", but a complication was that Gregory's plan for the Gregorian mission had specified that the southern province would be based at London, not Canterbury. There was documentary evidence from the papacy that stated that Canterbury had a primacy over the island, but these dated from before York had been raised to an archbishopric. During the council of Winchester in 1072, papal letters were produced which may or may not have been forgeries. A biographer of Lanfranc, Margaret Gibson, argues that they already existed before Lanfranc used them. Another historian, Richard Southern, holds that the statements relating to primacy were inserted into legitimate papal letters after Lanfranc's day. Most historians agree that Lanfranc did not have anything to do with the forgeries, however they came about.
King William I supported Lanfranc in this dispute, probably because he felt that it was important that his kingdom be represented by one ecclesiastical province, and this would best be accomplished by supporting the primacy of Canterbury. Before conquering England, William had ruled the duchy of Normandy, which corresponded to the archdiocese of Rouen, and the simplicity of control which this allowed the dukes of Normandy probably was a strong factor in William's support of Canterbury's claims. Another concern was that in 1070–1072, the north of England, where York was located, was still imperfectly pacified, and allowing York independence might lead to York crowning another king.
Thomas claimed that when Lanfranc died in 1089, Thomas' profession lapsed, and during the long vacancy at Canterbury that followed on Lanfranc's death, Thomas performed most of the archiepiscopal functions in England.
Under Anselm.
When Anselm was appointed to Canterbury, after a long vacancy that lasted from 1089 to 1093, the only flareup of the dispute was a dispute at Anselm's consecration on 4 December 1093 over the exact title that would be employed in the ceremony. The dispute centered on the title that would be confirmed on Anselm, and although it was settled quickly, the exact title used is unknown, as the two main sources of information differ. Eadmer, Anselm's biographer and a Canterbury partisan, proclaims that the title agreed upon was "Primate of all Britain". Hugh the Chanter, a chronicler from York and a partisan of York, claims the title used was "Metropolitan of Canterbury". Until the ascension of King Henry I in 1100, Anselm was much more occupied with other disputes with King William II.
It was during Anselm's archiepiscopate that the primacy dispute became central to Anselm's plans. Eadmer made the dispute central to his work, the "Historia Novorum". Likewise, Hugh the Chanter, made the primacy dispute one of the central themes of his work "History of the Church of York".
In 1102, Pope Paschal II, in the midst of the Investiture controversy, tried to smooth over the problems about investiture by granting Anselm a primacy, but only to Anselm himself, not to his successors. Nor did the grant explicitly mention York as being subject to Canterbury. Anselm then held a council in September 1102 at Westminster, which was attended by the Gerard, the new archbishop of York. According to Hugh the Chanter, when the seats for the bishops were arranged, Anselm's was set higher than the Gerard's, which led Gerard to kick over chairs and refuse to be seated until his own chair was exactly as high as Anselm's. Late in 1102, the pope wrote to Gerard, admonishing him and ordering him to make the oath to Anselm.
Gerard died in May 1108, and his successor was nominated within six days. Thomas, however, delayed going to Canterbury to be consecrated, under pressure from his cathedral chapter and knowing that since Anselm was in poor health, he might be able to outlast Anselm. Thomas told Anselm that his cathedral chapter had forbidden him to make any oath of obedience, and this was confirmed by the canons themselves, who wrote to Anselm confirming Thomas' account. Although Anselm died before Thomas' had submitted, one of the last letters Anselm wrote ordered Thomas to not seek consecration until he had made the required profession. After Anselm's death, the king then pressured Thomas to submit a written profession, which he eventually did. The actual document has disappeared, and as always, Eadmer and Hugh the Chanter disagree on the exact wording, with Eadmer claiming it was made to Canterbury and any successor archbishops, and Hugh claiming that Thomas qualified the oath by making it clear that it could not impede the rights of the Church of York.
Dispute under Thurstan.
During the archbishopric of Thurstan, the Archbishop of York between 1114 and 1140, the dispute flared up and Thurstan appealed to the papacy over the issue, with Canterbury under Ralph d'Escures countering with information from Bede as well as forged documents. The papacy did not necessarily believe the forgeries, but the dispute rumbled on for a number of years. Shortly after Thurstan's election in 1114, Ralph refused to consecrate the Thurstan unless Ralph received a written, not just oral, profession of obedience. Thurstan refused to do so, and assured his cathedral chapter that he would not submit to Canterbury. York based its claim on the fact that no metropolitan bishop or archbishop could swear allegiance to anyone but the pope, a position guaranteed to gain support from the papacy. King Henry, however, refused permission for Thurstan to appeal to the papacy, which left the dispute in limbo for two years. Henry does not seem to have cared about who won the dispute, and Henry may have delayed hoping that Ralph and Thurstan would reach a compromise which would keep Henry from having to alienate either of them.
Pressure mounted, however, and Henry called a council in the spring of 1116, and Henry ordered that when Thurstan arrived at the council, he must swear to obey Canterbury. If Thurstan would not do so, Henry threatened to depose him from office. But, on his way to the council, Thurstan received a letter from the pope, ordering Thurstan's consecration without any profession. Although Thurstan did not reveal that the pope had ordered his consecration, he continued to refuse to make a profession, and resigned his see in the presence of the king and the council. But, the papacy, the York cathedral chapter, and even King Henry still considered Thurstan the archbishop-elect. In 1117, Ralph attempted to visit Pope Paschal II about the dispute, but was unable to actually meet the pope, and only secured a vague letter confirming Canterbury's past privileges, but since the exact privileges weren't specified, the letter was useless.
Both Ralph and Thurstan attended the Council of Reims in 1119, convened by Pope Calixtus II in October. Although Canterbury sources state that Thurstan promised King Henry he would refuse consecration while at the council, Yorkish sources deny that any such promise was made. Calixtus promptly consecrated Thurstan at the start of the council, which angered Henry and led the king to exile Thurstan from England and Normandy. Although the pope and king met and negotiated Thurstan's status in November 1119, nothing came of this, and Calixtus in March 1120 gave Thurstan two papal bulls, one an exemption for York from Canterbury's claims, titled "Caritatis Bonun", and the other a threat of interdict on England if Thurstan was not allowed to return to York. After some diplomatic efforts, Thurstan was allowed back into the king's favour and his office returned to him. Calixtus' bulls also allowed any future Archbishops of York to be consecrated by their suffragans if the Archbishop of Canterbury refused.
In 1123, William of Corbeil, recently elected Archbishop of Canterbury, refused consecration by Thurstan unless Thurstan would incorporate into the ceremony an admission that Canterbury was primate of Britain. When Thurstan refused, William was consecrated by three of his own bishops. William then traveled to Rome to secure confirmation of his election, which was disputed. Thurstan also traveled to Rome, as both archbishops had been summoned to attend a papal council, which both arrived too late to attend. Thurstan arrived shortly before William. While there, William and his advisors presented documents to the papal curia which they insisted proved Canterbury's primacy. However, the cardinals and the curia found the documents to be forgeries. What persuaded the cardinals was the absence of papal bulls from the nine documents produced, which the Canterbury delegation tried to explain away by saying the bulls had "wasted away or were lost". Hugh the Chanter, a medieval chronicler of York, stated that when the cardinals heard that explanation, they laughed and ridiculed the documents "saying how miraculous it was that lead should waste away or be lost and parchment should survive". Hugh goes on to record that the attempts by the Canterbury party to secure their objective by bribery likewise failed.
Pope Honorius II made a judgment in York's favour in 1126, having found the documents and case presented by Canterbury to be unconvincing. In the winter of 1126–1127, an attempt at compromise was made, with Canterbury agreeing to give jurisdiction over the sees of Chester, Bangor and St Asaph to York in return for the submission of York to Canterbury. This foundered when William of Corbeil arrived at Rome and told the pope that he had not agreed to the surrender of St Asaph. This was the last attempt by William to secure an oath from Thurstan, for a compromise in the primacy dispute was made, with William of Corbeil receiving a papal legateship, which effectively gave him the powers of the primacy without the papacy actually having to concede a primacy to Canterbury. This legateship covered not only England, but Scotland as well.
A small flare-up in 1127 happened when William of Corbeil objected to Thurstan having his episcopal cross carried in processions in front of Thurstan while Thurstan was in Canterbury's province. William also objected to Thurstan participating in the ceremonial crownings of the king at the royal court. Thurstan appealed to Rome, and Honorius wrote a scathing letter to William declaring that if the reports from Thurstan were true, William would be punished for his actions. Thurstan then traveled to Rome, where he secured new rulings from the papacy. One gave the seniority between the two British archbishops to whichever had been consecrated first. Another ruling allowed the Archbishops of York to have their crosses carried in Canterbury's province.
Legacy of the first dispute.
The main import of the first dispute was the increase in appeals to the papacy to solve the problem. This was part of a general trend to seek support and resolution at the papacy instead of in the royal courts, a trend that grew through the reigns of William II and Henry I. Also important was the impetus that the disputes gave to efforts by both York and Canterbury to assert their jurisdiction over Scotland, Wales and Ireland. After the settlement of the profession issue, the dispute turned to other, lesser matters such as how the respective chairs of the two archbishops would be arranged when they were together and the right of either to carry their episcopal cross in the others' province.
Under Stephen.
Under Stephen, the dispute arose briefly at the Council of Reims of 1148. Theobald of Bec, who was Archbishop of Canterbury for most of Stephen's reign, attended the council, and when Henry Murdac, just recently elected to York, did not arrive, Theobald claimed the primacy over York at one of the early council sessions. However, as Murdac was a Cistercian, as was Pope Eugene III, who had called the council, nothing further was done about Canterbury's claim. Eugene postponed any decision until Murdac was established in his see.
Most of the time, however, Theobald was not concerned with reopening the dispute, as demonstrated when he consecrated Roger de Pont L'Evêque, newly elected to York in 1154. Theobald, at Roger's request, performed the consecration as papal legate, and not as archbishop, thus side-stepping the question of a profession of obedience.
Disputes under Henry II.
During Thomas Becket's archiepiscopate, the dispute flared up again, with the added complication of an attempt by Gilbert Foliot, the Bishop of London, to have his see raised to an archbishopric, basing his case on the old Gregorian plan for London to be the seat of the southern province. Foliot was an opponent of Becket's, and this fed into the dispute, as well as Becket's legateships, which specifically excluded York. When Roger de Pont L'Evêque, the Archbishop of York, crowned Henry the Young King in 1170, this was a furthering of the dispute, as it was Canterbury's privilege to crown the kings of England.
The first sign of the revival of the dispute was at the Council of Tours, called in 1163 by Pope Alexander III. While there, Roger and Becket disputed over the placement of their seats in the council. Roger argued, that based on Gregory the Great's plan that primacy should go to the archbishop who had been consecrated first, he had the right to the more honourable placement at the council. Eventually, Alexander placed them both on equal terms, but not before the council spent three days listening to the claims and counter-claims, as well as Roger relating the whole history of the dispute. In 1164 Alexander gave Roger a papal legateship, but excluded Becket from its jurisdiction. The pope did, however, decline to declare that Canterbury had a primacy in England. Alexander on 8 April 1166 confirmed Canterbury's primacy, but this became less important than the grant of a legateship on 24 April to Becket. This grant, though, did not cover the diocese of York, which was specifically prohibited.
During the reign of Henry II, the dispute took a new form, concerning the right of either archbishop to carry their archiepiscopal cross throughout the kingdom, not just in their own province. During the vacancy between the death of Theobald of Bec and the appointment of Becket, Roger had secured papal permission to carry his cross anywhere in England. As the Becket controversy grew, however, Alexander asked Roger to forbear from doing so, in order to stop the wrangling that had arisen from Roger's doing so. Later, Alexander revoked the privilege, claiming it had been given in error. The dispute continued between Hubert Walter and Geoffrey, respectively Archbishop of Canterbury and Archbishop of York, during King Richard I's reign, when both archbishops had their archiepiscopal crosses carried before themselves in the others diocese, prompting angry recriminations. Eventually, both prelates attempted to secure a settlement from Richard in their favour, but Richard declined, stating that this was an issue that needed to be settled by the papacy. However, no firm settlement was made until the 14th century.
The papacy, while continuing to grant legateships to the archbishops of Canterbury, began after 1162 to specifically exclude the legateships from covering the province of York. The only exception from the later half of the 12th century was the legateship of Hubert Walter in 1195, which covered all of England. This exception, however, was more due to Pope Celestine III's dislike of Geoffrey, the archbishop of York at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="21591665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591665" title="Stull">
Stull

Stull may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21591668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591668" title="Czech Republic football league system">
Czech Republic football league system

The Czech Republic football league system is a series of interconnected leagues for club football in the Czech Republic.
The system.
2013/14.
Below shows how the current system works. For each division, its English name, official name or sponsorship name (which often differs radically from its official name) and number of clubs is given. Each division promotes to the division(s) that lie directly above them and relegates to the division(s) that lie directly below them.
Two clubs are relegated and promoted from the Gambrinus Liga and Czech 2. Liga respectively each season. 
One club is promoted from both the ČFL and the MSFL to replace the two relegated teams from Czech 2. Liga.
Winners of Czech Divisions A, B and C are promoted to the ČFL and winners of Czech Divisions D and E are promoted to the MFSL. Depending on the regional locations of the teams relegated from Czech 2. Liga the number of teams promoted and relegated from the ČFL and MFSL can vary from season to season.
Below the five 4th Divisions, there are 14 regional divisions, the winners of which are promoted to the corresponding 4th division. Promotion from 5th to 4th level not necessarily follows the path in the table below (this is mainly the case of Central Bohemian region), teams are placed to particular divisions according to their location/FA decision. Clubs from Bohemia (regions below Divisions A/B/C) can't play with clubs from Moravia-Silesia (Divisions D/E) though.
Cup competitions.
Clubs at the top four levels are eligible for cup competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="21591680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591680" title="Scott Perry (advertising)">
Scott Perry (advertising)

Scott Perry (born August, 1981) is an Australian digital media expert. His design work is known across Australia and includes print and radio as well digital forms.
Perry was nominated for "Outstanding Business Person of the Year" and has been involved with the marketing of Australian ex-criminal Mark "Chopper" Read. Perry has also developed board games, DVDs, and the branding and redevelopment of 10 radio stations digital media, websites, and marketing material.
In 2007, an undisclosed magazine estimated his earnings for the year at $1.2 million.
Filmography.
Scott has appear in a many number of TV commercials and short films, as well as hosting a weekly TV infomercial.
References.
TheDaily - Game does time with Chopper
Outstanding Business Person of the Year Nominee

</doc>
<doc id="21591687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591687" title="Redwood, New Zealand">
Redwood, New Zealand

Redwood, New Zealand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21591690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591690" title="Arthur L. Todd">
Arthur L. Todd

Arthur L. Todd (12 February 1895, in New Jersey – 28 August 1942, in Oceanside, New York) was an American cinematographer whose work included "Hot Saturday" (1932), "I've Got Your Number" (1934) and "You're in the Army Now" (1941).

</doc>
<doc id="21591697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591697" title="1986 Athens Open">
1986 Athens Open

The 1986 Athens International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was held from June 16 through June 23, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21591708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591708" title="Redwood, Wellington">
Redwood, Wellington

Redwood is a part of Tawa, a suburb of Wellington, New Zealand. It is on the North Island Main Trunk Railway and is served by two stations, Redwood Railway Station and Takapu Road Railway Station. The Redwood subdivision was built on land acquired from the Catholic Church, on the condition that it be named in honour of the late Archbishop Francis Redwood. The line was originally built on a different route slightly further east by the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company, and the Wellington to Paremata section opened on 24 September 1885 without a station in Redwood. The line was incorporated into the New Zealand Railways Department network in December 1908, but the stations in Redwood were not opened until 19 June 1937, when the present-day route on the Tawa Flat deviation was opened and the older, more circuitous route closed.

</doc>
<doc id="21591713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591713" title="Howard Jackson">
Howard Jackson

Howard Jackson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21591753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591753" title="Howard Jackson (composer)">
Howard Jackson (composer)

Howard Jackson (8 February 1900, St. Augustine, Florida - 4 August 1966, Florida) was an American film composer who was often uncredited.

</doc>
<doc id="21591766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591766" title="Breton dance">
Breton dance

Breton Dance is a group of traditional dance forms originating in Brittany, the Celtic region of France.
The dance has experienced a reappropriation in the late 1950s, with the development of the Celtic Circles (cultural groups) and Fest Noz (night festival).
Overview.
In Brittany, music and dancing have always been an expression of identity for the folk society. They were a particular moment favouring the expression of individuals who fused together through a happy time. They followed the different stages of life and structured its organisation. Yet the practice of dancing and music was not restricted to a pure entertainment. It was the manifestation of the folk social order which expressed through a collective activity the status of each individual within the community.
The circular form, the typical pattern of the most dominant dance in the western Brittany repertoire, is very representative of the social structure. The circle is the representation of a community which can express itself only if each dancer is at the right place. The individual is both a minor and a vital element in the working order of the dancing and singing.
Dancing and singing convey the expression of an identity. This is the fundamental character which has permitted to Breton culture to develop through ages by adapting to the continuous cultural evolution. It also explains the current extraordinary enthusiasm of thousands of Bretons who today keep practicing music an dancing, thus perpetuating a centuries old tradition.
In the agricultural society of the 19th Century, the most common occasion on which dancing took place was a wedding. Other opportunities for dancing were:
More recently, throughout the second half of the 20th Century, a revival of traditional Breton dancing has taken place, to such an extent that it can now be considered to be at the forefront of contemporary Breton cultural expression, along with the music which accompanies it.
Two main opportunities exist to experience Breton dance: "fest-noz" (night festival) and "fest-deiz" (day festival). The former reunites both young and old in a celebration of their cultural heritage, whereas the latter tends to be frequented by a somewhat older collection of people. Moreover, the range of dances found at a "fest-noz" is likely to be smaller; at a "fest-deiz" the full variety of Breton dance can often be seen, including dances in fours and eights which rarely get an outing at a "fest-noz".
Breton dance is accompanied by musicians and singers playing and singing in duos, trios, quartets and, sometimes, even larger groups. Traditional acoustic instruments are often the mainstay of these occasions, though some groups have also taken up electric instruments as well. The most ubiquitous instruments are the accordion and two characteristically Breton wind instruments: the biniou (a kind of bagpipe) and the bombarde (a reed instrument similar to the oboe).
Dances.
Lower Brittany.
Jean-Michel Guilcher distinguishes between five fundamental dances in the region of Lower Brittany. These are described as the "mother-forms" from whose ancient roots numerous variants have been developed, to such an extent sometimes that the original can hardly be recognised. These five forms are:
The "Gavotte" (also known as "dañs tro") is a dance in four time. It is the dance with the most variants and can be considered to include "kost ar c'hoad" and "suite fisel". It is associated with a large geographical region, which includes Cornouaille and the north-west of the Pays de Léon. The gavotte is the most widespread of all Breton dances. Originally, the dancers formed a closed circle, and this is still largely true today. Alternatively, particularly at "festoù-noz", it is also danced in long, circling lines throughout the hall.
The "En Dro" (or "An Dro") was originally a dance of the area around the city of Vannes, in the south of Lower Brittany. It is a dance in four time. To it can be added its sister dance - the "Hanter Dro". These two dances are sometimes combined to form a third, known as "Dañs tricot".
The "Dañs Treger" is a dance from the Trégor region and fell into disuse at the end of the 19th Century. Research into the dance has nevertheless enabled a reconstruction of its main features, which are similar to those of dances found in the Pays Gallo (Penthièvre, Mené, Loudéac).
The "Dañs Leon" is a dance from the North of Finistère which features two lines of men and women, face to face, progressing in parallel.
The "Dañs tro plinn" is a dance whose origin is uncertain. Like the gavotte, it is a dance where the participants are linked in circles or lines, each dancer connected to his or her neighbour by the characteristic hold of "bras dessus, bras dessous" (arm over, arm under).
Upper Brittany.
The study of the dances of Upper Brittany was not made until more recent times and there is thus no fundamental study of these dances comparable to that of Guilcher's research into Lower Brittany. There is consequently little certitude about the practice of these dances before the start of the 20th Century.
Dances in the fashion of the "En Dro".
These can be found to the south-west of Lower Brittany in the elongation of the Pays Vannetais. They include:
The structure of these dances suggests a similarity with the "en dro" of Lower Brittany, with variations in movements or arm holds.
The "ronds" or "rondes".
Different "pays" in the region have given birth to different dances:
The "Ronds du Penthièvre, de l'Oust, du Lié, du Mené": one of the most well-known dances from this group is the "rond de Loudéac". Strictly speaking, the "rond de Loudéac" is a suite, usually of four dances: "rond-bal-rond-riquegnée". The fourth of these is a kind of "passepied".
The "Ronds du type Guérandais" are to be found in the districts situated between the estuary of the river Vilaine and the Loire. They often feature two distinct parts, one more sedate and the other more vigorous, within the same dance.
The "Rond de Saint-Vincent" is a popular dance comprising only one part.
The "Ronds isolés": a category which includes dances such as the "rond de Sautron", "rond d'Erquy", "ronds de Châteaubriant"...
The "passepieds".
These dances were common throughout a large geographical area, in particular the west of the Trégor. A form of the passepied ("pach pi") is found in Upper Brittany.

</doc>
<doc id="21591767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591767" title="Dora Rinehart">
Dora Rinehart

Dora Rinehart of Colorado, gained a reputation as "America's Greatest Cyclienne" for her long-distance riding in the mid-1890s.
Rinehart took up cycling in 1894, even though society at that time discouraged female riders. In 1896 she famously rode more than 100 100-mile rides. She commented that "I do not like to go on a hard run when my husband is with me, for you know it does take so much starch out of a man to ride the century."
In June 1894 she addressed the 24th Annual Convention of the Colorado State Medical Society in Denver. On the agenda were presentations titled, "The New Movement in Dress Reform" and "Bicycle Exercise for Women." She is quoted as saying: "Just to give you an idea of the benefits of a divided skirt, it is almost impossible for a lady to ride any distance…with the ordinary skirt. You get too much of the dress on the one side of the wheel, and you do not get enough of the dress on the other side."

</doc>
<doc id="21591770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591770" title="Sandfield Road">
Sandfield Road

Sandfield Road is a road in the suburb of Headington, Oxford, England. It is close to the John Radcliffe Hospital.
Notable residents.
Hugo Dyson, a member of the Oxford literary group called the Inklings, lived at 32 Sandfield Road until his death in 1975.
Sandfield Road's most famous resident was the author and academic J. R. R. Tolkien, another member of the Inklings, who lived at No 76 with his wife Edith from 1953 to 1968, towards the end of his time in Oxford. There is an inscription above the garage. When living here, Tolkien attended the Catholic Church of St Anthony of Padua in nearby Headley Way. Tolkien previously lived in Northmoor Road, North Oxford, and Holywell Street, in central Oxford.
The following volumes of Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" novel were first published while he lived in this house:
Tolkien's private address at Sandfield Road received some publicity and his telephone number was in the Oxford telephone directory.
In 1968, partly due to harassment by fans at his home in Sandfield Road, Tolkien moved to Bournemouth on the south coast of England. 
W. H. Auden, an admirer of Tolkien, described his Sandfield Road house by reportedly stating "He lives in a hideous house, I can't tell you how awful it is — with hideous pictures on the walls."
Other information.
Sandfield Day Nursery is in Sandfield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21591781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591781" title="Aglaope infausta">
Aglaope infausta

The almond-tree leaf skeletonizer moth, Aglaope infausta, is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
Description.
The wings are gray with some red towards the base. The thorax is black and is crossed with a red band. The wingspan is about . The caterpillar can retract its head into its prothorax. A yellow band with black spots runs along the caterpillar's dorsum. The pupation usually starts in early June as an elongated cocoon that is whitish or light brown. The pupa is pink or yellowish and is long. The larvae feed upon "Prunus spinosa", "Crataegus" sp., "Cotoneaster" sp., and other species in the family Rosaceae. The species is a pest on foliage and young fruit. The species shows a very low level of genetic heterogeneity for a lepidopteran species, but it does not affect the species' viability. In the Ice Age, differentiation into two genetic lineages occurred.
Mating.
The external male sex organs are subject to sexual selection by the female. The male may rub the female's abdomen with its valva during mating. Successful sperm transfer depends upon whether the male spermatophore will fit into the opening of the female ductus seminalis. In a study of sex pheromones, "Aglaope infausta" was one of the species attracted by tortricids pheromones and caught in the traps.
Habitat.
"A. infausta" is found in Portugal, Spain, France and north-western Italy reaching its north-eastern distribution limit in western Germany. The habitat has to be hot and dry. The species lives in bushy, warm, steppe regions and in forests. The species sometimes shares the habitat of "Heterogynis penella".

</doc>
<doc id="21591782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591782" title="Dixie Walker (pitcher)">
Dixie Walker (pitcher)

Ewart Gladstone "Dixie" Walker (June 1, 1887 – November 14, 1965), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from to with the Washington Senators. He batted left and threw right-handed. Walker had a 25–31 record in 74 career games. 
He was born in Brownsville, Pennsylvania, and died in Leeds, Alabama. He is buried in Birmingham's Elmwood Cemetery. 
Walker was the brother of Major Leaguer Ernie Walker, and the father of Major Leaguers Dixie Walker and Harry Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="21591785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591785" title="Myrtle Hill Cemetery">
Myrtle Hill Cemetery

Myrtle Hill Cemetery is the second oldest cemetery in the city of Rome, Georgia. The cemetery is at the confluence of the Etowah River and Oostanaula River and to the south of downtown Rome across the South Broad Street bridge. 
Geography.
Three of Rome's seven hills were chosen as burial grounds - Lumpkin Hill, Myrtle Hill, and Mount Aventine because of the flooding of Rome’s three rivers - Etowah, Oostanaula and Coosa. Myrtle Hill was named for its "Vinca minor" (trailing myrtle) on the hill. The cemetery covers on 6 terraces and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Myrtle Hill cemetery is the final resting place of more than 20,000 people including doctors, politicians, football heroes, soldiers including America's Known Soldier, a First Lady of the United States, and Rome's founders.
"Where Romans Rest" is an annual tour of Myrtle Hill Cemetery, given by the Greater Rome Convention & Visitors Bureau.
History.
Battle of Hightower.
Before becoming a cemetery, the hill gained notability as an 18th-century battle site. In September 1793, General John Sevier, in command of 800 men, came to the area on an unauthorized mission. Sevier was pursuing 1,000 Cherokees who had scalped and killed thirteen settlers at Cavett's Station, near Knoxville. The pursuit ended in Georgia, when Sevier caught up with the Cherokee at the village of what he called Hightower (Etowah, or Itawayi), which is near the present-day site of Cartersville, Georgia. The Cherokee created a defensive position on Myrtle Hill and used a guard to try to prevent Sevier from fording the rivers.
Sevier left a written account of the battle, in which he described an attempt to cross the Etowah River about a mile south of Myrtle Hill, drawing the Cherokee defenders out of their prepared positions, then galloping back to Myrtle Hill to cross there. The Cherokee rushed back to contest the crossing of the Etowah, but failed. When the Cherokee leader, Kingfisher, was killed, the remaining warriors fled, and Sevier burned the village.
Cemetery Named Myrtle Hill.
After the Battle of Hightower, the hill was largely undisturbed until white settlers came to western Georgia in search of gold. The Dahlonega, Georgia gold discovery (gold rush) of 1829 brought prospectors and settlers into the area of present day Rome. The Indian Removal, or Trail of Tears, which took place between 1830 and 1838, forced the Cherokee to abandon their holdings in the area. The former Cherokee territory was then alloted to white settlers. The city of Rome, founded in 1834 by Colonel Daniel R. Mitchell, Colonel Zachariah Hargrove, Major Phillip Hemphill, Colonel William Smith, and John Lumpkin, established Oak Hill (opened in 1837) as Rome's first cemetery. Thirteen years later, when Oak Hill Cemetery was nearly out of lots, the need for a second cemetery became apparent.
In 1850, after considering several properties, Colonel Thomas A. Alexander and Daniel S. Printup chose a hill near the rivers. The hill was originally owned by Colonel Alfred Shorter and Cunningham Pennington, a civil engineer. "Rome Female College" was later renamed Shorter University in honor of the Colonel and his wife Martha. Pennington designed the plan for the interments on six levels of the steep terrain as a 19th-century picturesque rural cemetery. Roads circle the hill and combine with the necessary terracing to create a layered, “wedding cake" look. The new cemetery was opened in 1857 as Myrtle Hill Cemetery. "Myrtle" was chosen because of the myrtle (vinca minor) or "Flower of Death" that grew wild over the hill. The original Cemetery of was at the top of the hill. One of first graves was of John Billups who died in 1857.
Fort Stovall.
On July 14, 1863, the citizens of Rome allocated $3,000 to construct three earthen forts to defend Rome from the Union Army during the American Civil War. The forts were completed in October 1863, as Confederate soldiers began to take up duties in the new fortifications. As anticipated, Union raiders made forays into the area. Their focus was to cripple the Confederate war machine by destroying the Noble Foundry, located in the city on the Etowah River across from the cemetery. One of the forts, constructed on the crest of Myrtle Hill, was named "Fort Stovall" in honor of fallen Confederate soldier, George Stovall. Other forts, "Fort Attaway" (named for Thomas Attaway) and "Fort Norton" (named for Charles Norton), were opposite the location of Fort Stovall. It was described as a bracket-shaped linear earthwork near the top of Myrtle Hill as shown on the map. Its line faced northwest, defending the western approach to Rome as well as the Coosa River. It was made with several faces, which provided maximum coverage along its front. The zigzag shape permitted defenders to direct enfilading (from the side) fire on any men who approached the line. 
The exact location of the earthworks of Fort Stovall is impossible to determine from a Civil War era "map", and no evidence of it can be seen in the cemetery. Defensive lines constructed on a hill were typically built below the very top of the hill to prevent the occupants of the line from being silhouetted against the sky and giving the enemy a better target. It also gave the soldiers a clearer line of sight down the slope of the hill. The extensive terracing necessary for burials at Myrtle Hill has eliminated any evidence of Fort Stovall on the surface. It is possible, although unlikely, that remnants of the earthworks survive as subsurface features. While it is clear that subsequent earth-moving activities at Myrtle Hill affected the Civil War earthworks, it is also likely the Civil War action resulted in damage to the cemetery. The top of the monument on Billups' grave, which dates to 1857, is believed to have been shot off by a musket ball during the war, but no other specific mention is made of damage to the graves. However, because of the excellent vantage point provided by the hill, there was likely considerable activity at the fort, as a point of origin for Confederate scouting and raiding parties. While the exact location of Fort Stovall is unclear, three sites are consider likely; the crest of the hill, where a Confederate soldier statue now stands, the Axson family homesite, or the hillside nearest the Etowah river.
On May 17, 1864, Confederate units defended Rome, including Fort Stovall, when Union General Jefferson C. Davis, in command of the 2nd Division of Palmer's 14th Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland, approached down the west side of the Oostanaula and took up a position opposite Rome and engaged with the Confederate pickets. On reaching this position, Davis received an order to return to the 14th Corps, but as he was already engaged with Confederates and suspected a weak defense, he determined to stay on and capture Rome. Davis' considerable force was held at bay overnight by a small garrison assisted by three brigades of Polk's Corps on their way from Mississippi to reinforce General Albert Sidney Johnston. Fort Stovall was occupied during this brief standoff, but the main point of Confederate artillery was on Shorter Hill on the west side of the Oostanaula. The next day, when the Union forces moved to capture Rome, the Confederates had retreated. After the Confederates retreated and left Rome, Union forces likely used the fort during their occupation of Rome.
Postbellum Myrtle Hill Cemetery.
The cemetery was used for fallen soldiers from several Civil War battles. A number of antebellum burials have been noted, and numerous interments had been made in the Confederate Cemetery section by 1863. Other graves were added during the Atlanta Campaign following the death of soldiers in Rome's hospitals. After 1872, more graves were added as some important people with roles in the founding of Rome were buried there. Daniel R. Mitchell (died 1876), one of the founders of Rome, Daniel S. Printup (died 1887), one of the men who selected this site of the cemetery, John H. Underwood (died 1888), a United States Representative before the Civil War, a two-term superior court judge, and lawyer in Rome, Colonel Alfred Shorter (died 1882), the former owner of the cemetery and namesake of Shorter University, Nathan Henry Bass, Sr. (died 1890), Civil War Confederate Congressman, Augustus Romaldus Wright (died 1891) who served in U.S. Congress with Abraham Lincoln, Dr. Robert Battey (died 1895), who performed the first ovarian operation, Homer V. M. Miller (died 1896), 1886 U.S. Senate in 1886, first Democrat from Georgia, Richard Vonalbade Gammon (died 1897), the University of Georgia football player who died of the injuries he received in the Georgia-Virginia football game, and Rosalind Gammon (died 1904), Gammon's mother who saved a football from being illegal in the state of Georgia.
The Confederate Soldier statue on top of Myrtle Hill is known as "The Monument to the Confederate Dead of Rome and Floyd County in the Civil War" and was placed by the local chapter of the Ladies’ Memorial Association in 1869. The Ladies Memorial Association raised the $6,000 for the statue to be made. This was difficult during Reconstruction and the 1870 financial panics caused a delay in the placing of the statue; however, the statue's plan was complete in 1887 as the statue was dedicated. The statue still stands on top of the hill, "Crown Point". In 1874, Hines M. Smith made a new survey of the cemetery which defined what is called the Old Original cemetery. New numbers were assigned to the lots at that time. Some deeds after 1874 make reference to the old number as well as the new one. Boundaries of the Old Original cemetery are based on a copy of the Smith survey updated to 1901. Some of the lots on this map, especially in the western part of the cemetery, may have been added between 1874 and 1901. The 1901 survey indicates that the original road pattern within the cemetery was nearly identical to its configuration today. A short section of road in the south western part of the Old Original section was closed by 1901. Also, it is evident that in the western part of the Old Original cemetery, some of the original walkways between the lots were being filled in by that date. By the end of the 19th century, the popularity of lots had been sold out to people who purchased the additions for their plans. The additions had been created and completed by Branham about 1899 on the steep bluff facing the rivers on the north side of the Old Original cemetery, Terraces A-D were added from 1908 to 1928 to near Branham's, the New Front in around 1909, The triangle “Memorial Addition” at the corner of streets and the south boundary of the Old Original cemetery in 1923 for Charles Graves, "America's Known Soldier" “the designated representative of all the Known Dead of the Great War 1917-1918” by President Warren Harding and the Congressional Record, Glover Vault, the New Front Terrace, and the Greystone in 1938. The lots also contains the Freedman (African-American) section set aside when the cemetery was segregated. One of the African Americans buried at Myrtle Hill in 1915 was Tom McClintock, who had worked as a Myrtle Hill Cemetery gravedigger for 42 years.
Confederate Cemetery.
This section contains over 368 Confederate and Union soldiers including 75 Unknown Confederates and two Unknown Union Soldiers. They lost their lives in the battles of the American Civil War from Rome and other places. Dr. Samuel H. Stout, the physician in charge of all the hospitals that served the Army of Tennessee, ordered that all permanently disabled patients be sent to Rome. Many are buried in this section. The buildings and churches that were used as hospitals for the fallen soldiers were spared from General William Sherman's November 1864 order of burning buildings on Broad Street. Most are still standing and are on the National Register of Historic Places. The section's graves were marked with painted wooden markers between 1863 and 1900. Sometime after 1900, their wooden markers were replaced with the present stone markers that still exist. The section is called the Confederate Section of the Cemetery, but is not limited to just soldiers from the Civil War. A few graves are those of soldiers from subsequent wars; and one woman, buried at the feet of her husband. 
Veteran's Plaza.
Veteran's Plaza is a bricked site located at the corner of South Broad Street and Myrtle Street. The centerpiece of the plaza is the grave of America's Known Soldier, Charles Graves, 1904 water-cooled automatic machine guns around Graves' grave, and bronze replica of a World War doughboy enhances this site. Before Veteran's Plaza was a bricked site, it was just a grassy field with Graves' grave, the three maxim guns that were in the different positions, and shrines as memorials from 1930s to present to fallen soldiers who were involved with other wars. In beginning of year 2000, the plaza has more than 3,000 bricks engraved with the names and branch of service, to honor and memorialize military veterans and civilians for their services to America in war or peace throughout all of American history. E.
Confederate Monuments.
Two notable Confederate monuments stand at the side corners of Veterans Plaza. They are the General Nathan Forrest Monument and the Women of the Confederacy Monument. These monuments were moved in 1952 from their original places on Broad Street at Second Avenue because they had become a traffic hazard. General Forrest's Monument was dedicated to honor him for saving Rome from Colonel Abel Streight and his mule-equipped cavalry on their mission to capture Rome. Colonel Streight who was coming from Alabama on May 3, 1863 was defeated by General Forrest with a small group of confederates serving with him. General Forrest had 425 men and Colonel Streight had 1,000 but Streight surrendered as his raid was caught. His monument was erected by the United Daughters of the Confederacy in 1909. Forrest's monument was rededicated by the Emma Sansom Chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy in a ceremony on Saturday, April 18, 2009 for the 100th anniversary of the first dedication of his monument. The Women of the Confederacy Monument honors Confederate women who served as nurses in Rome to care for Confederate and Union soldiers during the Civil War and mothers/wives who waited while their men fought. The Confederate Women's Monument was erected by President Theodore Roosevelt on October 8, 1910. Woodrow Wilson wrote the inscription on the monument. This monument is believed to be the first monument in the world to honor the role of women in war. 
America's Known Soldier.
"America's Known Soldier" is the well known grave of Private Charles W. Graves (1893–1918). Graves was an infantryman in the American Expeditionary Force who fought in World War I. On October 5, 1918, Graves was killed by German artillery shrapnel on the Hindenburg Line. His mother received the telegram from the War Department that informed her about Graves' death; however, his body was not returned to America until March 29, 1922 when they brought American soldiers' remains from France and Belgium aboard the troopship, the "Cambria" to New York. The U.S. Government had the idea of creating Unknown Soldier and "Known Soldier" in Arlington Cemetery to honor World War I soldiers. Graves was chosen for "America's Known Soldier" by a blindfolded sailor who picked Graves' name from American soldier remains list, but his mother objected to his burial at Arlington. The War Department wanted to give his body flag draped coffin a parade on Fifth Avenue, in New York with generals, admirals, and politicians before his mother buried Graves in the cemetery near Antioch Church on April 6, 1922. On September 22, 1923, Romans decided to relocate Graves' body from Antioch Cemetery to Myrtle Hill Cemetery as "America's Known Soldier" after his mother's death and his brother's agreement. Graves was buried a third and final time. On November 11, 1923, Armistice Day, Charles and the other 33 young men from Floyd County who died in World War I were honored with three Maxim guns and 34 magnolia trees.
Ellen Axson Wilson.
The only U.S. First Lady buried in Georgia is buried in Myrtle Hill Cemetery. Ellen Axson Wilson, was the first wife of President Woodrow Wilson. Ellen Louise Axson Wilson was the daughter of Reverend S. E. Axson, who was a Presbyterian minister and Margaret Hoyt Axson. She was born in Savannah, Georgia but grew up in Rome. She graduated from the Rome Female College and later studied Art at the Students' Art League in New York. In the Spring of 1883, she met Woodrow Wilson, a young lawyer from Atlanta, Georgia. They were married in 1885 and moved to Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania where Mr. Wilson taught at the newly formed Bryn Mawr College. After Wilson became the president of Princeton University in 1902 and the governor of New Jersey in 1910, he became the U.S. President in 1912. Ellen was the First Lady who had a studio with a skylight installed at the White House in 1913, and found time for painting and the duties of hostess for the nation. With her health failing slowly from Bright's disease (chronic nephritis), she died August 6, 1914. After her death, her body was taken to Rome by a train with five private cars for President Wilson. The procession, a two-horse drawn funeral carriage, from First Presbyterian Church to Myrtle Hill Cemetery passed down Broad Street, which was lined with Romans. As the graveside service began, rain began to fall as if the sky were weeping. Mrs. Wilson was buried with her father, her mother, and her brother. Stockton Axson.

</doc>
<doc id="21591804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591804" title="1987 Athens Open">
1987 Athens Open

The 1987 Athens Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was held from June 15 through June 22, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21591814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591814" title="Tina Weaver">
Tina Weaver

Tina Weaver (born 1965) is a British journalist and former newspaper editor.
Weaver started her career at the South West News Service, then worked for the "Sunday People" from 1989 to 1992 before spending a year at the "Daily Mirror", then joined "Today". In 1994, she was named the Reporter of the Year for exposing Michael Jackson's relationship with young boys in 1994. When "Today" closed, Weaver moved to the "Daily Mirror", and became Deputy Editor in 1998. She also launched and edited the "Mirror"'s Saturday magazine, "M".
In 2001, Weaver became Editor of the "Sunday Mirror", and in 2008 she was appointed to the Press Complaints Commission. On 30 May 2012 publisher Trinity Mirror announced that Tina Weaver had been made redundant and would leave the company "with immediate effect". On 14 March 2013, Weaver, then seven months pregnant with her second child, and three other former "Mirror" journalists were arrested by detectives from Scotland Yard's Operation Weeting over alleged phone hacking in 2003-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21591834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591834" title="Frank Magee">
Frank Magee

Frank Magee was an American film editor.

</doc>
<doc id="21591857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591857" title="Ernie Walker (baseball)">
Ernie Walker (baseball)

Ernest Robert Walker (September 17, 1890 – April 1, 1965), was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played from to with the St. Louis Browns. He batted left and threw right-handed. Walker had a .256 batting average, with 65 career hits. 
He was born in Blossburg, Alabama, and died in Pell City, Alabama. His interment was located in Birmingham's Fraternal Cemetery.
Walker was the brother of Major Leaguer Dixie Walker, and the uncle of Major Leaguers Dixie Walker and Harry Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="21591864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591864" title="March 1959">
March 1959

January – February – March – April – May – June – July – August – September – October – November – December
The following events occurred in March, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="21591868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591868" title="Maynard Ashcroft">
Maynard Ashcroft

Edward Maynard Ashcroft (27 September 1875 – 26 February 1955) was an English doctor and cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1897 and 1906 and captained the Derbyshire team in 1904.
Early life.
Ashcroft was born at Longsight, Manchester, son of Henry N Ashcroft, a Manchester merchant and his wife Charlotte. They lived at 14 Birch Side Moss Side. Ashcroft studied medicine at Owens College, Manchester, and became RMO at Dewsbury Smallpox Hospital. He later became assistant MOH at Derby.
Cricket career.
Ashcroft made his cricket debut for Derbyshire in 1897 and remained with the team until 1906. Ashcroft captained Derbyshire for part of 1904 although Albert Lawton who was captain in the preceding and succeeding years also captained games. Ashcroft was a right hand batsman who played 170 innings in 101 first class matches. His highest score was 162 and his average 29.17. He was a right arm off-break bowler who took 24 wickets with an average of 49.41. While he was captain, Derbyshire ended the season at 10th in the table. Wisden described him as "a free-scoring batsman" who "drove and cut specially well".
Later life.
Ashcroft was later Medical Officer and Public Vaccinator for Levenshulme. He died at Upton-by-Chester, Cheshire aged 80

</doc>
<doc id="21591875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591875" title="The Portland Daily Sun">
The Portland Daily Sun

The Portland Daily Sun is a free daily newspaper published Tuesdays through Fridays and distributed to retail and business locations in Portland, Maine. 
The paper was founded in 2009 by Mark Guerringue and Adam Hirshan of Country News Club, in partnership with Curtis Robinson, who served as founding editor. Its first edition was printed February 3, 2009. Circulation, which started at 3,000 copies, quickly rose to 15,000.
In 2012, the newspaper moved its offices to the Time and Temperature Building in downtown Portland. At the time, publisher Mark Guerringue said "The Portland Daily Sun" was not yet profitable, but "We're poised for it, the pieces are in place".
Columnists and contributors.
"The Sun" currently features local columnists Natalie Ladd, Cliff Gallant, Telly Halkias, Karen Vaschon, Curtis Robinson, and Bob Higgins. Tim Gillis contributes to features.
Sisters and competitors.
"The Portland Daily Sun" was the third free daily newspaper to follow the model of "The Conway Daily Sun", launched by Mark Guerringue and Adam Hirshan in 1989 in Conway, New Hampshire. Its sister papers owned by Country News Club and its affiliates also include "The Berlin Daily Sun" and "The Laconia Daily Sun", both in New Hampshire, and a weekly, "The Northern Light", in western Maine. 
"The Sun" competes head-to-head with the "Portland Press Herald", the largest newspaper in the state of Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="21591876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591876" title="Tridentnav Systems">
Tridentnav Systems

Tridentnav Systems is a Swedish company founded in 2004 that develops PC-based navigation systems for navigation at sea. The company's main product is an Electronic Chart System (ECS) called Tridentnav ECS. The program uses vectorized charts and supports input from GPS, AIS, log, echo sounder, wind sensors etc. Input sensors are connected using the NMEA protocol. Tridentnav Systems navigation system is used by Search and rescue organizations, among others.
Chart format.
The vectorized chart data used in Tridentnav Systems navigation software is based on the S-57 format. S-57 is a standard for electronic charts developed by IHO. During 2008, Tridentnav Systems was registered as an OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) within the IHO S-63 Data Protection Scheme, a system for handling encrypted Electronic navigational charts.

</doc>
<doc id="21591892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591892" title="Swimming at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The women's 100 freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics was contested on September 18 (prelims) and September 19 (finals).
Records.
The existing World and Olympic records at the time of the event were:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21591896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591896" title="If Day">
If Day

If Day (, "If one day") was a simulated Nazi German invasion and occupation of the Canadian city of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and surrounding areas on 19 February 1942, during the Second World War. It was organized by the Greater Winnipeg Victory Loan organization, which was led by prominent Winnipeg businessman J. D. Perrin. The event was the largest military exercise in Winnipeg to that point.
If Day included a staged firefight between Canadian troops and volunteers dressed as German soldiers, the internment of prominent politicians, the imposition of Nazi rule, and a parade. The event was a fundraiser for the war effort: over C$3 million was collected in Winnipeg on that day. It was the subject of a 2006 documentary, and was included in Guy Maddin's film "My Winnipeg".
Background.
If Day was an elaborate campaign to promote the purchase of Victory Bonds. These bonds, which were loans to the government to allow for increased war spending, were sold to individuals and corporations throughout Canada. If Day was the second Victory Loan campaign of the Second World War. The campaign began on 16 February 1942, and continued until 9 March. Manitoba's fundraising target was $45 million ($620 million in 2011 dollars), including $24.5 million from Winnipeg. The Greater Winnipeg Victory Loan committee, a regional branch of the National War Finance Committee, organized If Day under chairman John Draper Perrin. The organizers believed that bringing the war (or, rather, a simulation thereof) to people's homes would result in a change of attitude among those not directly affected by the war.
The committee drew up a map of Manitoba, which was divided into 45 sections, each representing $1 million of their fundraising target. As money came in from those selling Victory Bonds, the sections were "reclaimed" from the Nazi invaders. The map was posted at the corner of Portage and Main, the city's central intersection. The campaign was publicized in local newspapers for a few days before the event, although the "invasion" took many citizens by surprise. To prevent a rush to emergency shelters, residents of neighbouring northern Minnesota were also warned because radio broadcasts dramatizing the event could be received in that area. Royal Canadian Air Force aircraft painted to look like German fighter planes flew over the city on 18 February 1942. Selkirk, a small town northeast of Winnipeg, held its own fundraising simulation, a one-hour blackout and mock bombing, on 18 February 1942 in preparation for the main If Day event.
Events.
The simulation included 3,500 Canadian Army members, representing all of Winnipeg's units, making it the largest military exercise in Winnipeg to that point. The defending forces were commanded by Colonels E. A. Pridham and D. S. McKay. Troops were drawn from the 18th (Manitoba) Armoured Car Regiment, No. 10 District Engineers and Signals, the Royal Winnipeg Rifles, the Winnipeg Grenadiers, the Winnipeg Light Infantry, the Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada, Veteran's Guard of Canada (including over 300 veterans of the First World War), and a number of reserve and civilian groups. The 'Nazi' troops were volunteers from the Young Men's Board of Trade, using uniforms rented from Hollywood and with painted sabre scars on their faces. They were commanded by Erich von Neurenberg. Approximately $3,000 was spent on the event.
'Nazi' patrols in the city began before 5:30 am on 19 February. A radio announcer was detained and his microphone commandeered for radio broadcasts, beginning at 5:45 am. 'Nazi' troops assembled on the west side of the city half an hour after the first patrols. Canadian troops were massed at Fort Osborne barracks and the Minto and Macgregor armouries at 6:30 am, and at 7 am air-raid sirens were sounded and a blackout ordered in preparation for the invasion. The aerial blitzkrieg began before 7 am with mock bombings. Beginning at 7:03 am, troops started their simulated attack on the city, which was defended by a small group of active and reserve troops assisted by local community groups. The defenders formed a perimeter around the industrial and downtown areas of the city, approximately from City Hall, retreating to a perimeter at 7:45.
The firefight included large-scale troop movements and the simulated destruction of major bridges. Nine troop formations held three positions each during the tightly scripted invasion sequence; they were directed via telephone (one line per formation) and flash-lamp signals from the headquarters established at the Chamber of Commerce building. The defensive pattern employed was similar to that used during the First World War in Paris to conduct soldiers to the front. Light tanks were stationed at road and rail junctions as fighting intensified. Thirty anti-aircraft vehicles fired blanks at fighter planes overhead, assisted by anti-aircraft gunners on buildings downtown. The first mock casualty was reported at 8 am. Dressing stations were set up at strategic points to treat the mock casualties; they also treated the two real casualties of the event – a soldier who sprained his ankle, and a woman who cut her thumb preparing toast during the early-morning blackout.
At 9:30 am, the defenders surrendered to the 'Nazis' and withdrew to the downtown muster point, and the city was occupied. The fake Nazis began a widespread harassment campaign, sending armed troops throughout the city. A tank was driven down Portage Avenue, one of the main streets of the downtown area. Some people were taken to an internment camp at Lower Fort Garry; those interned included prominent local politicians like Premier John Bracken (arrested with several members of his cabinet at a caucus meeting), Mayor John Queen, Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba Roland Fairbairn McWilliams, and visiting Norwegian ambassador to the United States . One council member, Dan McClean, escaped but was recaptured after an intensive search. Chief of Police George Smith avoided capture because he was dining out when soldiers arrived at his office. The Union Flag at Lower Fort Garry was replaced with the swastika. The city was renamed "Himmlerstadt", and Main Street was termed "Hitlerstrasse".
Erich von Neurenberg was installed as "gauleiter" (provincial leader); he was assisted by George Waight, who acted as the local Gestapo chief. Their stated purpose was to assist Hitler in his plans to take advantage of Canada's relatively low population density by colonizing the country. Von Neurenberg issued the following decree, which was posted throughout the city:
No one will act, speak or think contrary to our decrees.
Notices were posted on churches forbidding worship services, and priests who objected were arrested. Buses were stopped and their passengers searched by armed troops. The "Winnipeg Tribune" was renamed "Das Winnipeger Lügenblatt" ("The Winnipeg Lies-sheet"), a 'Nazi' publication featuring heavily-censored columns and a front page written almost entirely in German. One satirical story noted that "this is a great day for Manitoba ...The Nazis, like Der Fuehrer, are patient, kind and tolerant, but THEIR PATIENCE IS RAPIDLY EXHAUSTED BECOMING", while another included an "official joke", approved by the German authorities, at which all readers were ordered to laugh or be imprisoned. Henry Weppler, a newspaper seller for the "Winnipeg Free Press", was attacked and his papers ripped up. The "Winnipeg Free Press" featured a front-page story about the "invasion", describing in great detail the devastation caused by the Nazis in Winnipeg.
Books were burned in front of the main Carnegie branch of the Winnipeg Public Library (the books had been pre-selected for incineration as damaged or outdated). Soldiers entered the cafeteria at Great West Life and stole lunches from workers. They seized buffalo coats from the police station and wore them throughout the day, as the temperature was below . At one local elementary school, the principal was arrested and replaced with a 'Nazi' educator dedicated to teaching the "Nazi Truth"; special lessons were prepared for high-school students throughout the city. Some stores and homes were looted by the fake troops. Canadian currency was replaced with fake German Reichsmarks, the only propaganda notes that Canada created during the war.
The day ended at 5:30 pm with a ceremonial release of prisoners, a parade, and speeches from the released dignitaries. Members of the organizing committee and local businesspeople marched down Portage Avenue with banners reading "It MUST Not Happen Here!" and "Buy Victory Bonds". Following the parade, a banquet was held at the Hudson's Bay Company building. Ambassador de Morgenstierne spoke about his experiences with If Day and in Norway, suggesting that the "make-believe Nazi occupation of was an authentic glimpse of German behavior in German-ridden Europe".
Surrounding towns were also affected by the invasion: for example, in Neepawa 'Nazi' soldiers confronted citizens in the streets. Virden was renamed "Virdenberg". A mock attack was planned for strategic targets in Brandon. The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation broadcast a program called "Swastika over Canada" on the radio throughout the province, along with military music and extracts of Hitler's speeches.
Effects.
The If Day event not only resulted in Victory Bond sales well over Greater Winnipeg's goal, but brought Winnipeg's innovative efforts to the attention of people throughout North America. "Life Magazine" ran a pictorial spread of the If Day activities in Winnipeg and in smaller centres across Manitoba, photographed by William Shrout. Reporters from several American publications, including "Newsweek", "The New York Times" and "The Christian Science Monitor", were also present for the event; cameraman Lucien Roy shot newsreel footage. Newspapers as far away as New Zealand included stories about the event. An estimated 40 million people worldwide saw coverage of If Day.
The money raised for the Victory Loan campaign on If Day was $3.2 million, which was the city's largest single-day total. Winnipeg passed its $24 million Victory Loan quota on 24 February, largely because of the effects of If Day. The provincial total for the entire campaign was $60 million, well above its target quota of $45 million. The campaign raised approximately $2 billion nationwide for the war effort, and If Day was considered one of the most successful fundraising events of the nationwide drive. Officials had expected a significant increase in army recruits as a result of the event, but it failed to end the long-term decline in recruitment numbers: 23 people enlisted at the Winnipeg recruitment office on If Day, compared to an average of 36 per day for the first half of February.
If Day was successful enough to spark imitations in other communities. The US government contacted the organizing committee for details of the event. A smaller-scale invasion was staged in Vancouver, using promotional materials from the Winnipeg campaign.
In 2006, a television documentary of the events was made by Aaron Floresco. The work incorporates newsreel footage from the event, as well as interviews with historians and participants. Filmmaker Guy Maddin included a brief newsreel clip of If Day in his film "My Winnipeg".

</doc>
<doc id="21591900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591900" title="Owhiro Bay">
Owhiro Bay

Ōwhiro Bay is a southern suburb of Wellington, New Zealand, that overlooks the Cook Strait. It is situated west of the larger suburb of Island Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="21591908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591908" title="William Harris (priest)">
William Harris (priest)

William Henry Harris (28 April 1884 – 23 January 1956) was a British, Welsh-speaking priest, academic and translator. Ordained in 1914, he served for most of his life (1919-1941) as a teacher of theology at St David's College, Lampeter, becoming a Professor of Theology at the College in 1940 and Professor of Welsh in 1941. At the same time he served at St David's Cathedral as a precentor (1933), canon (1937) and treasurer (1948). He translated several hymns and liturgical texts into Welsh. As a theologian he valued the Catholic inheritance within the Reformed Churches, and fostered this inheritance within the Anglican Church in Wales.
Life.
William Henry Harris was born in Britain on 28 April 1884 at Pantysgallog, Dowlais, Glamorgan in south Wales. He was educated at Merthyr Tydfil County School. As a young man he went on to St David's College, Lampeter, where he obtained a first-class BA degree in Welsh in 1910. He won a Meyrick scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford, where he obtained a BLitt in 1913 and a BA in Theology in 1914.
He was ordained deacon in 1913 and priested in 1914. After initially being curate of Ystradgynlais in the Swansea Valley, he moved to Christ Church, Swansea in 1917 and then to All Saints, Oystermouth, Swansea, in the following year.
In 1919 he took the post of lecturer in theology at St David's College, Lampeter. He was also Precentor of St David's Cathedral (1933), becoming a canon of the cathedral in 1937. He accepted the post of Professor of Theology at St David's College in 1940, and in 1941 that of Professor of Welsh. In 1948 he became treasurer of St David's cathedral.
He died in London on 23 January 1956.
Harris was a supporter of the catholicity of the Church in Wales, and was a founder member of the St. David's Society which was set up to promote this. He wrote on this and on other theological topics, and served on committees for the Welsh Church Hymnary (translating some of the hymns himself) and the Book of Common Prayer. He was a member of the Gorsedd of Bards, with his bardic name being "Arthan". He also translated the office of Compline into Welsh in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="21591950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591950" title="Trondheim Soloists">
Trondheim Soloists

Trondheim Soloists () are a musical chamber ensemble of string players based in Trondheim, Norway. The ensemble was founded in 1988 and has been an arena for professional concert training for string-players at the Music Conservatory at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.
Recordings.
Trondheim Soloist’s discography includes over twenty recordings. The Trondheim Soloists have recorded 6 CDs including Vivaldi’s ’'Four Seasons’' and all of the music for strings by Edvard Grieg. The French Diapason d’Or was awarded the orchestra for its recording of Grieg’s "String Quartet No. 1 in G minor". Cellist Øyvind Gimse was appointed as artistic director in 2002.
Their performing style has been described as "a hybrid between modern techniques and period ideas: they use baroque bows but on metal stringed instruments". The latest release, "Divertimenti" (2L, 2008), featuring pieces by Britten and Bartók, also marks the first ever audio-only release on Blu-ray technology. The record was later nominated for three Grammy awards.
Collaborations.
Trondheim Soloists collaborates regularly with professional soloists such as Ben Caplan, Leif Ove Andsnes, Martin Fröst, Joshua Bell, Ole Edvard Antonsen, and Arve Tellefsen. Trondheim Soloists are perhaps mostly known for their extensive collaboration with German classical violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter. This collaboration has resulted in recordings of pieces by Vivaldi (Deutsche Grammophon, 1999) and Bach (Deutsche Grammophon, 2008). The Bach album made its debut on the Billboard "Top Classical Albums" chart in the No. 1 position in October 2008, and remained in the top five for five weeks. The collaboration with Mutter has also included touring. In November 2001, the Trondheim Soloists made their Carnegie Hall debut alongside Mutter 

</doc>
<doc id="21591951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591951" title="Adhikar">
Adhikar

Adhikar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21591956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591956" title="A5058 road">
A5058 road

The A5058 road, known as Queens Drive for much of its length, is a major ring road in Liverpool. It is that part of the A5058 that connects Breeze Hill in Bootle, at the intersection with the A59, with Aigburth Vale in Aigburth. The road was designed by civil engineer John Alexander Brodie, and was the UK's first ring-road.

</doc>
<doc id="21591962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591962" title="1988 Athens Open">
1988 Athens Open

The 1988 Athens Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the 1988 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was the third edition of the tournament and was held from June 13 through June 20, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21591966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591966" title="Jawab">
Jawab

Jawab may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21591968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591968" title="John Skilling">
John Skilling

John Skilling (October 8, 1921, Los Angeles, California – March 5, 1998, Seattle, Washington) was a civil engineer and architect, best known for being the chief structural engineer of the World Trade Center.
Early life.
John Skilling graduated from the University of Washington in 1947 and started working for an engineering firm called W.H. Witt Co, which is now known as Magnusson Klemencic Associates. He married at a young age and had three children—two girls and a boy.
Engineering work.
John started working for the W.H.Witt Co. soon after graduation. In 1983, he became the chairman of the firm. Prominent constructions under his leadership include the World Trade Center, Rainier Bank Tower, the Seafirst Building, Seafirst Fifth Avenue Tower, Century Square, Columbia Seafirst Center and the Washington State Convention and Trade Center.
Seattle Times interview.
In 1993 after the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, John Skilling said in an interview to the Seattle Times that according to their studies the World Trade Center was strong enough to withstand the impact of a Boeing 707. The only thing they were worried about was, in case of an airplane crash, the dumping of all airfuel into the building which would cause a horrendous fire. The building structure would still be there.

</doc>
<doc id="21591979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591979" title="Jerry Pattengale">
Jerry Pattengale

Jerry A. Pattengale (born 1958) is the founder of Purpose-Guided Education, and his mantra is “The dream needs to be stronger than the struggle.” He coined “purpose-guided education” in 1997 while leading the implementation of student success programs at Indiana Wesleyan University. In 2004, IWU received national recognition for these efforts through its selection as a Founding Institution in the Foundations of Excellence program of the National Policy Center (NC). The university was benefited from involvement in The Lilly Endowment’s program for focused research on “vocation.” Purpose-guided education prioritizes intrinsic motivation and helps students to become more engaged in learning experiences through connecting their beliefs and life goals to curricular requirements. The application of his views is found in "Why I Teach and The Purpose-Guided Student" (McGraw-Hill, 2008 & 2009 releases). He contributes regularly to educational issues related to student motivation and success, speaking nationally in various conference and media venues. He was raised in a family of ten near Lafayette, Indiana in the little town of Buck Creek, which prompted his popular Buck Creek newsprint series. At the age of 16 he found himself both a high school graduate and homeless. In 2006, PBS/WIPB (Ball State affiliate) included his journey in its special film, "Leading the Way out of Poverty". In 2007 and 2008 he participated in Roundtable meetings at the White House on compassion efforts through OFBCI. Since 2010 he has served as director of the Green Scholars Initiative.
Recognition for his work.
The National Research Center (USC) and Houghton Mifflin Publishers presented him the National Student Advocate Award (2000), NACADA with a Merit Award for his development of the "Virtual Advising Link" system (1999) and Students at Azusa Pacific University twice voted him “Professor of the Year” and once as “Honors Professor of the Year.” He has served on the boards the Collegiate Employment Research Institute (Michigan State University), Veriana Networks, Inc. (a new media group), The National Resource Center for First-Year Experience and Students in Transition (USC), Bridgecasters: The National Center for Understanding Diversity and Civic Responsibility (IN), The Center for Women in Ministry (IN), The Review Board for "The Journal of the First-Year Experience and Students in Transition" (Indiana), The 21sts Scholars College Network Steering Committee (IN) and the Governor’s Council for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives (Indiana). His mentoring of Olympian Kris Akabusi, a Nigerian sprinter from England, was highlighted in "The Guardian".
Pattengale received the 2012 World Changing Faculty Award from Indiana Wesleyan University.
Scholarship.
His publications and presentations reflect his wide range of interests, from his ancient history background to his studies of purpose, along with human interest stories. He speaks nationally on student success issues, including broadcasts such as "The Teaching Professor" (Magna Publications) and PaperClips and has given addresses to dozens of colleges and campuses, ranging from Colgate, Taylor and Wheaton to the universities of Michigan, Houston, South Florida, Arkansas, and many community colleges such as Ivy Tech. He was one of the pioneers in calling for a humanities approach to student success, and the need for faculty involvement in the development of strategies. Jerry writes a popular newsprint series for Paxton Media, "The Accidental Author", with some of these articles surfacing in books. In addition to his books and chapters on student success and history, he has a wide range of publications, e.g., “The Naked Truth” ("The Chicago Tribune"), “Student Success or Student Non-Dissatisfaction” ("Growth Journal"), “Writing History in Public,” ("Books & Culture") the “Addressing the Tension between Leading and Managing” ("Academic Leader") and “The Faculty Retention IQ Test” ("Faculty Focus").
Career & Education.
While completing a graduate degree at Wheaton College (Illinois) in Interpersonal Development, he developed a youth program to city teens in Chicago, IL. He later did the same in Indiana Wesleyan University while completing a second B.S. (History), founding the J.C. Body Shop—a Christian youth center. He then moved to Miami University for a second M.A. (Tudor-Stuart History) and a Ph.D. (Ancient History), holding a full fellowship and was a student of Dr.Edwin Yamauchi. From 1989-97 he taught history at Azusa Pacific University, where he helped to launch the Common Day of Learning, The Pew Honors Society, and the Night of Champions. In 1996 he served as Director of Education for "The Scriptorium: Center for Christian Antiquities" established by the late multi-millionaire financeer Robert Van Kampen. He helped facilitate the Scriptorium's two international conferences held at Van Kampen's former Hampton Court Manor House, in Herefordshire, co-sponsored with the British Library. During his time at The Scriptorium, Pattengale also acted as liaison in local middle school classrooms that were participating in The Scriptorium's "Odyssey in Egypt" online archaeological education program, a multi-variegated virtual curriculum that linked the young students to the excavation and its staff. The program generated millions of hits through its association with Sloman’s “Day in the Life of” series and received international recognition. In 2007, he served as a consultant for Lee Strobel’s film "The Case for Christ" (produced by Peter Schockey). He has served Indiana Wesleyan University, predecessor to Marion College, his alma mater, in academic administration since 1997, most recently as Assistant Provost for Public Engagement. He is also a non-resident Senior Fellow at Baylor University's Center for the Studies of Religion, associated with the Green Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="21591983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591983" title="Horne (surname)">
Horne (surname)

Horne is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21591987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21591987" title="Green Valley Industrial Park">
Green Valley Industrial Park

Green Valley Industrial Park is a major industrial park located on the north coast of Honduras, Central America. The park is about and is operating as a free trade zone.
Companies.
Green Valley Industrial Park is home for several companies focusing on the textile and apparel industry. Companies include Anvil Knits Honduras(AKH), Ceiba Textiles, Roman Knit Honduras, Pride Chemicals, FCI, Premier Narrow Fabrics, Leomar and Simtex International.
Transport.
The park is about 90 minutes from Puerto Cortes, the largest port in Central America.
Public transport is available from nearby cities, special bus services provide transport from major cities like San Pedro Sula.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21592002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592002" title="Aldea San Antonio">
Aldea San Antonio

Aldea San Antonio is a village beside the San Antonio creek in the Gualeguaychu Departament, in Entre Rios Province, in Argentina. The village was founded on February 27, 1889 by families came from the village of Huck (also Splavnukha), in the Bergeseite (occidental side) of Volga river, in Russia.
History.
In January 1887, nineteen families from Huck, Russia immigrated to the southern part of Entre Rios Province. The immigrants traveled through Saratov to Hamburg where they boarded a ship that took 28 days to reach Buenos Aires. After three days in Buenos Aires they traveled again by boat to Diamante where they arrived at Aldea Protestante (Protestant Village). In this village, a former neighbor Heinrich Herdt and his wife Anna María Hergenreder with their children Philipp Herdt, Johannes Herdt and Katharina Herdt were living.
In Aldea Protestante, there was no land available for purchase by the newly arrived families from Huck and they were invited by a German diplomat, Johannes Spangenberg, to buy his land in Pehuajó Norte where he had an "estancia" (a hacienda or large farm) with his brother Jacob. On this land called "Campos Floridos" (Flowery Prairies) three new villages were founded on February 27, 1889: San Antonio, Santa Celia and San Juan.
The first 19 families included:
1) Peter Michel and Anna Elizabeth Kempel with their 2 sons: Philipp and Johann Jakob Michel.
2) Johann Georg Huck (30 years old) and Anna Elizabeth Schlotthauer with their 2 daughters.
3) Ludwig Heidenreich (30 years old) and Anna Maria Huck with their 2 sons.
4) Jakob Sittner (30 years old) and Anna Maria Huck with their 2 sons: Jakob (14 years old) and Lorenz Sittner (10 years old).
5) Andreas Müller (30 years old) and Katharina Schäffer with their son: Johannes Müller.
6) Heinrich Koch (35 years old) and Anna Maria Michel with their 2 sons.
7) Konrad Sittner (30 years old) and Anna Margarethe Sittner with their son: Peter Sittner (7 years old).
8) Johann Georg Sack (40 years old, he came back to Huck and died there) and Katharina Sittner with their 5 children:
· Barbara Sack (16 years old), late married Hornus. 
· Katharina (15 years old), late married Georg Wambold. 
· Georg Philipp Sack (14 years old)
· Lorenz Sack (7 years old).
· Johannes Sack (2 years old).
9) Johannes Koch (25 years old) and Katharina Elizabeth Huck with their daughter: Elizabeth Koch.
10) Jakob Zitterkopf (25 years old) and his wife Elizabeth Leneschmidt with their 4 sons: Oswald (12 years old), Johannes (10 years old) Johann Georg (8 years old) and Georg Johannes (3 years old).
11) Lorenz Huck (19 years old).
12) Johannes Hergenröther (30 years old) and his wife Rosine Hergenröther with their son: Johann Georg Hergenröther (6 years old).
13) Georg Philipp Huck (30 years old).
14) Philipp Sittner (30 years old) and Elizabeth Huck.
15) Johannes Michel (30 years old) and Anna Margarethe Bohl.
16) Johann Georg Koch (30 years old) and Anna Maria Koch with their 2 sons: Johannes (3 years old) and Alexander Koch (1 year old).
17) Jakob Kindsvater (30 years old) and Anna Maria Michel with their 2 children: Elizabeth (3 years old) and Philipp Kindsvater (1 year old).
18) Philipp Michel (30 years old) and Elizabeth Sittner with their daughter: Elizabeth.
19) David Weigandt (30 years old) and his wife Elizabeth Weigandt with their 2 sons.
On May 25, 1889, 11 more families arrived from Huck having left their homes in Russia on March 15. At that time there were four houses in San Antonio. The 11 families included:
1) Philipp Huck (59 years old) and his wife Elizabeth Michel, with their 2 daughter: 
· Barbara Huck (18 years old, late married Georg Michel) 
· Charlotte Huck (12 years old, late married Christian Bauer from Santa Celia).
2) Philipp Huck (Philipp Huck's son), born in Huck on May 28, 1861, and his wife Elizabeth Sack.
3) Johann Georg Michel (60 years old) and his wife Christine Schaaf, with their granddaughter Katharina Elizabeth Hirt.
4) Konrad Michel “Hannschneider” (55 years old) and his wife Christine Hempel, with their 3 sons: 
· Johann Georg Michel (30 years old) and his wife Katharina Elizabeth Schultheis with 3 daughters: Elizabeth Michel, Katharina Margarethe Michel and Eva Katharina Michel 
· Philipp Michel (27 years old) and his wife Anna Maria Bohl. 
· Konrad Michel (19 years old).
5) Jakob Huck (38 years old) and his wife Elizabeth Michel and their 6 children: 
· Elizabeth Huck, later married Johannes Sittner. 
· Jakob Huck 
· Georg Philipp Huck, later married Margarethe Sittner. 
· Anna Margarethe Huck, later married Ernst Fischer. 
· Heinrich Huck 
· Maria Huck, later married Jakob Bach.
6) Jakob Sack (54 years old) and his wife Katharina Michel with their 4 children: 
· Elizabeth Sack (27 years old), married Philipp Huck (the number 2 in this list). 
· Johann Georg Sack (24 years old), married Margarethe Schäffer. 
· Heinrich Sack (21 years old). 
· Johannes Sack (16 years old).
7) Johann Georg Schultheis "Michel's" (27 years old) and his wife Barbara Weber with their son Adam Schultheis.
8) Jakob Heidenreich (31 years old) and his wife Magdalene Bohl with their 3 children: 
· Johann Georg Heidenreich (9 years old). 
· Anna Maria Heidenreich (6 years old). 
· Georg Philipp (4 years old).
9) Jakob Michel (31 years old) and his wife Maria Katharina Borrat with 5 children: 
· Jakob Michel 
· Johannes Michel 
· Katharina Michel 
· Charlotte Michel 
· Elizabeth Michel
10) Jakob Michel (40 years old) and his 2nd wife Magdalene Niederhaus with the 4 children of Jakob Michel and his 1st wife Katharina Niederhaus (Magdalene's old sister): Johann Georg Michel, Anna Margarethe Michel, Elizabeth Michel and Katharina Michel, and their son: Philipp Michel (son of Jakob and Magdalene)
11) Kaspar and Georg Weigand
On November 21, 1891, 17 families more from Huck arrived in Buenos Aires on the ship "Uruguay". These families also settled in San Antonio:
1) Johann Georg Sack (43 years old) and his wife Catharina (44 years old) with their 5 children: Jacob (25 years old), Georg (19 years old), Charlotte (11 years old), Johannes (8 years old) and Georg Philipp (5 years old).
2) Jacob Leichner (27 years old) and his wife Barbara (27 years old) with their 3 children: Jacob (4 years old), Barbara (3 years old) and Catharina (1 year old).
3) Oswald Huck (23 years old), his brother Georg (17 years old) and their 3 sisters: Barbara (25 years old), Johanna (15 years old) and Anna Marie (14 years old).
4) Georg Sack (46 years old) and his wife Margaretha Brotzmann (43 years old) with their 5 children: Anna Maria (18 years old), Catharina (15 years old), Maria Catharina (8 years old), Johannes (5 years old) and Georg (20 years old) with his wife Catharina (20 years old) and the their twins Carl and Georg (6 months)
5) Georg Sittner (50 years old) and his wife Barbara (52 years old) with their 6 children: 
· Christina (31 years old) with her children: Amalia (6 years old) and Alexander (5 years old);
· Georg (29 years old) with his wife Barbara Schlotthauer (31 years old) and their daughters Catharina (2 years old) and Amalia (1 year old); 
· Catharina (23 years old) with his husband Georg Michel (23 years old) and their daughter Barbara (1 year old); 
· Elisabeth (19 years old); 
· Johannes (17 years old); 
· Maria Catharina (11 years old)
6) Carl Sack (30 years old) and his wife Anna Margaretha Huck (25 years old) with their daughter Elisabeth (2 years old)
7) Peter Schaff (31 years old) and his wife Catharina (32 years old) with their 2 sons Georg (5 years old) and Carl (2 years old)
8) Adam Michel (44 years old) and his wife Magdalene 45 years old) with their 6 children: Elisabeth (19 years old), Margaretha (12 years old), Catharina (10 years old), Georg (7 years old), Anna Marie (5 years old) and Philipp (4 years old)
9) Jakob Schlotthauer (27 years old) and his wife Catharina Schneider (25 years old) with their daughter Elisabeth (1 year old)
10) Georg Alt (27 years old) and his wife Margaretha (26 years old) with their 4 children: Philipp (11 years old), Johannes (8 years old), Christine (4 years old) and Jacob (6 months)
11) Johannes Koch (56 years old) and his wife Barbara (55 years old) with their daughter Barbara (11 years old)
12) Adam Völker (35 years old) and his wife Catharina 28 years old) with their 2 sons: Philipp (5 years old) and Georg (3 years old)
13) Georg Philipp Eckert (37 years old) and his wife Margaretha Michel (35 years old) with their 6 children: Georg (11 years old), Johannes (10 years old), Amalie (8 years old), Anna Margaretha (6 years old), Jacob (4 years old) and Catharina (2 years old)
14) Johannes Brotzmann (42 years old) and his wife Elisabeth 42 years old) with their 3 children: Georg (11 years old), Jacob 5 years old) and Elisabeth (1 year old)
15) Johannes Sack (29 years old), single
16) Jacob Schaff (21 years old), single
17) Peter Eckert (47 years old) and his wife Anna Elisabeth Sack (45 years old) with their 8 children:
Georg Philipp (22 years old) and his wife Margaretha Sack (22 years old) with their son Georg (1 year old) 
Georg (19 years old) 
Conrad (17 years old) 
Catharina (14 years old) 
Anna Marie (11 years old) 
Jacob (9 years old) 
Barbara (7 years old) 
Margaretha (5 years old)
In the 1950s and 1960s, many people from San Antonio moved to Villa Ballester, a town about 10 kilometers from Buenos Aires where many people (about 30 percent) of Volga German descent live today.
Sources.
Die Russlanddeutschen, insbesondere die Wolgadeutschen am La Plata (Argentinien, Uruguay und Paraguay). Festschrift zum 50 jährigen Jubileum ihrer Einwanderung (1878–1928) by Pastor Jakob Riffel (published in 1928).

</doc>
<doc id="21592006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592006" title="Him (play)">
Him (play)

Him is a 1995 play that debuted in the New York Shakespeare Festival. Revolving around the afterlife of Elvis Presley, it was written by Christopher Walken, who also took the lead role. The play, Walken's first venture into playwriting, adopts a surreal tone, and is replete with references to aspects of Presley's life, as well as to other pieces of theatre, including "Hamlet" and those of Tennessee Williams. While it enjoyed some positive comments, it was largely panned by the critics.
Synopsis.
Taking place in an "unspecified present", "Him" depicts Presley (Walken), now deceased and in the afterlife (specifically, limbo, which is filled with Elvis look-a-likes), growing discontented with the antics of his twin brother, Rob (Campbell), who was stillborn many years previously. Rob is responsible for the numerous Elvis sightings taking place, often showing up as a ghost on Earth to fool people into believing that Presley was still alive. Presley relives his death, expressing annoyance at the decision of doctors to terminate life support. He continues to commentate through several surreal scenes, including a segment where a foam-likeness of Presley is tossed around the stage, and when four men dressed in underwear mourn at Presley's graveside. The plot continues, re-telling Presley's death as a disappearing act which enabled Presley to flee to Morocco for a sex change operation to become "her". A truck driver (Heyman) who recognises Presley, now a waitress at a "truckstop", as the aged rock-star, narrates this segment while wrestling with feelings of sympathy and sexual desire.
Music.
Walken does not utilize many impressions of Presley other than clothing and hair style, instead singing in his own voice, with an occasional "Tennessee Williams-style" accent. Musical Direction and Sound Design was done by Mike Nolan, who led the band, "Organ Donor." The band played the show live every night in the stage right orchestra pit. The original music, written by Mike Nolan and Scott Williams, was contemporary to the audience rather than to Presley.
Artistry.
The main poster for the play consisted of the idiosyncratic Presley hair-style set against a yellow background, with 'HIM' in large, pink lettering in the center. Walken requested such imagery, as it was his main physical impression of Presley. Walken himself spends a large amount of time during the play in a green velvet jumpsuit and a cape as he plays Presley, aside from the end scenes as the waitress where he dresses in "female garb".
Performances.
The play was deemed as a "workshop" and ran for three weeks of previews followed by thirteen performances. It ran for 75 minutes at each showing, with no intermissions.
Reception.
A review by Michael Feingold stated that "You write good strong sentences - not true of every actor who takes up playwriting - and your reflections on the strange state we call celebrity in America aren't foolish. But you haven't written a play yet. Disjointed as modern art has been, loose remarks, anecdotes, and routines around a theme still don't add up to a dramatic form." Other critics agreed on Walken's performance as "strange and rambling" or a "farrago of nonsense" while critics Thomas Hischak and Gerald Bordman identified it as the oddest play in New York that year.
The New York Times, however, gave a more positive review of "Christopher Walken's woozily conceived, fantastical new play... In the sharpness and wit of the writing and in the performances by Mr. Walken and Mr. Heyman, this sequence gives you some idea of what the rest of "Him" might have been." The New York Times does not, however, give a totally positive review, as it also states that the play "begins with a certain amount of dizzy promise and ends, approximately 75 minutes later, with the only sequence in the play that comes close to realizing it. In between, "Him" is cluttered with murky thoughts expressed in windy speeches, illustrated by anecdotes that have no point, though the general idea seems not to be a foolish one."
The New Yorker writes that "When he dons Elvis's cape, he seems ready to take flight." However the New York Magazine theatre critic, John Simon, referred to it as "garbage" and "maudlin masturbation". He describes Walken's performance as self-indulgent and scornful. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592032" title="Rovte, Logatec">
Rovte, Logatec

Rovte is a settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Michael and belongs to the Ljubljana Archdiocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21592058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592058" title="2009–10 Chelsea F.C. season">
2009–10 Chelsea F.C. season

The 2009–10 season was Chelsea Football Club's 95th competitive season, 18th consecutive season in the Premier League, 104th year in existence as a football club and the first season coached by Carlo Ancelotti. Despite disappointment in the Champions League, the club had the most successful season in its history, winning the Premier League for a third time and retaining the FA Cup for the first time, therefore becoming the seventh English club to complete the "Double".
Season summary.
Chelsea completed the Double for the first time in their history, while breaking numerous Premier League records in the amount of goals they managed. They won the F.A cup and prem.
Kit.
Supplier: Adidas / Sponsor: Samsung
Kit information.
The kit was first worn against Blackburn Rovers in the second to last Premier League game of the 2008–09 season. The away kit which was revealed at Chelsea's website on 25 June uses a tonal hoop design in dark navy and new navy with neon yellow highlights. The third kit is white with horizontal grey pin stripes and dark blue, almost black accents. They also wore the third kit with dark navy shorts. A new goalkeeper kit was brought in which was navy blue with fluro green accents. The fluro orange from the previous season stays on as the away goalkeeper shirt for this season. Chelsea will wear their 2010–11 home kit in the FA Cup final.
Club.
Coaching staff.
Notes:
Top scorers.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.

</doc>
<doc id="21592064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592064" title="Ashlé Dawson">
Ashlé Dawson

Ashlé Dawson is a choreographer, director, and dancer from New York, NY, USA.
Dawson was a Top 4 finalist on FOX's TV show "So You Think You Can Dance", after teaching for ten years. She then performed and worked internationally while remained based in Los Angeles. She appeared in MTV's "MADE" (Season 10, Ep.39) in August 2010 and performed with the Cirque Du Soleil in 2011. Dawson was dancing with Prince Royce. She has appeared with Don Omar, Victor Manuelle, Gloria Estefan, Andre 3000, Zion, Mickey Rooney, Olga Tannon, Flex, Wisin y Yandel, Aventura, Fonseca, and Juelz Santana.
Dawson has performed and taught in Singapore, Colombia, Chile, Switzerland, Cyprus, Venezuela, El Salvador, Mexico, and all over South and Central America and Puerto Rico. She ranges from contemporary, lyrical, salsa, hip hop, jazz, African and Afro Cuban, reggaeton, waackin, popping, and other styles, and has a background in ballet.
Dawson is the director of Ashlé & Co., a pre-professional dance company based in NJ, and is also the Co-founder of "IF" The Intensive.
Career.
Awards.
She is the winner of the International Miss Dance 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21592065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592065" title="Swimming at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre freestyle

The women's 200 freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics, was contested on September 20 (preliminaries) and September 21 (finals).
Silvia Poll's silver medal was Costa Rica's first Olympic medal ever.
Records.
The existing World and Olympic records at the time of the competition were:

</doc>
<doc id="21592066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592066" title="Master of the Marble Madonnas">
Master of the Marble Madonnas

The Master of the Marble Madonnas was the name given to an unidentified sculptor, or perhaps group of sculptors, active in the Tuscan region of Italy between c. 1470 and c.1500. He is thought to have been responsible for a group of stylistically related sculptures that is based mainly on their related compositions and drapery forms. Products of the Master's workshop include a large number of reliefs of the Virgin and Child; busts and reliefs depicting the suffering of Christ were also popular, as were busts of children. Various mannerisms can be seen in this group, as well; among these has been what is described as "a peculiar feline smile from heavy-lidded eyes and a taut jaw, at its best radiating inward joy but often acerbic or bordering on the manic" 
The name "Master of the Marble Madonnas" was coined by Wilhelm von Bode in 1886, who noted several points of similarity linking these sculptures to the production of well-known Florentine masters such as Mino da Fiesole, Antonio Rossellino, Desiderio da Settignano, and Benedetto da Maiano but which are generally inferior in quality and execution. Under whom this "Master of the Marble Madonnas" might have received his training is unknown but it surely would have been in the workshop of one of these masters. Previous attempts to identify van Bode's Master of the Marble Madonnas with either Giovanni Ricci, Domenico Rosselli, or Tommaso Fiamberti did not gain wide acceptance. Fiamberti's name did receive the most critical support.
In 2001, Alfredo Bellandi presented evidence connecting the Master of the Marble Madonnas and the sculptures associated with that name to a rather obscure Florentine sculptor named Gregorio di Lorenzo. Gregorio was trained in the workshop of Desiderio da Settignano, absorbing through him characteristics common to the Rossellino brothers. As an independent master, Gregorio di Lorenzo is documented in Florence from 1455 to 1495. 
Gregorio di Lorenzo is known also to have worked in the ducal courts of Urbino and Ferrara, also making trips to Hungary to serve Mattia Corvino and to Italian outposts along the eastern Adriatic. His significance to the Italian Renaissance lies not so much in any particular work but in the overall contribution he rendered in spreading the Florentine approach to sculpture to a wider audience.
Works by the Master can be found in various museum collections, including those of the Pinacoteca Civica, in Forlì (Italy); Columbia Museum of Art in Columbia, SC;National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa; National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.; the National Gallery of Australia; and the Louvre. The Washington collection also contains a nineteenth-century work copying his style.

</doc>
<doc id="21592108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592108" title="Saeed Salama">
Saeed Salama

Saeed Sayyed Salama (سعيد سيد سلامة) was arrested in June 1998, accused of membership in al-Jihad, as he was crossing into Egypt from Yemen. Other sources say he was arrested June 1, 1998 in Saudi Arabia.
He was accused of overseeing several bomb attacks against American military targets within Saudi Arabia.
At the Returnees from Albania case, he reported that the militant group had decided to shift their focus to attacking American and French targets after those two countries began helping apprehend and kill Islamic militants, and that targets were chosen to give the group a media platform and secure their "power and credibility".

</doc>
<doc id="21592120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592120" title="Susan Hibbert">
Susan Hibbert

Susan Hibbert (born Susan Nona Heald) (21 May 1924 – 2 February 2009) was one of the secretaries who typed the English versions of the German surrender document at the conclusion of the Second World War. After her death, there was believed to be only one surviving witness to the surrender ceremony, Albert Meserlin, who himself died on 29 March 2009.
Hibbert was born the elder child of the Right Honourable Sir Lionel Heald (1897-1981) and his first wife Flavia Forbes (1902-1959), the daughter of Lt.-Col. James Stewart Forbes and Angela Selina Blanca St. Clair-Erskine. Through her maternal grandmother, Hibbert was a great-grandchild of Robert St Clair-Erskine, 4th Earl of Rosslyn. 
During World War II Heald served as a sergeant in the Women's Auxiliary Territorial Service. She was assigned to type the English version of the German surrender. Three other secretaries typed the French, German and Russian versions. She and the other typists were present at the signing ceremony.
Another assignment she received was to type the message informing the War Office in London that the war was over.
Later she worked in the Allied Control Commission, first in Frankfurt, and then in Berlin, where she met her husband Basil, a former RAF fighter pilot.
In 1950 her father Lionel Heald was elected as member of parliament for Chertsey, subsequently serving for two years as Attorney General in Winston Churchill's final administration. Susan became his secretary, and continued to work at Westminster for him and other Conservative MPs for the next 35 years.
Her husband Basil, a former RAF pilot, died in 2001; the couple had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="21592127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592127" title="Mohammed Mutaleb">
Mohammed Mutaleb

Sheikh Mohammed Salah Abdul Mutaleb (محمد صالح عبدالمطلب) was an Imam, and suspected leader of al-Jihad, murdered in July 1998 while leaving Al-Husseini mosque in Sana'a, Yemen.
His death was believed to be an assassination by the State Security Intelligence-sponsored Fatah Revolutionary Council.

</doc>
<doc id="21592154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592154" title="Lee Strafford">
Lee Strafford

Lee Strafford is an English businessman, the former chairman of Sheffield Wednesday F.C., the Football club based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. Strafford is also co-founder of NetStart. He was also co-founder and CEO of successful UK ISP PlusNet. 
Strafford became chairman of Sheffield Wednesday on 7 January 2009 and quickly made significant changes to the club including signing a charitable sponsorship deal with Sheffield Children's Hospital. However, it was announced on 17 May 2010 that Strafford had resigned, having failed to ensure that the club stayed in the Football League Championship caused by apparent major disruption within the boardroom. Following his resignation Strafford engaged in a corporate whistle-blowing process, exposing various issues which directly contributed to the club's plight, a plight which almost resulted in the club being placed into administration. The club was bought by Milan Mandaric on 14 December 2010. Mandaric's bid was supported by the club's bankers and major creditor, the Co-Operative Bank, in favour of an alternative bid by members of the incumbent board.
Strafford made his name with Sheffield based Internet provider PlusNet. He took PlusNet from 7 to 200+ employees and from £0 to £100 million market cap, with the company eventually being sold to British Telecom for only £67 million During his time as CEO, the business went through three sale processes, 6 years as a reporting segment of Insight Enterprises Inc, a (NASDAQ listed Fortune 500 business), one AIM IPO, two and a half years as a plc and was eventually sold to BT Group in January 2007.
Strafford has spent much of the time since the sale of PlusNet working with Sheffield City Council and the two Sheffield Universities with a view to helping to create more technology start-ups in the region and establishing better support for existing technology businesses.
In December 2010 Strafford became a founding private sector board member of the Sheffield City Region Local Enterprise Partnership (http://www.sheffieldcityregion.org.uk/), working with a specific focus on the Creative and Digital industries agenda for the city region, while also working with the rest of the board on driving economic growth as a whole in the city region.

</doc>
<doc id="21592156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592156" title="Shuanghui">
Shuanghui

Shuanghui Group () is a privately owned meat processing company headquartered in Luohe, Henan, China. Known as Shineway Group in English-speaking countries, the company's businesses include hog raising, consumer meat products, flavoring products, and logistics. It is the largest meat producer in China.
Shuanghui has 13 facilities that produce more than 2.7 million tons of meat per year. It slaughters more than 15 million pigs a year, but only raises about 400,000 – the rest are purchased from suppliers. It had revenue of US$6.24 billion in 2012. The company holds more than 500 patents and produces 1,000 different products.
Wan Long, nicknamed China's "number one butcher" because of the large number of pigs the company slaughters, is the chairman of Shuanghui. As of May 2013, Zhijun Yang is the managing director. The company employs over 60,000 people and is 30% employee owned.
History.
Shuanghui was set up by the local Luohe City Government in 1958 as a single processing plant. Wan Long was appointed chairman in 1984. Under Wan, the company has expanded aggressively. In his first year, he turned around a struggling company, bringing it from a net loss to a net profit of 5 million yuan ($1.7 million). The company introduced its first branded meat product to the market in February 1992. Later that year, Shuanghui formed a joint venture with 16 institutional investors across six countries. In 1994, the venture was incorporated as Shuanghui Group. Shuanghui subsidiary Henan Shuanghui Investment & Development Company Limited () was established and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1998. In 2000, Shuanghui started a post-secondary educational-work research division.
By 2006, Shuanghui was the largest (by company value) food processor in China, and 131st largest company overall. The company was valued at $1.3 billion, and controlled more than 50% of China's high-temperature processed meat market at that time. That year, Luohe State sold its share of Shuanghui to a joint venture of Goldman Sachs and private equity firm CDH Investments. Goldman Sachs later sold most of its share, reportedly for a large profit.
In 2011, state-owned CCTV revealed that Shuanghui pork contained clenbuterol, a banned chemical that can be harmful to humans.
Mergers and acquisitions.
On 29 May 2013, Shuanghui announced it would purchase American pork producer Smithfield Foods, Inc. for $34 per share, or approximately US$4.72 billion total. Including assumed debt, the total value of the deal is about $7.1 billion. The agreed purchase price represents a 31% premium over Smithfield's market price at the time of the deal. The businesses had been in discussion for four years before they were able to come to terms.
Before it can be finalized, the deal will have to be approved by U.S. Committee on Foreign Investment, a process that takes about 75 days, and Smithfield shareholders. However, "The Wall Street Journal" said deal "unlikely to face serious opposition" from regulators. "The administration clearly has a public policy of open arms – it's hard for me to believe that there are going to be many speed bumps in this transaction," said U.S. China Economic and Security Review Committee member Michael Wessel. Several congressman expressed concerns over the purchase, but stopped short of saying they would oppose it.
To allay potential concerns about food safety, Smithfield CEO Larry Pope stated the deal would " the same old Smithfield, only with more opportunities and new markets and new frontiers." No Chinese pork would be imported to the United States, he stated, but rather Shuanghui desired to export American pork. There is a growing demand for foreign food products in China due to recent food scandals. Smithfield's existing management team would remain intact and no major changes to its workforce would occur. Analyst Derek Scissors said companies such as Shuanghui are "not looking to cause any trouble in the American market ...They want to gain from what the U.S. is able to do." China has been a net importer of pork since 2008.
If completed, the deal will be the largest ever takeover of a U.S. company by a Chinese company. It will roughly double the number of US jobs tied to direct investment by China. The previous largest takeover was Dalian Wanda Group's acquisition of AMC Theaters for $2.6 billion. Smithfield will cease to be publicly traded at the deal's completion.
It was announced in July 2013 that Shuanghui plans to list Smithfield on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange after completing the takeover. The IPO would see the firm valued at around $4 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="21592161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592161" title="Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev">
Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev

Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Rovte in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from " Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev" (literally, 'Three Kings’ Peak') to " Vrh nad Rovtami" (literally, 'Peak above Rovte') in 1952. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev" was restored in 1992.
Church.
On top of a hill to the south of the settlement is the landmark parish church from which the settlement gets its name. It is dedicated to the Three Kings () and belongs to the Ljubljana Archdiocese. The church was built in 1698. It formerly contained a 15th-century statue of the Virgin Mary, which is now kept at the National Gallery of Slovenia. Its marble altar is believed to have been brought here from the monastic complex in Bistra.
Cultural heritage.
In addition to Three Kings' Church, several other structures in Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev have protected cultural monument status:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev include:

</doc>
<doc id="21592164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592164" title="Tongass Passage">
Tongass Passage

Tongass Passage is a strait on the Canada-United States border between Alaska and British Columbia, located on the southwest side of Wales Island. Wales Island, and Pearse Island, to its northeast, were claimed by the United States prior to the settlement of the Alaska boundary dispute in 1903. Prior to that time, numerous American-owned canneries lined its shores. Canadian claims to the islands were affirmed in the Alaska Boundary Settlement of 1903, in which Tongass Passage, Pearse Canal and the Portland Canal were defined as comprising "Portland Channel", a term first used in the Anglo-Russian Treaty of 1825 as part of the marine boundary between Russian America and British claims in the region, but which remained undefined until the boundary settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="21592165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592165" title="Harry Child">
Harry Child

Harry Stephen Patrick Child (born Harry Stephen Patrick Chesley) (May 23, 1905) - November 8, 1972)
was an American professional baseball player who played one season. He appeared in 5 games for the Washington Senators in and recorded 5 strikeouts for his career.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and died at the age of 67 in Alexandria, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="21592167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592167" title="Dumb insolence">
Dumb insolence

Dumb insolence is an offence against military discipline in which a subordinate displays an attitude of defiance towards a superior without open disagreement. It is also found in settings such as education in which obedience and deference to a teacher is expected but may be refused by unruly pupils. For example, a pupil may suck their teeth, sigh or walk away while being spoken to.

</doc>
<doc id="21592169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592169" title="Baptist Sports Medicine">
Baptist Sports Medicine

Baptist Sports Medicine is a specialized extension of the Baptist Hospital orthopedic program. Baptist Hospital is a part of Saint Thomas Health Services, which also includes Saint Thomas Hospital in Nashville, Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro and Hickman Community Hospital in Centerville.
Services.
Baptist Sports Medicine combines several services under its umbrella, including general orthopedics, physical therapy, aquatic therapy, athletic medicine and occupational therapy. Baptist Sports Medicine is the exclusive health care provider to the Tennessee Titans, Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association and Lipscomb University.
In 2007, Baptist Sports Medicine managing director Trent Nessler headed a research team to evaluate screening tests and evaluate their predictive value for athletic injury when used as a pre-assessment tool.
Baptist Sports Medicine clinics can be found throughout Middle Tennessee, with locations in downtown Nashville, Antioch, Bellevue, Brentwood, Centerville, Green Hills, Murfreesboro, Pleasant View, Rivergate and Spring Hill, as well as at Lipscomb University.
Sponsorships.
Baptist Sports Medicine is the exclusive provider of medical services to the Tennessee Titans, Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association and Lipscomb University. Until June 2008, it was also a sponsor of the Nashville Predators.

</doc>
<doc id="21592184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592184" title="Ceanothus parryi">
Ceanothus parryi

Ceanothus parryi, with the common name Parry ceanothus, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae. It is native to Oregon and northern California, where it grows in the canyons of coastal mountain ranges. 
Description.
"Ceanothus parryi" is an erect shrub approaching 5 meters in maximum height. The woody parts are reddish brown and woolly when new, darkening with age and shedding most of the hairs. The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged, oval in shape and edged with glandular teeth. They are dark green and hairless on the upper surfaces, paler and woolly on the undersides. The inflorescence is a long cluster of deep blue flowers, up to about 15 centimeters long. The fruit is a smooth, 3-lobed capsule a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="21592208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592208" title="The Storm Prophet">
The Storm Prophet

The Storm Prophet is a novel by Hector Macdonald, first published in 2007. It centres on the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, an offshore sailing race between the Australian mainland and the island of Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="21592237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592237" title="George Lee (journalist)">
George Lee (journalist)

George Lee (born 27 September 1962) is an Irish economist, journalist, television and radio presenter, and former Fine Gael politician. He worked for RTÉ from 1992 to 2009. He was appointed Economics Editor in 1996. During his time in RTÉ News and Current Affairs he was named Irish Journalist of the Year for uncovering a major tax evasion and overcharging scandal at National Irish Bank. He has also presented many documentary programmes for RTÉ.
Lee became a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency in June 2009, winning a by-election with a 53.4% majority and was referred to as a "celebrity TD". On 8 February 2010 Lee announced his resignation both from Fine Gael and from Dáil Éireann, having spent nine months in politics. His reasoning was that he had "virtually no influence or input". He returned to RTÉ in May 2010, and presented "Mind Your Business", followed by "The Business" on RTÉ Radio 1 from 2010.
Early and personal life.
Lee's father was a motor mechanic and his mother was a hairdresser. Lee was the seventh in a family of eight children and grew up in Templeogue, Dublin. He attended Coláiste Éanna, a Christian Brothers' School in the Dublin suburb of Ballyroan. Lee is a graduate of University College Dublin and holds an MSc in Economics from the London School of Economics where his specialist area was labour economics and unemployment.
He is married to Mary Lee (née Kitson), they have two children, Alison and Harry, and lives in Cabinteely. Lee famously travelled to work in RTÉ using a Segway, once giving it a test ride live on "Tubridy Tonight".
Career.
Lee joined the civil service as an executive officer in the Central Statistics Office. Two years later he started at University College Dublin where he studied economics under academics such as Brendan Walsh and Peter Neary.
Prior to his move into broadcasting, he lectured in NUI, Galway and then worked as a journalist with "The Sunday Business Post". Lee was also a Senior Economist at Riada Stockbrokers. He also worked as Treasury Economist with FTI and as a research economist with the Central Bank of Ireland. 
From 1992 to 2009 he worked in RTÉ, the public broadcasting service of Ireland. He was appointed Economics Editor with RTÉ in 1996. Lee was named Irish Journalist of the Year, along with Charlie Bird, in 1998 after they uncovered a major tax evasion and overcharging scandal at National Irish Bank. He has devised, researched and presented several television series, including "Moneybox", "More To Do", "Winds of Change", and "Beyond the Berlin Wall". He is thought of as an "economics guru". He left RTÉ "in the late 1990s" to work for BCP Stockbrokers. He left the job and returned to his RTÉ post the next day.
Before embarking on his political career, he filmed a four-part series based on the fall of the Berlin Wall in 2008. It was aired on RTÉ One in November 2009.
George Lee was parodied in the 1990s comedy "Bull Island", where he was seen "menacingly staring down the lens of a camera", and has also been featured on RTÉ 2fm's "Nob Nation".
Political career.
On 5 May 2009 on the "News at One" on RTÉ Radio 1, Lee announced that he was resigning as Economic Editor with RTÉ and announced his intention to seek the Fine Gael nomination for the Dublin South by-election in 2009. Lee took a year's unpaid leave from RTÉ in May 2009. On 6 May 2009 Lee was chosen as the Fine Gael candidate for the by-election. He was the only candidate for the nomination.
He was elected on the first count to represent Dublin South on 6 June 2009. He received over 53% of the 1st preference vote. In total he received 27,768 1st preference votes. His RTÉ position was filled by Europe editor Sean Whelan, but only as correspondent. Instead, David Murphy was promoted to Business Editor. When elected, Lee was referred to as a "Celebrity TD".
In an opinion poll concerning support for possible candidates in the 2011 presidential election conducted by the "Sunday Independent" in October 2009, Lee came third, receiving 12% support, in front of former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern among other high-profile politicians.
Lee highlighted the failure of EMPG, the holding company for US publisher Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, and the potential impact on the Irish taxpayers of the loans given by Anglo Irish Bank to the investors in EMPG on 13 January 2010. Lee saw this as another example for the urgent need of an investigation into the Irish banking crisis.
Resignation from politics.
On 8 February 2010 he announced his resignation from Fine Gael and from Dáil Éireann, due to having "virtually no influence or input" into shaping Fine Gael's economic policies at a time of economic upheaval. It emerged that on 2 February, Lee met with the Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny and told him of his intention to resign. Kenny then offered Lee the frontbench position as spokesman on economic planning. Speaking to reporters outside Leinster House soon after his announcement, Lee said it would have been dishonest of him to accept the position: "I had absolutely no input for nine months. I think I had to be honest with myself and honest with the electorate about that and not pretend." Asked if his resignation was a vote of no confidence in Kenny, Lee said there were "certainly lots of large mutterings at the moment in relation to the leader's position". He said he had "minimal involvement" with Fine Gael finance spokesman Richard Bruton. "I had a maximum of two or three conversations with Richard Bruton in a total nine months period. I don’t know how my relationship is with " Lee said. 
Kenny noted Lee had been appointed chair of the party's committee on economic policy and also its forum. "I had anticipated a very important role for Lee in the coming period with Fine Gael." Kenny's spokesman later dismissed the proposition that the resignation had implications for his leadership. He cited the public endorsement of Kenny by 20 Dáil deputies over the course of the weekend. Former Fine Gael leader Michael Noonan said he was surprised at the decision: "I thought that George Lee was fitting in well", adding that he believed he would have been a cabinet member in a Fine Gael-led government.
George Lee was criticised after his resignation by Senator Eoghan Harris, who was speaking on the "Lunchtime" programme of Newstalk Radio. Harris suggested financial considerations and long working hours of politicians were the reasons why Lee resigned. Fine Gael TD Brian Hayes, who was Lee's campaign manager in the Dublin South by-election, said that in discussions with Lee, the latter had complained about "a major reduction in his income" since leaving RTÉ to become a Dáil backbencher. Lee denied that financial considerations had anything to do with his decision to quit politics.
Return to RTÉ.
RTÉ received a letter from Lee confirming his intentions to return after his leave of absence. The "Sunday Tribune" said on 14 February 2010 that he would have to wait for three months before returning to RTÉ. Exactly a year after leaving RTÉ, he returned to the broadcaster on 5 May 2010. He worked as an advisor on the RTÉ business desk. He presented "Mind Your Business" on RTÉ Radio 1 on Saturday Mornings as a summer replacement for "The Business". 
When John Murray moved to present his own programme, Lee took over "The Business" slot on 4 September 2010 on Saturday mornings on RTÉ Radio 1. In addition to the radio edition, Lee has presented a televised version on RTÉ One, also titled "The Business".

</doc>
<doc id="21592250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592250" title="Nicholas Lloyd">
Nicholas Lloyd

Sir Nicholas Markley Lloyd, (born 9 June 1942), is a former British newspaper editor and broadcaster.
Personal life.
Lloyd was educated as a day boy at Bedford Modern School and graduated from St Edmund Hall, Oxford. He is married to former newspaper editor Eve Pollard, with whom he has a son, Oliver. He also has three children from his previous marriage - Justin, Rachael and James Lloyd. 
Career.
He edited the "Sunday People" from 1982 to 1983, then moved to edit the "News of the World" for a year from 1984, and finally edited the "Daily Express" from 1986-1995.
Lloyd received a knighthood in the 1990 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours. He presented a breakfast show on LBC 97.3, a London radio station, from 1997 to 1999. Since 1996, he has been the chairman of the public relations consultancy Brown Lloyd James. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592265" title="Mehdi Fat'hi">
Mehdi Fat'hi

Mehdi Fat'hi began his stage career in the Anahita studio in 1959. He studied acting under Mostafa Oskooyi (Konstantin Sergeyevich Stanislavsky’s metod). 
He made his screen debut in Zan-e khoon-asham (1967).
He also directed a drama by name of "Sousangerd".

</doc>
<doc id="21592276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592276" title="Digital newspaper technology">
Digital newspaper technology

Digital newspaper technology is the technology used to create or distribute a digital newspaper.
Hardware.
PC's.
A newspaper can be read on a PC, laptop, netbook or tablet PC in an offline version, such as PDF, or as an online edition, using a web browser. Many newspapers have websites while some even have online archives such as "The New York Times".
PC.
Although PCs are suitable to read longer texts, the main disadvantage is that a PC is not portable, such as a newspaper.
Netbook.
A netbook is a laptop of limited size with limited performance. The number of netbooks exploded in 2008. The Asus EEE with a 7 inch screen and a Linux operating system was one of the first commercial models. Netbook specifications are varied, but most have either Linux or Windows XP as their operating system.
It seems only a matter of time before the netbooks also be equipped with a touchscreen. The device will then be much more suitable as a newspaper reader. Many of the current netbooks which use Linux or Windows XP are not optimized for use with touchscreens. The successor of Windows Vista, Windows 7, will have touchscreen functionality. Microsoft will provide a special edition of Windows 7 for netbooks.
Tablet PCs.
A tablet PC is a laptop without a keyboard. The orientation of the is screen both horizontally and vertically. For reading purposes, the use of a tablet PC in a vertical position is preferable.
At the CES in Las Vegas in January 2009 Asus presented two netbooks with turnable screens. These products combine the advantages of a compact size with the advantage of a tablet PC and would be very suitable as mobile reader.
Criticism.
Most modern computer screens are LCDs. To provide an image on a screen, LCD technology emits light from the screen towards the reader. This makes reading this screen harder than reading a printed sheet of paper where a reader will see the image because it reflects light. For this reason some people argue that a computer screen is not suitable to read long articles.
Mobile phones.
Newspapers can be read on mobile phones either as a webpage, made suitable for the limited size of the screen of a mobile phone, in a web browser, or with the use of a specially designed application.
The possibilities to run an applications on a mobile phone depend on the operating system of the phone. Most phones run on Symbian. Other operating systems are Windows Mobile, iPhone, Android, RIM and Palm OS. Some of these platforms are open to external developers, others are semi-open or closed.
PressDisplay.com created an application to read newspapers on the iPhone. The New York Times has also a special application fit for the iPhone and iPod Touch.
The main disadvantage of the mobile phone is it limited screen size which makes reading longer texts more difficult. The development of beamers, specially designed to work with mobile phones, could provide a solution for this problem.
E-readers.
An e-reader is a device with a screen that is optimised for reading text. Most e-readers use epaper technology for display. It is argued that issuing a newspaper using epaper has many cost advantages.
The market for these devices is heavily in development.
Although Apple Inc. has succeeded to be successfully market a product with only one function – the iPod for playing music – the question is whether consumers will be prepared to buy a device with which only text can be read.
iLiad.
The iLiad is an electronic handheld device, or e-book device, which can be used for document reading and editing. The iLiad is capable of displaying document files in a number of formats, including PDF, Mobipocket, XHTML and plain text. It can also display JPEG, BMP and PNG images, but not in color.
The distributor of the iLiad is iRex Technologies, a Philips spin-off company.
The most advanced e-reader range of iRex is the 1000 series. This series has a display of 10.2 inches (almost the size of an A4) and a resolution of 1024 x 1280 pixels. The device has a mini USB port for communication with the PC and the possibility of SD cards in the stabbing. The 1000 series supports PDG, TXT and HTML and graphics formats JPEG, PNG, POISON, TIFF and BMP. The most advanced version supports Bluetooth and WiFi. It is possible to (limited) to surf with this device.
Kindle.
Amazon Kindle is an e-book reader, an embedded system for reading electronic books (e-books), launched in the United States by online bookseller Amazon.com in November 2007. It uses an electronic paper display
and downloads content over Amazon Whispernet using the Sprint EVDO network. The Kindle can be used without a computer, and Whispernet is accessible without any fee.
The Kindle 2 will be available in February 2009. One of the new features of this product is the use of text-to-speech technology to read books out loud. Several authors have objected to this feature, claiming it violates their copyright.
Sony Reader.
The Sony Reader is an e-book reader. It uses an electronic paper display developed by E Ink Corporation that has 166 dpi resolution and four levels of grayscale. The reader uses an iTunes Store-like interface to purchase books from Sony Connect eBook store. It also can display Adobe PDFs, ePub format, personal documents, blogs, RSS newsfeeds, JPEGs, and Sony's proprietary BBeB ("BroadBand eBook") format.
Hanlin eReader.
The Hanlin eReader v3 is an e-book reader, an electronic book (e-book) reading device by Tianjin Jinke Electronics Co. Ltd. The device, much like others on the market, features a 6" (15 cm), 4-level grayscale electrophoretic display (E Ink material) with a resolution of 600×800 pixels (167 ppi).
The Hanlin eReader V3 is sold under various names, such as lBook V3 (Ukraine), Walkbook (Turkey), BEBOOK (Netherlands), and Papyre 6.1 (Spain). It is also supported by the OpenInkpot firmware.
Cybook.
Cybook Gen3 is a 6 inch e-Reader, specially designed for reading e-Books and e-News, or listening to MP3 music or audio-books. It is produced by the French company Bookeen.
Readius.
Readius is working on an e-reader that can be rolled up. It is noy clear when the product is expected to hit the market.
Plastic Logic.
The company Plastic Logic is working on an e-reader. It should be larger, thinner and more flexible compared to the products of Amazon and iRex. The product will be available in 2010.
The name of the e-reader is "QUE proReader"!.
Screen technologies.
OLED.
An Organic Light Emitting Diode (OLED), also Light Emitting Polymer (LEP) and Organic Electro Luminescence (OEL), is any Light Emitting Diode (LED) whose emissive electroluminescent layer is composed of a film of organic compounds. The layer usually contains a polymer substance that allows suitable organic compounds to be deposited. They are deposited in rows and columns onto a flat carrier by a simple "printing" process. The resulting matrix of pixels can emit light of different colors.
A significant benefit of OLED displays over traditional liquid crystal displays (LCDs) is that OLEDs do not require a backlight to function. Thus they draw far less power and, when powered from a battery, can operate longer on the same charge. Because there is no need for a backlight, an OLED display can be much thinner than an LCD panel.
OLED is not yet widely used to display digital newspapers because of the high cost of technology. Most likely the technology will be used for television screens.
LCD.
A liquid crystal display (LCD) is an electronically-modulated optical device shaped into a thin, flat panel made up of any number of color or monochrome pixels filled with liquid crystals and arrayed in front of a light source (backlight) or reflector. Many computer screens use LCD technology. The main disadvantage for using the technology for a reading device is the fact that a reader looks into the light to read from the screen. This makes reading for longer periods not comfortable for the eyes.
Plasma.
A plasma display panel (PDP) is a type of flat panel display common to large TV displays (37in. [940 mm]). Many tiny cells between two panels of glass hold an inert mixture of noble gases. The gas in the cells is electrically turned into a plasma which then excites phosphors to emit light.
Plasma does not seem very suitable as a display technique for a digital newspaper to read.
Electrowetting.
Electrowetting is the modification of the wetting properties of a hydrophobic surface with an applied electric field. Electrowetting is now used in a wide range of applications from modulab to adjustable lenses, electronic displays and switches for optical fibers.
E Ink.
E Ink is a type of electronic paper manufactured by E Ink Corporation.
It is a proprietary material that is processed into a film for integration into electronic displays, particularly for E-book devices such as the Sony Reader, the iLiad, the Cybook Gen3, the Amazon Kindle, the Readius device from Polymer Vision and Plastic Logic's Reader. The October 2008 issue of the North American edition of Esquire was the first magazine cover to integrate E Ink.
Software.
Many organisations that publish a printed newspaper also publish an online edition. Newspapers can decide to publish the same information as in the printed version online, or choose to provide different articles compared to the printed newspaper. Information can be provided for free or as a paid subscription. Digital newspapers can be published using a variety of software formats.
HTML.
Many newspapers published their content online using HTML. An example is the website of The Wall Street Journal. An advantage of the use of HTML is that many web browser know how to handle HTML and the contents of the articles can be copied easily.
PDF.
Some newspapers provide digitalized versions of their printed editions. A commonly used format is PDF. For example, on this website it is possible to read all the international newspapers of Metro International online in a viewer and download them in a PDF format.

</doc>
<doc id="21592280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592280" title="Digital newspaper">
Digital newspaper

A digital newspaper is a digital version of a printed newspaper. Newspapers can be digitally published online or as a digital copy on a digital device, such as a mobile phone or an E Ink reader.
Online.
Web.
Many organisations that publish a printed newspaper have also an online newspaper. Newspapers can decide to publish the same information as in the printed version online, or choose to provide different articles compared to the printed newspaper. Information can be provided for free or as a paid subscription. Some printed newspapers have decided to have their publication only published online. In the Netherlands the freesheet DAG killed the printed edition in 2008. In the US The Capital Times decided also to continue online in 2008. In Australia, the Australia Times became the first Australian newspaper to publish a digital newspaper edition in May 2010
Some newspapers provide digitalized versions of their printed editions. A commonly used format is pdf.
Others experiment with new layouts to provide the news on their websites. The New York Times tried to fit as many articles as possible on a screen by using a layout that resembles a full newspaper sheet.
Also see Online newspaper for information about online-only newspapers.
Mobile phones.
PressDisplay.com created an application to read newspapers on the iPhone. The New York Times has also a special application designed for the iPhone and iPod Touch.
Future.
Some people have argued that any device could be suitable for distributing news as long as the distribution is kept easy and intuitive. Journalist David Carr discussed in the International Herald Tribune the possible success for an 'iTunes' for news. The Economist also discussed this option.
Offline.
E ink.
It is possible to read several newspapers on e-readers via an application of the company Newspaper Direct, which runs on the DR1000 series of IREX. Newspaper Direct offers a kind of virtual newspaper kiosk where the user can choose the paper. The company offers titles from eighty countries. The Dutch newspapers involved are: AD, Telegraaf, de Volkskrant, NRC and Het Nederlands Dagblad. Company Press Display offers a similar service.
Examples of newspapers on e ink:

</doc>
<doc id="21592281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592281" title="Kunur River">
Kunur River

Kunur River, one of main tributaries of the Ajay, in length, has its origin near Bansgara in the Faridpur police station area. With water from several small streams swelling it during the monsoons, it often floods large areas of Ausgram and Mangalkot police stations of Bardhaman district. It joins the Ajay near Ujani village.
Archaeology.
Microliths of crystalline stone and petrified wood from about 1250–1000 BC are found in many places in the Ajay-Kunur-Kopai river system.

</doc>
<doc id="21592283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592283" title="Xu Wenlong">
Xu Wenlong

Xu Wenlong (born February 27, 1987) is a Chinese cross country skier who has competed since 2007. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, he finished 19th in the team sprint and 68th in the individual sprint event.
He won the men's 10 km qualifying event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic.
Xu's best World Cup finish was 23rd in a 15 km event at Changchun in 2007. His best overall finish second in a 50 km race, also in Changchun, in early 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21592290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592290" title="Ceanothus parvifolius">
Ceanothus parvifolius

Ceanothus parvifolius is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name littleleaf ceanothus. It is endemic to the High Sierra Nevada of California, where it grows in moist areas in the forest. 
Description.
This is a spreading shrub, growing to a maximum height of just over a meter, forming a wide bush. The woody parts are reddish in color and hairless. The leaves are alternately arranged and deciduous. They are less than 2 centimeters long, mainly oval in shape and smooth-edged, sometimes with a few tiny teeth near the tip. 
The plentiful inflorescences are clusters several centimeters long of flowers in shades of very pale to deep blue. The fruit is a 3-lobed smooth capsule a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="21592292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592292" title="Happy Valley, Wellington">
Happy Valley, Wellington

Happy Valley is a southern suburb of Wellington, New Zealand. It is a main thoroughfare between Wellington city and Wellington's somewhat rugged and scenic southern coast. 
Happy Valley currently has a small eclectic Green community. There is an active community garden nearby the main waterway, the Owhiro Stream, between the school and the coast. North Happy Valley has an active environmental care group called Friends of the Owhiro Stream (FOOS), who have done quite an amount of eco-renewal. 
Happy Valley features in the opening and closing scenes of the World War II novel 'Lancewood', written by Alan Marshall, in which both penguins and cows are represented side by side on the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="21592302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592302" title="Periyavaram">
Periyavaram

Periyavaram is a panchayat in Nellore, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Periyavaram is located near to Venkatagiri, just 1 km away from Venkatagiri railway station. The village consists of around 200 houses, with a population of 1,000. Maratapalli also comes under this village; it contains around 25 houses. The main occupation of the people is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="21592321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592321" title="1989 Athens Open">
1989 Athens Open

The 1989 Athens Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament was held from April 10 through April 17, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21592341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592341" title="James Blackburn (architect)">
James Blackburn (architect)

James Blackburn (10 August 1803 – 3 March 1854) was an English civil engineer, surveyor and architect best known for his work in Australia, where he had been transported as a sentence for forgery. According to the "Australian Dictionary of Biography", Blackburn "has claims to be considered one of the greatest engineers of his period in Australia, and his architectural achievements established him as Tasmania's most advanced and original architect." He was key to the formation of the Department of Public Works in 1839, serving as one of its core members under Alexander Cheyne.
On 3 May 1841 he was pardoned, whereupon he entered private practice with James Thomson, another a former convict. Among the notable constructions of the firm was the swing Bridgewater Bridge completed in 1849. After that project, Blackburn and his family moved to Melbourne where in addition to resuming his architect career and pursuing other business interests, he became city surveyor. His most notable effort in this role was the conception and design of a water supply system for Melbourne which drew from the Yan Yean Reservoir. Three years later, on 3 March 1854, Blackburn died of typhoid, with five of his ten children, eight of which had been born in Australia, surviving him.
Life.
Blackburn was born on 10 August 1803 in Upton, West Ham, Essex, England. He was the third son born in a family of five children, four boys and one girl. His father and all of his brothers were scalemakers. At the age of 23, he was employed by the Commissioners of Sewers for Holborn and Finsbury and later on became an inspector of sewers. In 1833,due to economic difficulties he forged a cheque and was penalized and transported to Van Diemen’s Land (Tasmania).
Blackburn was listed as a civil engineer and surveyor on the journey to Tasmania and was assigned to the Roads Department under Roderic O’Connor, a wealthy Irishman who was the Inspector of Roads and Bridges at the time.
In April 1843 Blackburn was assigned as an Engineer to the Roads Department according to an entry in the "Blue Book" in 1839. In August 1834 he handed in a report to the Government dealing with the water crisis which had been affecting the town of Launceston, Tasmania, for at least 10 years. In October of that year, Blackburn completed plans and sections which were proposed solutions to solve the crisis. In March 1835, the government still did not make up a decision. It was until half a year later when most people agreed on Blackburn’s proposal and in March 1836, constructions were finally put to work. Alexander Cheyne, who became the Inspector of Roads and Bridges after the resignation of O’Connor in December 1835, expressed his confidence in Blackburn. "He is the only person I can depend upon to do many of the duties, and without his assistance I must necessarily have done them myself… He is the only person in the Department beside myself who can survey and level… I place more confidence in him than I could in the greater proportion of those who call themselves free… If Blackburn from being a convict is incapacitated from making enquiries, no time must be lost in supplying his place with a free person qualified to do the duties, if such can be found, which I doubt, in the colony." In August 1836, Blackburn’s detailed work had been looked at by sixteen senior government officials and he was permitted a free pardon in January 1840 which became effective in May 1841.
Between 1839 and 1841, Blackburn was involved in the designs of Government buildings and churches. In 1841, he was involved with the completion of Bridgewater Causeway. In August he submitted a proposal with James Thomson but further changes and delays were made. The project was finally begun in March 1847 and the bridge were opened in April 1849. 
He was also married to Fatmanur doner
In April 1849, Blackburn sailed from Tasmania with his wife and ten children to start a new life in Melbourne. In May Blackburn was aware of the polluted water pumped from Yarra River for sale directly causing a death rate of 20 per week. He proposed a red gum pipe could be introduced at the corner of Flinders and Elizabeth Streets as an allotment. The water would be directed to a tank and filtered to remove the pollutant before being sold to the public.
In July 1853, the construction of St Mark’s Church, began to designs by Blackburn and his son, also called James.
Due to the pollution of the Yarra River, Blackburn submitted a report to the Council in August 1851 suggesting to bring water to Melbourne using gravity from the upper reaches of Plenty River. However, this proposal was declined and another scheme was chosen. Clement Hodgkinson, who had also suggested a scheme, studied Blackburn’s proposal and said: "After visiting the ground I have much pleasure in giving my humble testimony as to the care, industry and engineering talent displayed by Mr Blackburn." The Government accepted the recommendation and the work was carried out.
At the age of 51, James Blackburn died from typhoid, the same sickness which took away the lives of four of his sons and a daughter.
Church projects.
St Mark's, Pontville.
St Mark's an Anglican church in Pontville, Tasmania, was sited by Governor Lachlan Macquarie, in 1821. It was designed by Blackburn in a distinctive neo-Norman style and built between 1839 and 1841 by Joseph Moir at a cost of approximately £2,600. It is constructed from local Brighton stone. The main façade incorporates a central Norman doorway flanked by raking arcades and low towers. The interior includes elaborately carved furniture by Hobart woodcarver Ernest Osborne.
Between the front two towers, effectively recessed by their juxtaposition is the entrance porch which comprises two central Tuscan columns supporting a segmented arch with zigzag decoration and inversely castellated cornice, reminiscent of a sun temple, with miniature raked colonnades either side.
It is unique, though architecturally it has affinities with at least two other Tasmanian churches, the Presbyterian Church at Glenorchy and the New Town Congregational Church. The designs of those buildings mark the earliest colonial appearances of the Romanesque style in the history of Australian architecture.
Holy Trinity church, Hobart.
Blackburn's Holy Trinity, at 50 Warwick Street, Hobart, Tasmania, is a good example of ecclesiastical construction in sandstone. It has one of the oldest sets of bell in Australia. The foundation stone was laid by John Franklin (Tasmanian Lieut-Governor) in 1841. Construction was completed in 1848. The church is in a Gothic Revival style. One of the most memorable aspects in the church is the war memorial window at the east end of the building designed by L. Dechaineux. 
The church is regarded as a building of national and historic heritage significance, as it demonstrates the principles characteristics of sandstone Academic Gothic church, and also of significance to the local community as a religious landmark. It is now is at high risk of deconstruction and no solution agreed because of the huge cost of keeping the building in good condition.

</doc>
<doc id="21592354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592354" title="August Frank memorandum">
August Frank memorandum

The August Frank memorandum of 26 September 1942 was a directive from SS Lieutenant General ("Obergruppenführer") August Frank, a higher official of the SS concentration camp administration department. The memorandum provides a measure of the detailed planning that Frank and other Nazis put into the carrying out of the Holocaust. For example, it includes instructions as to the disposition of postage stamp collections and underwear of the murdered Jews. It is clear that the Nazis were intent in removing everything of value from their murdered victims, and indeed, went further than the memo itself. Hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
The memorandum contains an instruction that the yellow stars that the Nazis forced the Jews to wear on their clothing were to be removed before the clothing was redistributed to ethnic Germans whom the Nazis were resettling into occupied Poland. This memorandum, when it came to light after the war, played a key role in refuting Frank's claims that he had no knowledge that Jews were being murdered en masse in the extermination camps of Operation Reinhard. It is also notable as an example of the use of the Nazi euphemism "evacuation" of the Jews, which meant their systematic murder.

</doc>
<doc id="21592355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592355" title="Zaplana, Logatec">
Zaplana, Logatec

Zaplana is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in the hills to the north of the town of Logatec. It is sometimes considered part of Zaplana in the Municipality of Vrhnika although it is separated from it by a hill, not in continuous territory with it, and in a different municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="21592379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592379" title="St. Dominic High School">
St. Dominic High School

St. Dominic High School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21592381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592381" title="Navan (Parliament of Ireland constituency)">
Navan (Parliament of Ireland constituency)

Navan was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592395" title="Jonas Thor Olsen">
Jonas Thor Olsen

Jonas Thor Olsen (born January 3, 1978) is a Danish cross country skier who has competed since 1999. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, he finished 48th in the 50 km, 78th in the 15 km, and was lapped in the 30 km mixed pursuit events.
Thor Olson's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 16th in the 4 x 10 km relay at Val di Fiemme in 2003. His best individual finish was 49th in the 50 km event at Liberec in 2009.
At the World Cup level, Thor Olsen's best finish was 23rd in the team sprint event at Düsseldorf in 2003. His best individual finish was 44th in the 50 km at Oslo in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21592399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592399" title="Ceanothus pinetorum">
Ceanothus pinetorum

Ceanothus pinetorum is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names Kern ceanothus and Coville ceanothus. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California, where it is known only from the Kern Plateau, a section of the southern Sierra featuring wide meadows and ridges. 
Description.
This is a low-lying shrub forming a bush or mat under a meter tall but up to about 8 meters in spreading width. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged and generally under 2 centimeters long, each firm and hairless with a toothed edge. The inflorescence is a small cluster of blue to off-white flowers yielding horned, wrinkled fruits just under a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="21592415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592415" title="Žibrše">
Žibrše

Žibrše is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21592435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592435" title="William Neill (rugby league)">
William Neill (rugby league)

William "Webby" Neill (1884-1964) was a pioneer Australian rugby league footballer of the early 20th century who later became a leading referee in the New South Wales Rugby Football League. 
Neill played for South Sydney in the first ever NSWRFL premiership season in 1908 and that year went on to play in the first ever Grand final, which his team won. The following season Souths also won the premiership and he was first selected for the Australian national side that year. Neill moved to Newtown the following season, playing in their 1910 NSWRFL season grand final-winning team to make it three premierships in three years. The following year he was selected to go on the 1911–12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, the second-ever. He played for another three seasons at Newtown before a final season with Glebe.
Neill later took to refereeing in the NSWRFL. He oversaw matches in a long refereeing career from 1916 to 1932 and officiated in a number of Grand finals in that time.
He was awarded Life Membership of the New South Wales Rugby League in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="21592443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592443" title="American Association for Physical Activity and Recreation">
American Association for Physical Activity and Recreation

The American Association for Physical Activity and Recreation (AAPAR) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to enhancing quality of life by promoting creative and active lifestyles through meaningful physical activity, recreation, and fitness across the lifespan, with particular focus on community based programs. It is one of five national associations that are part of the American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance (AAHPERD). AAPAR was formed in 2005 as a result of a merger between the American Association for Active Lifestyles and Fitness (AAALF; with roots dating to 1949) and the American Association for Leisure and Recreation (AALR; with roots dating to 1939), both of which were AAHPERD associations.
Organization.
AAPAR members include professors, teachers, trainers, community leaders, fitness professionals, and students in the physical education/recreation industry. The organization promotes and accredits programs, conducts conferences and workshops, and publishes scholarly and trade journals, books, and research.
AAPAR consists of twelve focus groups, called Councils, which encompass the various expertise of its members. The Councils are:

</doc>
<doc id="21592447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592447" title="Take it Sleezy">
Take it Sleezy

Take it Sleezy is the debut album by American Glam Metal band Dirty Penny, released on August 2, 2007. It was produced by music engineer Johnny Lima and was recorded at Suspect Studios, San Jose, California.
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by Ian MacPherson, Matt Biggam, Spencer Joseph, and Tyle Molinaro.
Music videos.
There are two music videos from this album. Scream & Shout (2007) and Midnight Ride (2009).
External links.
[http://www.dirtypennysucks.com/html/media.html]
[http://www.metalexpressradio.com/menu.php?main=reviews&id=2294]
[http://www.flashrock.com/tv/video/234/DIRTY-PENNY-live-flashrock-GLAM-BAND-music-video-web-cast]

</doc>
<doc id="21592457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592457" title="1990 Athens Open">
1990 Athens Open

The 1990 ATP Athens Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour. It was held from October 1 through October 8, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21592465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592465" title="Lectionary 18">
Lectionary 18

Lectionary 18, designated by siglum ℓ "18" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th-century.
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"), with numerous lacunae. The text is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 276 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 21-24 lines per page. 
Beginning of lectionary in John 4:53.
It was partially examined by Mill ("Bodleianus 4") and Griesbach.
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
Currently the codex is located in the Bodleian Library (Laud. Gr. 32) in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21592469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592469" title="Sebastian Sørensen">
Sebastian Sørensen

Sebastian Sørensen (born August 14, 1984) is a Danish cross country skier who has competed since 2002. He finished third in the 10 km qualification for the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2005 in Oberstdorf, Sørensen finished 20th in the 4 x 10 km relay had his best individual finish of 63rd in the individual sprint event.
His best World Cup finish was 65th in the individual sprint at Gothenburg, Sweden in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21592495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592495" title="Boaz mastodon">
Boaz mastodon

The Boaz mastodon is the skeleton of a mastodon found near Boaz, Wisconsin, USA, in 1897. A fluted quartzite spear point found near the Boaz mastodon suggests that humans hunted mastodons in southwestern Wisconsin.
History.
Following a heavy rainfall on July 10, 1897, the sons (Harry, Chris, Verne, Clyde) of farmer John Dosch were checking for flood damage along the eastern branch of Mill Creek near the village of Boaz when they discovered some unusual bones sticking out of the creek bank where it had been partially washed away. The boys excavated the bones and displayed them by a hitching post near the road. The local mailman spread the word about the find and the following week stories about it appeared in the "Republican Observer", the "Richland Democrat", and the "Viola Observer". What was described as an arrowhead was found in clay near a rib. The bones were moved to the basement of the Dosch farmhouse. Later, Frank Burnham, a Richland Center, Wisconsin, attorney and member of the state legislature, negotiated the sale of the bones to the State of Wisconsin for fifty dollars. The skeleton, which is about two-thirds complete and missing its tusks, was reconstructed in 1915 by M. G. Mehl and G. M. Schwartz and is housed in the Geology Museum of the University of Wisconsin. It is estimated that the Boaz mastodon was eighteen feet long, stood nine and a quarter feet high, and weighed six to eight tons.
The arrowhead did not accompany the bones when they were sent to the University of Wisconsin. In the 1940s the University received an envelope containing a quartzite spear point. The return address on the envelope was D. C. L. Dosch, Maysville, Missouri, and scribbled on the envelope was "allegidly found with U.W. elephant". In 1962, the two surviving Dosch brothers identified the point as like the one they had found 66 years previously. The fluted spear point is made of quartzite from the Silver Mound Archeological District which is about 80 miles north of Boaz.

</doc>
<doc id="21592519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592519" title="Dunya School">
Dunya School

Dunya School was a part of Khazar University and was established by professor Hamlet Isaxanli (Isayev) (or Hamlet Isakhanli) in September 1998 in Baku, Azerbaijan with the objective to educate preschool and school students, individuals of 3–18 years old. Students of Dunya think critically, manage resources responsibly, communicate effectively and incorporate a multicultural and international perspective. Dunya School is an IB World School. It is accredited by the Ministry of Education of Azerbaijan and the International Baccalaureate Organization(IBO).
Dunya School has facilities including a library, a computer lab with internet access, classrooms, an art studio, a beautiful theatre with lighting and sound systems, sport facilities, a lunch room, and buses for student transportation to and from school.
The school enrolls around 400 students. Dunya is a day school, where students stay from 9 a.m. till 5 p.m.
Extracurricular activities (drama, dance and music, arts and sport, trips to interesting places, etc.) help children develop a wide worldview, work with community and grow confident. The activities of Khazar University Kung Fu Club are arranged on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
IB Diploma Programme.
Dunya School has offered the IB Diploma Programme for students ages 16 to 19 since January 2009. It is one of two schools in Azerbaijan (with the International School of Azerbaijan) to offer it. The Diploma Programme is a challenging two-year programme of international education which leads to a qualification that is widely recognized by the world’s leading universities. At Dunya School the language of instruction in the IB Diploma Programme is English. As an IB World School, Dunya promotes "international mindedness" and supports students to become inquirers, thinkers, communicators, risk-takers, knowledgeable, principled, caring, open-minded, well-balanced and reflective.
List of schools offering the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme
Education policy.
The learning style at the school is cooperative, friendly and student-oriented. The basic element of the learning process is formed by the students' self-evaluation — by discovering their own potential, taking on responsibilities, possessing self-confidence and, therefore, using their creativity and imagination in every aspect of life.
At Dunya School, the medium of instruction is Azerbaijani (Azeri) with English as a second language. Use of English as a language of instruction prepares children to find links between their community and the world. The students learn and use English in an interactive way, connecting their knowledge with real-life situations, using demonstration techniques. Conversational Club is held for students of all classes to motivate them to interact in English. This makes the students feel at home in an English-speaking environment.
Students learn Italian, Russian, and Arabic as well.
Art, music, drama, dance, and chess round out the educational program. Qualified professionals conduct classes in these fields that are equally important in developing a balanced character. It is Dunya's aim to educate not just the mind of the students, but to affect their behavior, attitudes and perceptions effectively, enhancing their self-awareness and self-reliance.
The classes aren't limited to the classroom walls. Art exhibitions of Dunya students are often organized at the school as well as nationally, which stimulate their creative activity. Extracurricular activities help children develop confidence in themselves and work with others. There are trips to museums, historical places, national parks, art galleries, theaters, nature, colleges and, of course, to Khazar University.
Organization.
The school is divided into four departments related to stages of school education: Preschool (3–5 years old), Primary (1st - 5th grades), Basic or Middle or Lower Secondary (6th - 9th grades), and Secondary or Upper Secondary (10th - 11th grades). Parent and Teacher Association organizes and supports events and programs and serves as an important link between parents and the school. The school has an internal quality evaluation (self-evaluation) system controlled by Khazar University. The responsibility for developing in-service teacher training has also been entrusted to Khazar University School of Education. Instructors are selected for their knowledge, moral qualities, enthusiasm and care for children.
Preschool.
The curriculum is attuned to cognitive, physical, social and emotional development of each child. To reach the goals of the education program the following activities are performed:
The program is improved by songs, poems, and storytelling, which encourage children's creativity and imagination.
Primary School.
Dunya Primary School offers its students the academic environment, active student involvement, a balanced combination of established tradition and modern ideas and facilities. Beginning from the 3rd grade, students are taught by teachers specialized in subjects, providing them with a greater exposure to different approaches to the learning experience.
There are classrooms purposefully designed for each subject. There is no place for memorizing conceptual knowledge, neither is there any homework that doesn't serve a meaningful purpose. The intention is to teach students literacy, basic mathematics and to help them love their school through activities. Slow learners are given extra lessons.
Middle and Secondary School.
According to Dunya School's approach, high school education should prepare students for an independent life and the university entrance exam. Qualified teachers support their students to help them become good citizens with critical thinking ability, who will be able to cope with modern science and technology, humanities and social studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21592524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592524" title="Bill Wallace">
Bill Wallace

Bill Wallace may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21592527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592527" title="Temperature cycling">
Temperature cycling

Temperature cycling (or temperature cycle) is the process of cycling through two temperature extremes, typically at relatively high rates of change. It is an environmental stress test used in evaluating product reliability as well as in manufacturing to catch early-term, latent defects by inducing failure through thermal fatigue.

</doc>
<doc id="21592537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592537" title="UD Barbadás">
UD Barbadás

Unión Deportiva Barbadás-Bentraces is a football team based in Barbadás in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1998, it plays in the Tercera División – Group 1. Its stadium is "Os Carrís".

</doc>
<doc id="21592556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592556" title="John Owen (chancellor of Bangor)">
John Owen (chancellor of Bangor)

John Owen (1698–1755) was a Welsh priest who became Chancellor of Bangor Cathedral. He was a staunch opponent of Methodism and was regarded as having a "troublesome litigious temper", bringing Methodist supporters in front of the ecclesiastical courts and having some excommunicated.
Life.
Owen was born in Llanidloes, Wales in 1698 and studied at Jesus College, Oxford from 1719. It is unclear whether he obtained a degree from the University of Oxford, but he is thought to have incorporated at the University of Cambridge (Trinity Hall) in 1741, obtaining LLB and LLD degrees in 1742 and 1751 respectively. After ordination, he became vicar of Llannor with Deneio (near Pwllheli, Gwynedd) in 1723, becoming canon of Bangor Cathedral in 1742 and Chancellor of the cathedral in 1743. In 1745, he was additionally appointed rector of Llantrisant, Anglesey; whilst his date of death is unknown, his successor was installed "because of the death of J. Owen" on 8 November 1755.
During his clerical career, Owen was known to be strongly opposed to Methodism, complaining about the Methodist nature of circulating schools in the area and taking proceedings in the ecclesiastical courts against those who supported Methodists, often leading to excommunication. On one action, he prosecuted a priest who had allowed a circulating school to function in his parish; the case took three years to resolve and, whilst the priest was acquitted, he still had to leave his farm. One contemporary of Owen, the priest John Lewis, said that Owen was "famous for a troublesome litigious temper" and thought it strange that the Bishop of Bangor would want to appoint him Chancellor.

</doc>
<doc id="21592560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592560" title="Morgan Smyth">
Morgan Smyth

Morgan Smyth (born February 10, 1986) is an American cross country skier who has competed since 2002. She won the 5 km qualification event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic. This allowed her to competed in the 10 km event the following day where she finished 51st.
Smyth best World Cup finish was 17th in the team sprint at Whistler Olympic Park, Canada in January 2009. She also had her best individual finish of 25th in the individual sprint at that same event.
Smyth in a graduate of Northern Michigan University.

</doc>
<doc id="21592582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592582" title="Nguyễn Phúc Thuần">
Nguyễn Phúc Thuần

Định Vương Nguyễn Phúc Thuần (1754–1777) was one of the Nguyễn lords who ruled over the southern portion of Vietnam from the 16th–18th centuries. The collapse of the house of Nguyễn lords intensified during Thuần's reign, many uprisings broke out throughout central part of Vietnam, including the Tây Sơn revolt; and the offensive of Trịnh lords from northern Vietnam. He tried to re-establish the Nguyễn lords' authority but unsuceeded. At last, he was captured and executed along with his followers and almost all family members by Tây Sơn rebel general Nguyễn Huệ in 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="21592594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592594" title="Ceanothus prostratus">
Ceanothus prostratus

Ceanothus prostratus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names prostrate ceanothus and mahala mat. It is native to the Pacific Northwest of the United States, into northern California and Nevada, where it grows in coniferous forest and open plateau. 
Description.
This is a flat, mat-forming shrub growing up to about 2.5 meters wide. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged, oval in shape with several large, sharp teeth along the edges. The upper surface is green and hairless, and the underside is paler in color and feltlike in texture. The inflorescence is a small cluster of deep blue or purple flowers. The fruit is a wrinkled capsule one half to one centimeter long. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592598" title="Li Xin (skier)">
Li Xin (skier)

Li Xin (born July 31, 1992) is a Chinese cross-country skier who has competed since 2007. She finished 65th in the 10 km event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
She finished second in the 5 km qualification event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic. This allowed Li to qualify for the 10 km event the following day where she finished 55th though her best finish at those same championships was 38th in the 30 km event.
Li's best World Cup finish was 24th in a 10 km event at Changchun in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21592610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592610" title="Wen-bin Chen">
Wen-bin Chen

Wen-bin Chen ([陳 文賓, born in Taiwan) was a professional baseball player in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball and Taiwan's Chinese Professional Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="21592617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592617" title="Gateway Academy, Westminster">
Gateway Academy, Westminster

Gateway Academy (formerly Gateway Primary School) is a coeducational primary school with academy status, located in Lisson Grove area of Westminster, London, England. It is a large school which promotes a positive approach to the development of bilingualism. Children who are learning English as a second language have access to a full curriculum and are encouraged to use their home languages as well as becoming fully competent in English.
Infant classes.
In infant classes there is a continuation and development of these activities linked to the teaching of reading, writing and mathematics - the skills that each child needs to progress satisfactorily through the school. Practical and recorded mathematical work is introduced; children are encouraged to read and write in a variety of ways, and to find books a source of pleasure and information. Project work is undertaken and linked to other areas of the curriculum.
Junior classes.
In the junior classes the skills the children have already developed are built on further through carefully planned schemes of work. Topics are linked into areas of the curriculum to allow the children to become involved in the material they are learning. Literacy is based around texts to encourage the children to build on their love of reading and enhance their writing skills.

</doc>
<doc id="21592622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592622" title="1991 Athens Open">
1991 Athens Open

The 1991 Athens Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1991 ATP Tour. It was held from September 30 through October 7, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21592635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592635" title="Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?">
Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?

Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin? or Second Chances "(international title)" is an Philippine suspense drama aired on GMA Network. This is the first starring roles of StarStruck Aljur Abrenica and Kris Bernal. This is a revival of a Sharon Cuneta and Gabby Concepcion movie from the mid 80's. The series was aired internationally, with a four-day delay, from March 6, 2009 until June 25, 2009 on GMA Pinoy TV.
Plot.
The series begins with Myrna Ramos (Kris Bernal) falling in love with her classmate, Miguelito "Lito" Sanchez (Aljur Abrenica). Soon, Myrna's father (Juan Rodrigo) discovered Myrna and Lito's relationship and he quickly tears their relationship apart. But still, Myrna and Lito still dated each other secretly. Soon, Lito proposes to marry Myrna. Myrna agrees and they got married. But they faces a lot of problems after getting married. Lito mostly spends time with his friends and he falls in love with Glacilda Bautista (Ara Mina). Glacilda would cause trouble for Lito and Myrna's relationship. Meanwhile, Myrna also mostly hang out with friends and she became best friends with the handsome and kind Kiko Claro (Paulo Avelino). It causes a threat for Lito since he thinks Kiko and Myrna have a love relationship.
Ending.
In the last few episodes, Kiko almost marries Myrna but she refuses to marry him and leaves him at the altar to be with her true love Lito. She and Lito get reunited. Kiko becomes angry at the unsuccessful wedding and informs Glacilda that Myrna and Lito have reunited. This makes Glacilda really mad and goes Myrna's house and almost kidnaps Myrna's baby, Joshua. It was unsuccessful because Myrna's father has a gun and kicked Glacilda out of the house. The next day, Kiko kidnaps Baby Joshua and tells Glacilda. She tells Kiko to meet her at her rest house where her fugitive brother, Phil (Carlo Aquino) and his friends are hiding. Here they plot their revenge on the happy couple. Kiko calls Myrna that he has Baby Joshua. When Myrna arrives, Glacilda ties her to a bed. Kiko almost rapes Myrna but she reminds him of what happened to his sister (Jana Roxas) who was raped by Phil and his friends which later commits suicide. Kiko regains his senses and helps Myrna and Baby Joshua escape. Meanwhile, Lito comes to the rest house to retrieve his wife and son but is captured and is then being beaten and tortured by Phil and his friends. Then, Yanboy (Dart Zia), one of Phil's friends, sees Kiko with a gun. Kiko forces them to release Lito and kills Glacilda's best friend, Anina (Say Alonzo). Kiko lets the couple, now with Baby Joshua, run away as he holds the rest of the group at gunpoint. Phil suddenly gets the upperhand and kills Kiko for killing Anina. The group gives chase. Lito, using the moves he acquired when playing paintball, is able to kill Phil's two friends but Phil is able to get behind him. Glacilda sees Phil about to shoot Lito and accidentally kills her brother. She cries over the death of her brother and randomly blames Lito for it. As Myrna and Baby Joshua appear from hiding, Glacilda shoots Baby Joshua and Lito shoots Glacilda in retaliation. Baby Joshua survives the gunshot. After all the action, Myrna finally remarries Lito. Meanwhile, Glacilda survives but has now become a homeless lunatic.
Soundtrack.
The theme song of the soap opera with the same title originally performed by Sharon Cuneta and revived by Angeline Quinto.

</doc>
<doc id="21592637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592637" title="Swerford">
Swerford

Swerford is a village and civil parish on the River Swere in the Cotswold Hills in Oxfordshire, England. It is about northeast of Chipping Norton. Swerford has two main neighbourhoods: Church End and East End. The area between them contains very few houses and is called Between Towns.
Manor.
The Domesday Book records that in 1086 Swerford was part of the royal manor of Hook Norton, which was held by Robert D'Oyly. The village has a motte-and-bailey castle which is believed to have been built early in the 12th century during the civil war between Empress Matilda and King Stephen.
In 1783 Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch commissioned the building of the country house of Swerford Park as a hunting lodge. In 1820 General Sir R. Bolton bought the house. Bolton commissioned the artist and architect Joseph Gandy, who remodelled the house between 1824 and 1829 in the style of Sir John Soane.
Church and chapel.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Mary is believed to have been founded by Osney Abbey early in the 13th century. The earliest part of St. Mary's present building is the tower and spire, which were built around 1300. The Decorated Gothic nave may have been built between 1250 and 1350. Perpendicular Gothic additions were made early in the 15th century: the chancel, and the clerestory of the nave. In 1846 the Gothic Revival architect H.J. Underwood added the north aisle. St. Mary's is now part of the Benefice of Hook Norton with Great Rollright, Swerford and Wigginton.
The church tower has a ring of six bells. William Bagley of Chacombe, Northamptonshire cast the tenor bell in 1695. Richard Sanders, who had a bellfoundry at Bromsgrove, Worcestershire and was also an itinerant bellfounder, cast the fourth bell in 1723. Matthew III Bagley of Chacombe cast the third bell in 1756 and the fifth bell in 1766. W. and J. Taylor of Loughborough cast the second bell in 1823, presumably at the foundry they ran in Oxford at that time. The Whitechapel Bell Foundry cast the present treble bell in 1998, completing the current ring of six.
The vicarage was built in the 18th century.
A Methodist chapel was opened in Swerford in 1938. It was closed in 1992 and is now a private house.
Social and economic history.
Old Clock Cottage was built in the 18th century.
By 1881 a railway tunnel long had been built through South Hill just west of Swerford Park for the Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway. The railway company usually called it Hook Norton Tunnel but sometimes it is called Swerford Park Tunnel. The line's nearest railway station to Swerford was about away at .
British Railways closed Hook Norton station in 1951 and closed the Banbury and Cheltenham railway completely in 1964. The tunnel is now bricked up at both ends to prevent access, both for people's safety and to protect any bats that may roost inside. ("See Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981")
Amenities.
Swerford has a village hall. The hall hosts regular village activities including a monthly market and monthly meetings of Swerford and Wigginton Women's Institute.
Swerford's former public house, the Masons Arms, is now a restaurant that has been awarded a Michelin "Bib Gourmand".

</doc>
<doc id="21592640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592640" title="Michiko Kashiwabara">
Michiko Kashiwabara

Kashiwabara finished third in the 5 km qualification event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic. This allowed her to qualify for the 10 km event the following day though she did not start. At those same championships, she finished seventh in the 4 x 5 km relay and 45th in the individual sprint event.
Kashiwabara's best World Cup finish was 60th in the individual sprint at Valdidentro, Italy in February 2009.

</doc>
