<doc id="21532732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532732" title="Oviston Nature Reserve">
Oviston Nature Reserve

Oviston Nature Reserve is a protected area in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa. The nature reserve is managed by Eastern Cape Parks. It is located on the southern shores of the Gariep Dam.
Overview.
The Oviston Nature Reserve offers a 16 000 ha of unspoilt wildlife area which hosts aardvark, aardwolf, African wild cat, bat-eared fox, black wildebeest, black-backed jackal, blesbuck, brown hyena, Burchell's zebra, Cape clawless otter, Cape fox, Cape ground squirrel, Cape hare, Cape porcupine, caracal, chacma baboon, duiker, eland, kudu, mountain reedbuck, gemsbuck, red hartebeest, Rock Dassie ("rock hyrax"), scrub hare, small-spotted Cat, small spotted genet, Smith's red rock hare, Southern African hedgehog, spotted-necked otter, springbuck, steenbuck, suricate, vervet monkey, water mongoose and yellow mongoose.
The Orange River offers the ideal setting for sunset cruises. The area surrounding the lake gives mountain bike enthusiasts plenty of open stretches with adventure rides into the Oviston Nature Reserve. The keen canoeist can enjoy endless trips on Lake Gariep, inside Oviston Nature Reserve. This is a bird lovers' paradise, with a wide variety found on the farm. Rarities include African fish eagle, black eagle, blue crane, Secretary Bird, Steppe Buzzard, kingfishers and many more.
The Orange River has become a fly-fishing mecca due to the abundance of both Yellowfish species. Some of the species found are Largemouth Yellowfish, Smallmouth Yellowfish, Orange River Mudfish, Moggel, Sharptooth Catfish, Chubbthead Barb, Carp and many more. For the fishing enthusiasts there is no better place than Lake Gariep to partake in the pleasure this sport has to offer.
Gariep area is blessed with an abundance of adventure, from the picturesque lake to beautiful nature reserves. Game viewing from a boat is an excellent option, for those who wish to enjoy the reserve and the animals from another angle. 
Location.
Oviston Nature Reserve is in the northeastern part of the Eastern Cape Province along the southern shoreline of the mighty Gariep Dam (formerly known as the Hendrik Verwoerd Dam). It covers an area of approximately 16,000 hectare and stretches from the dam wall on the west, to the Bethulie railroad bridge in the east. Oviston and Venterstad are 7 km from the reserve entrance.
Lake Gariep.
Lake Gariep, which spans the borders of the Free State, Eastern Cape and Northern Cape Provinces, lies approximately two hours south of Bloemfontein. The dam is more than 100 km long and 15 km wide with a surface area of about 360km² and a storage capacity of 5,673,8 million cubic meters. The dam wall is 914 m long and 88 m high. 
Oviston.
Oviston is a small town overlooking Lake Gariep on the Eastern Cape side. It was originally built to house the workers who built the dam which was completed in 1971. 
Nearby reserves.
Lake Gariep is surrounded by three provincial nature reserves: the Oviston Nature Reserve, the Tussen-die-Riviere Nature Reserve and the Gariep Nature Reserve. The Gariep Nature Reserve is between the dam and Bethulie on the Free State side. The Tussen-die-Riviere Nature Reserve is in the Free State. Oviston Nature Reserve is in the Eastern Cape Province on the southern shores of Lake Gariep.
History.
The land was originally bought by the state for the construction of the dam. In 1968, the Department of Agricultural Credit and Land Tenure and Water Affairs ceded control of the property to the provincial authorities. A memorandum has been drafted by the MECs of the three provinces to effectively join the three reserves and create a conservation area in excess of 85,000 hectares.
Climate.
This is a semi-desert area; it can get blindingly hot during the day, followed by nights in which the temperature plummets. Due to this climate, the area is quite dusty which helps to give extraordinary sunsets. The landscape consists of vast, open grassland with low "koppies" (small mountains) and is truly part of South Africa's "Big Sky" country. 
Rain generally falls as thundershowers between October and March, the rainfall season peaks from February to March. Temperatures are mild for most of the year, with very cold snaps from June to August and periods of intense heat from January to March. During winter, frost is common.

</doc>
<doc id="21532734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532734" title="Silaka Nature Reserve">
Silaka Nature Reserve

Silaka Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, close to the town of Port St. John's, and managed by Eastern Cape Parks. The park is small, at only 400 Ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21532736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532736" title="NATO Communications and Information Systems Agency">
NATO Communications and Information Systems Agency

The NATO Communications and Information Systems Agency (NACISA) is a former NATO Agency that was merged with the SHAPE Technical Centre on 1 July 1996 to form the NATO Consultation, Command and Control Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="21532741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532741" title="Thomas Baines Nature Reserve">
Thomas Baines Nature Reserve

Thomas Baines Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks. It was created as a municipal reserve in 1961 and upgraded to a provincial reserve in 1980.
The northern shore of the Settlers Dam forms the southern boundary of the reserve.
Fauna: African buffalo, Chacma baboon, Common eland, Greater kudu, Oribi.
Activities: Game drives, canoeing, camping, bird watching, sailing, bass fishing, environmental education, hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="21532742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532742" title="Tsolwana Nature Reserve">
Tsolwana Nature Reserve

Tsolwana Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks.
It is located along the northern slopes of the Winterberg Mountains at the edge of the Karoo. Its western boundary is formed by the upper Black Kei River. It is situated between Cradock and Queenstown and near Tarkastad.
There is often snow in the winter on the mountains.
The reserve's name originates from the Xhosa word for "spike", due to the presence of the cone-shaped hill, Spitskop.
Environment.
The vegetation is mostly made up of grassy plains and acacia thornveld. The reserve is home to many animals, including the white rhino, giraffe, eland, blesbok, mountain reedbuck, Cape mountain zebra, and springbok. This variety of animals makes it a popular site for game viewing.

</doc>
<doc id="21532744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532744" title="List of Depression-era outlaws">
List of Depression-era outlaws

This is a list of Depression-era outlaws spanning the years of Prohibition and the Great Depression known as the Public Enemy era. Those include, but are not limited to, high-profile criminals wanted by state and federal law enforcement agencies for armed robbery, kidnapping, murder and other violent crime. These are not to be confused with organized crime figures of the same period.

</doc>
<doc id="21532759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532759" title="David J. Brown">
David J. Brown

David J. Brown is an American computer scientist. He was one of a small group that helped to develop the system at Stanford that later resulted in Sun Microsystems, and later was a founder Silicon Graphics in 1982.
Education.
Brown received his primary and secondary school education in New York, and then studied at the University of Pennsylvania, Moore School of Electrical Engineering where he received a B.S.E. in 1979 and an M.S.E under the tutelage of Ruzena Bajcsy in 1980.
In 1984, Brown was introduced to David Wheeler, who invited him to join the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory as a doctoral candidate. In October 1986, he matriculated at St John's College, University of Cambridge, England to pursue a Ph.D. His dissertation introduced the concept of Unified Memory Architecture. This idea has subsequently been widely applied — most notably by Intel in their processors and platform architecture of the late 1990s and onward.
Career.
Brown became a member of the research staff in the Computer Science Department at Stanford University in 1981, where he helped develop the research edition of the SUN workstation with Andreas Bechtolsheim, prior to the establishment of Sun Microsystems.
In 1982, Brown was one of the group of the seven technical staff from Stanford (along with Kurt Akeley, Tom Davis, Rocky Rhodes, Mark Hannah, Mark Grossman, Charles "Herb" Kuta) who joined Jim Clark to form Silicon Graphics.
Brown and Stephen R. Bourne formed the Workstation Systems Engineering group at Digital Equipment Corporation. Together they built the group responsible for the introduction of the DECstation line of computer systems.
In 1992, Brown joined Sun Microsystems. He helped establish the process used for the company's system software architecture, and then went on to define the application binary interface for Solaris, Sun's principal system software product.
Later, Brown worked on Solaris's adoption of Open Source software and practices, and then its technologies for energy-efficient computing.
In 1998, Brown was elected to the Council of the Association for Computing Machinery, and later became a founding editor of the "ACM Queue" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21532782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532782" title="Complete Index to World Film">
Complete Index to World Film

The Complete Index to World Film (citwf or citwf.com) is an online database of information related to movies. Citwf, compiled online by Alan Goble and Valan Publishing since 2004, is a Guinness Record as the world's largest published film-related database, with over 722,500 title entries.
In 1990, The Complete Index to World Film Since 1895 was published by Bowker Saur in two volumes. (ISBN 1857392523) and a CD version was published in 1995.
Overview.
The Complete Index to World Film since 1895 contains information on over 497,200 films produced in over 175 countries of the world between 1888 and 2014 and is accessible by all. A subscription version is available to libraries and institutions and this version contains no advertising and the additional benefit of over 564,750 references to books and journals.

</doc>
<doc id="21532801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532801" title="West Michigan Railroad">
West Michigan Railroad

The West Michigan Railroad is a shortline railroad subsidiary of Pioneer Railcorp. It began operations in 1995, replacing the bankrupt Kalamazoo, Lake Shore and Chicago Railroad on an ex-Pere Marquette Railway line between Hartford and Paw Paw, Michigan. That company had taken over operations in 1987 from CSX Transportation.
History.
The Toledo and South Haven Railroad, a predecessor of the Pere Marquette Railway, opened the line from Paw Paw west to Lawrence in October 1877 and to Hartford in March 1883, as an extension of an older line from Lawton to Paw Paw. It was initially built as narrow gauge; the successor South Haven and Eastern Railroad standard gauged the line (along with an extension from Hartford to South Haven) in April and May 1899. The Pere Marquette gained control in April 1903, but the line temporarily left that system when the Kalamazoo, Lake Shore and Chicago Railway leased it in April 1907, intending to electrify it as an interurban. Michigan United Railways leased the line from 1911 to 1916; operations then reverted to the KLS&C until 1925, when the Pere Marquette took it back, having never been electrified. It abandoned the segment from Lawton to Paw Paw in 1942, and in August 1987 the Southwestern Michigan Railroad d/b/a Kalamazoo, Lake Shore and Chicago Railroad began operations between Paw Paw and Hartford. (Hartford to South Haven has also been abandoned.)
Pioneer Railcorp subsidiary West Jersey Railroad Co. operated a Salem County-owned line between Swedesboro and Salem, New Jersey from September 1988 until May 1995, when the lease was reassigned to the Southern Railroad of New Jersey. Three months later, the West Jersey began operating, under a directed service order, the line of the KLS&C, which had entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy in March 1993 and suspended operations in May 1995. In October the West Jersey Railroad changed its name to West Michigan Railroad, and later that month it bought the line. As of the fall of 2011, the railroad from Hartford to Paw Paw is all but abandoned. A filing with the Surface Transportation Board dated December 19, 2012 and numbered STB Docket No. AB-1107X requested abandonment of 10.67 miles of the line from Paw Paw west to a point west of 56th Street on the west side of Lawrence, Michigan. a group of local officials is considering converting the rail line into a rail trail patterned after the nearby Kal-Haven Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="21532863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532863" title="Blind Simmie Dooley">
Blind Simmie Dooley

Simeon "Blind Simmie" Dooley (July 3, 1881 - January 17, 1961) was an American country blues singer and guitarist.
Biography.
Dooley was born in Hartwell, Georgia.
Dooley met Pink Anderson in 1916 and taught him to play guitar. The two played on the street and at parties when Anderson was not traveling with Dr. Kerr's Medicine Show. In 1928 Dooley and Anderson went to Atlanta to record four pieces for Columbia Records. Two were published in the same year, the other two the following year. The records sold well. Anderson was invited to make further recordings without Dooley, however Anderson refused to be without Dooley.
Dooley died from heart disease in Spartanburg, South Carolina, at the age of 79.
Musical style.
Blind Gary Davis described Dooley, along with Blind Blake and Blind Willie Davis, as one of the biggest pre-war country blues guitarists.

</doc>
<doc id="21532874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532874" title="List of Rain or Shine Elasto Painters seasons">
List of Rain or Shine Elasto Painters seasons

This is a list of seasons by the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters of the Philippine Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21532892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532892" title="Julio de Vido">
Julio de Vido

Julio Miguel de Vido (born December 26, 1949) is an Argentine policy maker, currently the nation's Minister of Planning and Public Investment.
Biography.
De Vido was born in the City of Buenos Aires in 1949. Enrolling at the University of Buenos Aires School of Architecture and Urbanism, he graduated in 1974. He returned to the remote Province of Santa Cruz, and was named Works Director within the province's Housing and Urban Development Institute in 1988 by Justicialist Governor Héctor Marcelino García. He was promoted to the post of Provincial Highway Bureau Director in 1990.
The 1991 election of Río Gallegos Mayor Néstor Kirchner as Governor led to de Vido's appointment as Santa Cruz's Economy Minister, in which capacity he oversaw the investment of a US$535 million payout Kirchner negotiated for his oil-rich province when the State oil concern, YPF, was privatized in 1993. Julio de Vido was elected to the Argentine Lower House of Congress in the 1997 midterm elections. He returned to Santa Cruz Province halfway through his term, however, and was named Minister of Government by Governor Kirchner, securing de Vido's role as Kirchner's chief adviser.
Helping coordinate Kirchner's presidential campaign in the 2003 general election, de Vido was named to his current post as Minister of Planning when Kirchner became President of Argentina on May 25, 2003; the post was reinstated to cabinet-level status following a 12-year hiatus. Overseeing the nation's public works, de Vido has presided over a dramatic increase in public investment, though he has reaped criticism for his apparent reliance on patronage and for doting a disproportionate share of these record investments into Santa Cruz Province, home to 0.6% of the Argentine population. His wife, Alessandra Minnicelli, served as Director of SIGEN (the chief auditing office of the Argentine government) from 2003 to 2007, and the couple has been the focus of a number of investigations regarding their increasing net worth. Authorizing mostly gradual public sector rate increases during most of his tenure
Minister de Vido was instrumental in shaping President Cristina Kirchner's record US$32 billion public works plan for 2009-2010. He later confirmed that the plan's headline project, the construction of the Buenos Aires-Rosario-Córdoba high-speed railway (the first of its kind in the Western Hemisphere), would be postponed in favor of developing greater nuclear power capacity to satisfy growing electricity demand. He, along with Labor Minister Carlos Tomada, became the longest-serving cabinet member in the Kirchnerist era that began in 2003.
De Vido was appointed on April 16, 2012, to head the Federal intervention of YPF, the leading fossil fuel producer and distributor in Argentina. The company, which had been privatized in 1993 and acquired by Repsol of Spain in 1999, was partly renationalized amid ongoing production declines.

</doc>
<doc id="21532896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532896" title="Maple Mountain">
Maple Mountain

Maple Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21532900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532900" title="NoDak Films">
NoDak Films

Nodak Films is an independent production company based out of North Dakota founded by Nathan Anderson in order to produce fictional, feature-length films also set in the state.
The first movie from this company, "Last Summer for Boys", started filming in 2010 and premiered in Bismarck on September 21, 2012, as well as being released on DVD, with part of the proceeds being donated to the North Dakota Flood Fight program.
The project was given regional media coverage, inviting North Dakotans to participate.
Castings were held in Fargo.
Called "the first sustainable filmmaking company" by the director, the funding scheme for the project company relies on contributions by users or companies, which ensure a part in the movie or product placement. The initial contributors included former North Dakota governors, and mayors of North Dakota towns.
Each contribution is backed by a contract that guarantees a full refund if production ceases, which is reviewed by the North Dakota Securities Commission. The funding model came about as a response to a rejection by the Bank of North Dakota, due to the failure of the last state-funded film, "Wooly Boys" in 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="21532903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532903" title="Wally Beckwith">
Wally Beckwith

John Walter 'Wally' Beckwith (30 May 1893 - 7 December 1983) was a professional runner and Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and was a boundary umpire in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Athletic career.
Beckwith was a professional sprinter who competed under the Victorian Athletic League (VAL) from 1909-1934. As both a flat-runner and a hurdler he was most successful during his early years which included a third-place in the 1915 Stawell Gift and a win in the Sprint Handicap (75 yards) at the same meeting. He had won the latter event in 1913 and could have won three in a row had he not submitted an incomplete entry for in 1914. Other wins of note included the 1918 Shepparton Gift and a Wangaratta Gift. He was winning races as late as 1930 when he won the Lancefield Gift.
In 1938 Beckwith was appointed one of the handicappers for the Stawell meeting and later that same year was appointed as a handicapper for the VAL. Having filled further roles as VAL steward and committee member he was elected president in 1947 and served until 1950. He became an honorary life member of the VAL in 1951 and of the Stawell Athletic Club in 1962.
Football career.
Beckwith played his early football at Clifton Hill and West Melbourne CYMS. He made his only league appearance in the second round of the 1918 VFL season, when he played in Fitzroy's 40 point loss to eventual premiers South Melbourne at Brunswick Street Oval.
His son John had a much more successful career, playing in five premiership teams at Melbourne.
Umpiring career.
A knee injury forced Beckwith to retire from playing and he concentrated on athletics for most of the 1920s. It was common for professional athletes to use boundary umpiring as a way of maintaining fitness and Beckwith applied to the VFL in 1928. He was accepted and placed on the list of boundary umpires for that season.
He made his debut in the first round officiating at the Richmond versus North Melbourne match earning Heritage Number 152. In two seasons Beckwith officiated in 22 VFL and 4 country matches. His last match was the 1929 Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="21532912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532912" title="Giorgadze">
Giorgadze

Giorgadze () is a Georgian surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21532922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532922" title="Akira Yanabu">
Akira Yanabu


</doc>
<doc id="21532929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532929" title="Anhui Polytechnic University">
Anhui Polytechnic University

Anhui Polytechnic University (AUTS, ) is a comprehensive public university based in Wuhu prefecture level city, Anhui province, China. The university provides programmes in the fields of science and technology, engineering, management and economics. 
History.
The university was founded 1935 as the Spanish Catholic private vocational school. It later became the Wuhu Electrical Machinery School. In 1972, it came under the jurisdiction of the Chinese Ministry of Industry and it was renamed to Wuhu Mechanical School. In 1977, it became the Hefei Industrial University and began offering full-time undergraduate programmes. In 1978 the state council accredited the university to grant full-time undergraduate tertiary education programmes and it changed its name to Anhui Mechanical University. In 2001, the university was renamed as Anhui University of Technology and Science. 

</doc>
<doc id="21532934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532934" title="Anton Vandieken">
Anton Vandieken

Anton Vandieken (4 July 1909 — 29 October 2005) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Anton Vandieken was born on the 4 July 1909.
During World War II he volunteered to join the Waffen SS in January 1940. He was posted to the SS Cavalry Brigade and eventually took over command of the 6th Squadron, SS Cavalry Regiment 15.
He was awarded the German Cross in Gold in September 1943, while serving with the 8th SS Cavalry Division "Florian Geyer". He was posted to the 52nd SS Cavalry Regiment, 22nd SS Volunteer Cavalry Division Maria Theresia and awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1944.
Anton Vandieken survived the war and died on the 29 October 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21533018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533018" title="Psychedelic Jungle">
Psychedelic Jungle

Psychedelic Jungle is the second LP by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released on IRS Records. It was engineered by Paul McKenna and recorded at in January 1981 at A&M Studios. It was self-produced by The Cramps. The back photo on the cover of the album was taken by noted photographer and director Anton Corbijn.

</doc>
<doc id="21533029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533029" title="A Man There Was">
A Man There Was

A Man There Was () is a 1917 Swedish drama directed by Victor Sjöström, based on a poem of the same title by Henrik Ibsen. At a cost of 60,000 SEK it was the by then most expensive Swedish film ever made, marking a new direction in Swedish cinema with more funding to fewer films, resulting in more total quality.
This film is considered to be the start of the golden age of Swedish silent film that would end after "Gösta Berlings saga" in 1925, although films such as "Ingeborg Holm" from as early as 1913 are often assigned to this era as well.
Plot.
Terje Vigen lived happily with his wife and little girl on a small island in Norway. In 1809, because of the English blockade, poor people started starving and he decided to row to Denmark to bring food to his family. On the way back, he was captured by a ruthless English captain and sent to jail in England. When he was finally freed in 1814 and could return home, he found that his wife and daughter had died. He took up a solitary life in his house overlooking the sea. One night he saw a British yacht in distress in a storm. He rushed to her help and discovered that the skipper was the same man that had took him prisoner and broken his life many years before. He faced a tragic dilemna: Would he take revenge on this man, his wife and daughter or would he save them? 

</doc>
<doc id="21533030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533030" title="Pasting lemma">
Pasting lemma

In topology, the pasting lemma is an important result which says that two continuous functions can be "glued together" to create another continuous function. The lemma is implicit in the use of piecewise functions. It is also called the "gluing rule". for example in the book "Topology and Groupoids", where the more general condition for the statement below is that formula_1 and formula_2. 
The pasting (or gluing) lemma is crucial to the construction of the fundamental group or fundamental groupoid of a topological space; it allows one to concatenate continuous paths to create a new continuous path.
Formal statement.
Let formula_3 be both closed (or both open) subsets of a topological space "A" such that formula_4, and let "B" also be a topological space. If formula_5 is continuous when restricted to both "X" and "Y", then "f" is continuous.
This result allows one to take two continuous functions defined on closed (or open) subsets of a topological space and create a new one.
Proof: if "U" is a closed subset of "B", then formula_6 and formula_7 are both closed since the intersection of two closed sets is closed, and "f" restricted to both "X" and "Y" is continuous. Therefore, their union, formula_8 is also closed. A similar argument applies when "X" and "Y" are both open. formula_9
The infinite analog of this result (where formula_10)is not true for closed formula_11. It is, however, true if the formula_11 are open; this follows from the fact that an arbitrary union of open sets is open.

</doc>
<doc id="21533032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533032" title="Marine Scotland">
Marine Scotland

Marine Scotland is part of the core Scottish Government and was set up to manage Scotland's waters. It was established on April 1, 2009 and is the lead marine management organisation in Scotland and the champion of Scotland's Seas.
Role, staffing and budget.
The body brings together the functions of the Fisheries Research Services, the Scottish Fisheries Protection Agency and the Scottish Government's Marine Directorate and has responsibility for marine science, planning, policy development, management and for monitoring compliance.
Its role is to encourage all concerned with the marine environment to work together towards agreed priorities and outcomes: and to ensure complementary approaches so that the impact of marine management activity across Scotland exceeds the sum of its constituent parts.
While many of its activities are focused on marine issues, it also continues to play an important role in the research and management of freshwater fisheries.
Marine Scotland has around 700 staff: most located in Edinburgh and the Marine Laboratory in Aberdeen, with others based at the Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory in Pitlochry, in the network of offices around Scotland or operating on board its marine vessels. Marine Scotland has a range of skills and professions including scientists, sea fishery officers, policy, administrative and professional/ technical staff.
Marine Scotland's gross budget for 2010/11 is around £79m, including around £11m for industry support measures. A further £6m has been made available to complete a new Fish Veterinary Aquaria (FVA) in Aberdeen. It also has substantial support assets - including 3 ocean-going protection vessels, 2 research vessels, 2 surveillance aircraft and a satellite monitoring system capable of tracking the movement of individual vessels.
Marine Scotland Compliance.
Marine Scotland Compliance (formerly the Scottish Fisheries Protection Agency) exists so as to monitor and enforce marine and fishing laws in Scottish waters. It reports as appropriate to the Scottish prosecuting authorities and provides intelligence on fishing activity in the seas around Scotland. As of 2013, Marine Scotland has a fleet of three Marine Protection Vessels: 
Marine Scotland also has a fleet of two aircraft for monitoring: 
Marine Scotland Science.
Marine Scotland Science (MSS) undertakes research and provides scientific and technical advice to the Scottish Government (and the UK and European Union authorities) on a number of marine and fisheries issues including aquaculture and fish health, freshwater fisheries, sea fisheries and the marine ecosystem in Scotland's seas. MSS operates two research vessels which are fitted with a wide range of deployment and recovery facilities for fishing gear and equipment, scientific and environmental sensors, and data gathering systems: 
MSS also have an additional vessel, the MV "Temora", which is used for sampling as part of the Long Term Climate Change Monitoring Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="21533068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533068" title="Anne Gilchrist">
Anne Gilchrist

Anne Gilchrist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533069" title="Edward Lippincott Tilton">
Edward Lippincott Tilton

Edward Lippincott Tilton (19 October 1861 — January 1933) was an American architect, with a practice in New York City, where he was born. He specialized in the design of libraries, such as the Olean Public Library and Mount Pleasant Library (Washington, D.C.), two of about a hundred libraries, many of them Carnegie libraries, that he designed in the United States and Canada, and structures for educational institutions.
Tilton abandoned a budding career in banking to serve as a draftsman in the offices of McKim, Mead, and White, a traditional apprenticeship for which he prepared with a private tutor in architecture and which prepared him for a course of further study at the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris (1887–1890). Early commissions came through family connections; they included the casino (1891–92) in Belle Haven, an affluent shoreline community of Greenwich, Connecticut, and the Hotel Colorado in the resort of Glenwood Springs, Colorado (1891–93). 
He and the partner that he met in Paris, William A. Boring, won a competition in 1897 to design the first phase of new buildings for the U.S. Immigration Station on Ellis Island in New York Harbor: the Main Building (1897–1900), Kitchen and Laundry Building (1900–01), Main Powerhouse (1900–01), and the Main Hospital Building (1900–01) were all constructed to their designs before the formal partnership was amicably dissolved in 1904. The two architects continued to share an office.
His design for the Carpenter Memorial Library in Manchester, New Hampshire resulted in commissions for at least seven further structures in that city. He also designed the campus of Concordia College, a liberal arts college in Bronxville, New York.
He published his thoughts on library planning and construction, in "Essentials in Library Planning" with A.E. Bostwick and S.H Ranck (1928), and "Library Planning" posthumously published in the "Journal of the Royal Institute of British Architects" (1936).

</doc>
<doc id="21533095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533095" title="Kelly Stefanyshyn">
Kelly Stefanyshyn

Kelly Stefanyshyn (born July 6, 1982 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21533101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533101" title="Maple Mountain (Washington)">
Maple Mountain (Washington)

Maple Mountain is a mountain located in Okanogan County in the U.S. state of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="21533115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533115" title="Pool Group">
Pool Group

The Pool Group were a trio of interwar period artists, filmmakers and poets consisting of Hilda Doolittle, Kenneth Macpherson and Bryher (Annie Winifred Ellerman). Their work has been studied by poetry and film historians as well as by scholars of mysticism, feminism, psychoanalysis and LGBT history. They are perhaps best known for creating what is their only surviving film, the silent avant garde classic from 1930, Borderline featuring the African American activist and entertainer Paul Robeson in the lead role. They also published a progressive and opinionated film journal called, "Close Up". The Pool Group were virtually forgotten for more than half a century after they broke up in the mid-1930s until the early 1980s when they were rediscovered by historians of 20th century arts and cinema
Members and formation.
The Pool Group was launched in 1927, from Riant Chateau, Territet, Switzerland and consisted of Bryher, Kenneth Macpherson and Hilda Doolittle (better known by her initials, H.D.). Macpherson designed the Pool Group’s logo, which served as the cover of its catalog, showing concentric ripples in water.
Bryher.
Bryher's father was the shipowner and financier John Ellerman, who left her a very large inheritance which would eventually go towards funding many of Pool's projects. Bryher knew from an early age that she was lesbian. In 1918 she met and became involved in a lesbian relationship with Doolittle who was a poet. During the 1920s, Bryher was an unconventional figure in Paris. Among her circle of friends were Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce, Gertrude Stein, Sylvia Beach and Berenice Abbott. Her wealth enabled her to give financial support to struggling writers, including Joyce and Edith Sitwell. She also helped with finance for the Paris bookshop Shakespeare and Company (started by Sylvia Beach) and certain publishing ventures. She also helped provide funds to purchase a flat in Paris for struggling artist Baroness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven.
H.D..
H.D. (1886–1961) was born Hilda Doolittle in Pennsylvania, the daughter of a professor of astronomy and a musically-inclined mother. While still a school-girl she met Ezra Pound, who encouraged her writing and, in 1913, proposed that she adopt the pseudonym H.D. as a pseudonym under which to publish her first poems in Poetry Magazine. At the same time as the problematic relationship with Pound (they were twice engaged) H.D. was carrying on a love affair with a Pennsylvania woman art student, Frances Josepha Gregg. In 1919 H.D. had a daughter, Perdita, by the Scottish composer and music critic Cecil Gray (1895–1951). It was while she was pregnant that she formed an alliance with Bryher which was to last until H.D.’s death in 1961.
The relationship was an open one, with both taking other partners. In 1921 Bryher entered into a marriage of convenience with the American author Robert McAlmon, whom she divorced in 1927. In 1928, H.D. became pregnant to Kenneth Macpherson, but the pregnancy was terminated later the same year. The complexities of H.D.'s relationships led her to consult the pioneer sexologist Havelock Ellis and to develop a deep interest in psychoanalysis: in the 1930s, she was to be analyzed by Freud, and her interest deeply marked her poems and other writings.
Kenneth Macpherson.
In 1927, Bryher married Kenneth Macpherson, a writer who shared her interest in film and who was at the same time H.D.'s lover. Macpherson, was a young Scottish painter with a passion for film. H.D. seems to have fallen in love with him though Macpherson was evidently exclusively homosexual. In Burier, Switzerland, overlooking Lake Geneva, the couple, along with Doolittle, built a Bauhaus-style structure that doubled as a home and film studio, which they named Kenwin. Bryher and Macpherson also formally adopted H.D.'s young daughter, Perdita, whose name they officially registered as Frances Perdita Macpherson.
Close Up.
Close Up was the Pool Group's main literary output, in the form of a monthly journal. The first issue of Close Up appeared in July 1927, with Macpherson as editor, Bryher as assistant editor, and H.D. and Oswell Blakeston as regular contributors.
The first issue announced that next month’s contributors would be Osbert Sitwell, Havelock Ellis, André Gide, Dorothy Richardson and Doolittle. As symbol of the group’s aims, this was explained in their 1929 catalog of publications:
". . . The expanding ripples from a stone dropped in a pool have become more a symbol for the growth of an idea than a simple matter of hydraulics.. .As the stone will cause a spread of ripples to the water's edge, so ideas once started will go to their unknown boundary.
. . . These concentric expansions are exemplified in POOL, which is the source simply - the stone - the idea. POOL is seeking to express new trends and new will. Not, as we have said before, to grind any axe, but to make a centre for new ideas and modern thought."
Publications.
Other publications included books on film to novels and a German-teaching text by Bryher and Trude Weiss called “The Light-hearted Student”, exemplifying Bryher’s idiosyncratic teaching methods. The Pool-books were: Kenneth MacPherson, "Pool Reflection" (spring 1927); F. L. Black, the pseudonym of Bryher's younger brother John Ellerman Jr.: "Why Do They Like It?", with a foreword by Dorothy Richardson (spring 1927), on British public schools; Bryher: "Civilians" (fall 1927), on World War I; MacPherson's novel "Gaunt Island" (fall 1927); Oswell Blakeston: "Through a Yellow Glass" (1928), a "complete guide to the cinema Studio"; Eric Elliot: "Anatomy of a Motion Picture Art" (1929), history of cinematography; Bryher: "Film Problems of Soviet Russia"; Oswald Blakestone's novel: "Extra Passenger" (1930); Hanns Sachs: "Does Capital Punishment Exist?" (a pamphlet). Bryher's analyst from 1928 to 1932, Hanns Sachs (1881–1947) was one of the seven members of Freud's inner circle.
Oswell Blakeston.
Most of the books were by the members of the group which had been expanded by the addition of Oswell Blakeston (né Henry Joseph Hasslacher, 1907–1985) who had started his working life in the cutting rooms at Gaumont British. A contemporary of David Lean, at around 20, Blakeston became a protégé of Macpherson and went on to a long career as writer and critic.
POOL film-making.
Pool heartily approved much avant-garde work, and had an early enthusiasm for independent and private film-making. Their principal loyalties however were to German cinema, and particularly G.W. Pabst, and to Soviet cinema, outstandingly Eisenstein. At the same time, while dismissing the greater part of British and American film-making as "trash" they also recognized Hollywood’s capacity for better things, and hailed as masterpieces films like Greed and The Big Parade. The only extant film still available is Borderline(1930); only fragments survive of Wing Beat (1927) and Foothills (1929). (H.D. was in all three, and Bryher was in Borderline.) 16mm fragments of Wing Beat, Foothills, and "Macpherson material," and the complete film, Borderline, can be viewed at the Museum of Modern Art Film Study Center in New York City.
Opinions on contemporary cinema.
Kenneth Macpherson wrote of his views on world cinema in an editorial from the first issue of Close Up that encompassed many of the Pool Group's views,
"But it was only a glimpse here and there. The Germanic thing was getting across though, curious details, watchfulness, harking on claustrophobia. We filed Germany for future reference and peeped at Vienna. Here again was tripe. Hollywood was better. Italy a shade worse. France tied up in knots on problems of continuity. While England trundled deplorably in wake, the only thing that could be said for it that it didn't seem to mind being a laughing stock. Then we began to hear from Russia. We had got very sick of Russian novels and Russian plays, and in spite of a recrudescence of Russian influence in art and decoration, there was prejudice. But Potemkin and Aelita put an end to that. Russia was getting its finger on something...Cinematography has stuck itself in front of the artist, and the artist wants to work his medium straight. His conflict is with the business manager. He also wants HIS medium straight. The thing one sees in consequence is compromise, and the beginning of a problem. As usual there are ways and means, which we will talk about later. I want first of all to cavil a bit in a general way and work in a bit of analysis and criticism."
Borderline.
The film Borderline centers on an interracial love triangle. The main narrative is concerned with racism and is illustrated without any attempt to take a moral standpoint. The film concentrated on the inner psychology of the characters, using a form of montage which had the effect of superimposition. Where the film was not banned by censorship authorities it was unenthusiastically received by the critics, and disappeared for many years. A pristine print exists however in the Swiss Film Archive, which has recently issued it in DVD form, together with Véronique Goel’s documentary Kenwin, about the house which Bryher and Macpherson built at La Tour-de-Peilz.
As well as acting in this film, H.D. with Kenneth Macpherson, wrote an explanatory pamphlet to accompany it and to distribute to the audience, a piece later published in "Close Up".Paul Robeson is the only professional actor in the film and his desire to connect to a like-minded set of individuals in Europe allegedly led him to play the role of Pete for no fee.
Borderline plot and analysis.
The story revolves around a guesthouse run by a set of liberal, hedonistic young people sympathetic to the emerging black American culture. In what would have been completely frowned upon at the time, the manageress played by Bryher has given a room to Pete (Paul Robeson) and his light-skinned black wife Adah, played by Robeson’s real wife at the time Eslanda Robeson. Adah though is having an affair with a white man Thorne (Gavin Arthur), who is also involved with Astrid (played by the poet Hilda Doolittle aka HD). When Adah leaves Thorne to be with her husband Pete, Thorne is distraught and race becomes an issue.
Increasingly Pete becomes the scapegoat for the heartache and conflict that follows between Thorne and Adah. When Thorne “accidentally” murders Astrid, the “liberal” Guest House is forced by the authorities to kick Pete out: “That’s what we’re like,” admits the sympathetic Manageress resignedly. To an extent, Robeson’s character could be seen as reductionist in terms of identity as he tends to be photographed in natural surroundings: sometimes with clouds and the sea as backdrops – the location set in a Swiss Alps border town is important in this respect. Likewise Pete’s behavior is stoical even in the most threatening situations. Yet on the other hand this portrays the reality of culture in this period, and besides Pete also is the character that comes out of the situation with the most dignity even when he is asked to leave town.
Disbandment of POOL and legacy.
Close Up ceased publication in 1933, and Macpherson departed from the group. In the United States during the 1940s, he lived with Peggy Guggenheim, and produced Hans Richter's "Dreams That Money Can Buy" (1944). During the Second World War, Bryher devoted her money and energies to helping refugees from Nazi Germany, and Kenwin became an important staging post on the flight.
During the 1950s, H.D. wrote a considerable amount of poetry, most notably Helen in Egypt (written between 1952–54), a feminist deconstruction of epic poetry which uses Euripides's play Helen as a starting point for a reinterpretation of the basis of the Trojan War and, by extension, of war itself. Bryher’s friendship with H.D. lasted to the end of their lives. H.D. spent her last years of failing health in a Swiss clinic. She died on September 27, 1961, in Zürich. Her daughter Perdita moved to the United States where she raised a family, all of whom became writers. Perdita died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21533125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533125" title="Anhui Jianzhu University">
Anhui Jianzhu University

Anhui Jianzhu University () is a public university based in Hefei, Anhui province in China.
History.
Anhui Jianzhu University was established in 1958. In 1960, the university was turned into a normal college. In 1961 because of the cyclical nature of the Chinese economy, it began enrolling new students. In 1977, it was renamed Hefei University of Technology and the university began to offer undergraduate courses in Architecture once more. In 1986, the State Council granted approval for the university to be restructured as Anhui University of Architecture. In 1998 the university was accredited the national undergraduate teaching assessment. In 2007, the university was accredited with the national undergraduate teaching excellence assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="21533132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533132" title="Craig Hutchison (swimmer)">
Craig Hutchison (swimmer)

Craig Hutchison (born May 26, 1975 in Montréal, Québec) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. His best result was finishing in sixth place in the men's 4x100m medley relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="21533149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533149" title="Landor River">
Landor River

The Landor River is a river in the Gascoyne of Western Australia.
The headwaters of the Landor rise north of Mount Erong The river flows north until it merges with the Gascoyne River of which it is a tributary. The junction of the two rivers is close to the Landor Station homestead.
The first European to discover the river was the surveyor, Henry Carey in 1882. It is thought that he named the river after a prominent Perth barrister, EW Landor.
The Landor has two tributaries; Flinerty Creek and Fleury Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="21533161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533161" title="Carl Rudolf, Duke of Württemberg-Neuenstadt">
Carl Rudolf, Duke of Württemberg-Neuenstadt

Carl Rudolf (Neuenstadt am Kocher, 29 May 1667 – Neuenstadt am Kocher, 17 November 1742) was third and last Duke of Württemberg-Neuenstadt, army commander in Danish service and Field Marshal of the Holy Roman Empire.
Life.
Carl Rudolf was the youngest son of Frederick, who had founded the Württemberg-Neuenstadt branch in 1649, and his wife Clara Augusta von Braunschweig. The young Duke studied in Tübingen and Strassburg. His Grand Tour brought him to Geneva, the south of France, the court of Louis XIV, London and northern Germany.
Military career.
Already in 1687 he raised a Württemberger Regiment, to support the Republic of Venice in their war against the Ottoman Empire in Greece. Carl Rudolf personally led a company of 150 men and fought during two years in Morea and Negroponte, until he was shot in the chest during the Siege of Negroponte. He survived, but the bullet remained in his lungs for the rest of life.
When Carl Rudolf returned to Württemberg in the beginning of 1690, the War of the Grand Alliance had already started. Carl Rudolf entered in Danish service and went to Ireland to support the Protestant William of Orange against the deposed Catholic King James II of England. The commander of the Danish troops was Carl Rudolf's elder brother Ferdinand Wilhelm. Both brothers fought in the victorious Battle of the Boyne.
In 1692 both brothers fought the French in Flanders and participated in the battles of Steenkerke and Neerwinden. When the war ended in 1697, the Danish King sent them to present-day Ukraine, where they supported the Polish-Saxon troops in the Polish–Ottoman War (1683-1699) against the Turks. In 1700 they fought in the Great Northern War against Sweden, but Denmark was forced to retreat from the war in the same year.
One year later the War of Spanish Succession broke out, where France was opposed by a British-Dutch-Habsburg coalition. Denmark supported the coalition and Carl Rudolf was sent at the head of an army of 12,000 men to the Netherlands. For his actions in 1702, he was awarded the highest Danish award, the Order of the Elephant. In 1704 he led the Danish troops in the Battle of Blenheim. In the Battle of Ramillies (1706) and Malplaquet (1709) he distinguished himself and played an important part in both victories.<br>
By the end of the war, he was in command of the entire Danish Army.
In the meanwhile, Denmark had reentered the Great Northern War and Carl Rudolf was ordered to take Stralsund from the Swedish, which he accomplished in 1715 after a long siege.
Ruler in Neuenstadt.
In 1716 Carl Rudolf's eldest brother Frederick August died. He had ruled Neuenstadt since 1682. Because Frederick August had left no male successors, and the second brother Ferdinand Wilhelm had died in 1701, the Duchy passed to Carl Rudolf. After 25 years in service, he left the Danish army and returned home.
In 1734 he was recalled once more as Generalfeldmarschall of the Holy Roman Empire to defend the Upper Rhine against the French in the War of Polish Succession.
In 1737, the Duke of the main line of the house of Württemberg, Carl Alexander, died unexpectedly in Stuttgart. His son Carl Eugen was only 9 years old, and Carl Rudolf was appointed Regent. Carl Alexander had left the Duchy in a disastrous financial state and was hated by the population. To prevent an uprising, Carl Rudolf accused the Jewish Finance-minister, Joseph Süß Oppenheimer, and had him executed. Shortly after, Carl Rudolf passed on the Regency to Carl Friedrich of Württemberg-Oels, for health reasons.
Carl Rudolf died of catarrh in November 1742, and was buried in the Nikolauskirche in Neuenstadt am Kocher.
Carl Rudolf never married, but lived together with Marie Therese de La Country. They had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="21533163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533163" title="Inhibitor of apoptosis domain">
Inhibitor of apoptosis domain

The inhibitor of apoptosis domain -- also known as IAP repeat, Baculovirus Inhibitor of apoptosis protein Repeat, or BIR -- is a structural motif found in proteins with roles in apoptosis, cytokine production, and chromosome segregation. Proteins containing BIR are known as inhibitor of apoptosis proteins (IAPs), or BIR-containing proteins (BIRPs or BIRCs), and include BIRC1 (NAIP), BIRC2 (cIAP1), BIRC3 (cIAP2), BIRC4 (xIAP), BIRC5 (survivin) and BIRC6.
BIR domains belong to the zinc-finger domain family and characteristically have a number of invariant amino acid residues, including 3 conserved cysteines and one conserved histidine, which coordinate a zinc ion. They are typically composed of 4-5 alpha helices and a three-stranded beta sheet.

</doc>
<doc id="21533167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533167" title="Textile manufacturing by pre-industrial methods">
Textile manufacturing by pre-industrial methods

Textile manufacturing is one of the oldest human activities. The oldest known textiles date back to about 5000 B.C. In order to make textiles, the first requirement is a source of fibre from which a yarn can be made, primarily by spinning. The yarn is processed by knitting or weaving to create cloth. The machine used for weaving is the loom. Cloth is finished by what are described as wet processes to become fabric. The fabric may be dyed, printed or decorated by embroidering with coloured yarns.
The three main types of fibres are natural vegetable fibres, animal protein fibres and artificial fibres. Natural vegetable fibres include cotton, linen, jute and hemp. Animal protein fibres include wool and silk. Man-made fibres (made by industrial processes) including nylon, polyester will be used in some hobbies and hand crafts and in the developed world.
Almost all commercial textiles are produced by industrial methods. Textiles are still produced by pre-industrial processes in village communities in Asia, Africa and South America. Creating textiles using traditional manual techniques is an artisan craft practised as a hobby in Europe and North America.
Yarn formation.
Vegetable fibres.
Flax.
The preparations for spinning is similar across most plant fibres, including Flax and Hemp. Flax is the fibre used to create linen. Cotton is handled differently since it uses the fruit of the plant and not the stem.
Flax is pulled out of the ground about a month after the initial blooming when the lower part of the plant begins to turn yellow, and when the most forward of the seeds are found in a soft state. It is pulled in handfuls and several handfuls are tied together with slip knot into a 'beet'. The string is tightened as the stalks dry. The seed heads are removed and the seeds collected, by threshing and winnowing.
Retting is the process of rotting away the inner stalk, leaving the outer fibres intact. A standing pool of warm water is needed, into which the beets are submerged. An acid is produced when retting, and it would corrode a metal container.
At , the retting process takes 4 or 5 days, it takes longer when colder. When the retting is complete the bundles feel soft and slimy, The process can be overdone, and the fibres rot too.
Dressing is removing the fibres from the straw and cleaning it enough to be spun. The flax is broken, scutched and hackled in this step.
Flax can either be spun from a distaff, or from the spinner's lap. Spinners keep their fingers wet when spinning, to prevent forming fuzzy thread. Usually singles are spun with an "S" twist. After flax is spun it is washed in a pot of boiling water for a couple of hours to set the twist and reduce fuzziness.
Many handspinners, will buy a roving of flax. This roving is spun in the same manner as above. The rovings may come with very long fibres (4 to 8 inches), or much shorter fibres (2 to 3 inches).
Cotton.
Cotton is a soft, fluffy staple fibre that grows in a boll, or protective capsule, around the seeds of cotton plants of the genus "Gossypium". The fibre is almost pure cellulose. 
The plant is a shrub native to tropical and subtropical regions around the world, including the Americas, Africa, and India. The greatest diversity of wild cotton species is found in Mexico, followed by Australia and Africa. Cotton was independently domesticated in the Old and New Worlds. The most favoured cottons are the ones with the longest staple as they can be spun into the finest thread. Sea Island and Egyptian are two of these. Surat an Indian species has a short staple. Hand operated methods of processing remained the preferred way of spinning and weaving the very finest threads and fabrics into the third quarter of the nineteenth century.
Yucca.
Yucca fibres were at one time widely used throughout Central America for many things. Currently they are mainly used to make twine.Yucca leaves are harvested and then cut to a standard size. The leaves are crushed in between two large rollers producing the fibres which are bundled up and dried in the sun over trellises. The dried fibres are combined into rolags. At this point it is ready to spin. The waste, a pulpy liquid that stinks, can be used as a fertilizer.
Animal protein fibres.
Wool.
Wool is a protein based fibre, being the coat of a sheep. The wool is removed by shearing.
Shearing can be done with use of hand-shears or powered shears. Professional sheep shearers can shear a sheep in under a minute, without nicking the sheep.
The fleece is removed in one piece. Second cuts can be made but produce only short fibres, which are more difficult to spin.
Primitive breeds, like the Scottish Soay sheep have to be plucked, not sheared, as the kemps are still longer than the soft fleece, (a process called rooing).
Skirting is disposing of all wool that is unsuitable for spinning. Recovering can be attempted. It can also be done at the same time as carding.
The wool is cleaned. At this point the fleece is full of lanolin and often contains extraneous vegetable matter, such as sticks, twigs, burrs and straw. These may all be removed, though lanolin may be left in the wool till after the spinning, a technique known as spinning 'in the grease'. Indeed if the fabric is to be water repellent, lanolin is not removed at any stage.
Washing the wool at this stage can be a tedious process. Some people wash it a small handful at a time very carefully, and then set it out to dry on a table in the sun. Others will wash the whole fleece. Lanolin is removed by soaking the fleece in very hot water. If the fleece gets agitated, it will become felt, and then spinning is impossible. Felting, when done on purpose (with needles, chemicals, or simply rubbing the fibres against each other), can be used to create garments.
It is possible to spin directly from a clean fleece, but it is much easier to spin a carded fleece. Carding by hand yields a rolag, a loose woollen roll of fibres. Using a drum carder yields a bat, which is a mat of fibres in a flat, rectangular shape. Carding mills return the fleece in a roving, which is a stretched bat; it is very long and often the thickness of a wrist.A pencil roving is a roving thinned to the width of a pencil. It can used for knitting without any spinning, or for apprentices.
Combing is another method to align the fibres parallel to the yarn, and thus is good for spinning a worsted yarn, whereas the rolag from handcards produces a woolen yarn.
Hand spinning can be done by using a spindle or the spinning wheel. Spinning turns the carded wool fibres into yarn which can then be directly woven, knitted (flat or circular), crocheted, or by other means turned into fabric or a garment.
The spinning wheel collects the yarn on a bobbin.
A woollen yarn is lightly spun so it is airey, and is a good insulator and suitable for knitting, while a worsted yarn is spun tight to exclude air, and has greater strength and is suited to weaving..
Once the bobbin is full, the hobby spinner either puts on a new bobbin, or forms a skein, or balls the yarn. A skein is a coil of yarn twisted into a loose knot. Yarn is skeined using a niddy-noddy or other type of skein -winder. Yarn is rarely balled directly after spinning, it will be stored in skein form, and transferred to a ball only if needed. Knitting from a skein, is difficult as the yarn forms knots, in this case it is best to ball. Yarn to be plied is left on the bobbin.
A skein is either formed by the hobby spinner, on a niddy noddy or some other type of skein winder. Traditionally niddy-noddys looked like an uppercase "i", with the bottom half rotated 90 degrees. Hobby spinning wheel manufactures also make niddy-noddys that attach onto the spinning wheel for faster skein winding.
Plying yarn is when one takes a strand of spun yarn (one strand is often called a single) and spins it together with other strands in order to make a thicker yarn.
Regular plying consists of taking two or more singles and twisting them together, the against their twist. This can be done on a spinning wheel or on a spindle. If the yarn was spun clockwise (which is called a "Z" twist ), to ply, the wheel must spin counter-clockwise (an "S" twist). This is the most common way. When plying from bobbins a device called a lazy kate is often used to hold them.
Most hobby spinners (who use spinning wheels) ply from bobbins. This is easier than plying from balls because there is less chance for the yarn to become tangled and knotted if it is simply unwound from the bobbins. So that the bobbins can unwind freely, they are put in a device called a lazy kate, or sometimes simply "kate". The simplest lazy kate consists of wooden bars with a metal rod running between them. Most hold between three and four bobbins. The bobbin sits on the metal rod. Other lazy kates are built with devices that create an adjustable amount of tension, so that if the yarn is jerked, a whole bunch of yarn is not wound off, then wound up again in the opposite direction. Some spinning wheels come with a built in lazy kate.
Navajo plying consists of making large loops, similar to crocheting.A loop about 8 inches long is made on the leader the end on the leader. (A leader is the string left on the bobbin to spin off.) The three strands together are spun in the opposite direction. When a third of the loop remains, a new loop is created and the spinning continues. The process is repeated until the yarn is all plied. The advantage of this method is that only one single is needed and if the single is already dyed this technique allows it to be plied without ruining the color scheme. This technique also allows the spinner to try to match up thick and thin spots in the yarn, thus making for a smoother end product.
If the lanolin is unwanted, and has not already been washed out, this is done now. The skein is tied in six points and steeped overnight in detergent, it is rinsed and air-dried, and re-skeined.
unless the lanolin is to be left in the cloth as a water repellent. When washing a skein it works well to let the wool soak in soapy water overnight, and rinse the soap out in the morning. Dishwashing detergents are commonly used, and a special laundry detergent designed for washing wool is not required. The dishwashing detergent works and does not harm the wool. After washing, let the wool dry (air drying works best). Once it is dry, or just a bit damp, one can stretch it out a bit on a niddy-noddy. Putting the wool back on the niddy-noddy makes for a nicer looking finished skein. Before taking a skein and washing it, the skein must be tied up loosely in about six places. If the skein is not tied up, it will be very hard to unravel when done washing.
Silk.
Silk fabric was first developed in ancient China, with some of the earliest examples found as early as 3500 BC. 
Silk moths lay eggs on specially prepared paper. The eggs hatch and the caterpillars (silkworms) are fed on fresh mulberry leaves. After about 35 days and 4 moltings, the caterpillars are 10,000 times heavier than when hatched and are ready to begin spinning a cocoon. A straw frame is placed over the tray of caterpillars, and each caterpillar begins spinning a cocoon by moving its head in a pattern. Two glands produce liquid silk and force it through openings in the head called spinnerets. Liquid silk is coated in sericin, a water-soluble protective gum, and solidifies on contact with the air. Within 2–3 days, the caterpillar spins about 1 mile of filament and is completely encased in a cocoon. 
The silk farmers then kill most caterpillars by heat, leaving some to metamorphose into moths to breed the next generation of caterpillars. Harvested cocoons are then soaked in boiling water to soften the sericin holding the silk fibres together in a cocoon shape. 
The fibres are then unwound to produce a continuous thread. Since a single thread is too fine and fragile for commercial use, anywhere from three to ten strands are spun together to form a single thread of silk. 
Colloquially silk throwing can be used to refer to the whole process: reeling, throwing and doubling, and silk throwsters would speak of throwing as twisting or spinning. 
Silk throwing was originally a hand process relying on a turning a wheel (the gate) that twisted four threads while a helper who would be a child, ran the length of a shade, hooked the threads on stationary pins (the cross)and ran back to start the process again. The shade would be a between 23 and 32m long. The process was described in detail to Lord Shaftesbury's Royal Commission of Inquiry into the Employment of Children in 1841:
For twisting it is necessary to have what are designated shades which are buildings of at least 30 or 35 yards in length, ... the upper storey is generally occupied by children, ... or grown women as 'piecers', 'winders' and 'doublers' attending to their reels and bobbins is, driven by the exertions of one man... He (the boy) takes first a rod containing four bobbins of silk from the twister who stands at his gate or wheel, and having fastened the ends, runs to the 'cross' at the extreme end of the room, round which he passes the threads of each bobbin and returns to the 'gate'. He is despatched on a second expedition of the same kind, and returns as before, he then runs up to the cross and detaches the threads and comes to the roller. Supposing the master to make twelve rolls a day, the boy necessarily runs fourteen miles, and this is barefooted.
In 1700, the Italians were the most technologically advanced throwsters in Europe and had developed two machines capable of winding the silk onto bobbins while putting a twist in the thread. They called the throwing machine, a "filatoio", and called the doubler, a "torcitoio". There is an illustration of a circular hand-powered throwing machine drawn in 1487 with 32 spindles. The first evidence of an externally powered filatoio comes from the thirteenth century, and the earliest illustration from around 1500. Filatorios and torcitoios contained parallel circular frames that revolved round each other on a central axis. The speed of the relative rotation determined the twist. Silk would only cooperate in the process if the temperature and humidity were high.
Fabric formation.
Once the fibre has been turned into yarn the process of making cloth is much the same for any type of fibre, be it animal or plant.
Weaving.
The earliest weaving was done without a loom.
Loom.
In general the supporting structure of the loom is called the "frame". It provides the means of fixing the length-wise threads, called the warp, and keeping them under tension. The warp threads are wound on a roller called the "warp beam", and attached to the "cloth beam" which will hold the finished material. Because of the tension the warp threads are under, they need to be strong.
The thread that is woven through the warp is called the weft. The weft is threaded through the warp using a shuttle. The original "hand-loom" was limited in width by the weaver's reach, because of the need to throw the shuttle from hand to hand. The invention of the flying shuttle with its "fly cord" and "picking sticks" enabled the weaver to pass the shuttle from a "box" at either side of the loom with one hand, and across a greater width. The invention of the drop box allowed a weaver to use multiple shuttles to carry different wefts.
Alternating sets of threads are lifted by connecting them with string or wires called heddles to another bar, called the "shaft" (or "heddle bar" or "heald"). Heddles, shafts and the "couper" (lever to lift the assembly) are called the "harness" — the harness provides for mechanical operation using foot- or hand-operated "treadles".
After passing a weft thread through the warp, a reed comb is used to "beat" (compact) the woven weft.
To prepare to weave, the warp must be made. By hand this is done with the help of a warping board. The length the warp is made is about a quarter to half yard more than the amount of cloth needed. Warping boards come in a variety of shapes, from the two nearest door handles to a board with pegs on it, or a device called a warping mill that looks similar to a swift. Warping the loom, mean threading each "end" through an eye in a heddle, and then "sleying it through the reed". The warp is "set" (verb) at X ends per inch. It then has a "sett" (noun) of X ends per inch. The weft is measured in picks per inch.
Knitting.
Handknitting can either be done "flat" or "in the round". Flat knitting is done on a set of single point knitting needles, and the knitter goes back and forth, adding rows. In Circular knitting, or "knitting in the round", the knitter knits around a circle, creating a tube. This can be done with a set of four double pointed needles or a single circular needle.
A knitted object will unravel easily if the top has not been secured. Knitted objects also stretch easily in all directions, whereas woven fabric only stretches on the bias.
Crocheting.
Crocheting differs largely from knitting in that there is only one loop, not the multitude as knitting has. Also, instead of knitting needles, a crochet hook is used.
Lace making.
A lace fabric is lightweight openwork fabric, patterned, with open holes in the work. The holes can be formed via removal of threads or cloth from a previously woven fabric, but more often lace is built up from a single thread and the open spaces are created as part of the lace fabric. Lace may be crocheted, or knitted.
Textile finishing.
Embroidery.
Embroidery – threads which are added to the surface of a finished textile.
Embroidery is the handicraft of decorating fabric or other materials with needle and thread or yarn. Embroidery may also incorporate other materials such as metal strips, pearls, beads, quills, and sequins. Embroidery is most often used on caps, hats, coats, blankets, dress shirts, denim, stockings, and golf shirts. Embroidery is available with a wide variety of thread or yarn color.

</doc>
<doc id="21533170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533170" title="Alkira Secondary College">
Alkira Secondary College

Alkira Secondary College, formerly Casey Central Secondary College, is a private-public partnership (PPP) government secondary school in Cranbourne North, Victoria, Australia. It opened with Year 7 classes in 2009 and, when students reach Year 12 in 2014, is expected to have a student population of 1150.
Location.
Alkira Secondary College is situated on Nurture Avenue, Cranbourne North, in the Eve Estate residential development. It is also not far from Hillsmeade Primary School, where Alkira first was established.
Design and Planning.
The school follows a "private-public partnership", one of only a few in the state. The secondary college will have modern design and architecture in mind, including smaller learning centres within the school. The school's design model is very similar to that of the regeneration of Dandenong High School model. Alkira Secondary College will have an expected enrolment of at least 1150 students when the school is fully grown.
About the School.
The College is divided into "learning communities." The layout of the College is based on contemporary principles in school design. The learning neighbourhoods include open planned classrooms for up to 25 students, work spaces for small groups, for flexible spaces for art and science in junior levels and links to specialist areas for Design and Technology Studies, Health and Physical Education, and the Performing Arts. They feature open, large scale learning areas, interview spaces that substitute as a work space for 3-4 students, links to the outdoors environment and breakout areas for a range of teaching and learning activities.
The College logo captures the colours in the uniform:<br>
The burnt orange/red is matched to the pin stripe in our girls winter uniform; green/khaki in our trousers and cargo pants; blue is the sports uniform; and white is in the shirt/polo shirt.

</doc>
<doc id="21533174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533174" title="Craig Hutchison">
Craig Hutchison

Craig Hutchison is the name of several people:

</doc>
<doc id="21533183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533183" title="Micronesian parliamentary election, 2009">
Micronesian parliamentary election, 2009

Parliamentary elections were held in the Federated States of Micronesia on 3 March 2009. As there were no political parties, all 21 candidates ran as independents. Three were returned unopposed.
Electoral system.
At the time of the election, Congress consisted of 14 members, of which 10 were elected for two-year terms and four elected for four-year terms. The 2009 elections were for the 10 two-year term seats.
Conduct.
The Asia Pacific Democracy Partnership (APDP) was invited to monitor the elections by the Micronesian government. The APDP sent 18 observers, who reported "some irregularities and procedural inconsistencies".
Results.
The results from nine constituencies were certified by the National Election Director on 16 March. A recount was ordered for one seat, with the winner confirmed on 24 March.

</doc>
<doc id="21533188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533188" title="Federalism in Sri Lanka">
Federalism in Sri Lanka

Federalism has long been advocated as a means of resolving the ethnic conflict between the Tamil and Sinhalese people in Sri Lanka. It is usually seen as an alternative to the independent Tamil Eelam that is advocated by many Tamil nationalist groups, most particularly the Tamil Tigers. Federalism is, however, opposed by Sinhalese Buddhist nationalist groups who advocate for a continued unitary state with minimal cultural concessions to the Sri Lankan Tamils. 

</doc>
<doc id="21533192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533192" title="Bhalobasa Bhalobasa">
Bhalobasa Bhalobasa

Bhalobasa Bhalobasa () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533197" title="Salome Ortega">
Salome Ortega

Salomé Ortega Martínez was born in the province of Granada, Spain, in Campo Camara. She and her family moved to Madrid in 1965. Despite her short time living in Granada, the summers she spent there left indelible memories that she recounts in her third book, "La Sabia Insinuacion de las Cosas" and her latest book "Perdi las Estrellas" published by Sial.
She has experience as a journalist for various publications and as a presenter on the radio. Her first published works were poems, like the famous "Los Siete Velos" published in 1987 and which Lauro Olmo said "... these poems are a breeze as stars, a breeze on the verge of shaking." Four years later she published "Granada Abriendose" title that her friend Luis Rosales gave her. Lauro Olmo also said "We are entering into an intimate lyricism ... it's like the verse in a prose expands without limits, a dutiful prose andalusia steady breath poemático ...".
In her third book, published in 1999 "La Sabia Insinuacion de las Cosas" Landero Louis, among other things, said " ... a veritable feast for the senses, Salome knows how to look at things from it rioja rioja untransferable unique ... " Rafael Guillén said, "... manages to convey a great encouragement and an unusually rich poetic imagery ...". Miguel Delibes stated, "... is a work full of expressiveness ...". Salome maintained her line of poetic prose in her fourth book, a novel, "Dejame Ser Tu Derrotada Estrella" which achieves a great balance between narrative and lyric and is accompanied by a CD containing the texts of Salome, the guitarist José Gras, songs from Luis Eduardo Aute and Amancio Prada, in addition to readings by Luis Eduardo Aute, Amancio Prada, Andres Aberasturi, Trecet Ramón, Andrés Sorel, José Carlos Plaza, Lolo Rico the author herself Salome Ortega.
In 2007 she was the winner of the prestigious Encarna Leon International Literature Competition by the city of Melilla for her novel "La Alfombra de la Palmera y la Media Luna" and finalist in the poetry prize of San Fernando de Cádiz. On 8 March 2008 Sial published her novel "La Alfombra de la Palmera y la Media Luna" prefaced by the writer José Antonio Marina and Noé de la Cruz. In November 2008 Sial published "Perdi las Estrellas" which includes two short novels: "Memoria y Olvido" prefaced by the former rector of the Universidad Menendez Pelayo, a professor at the University of Granada and a lecturer and writer, Antonio Sanchez Trigueros, and "Esta Ausencia Tuya" prefaced by the writer Antonio Colinas.
A contributing columnist for the newspaper ABC and other print media, with the Antonio Machado Foundation and Fundación José Hierro. She has presented radio programs, poetry readings and organized symposia, participated in cultural programs on TV while there is still a little room for a culture on television. Her poems have appeared in numerous publications worldwide. She has been tireless in her recitals at the top cultural centers such as the Ateneo de Madrid, Palacio de la Madrasa in Granada, Circulo de Bellas Artes in Madrid, and Clamores in Madrid.
A poetry book "El frio que me vela" with a foreword by the writer and film director Emilio Ruiz Barrachina, and introduction by the poet Manuel Lopez Azorin was published 12 January in Madrid. Also present at the launch of the new book were José Luis García Montero, professor and husband of the great poet and novelist Almudena Grandes, and the actor and poet Pepe Viyuela.

</doc>
<doc id="21533198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533198" title="Nils Henriksson">
Nils Henriksson

Nils Henriksson (or Niels Henrikssøn, circa 1455–1523) was a Norwegian knight, landowner, National Counselor and Lord High Steward of Norway who married Ingerd Ottesdatter ("fru Inger til Austrått").
He was the son of National Counselor "Henrik Jensson" (ca 1415–477) and "Elin Nilsdatter" (or "Nikolasdatter"), and through the marriage with Ingerd he consolidated his possession of the Austrått estates. He was one of Norway's largest landowners, with properties in Bergen, Vardøhus, Hålogaland, Fosen, Frosta, Stjørdal, Sunnmøre, Romsdal, Edøy, Selbu and Herjedalen.
He probably became National Counselor as early as 1483 and held a central role with the Norwegian national government until his death, but apparently had no clear political agenda on his own behalf. The title Lord High Steward of Norway which he held in 1514–1515 was most probably an honorary title that was awarded for the trip during the summer of 1515, when he played a role in the delegation that retrieved Christian II's future wife Isabella of Burgundy (1501–1526).
Prior to his marriage with Ingerd, he had a son Henrik Nielssøn (1500–1567), who was a magistrate and ecclesiastical cannon. Together with Ingerd, Nils had five daughters. The latest members of the family used the name Gyldenløve, based on his arms: a golden lion on a checkered field. It is not known whether Nils himself used this name. He is in modern times sometimes, retroactively, referred to as ‘Nils Henriksson (Gyldenløve)’.

</doc>
<doc id="21533206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533206" title="Antigua and Barbuda general election, 2009">
Antigua and Barbuda general election, 2009

General elections were held in Antigua and Barbuda on 12 March 2009. The result was a victory for the United Progressive Party, which won nine of the seventeen elected seats in the House of Representatives.
Conduct.
Three days before the elections the Chamber of Commerce announced observations of voter registration irregulaties and called for an investigation into the matter. For example, in the Saint Peter constituency, voter registration increased by 41%.
A three-member observation team from Belize, Canada, and Guyana observed the election.
On 31 March 2010, a judge nullified the election of UPP's leader Spencer and two other UPP MPs, calling the UPP's majority into question. The UUP may opt to call an early general election instead of by-elections for the three seats. However, on 24 October 2010 the Court of Appeal of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court overturned the High Court's decision and decided that the three MPs were duly elected.

</doc>
<doc id="21533211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533211" title="Disappearance Diary">
Disappearance Diary

Reception.
About.com's Deb Aoki lists "Disappearance Diary" as the best new one-shot manga of 2008 along with "Solanin".

</doc>
<doc id="21533226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533226" title="Everyman's Encyclopaedia">
Everyman's Encyclopaedia

"Everyman's Encyclopaedia" is an encyclopedia published by Joseph Dent from 1913 as part of the Everyman's Library.
Editions.
In North American it was published as:
A 1986 edition called The New Illustrated Everyman's Encyclopaedia, edited by John Paxton, was published by Octopus Books, ISBN 0-7064-2565-0.

</doc>
<doc id="21533230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533230" title="Marie Catherine Vasa">
Marie Catherine Vasa

Marie Catherine (1670 – after 12 December 1672) was the illegitimate daughter of Polish king John II Casimir of Poland with his mistress and morganatic wife Claudine Françoise Mignot.
On 12 December 1672 her father gave her 15000 livres. When she grew up she went to Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary. She was born and died in France.

</doc>
<doc id="21533239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533239" title="Dustin Hersee">
Dustin Hersee

Dustin Hersee (born August 14, 1975 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from Canada, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There he ended up in 20th place in the men's 200m backstroke event, clocking 2:01.34 in the preliminary heats. He currently works at St. George's Senior School of Vancouver B.C coaching the competitive, learning, and provincial groups there.
Hersee started in 2001 as the Aquatics Director at St. George's School. Hersee competed in the 2000 Sydney Olympics in the 200 metre backstroke and now shares his passion with the Senior Swim team. As Head of Aquatics, Hersee and his coaching staff have led the St. George's Swim team to 12 consecutive Provincial Championships. Hersee is an avid snowboarder, and also coaches the Snowboard team.
Hersee enjoys participating in yoga, surfing, biking, and ocean swimming in his spare time. As a full-time Physical Education teacher, Hersee models an active healthy lifestyle in and outside of the classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="21533254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533254" title="Rabi Kinagi">
Rabi Kinagi

Rabi Kinagi (alternative spellings: Ravi Kinagi, Rabi Kinnagi; ) is a Bengali and Oriya film director, editor and a script-writer.
Plagiarism Controversy.
Ravi Kinagi is a controversial film director in Bengali film industry due to his frame-to-frame copying of several Hindi, Kannada and Tamil movies. Recently in August 2009, his film ""Poran Jay Jolia Re"" was banned by Kolkata High Court for copying Hindi film Namaste London. He also copied Salman Khan starrer film Maine Pyar Kiya to make his Bengali film I Love You.

</doc>
<doc id="21533266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533266" title="Owen Von Richter">
Owen Von Richter

Owen Von Richter (born April 7, 1975 in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired male medley swimmer from Canada, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There he ended up in 25th place in the men's 400m individual medley event, clocking 4:25.70 in the preliminary heats, after having won two bronze medals at the 1999 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21533277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533277" title="Voice of Earth">
Voice of Earth

Voice of Earth is Tibetan singer Alan's debut Japanese-language album released by Avex Trax. The album contains the eight singles alan has released from 2007 to 2009. The album was released on March 4, 2009 in Japan.
Promotion.
"Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)" was used as the theme song for NHK special, "Save the Future", for World Environment Day. Her sixth single "" was used to as the theme song for the movie Red Cliff. An alternate version of the song was used to promote the Japanese re-release of PlayStation 2 game Dynasty Warriors 6. The song "Liberty", is being used as the theme song for Japanese drama, , which aired on Tokai TV. The song "Tsuki ga Watashi" was used in the commercials for the pachinko chain Minho Group. "Gunjō no Tani" is being used as the ending theme song for Japanese information program, , which airs on Yomiuri TV.
If the customer ordered "Voice of Earth" via Tower Records, they would have received a special separate CD that contained a new version of Red Cliff: Shin Sen. This was titled as "Red Cliff: Shin Sen (Modern Rock Version)".

</doc>
<doc id="21533278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533278" title="Manohar">
Manohar

Manohar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533314" title="Stiff Upper Lip Live">
Stiff Upper Lip Live

Stiff Upper Lip Live is a DVD made by Australian hard rock band AC/DC during their Stiff Upper Lip World Tour, which was supporting their album Stiff Upper Lip. It was recorded on 14 June 2001 at the Olympiastadion in Munich, Germany and released to DVD on 4 December 2001 in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="21533317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533317" title="Zygmunt Vogel">
Zygmunt Vogel

Zygmunt Vogel (known as Ptaszek, Polish for "Bird" — "Vogel" is German and Dutch for "Bird"; 1764 – 1826) was a Polish artist who specialized in watercolor and drawing.
Life.
Vogel was born in 1764 in Wołczyn (now Vowchyn, Belarus).
In 1780 he was accepted into the royal painting studio at Warsaw Castle.
From 1787 he traveled the country, executing views of castles, ruins, cities, and residences that possess great documentary value. Part of them were published in aquafortes and aquatints by J.Z. Frey ("Zbiór widoków sławniejszych pamiątek narodowych... w Polsce"— A Collection of Views of More Famous National Monuments... in Poland, 1806).
In 1808–26 Vogel resided in the Krasiński Palace, on Krakowskie Przedmieście just across the street from Warsaw University. (The palace, which now houses the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts, has also been home to composer Frédéric Chopin and poets Zygmunt Krasiński and Cyprian Norwid.)
In 1818 Vogel became a professor in the Warsaw University Department of Fine Arts.
He died in Warsaw in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="21533323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533323" title="Karine Legault">
Karine Legault

Karine Legault (born August 4, 1978 in Saint-Eustache, Quebec) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There she ended up in 16th place in the women's 800m freestyle event, clocking 8:43.56 in the preliminary heats. Her older brother Hugues Legault also competed in swimming, and represented Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21533325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533325" title="Chongqing Qinghua Middle School">
Chongqing Qinghua Middle School

Chongqing Qinghua Middle School (重庆 清华 中学 chóng-qìng qīng-huá zhōng-xué) is located on the south ramp way of Lijiatuo Bridge in Lijiatuo Town, Banan District, Chongqing City, People's Republic of China, beside the Huaxi River. The coordinates are 29°27'30.68" N 106°32'06.72" E.
History.
The school was established in 1938 under the direction of Dong Biwu, a proletariat revolutionary; by the preparations of Tsinghua University schoolfellows who stayed in Chongqing. After the Liberation, it was managed by the government and the name changed to "Ninth Middle School Of Chongqing". In 1982, it became a key secondary school of Sichuan Province. In 1984, the name was changed back to "Chongqing Qinghua Middle School". At the same time, Deng Yingchao inscribed the name of the school. 
In February, 1999, the school was named as the first batch of Key Secondary Schools of Chongqing by the Chongqing Government. 

</doc>
<doc id="21533327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533327" title="Carl Raymond Davis">
Carl Raymond Davis

Flight Lieutenant Carl Raymond Davis DFC (30 July 1911 – 6 September 1940) was a flying ace of the Battle of Britain, having claimed nine enemy aircraft (and one shared) destroyed, four (and one shared) probably destroyed, and four damaged, before he was himself shot down and killed in action.
Davis was one of 11 American pilots who flew with RAF Fighter Command between 10 July and 31 October 1940, thereby qualifying for the Battle of Britain clasp to the 1939–45 campaign star.
Early years.
Born in Krugersdorp, Transvaal in South Africa to American parents, Davis was educated in England at Sherborne School, and Trinity College, Cambridge (Bachelor of Arts) and at McGill University, Montreal (Bachelor of Arts qualifying as a mining engineer). Becoming a British citizen in 1932 His wife was Anne, sister of Sir Archibald Hope of 601 Squadron (Hope was in turn married to Carl's sister Ruth.) Obtaining his mining degree, he then took flying lessons in New Jersey while living with his sister.
Returning to the UK in 1935, Davis then lived in London and joined 601 Squadron, Auxiliary Air Force at Hendon, being commissioned in August 1936.
Second World War.
Davis was called to full-time service on 27 August 1939 and, on 27 November 1939, flew one of the six 601 Squadron Blenheims that attacked the German seaplane base at Borkum. On 11 July 1940, he shot down a Messerschmitt Bf 110, and he added two more Bf 110s on 11 August 1940 and three more Bf 110s on the 13th. 
Death.
Davis downed five more aircraft before being killed in action when a Messerschmitt Bf 109 his shot down his Hawker Hurricane I (P3363) in combat over Tunbridge Wells at 09:30 hrs, 6 September 1940. Davis crashed, inverted, with his aircraft burned out in the back garden of Canterbury Cottage at Matfield, Brenchley, near Tunbridge Wells. He was 29 years old.
Honours and awards.
Auxiliary Air Force:

</doc>
<doc id="21533331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533331" title="Śūraṅgama Samādhi Sūtra">
Śūraṅgama Samādhi Sūtra

The Śūraṅgama Samādhi Sūtra (Sanskrit; ) is an early Mahayana sutra of Indian origin which focuses on the transcendental nature, supernatural powers, and transformational feats bestowed upon the meditation practitioner by the state of meditation called the "Śūraṅgama Samādhi" or the "Samādhi of the Heroic Progression."
History.
The "Śūraṅgama Samādhi Sūtra" was translated from the Sanskrit into Chinese by Kumārajīva probably between 402 and 409 C.E. and was later translated into Tibetan by Sakyaprabha and Ratnaraksita at the beginning of the 9th century.
Contents.
The nature of the Buddha.
Professor Lamotte describes the nature of the Buddha in this sutra as follows:
Powers of the Buddha.
The sutra describes the 100 powers and abilities which the Buddha or 10th-level Bodhisattvas can perform, while operating from within this samādhi state. 
Amongst the wonders which the Buddha can perform whilst in this state of Śūraṅgama Samādhi are:
Knowledge of the Dharmadhatu.
Part of that profound and unfathomable knowledge is that all "dharmas" (things) have their basis in the "dharma-dhatu" - the Totality of all that is, the All. In this sense, there is non-duality that characterises everything, since everything is possessed of the 'one flavour' of the "dharma-dhatu". The Buddha states: 
Attributes of a Buddha.
The Buddha remarks in the "Śūraṅgama Samādhi Sūtra" that any being who cultivates this samadhi will be able to know through "pratyatmajnanam", "through personal experience," through knowing directly within oneself, all the attributes of a buddha. 
Amongst those attributes is sovereignty over all humans and gods. The Buddha states of great bodhisattvas and buddhas who possess this samadhi:
A bodhisattva who is immersed in this samadhi also rises beyond birth and death. The Buddha comments:
Blessings.
Even the writing down, studying and teaching of this Śūraṅgama Samādhi by a master of Dharma will bestow immense blessings, twenty in number. These include:
One of these powers is demonstrated by the future Buddha, Maitreya, who transforms himself into innumerable different types of leading spiritual personages in countless world-systems at the same time.
Commenting on the great qualities of those such as Maitreya who preside over the Śūraṅgama Samādhi, a whole host of great Bodhisattvas declare in the presence of the Buddha:
"Mahāyāna Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra".
This particular samadhi is equally praised in the "Mahāyāna Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra", where the Buddha explains that this samadhi is the essence of the nature of the Buddha, and is indeed the "mother of all Buddhas."
The Buddha also comments that the "Śūraṅgama Samādhi" additionally goes under several other names, specifically:

</doc>
<doc id="21533345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533345" title="Jen Button">
Jen Button

Jennifer "Jen" Button (born October 15, 1977 in Comox, British Columbia) is a retired female butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Her best result was finishing in fifth place in the women's 4x200m freestyle relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="21533359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533359" title="My Oracle Lives Uptown">
My Oracle Lives Uptown

My Oracle Lives Uptown is the tenth album by British electronic musician and record producer, William Orbit. It has been released digitally on 4 May 2009 on Kobalt Digital, as a 12-track limited edition. It was released as a physical CD on 8 June 2009 with 16 tracks. The 16 track version has been released as a Studio Master quality digital download and on deluxe Double 180g vinyl by Linn Records.
Album info.
The album was produced by William Orbit over a period of six years. Many of the tracks on the final CD have been previously available to listen on the artist's website. Contributors to My Oracle Lives Uptown include Laurie Mayer, from Torch Song; "White Night" is a remake, the track having been previously released by Torch Song. "Treetop Club" features drums by Alan Tilston of The Supernaturals.
The song "Purdy" has been used in 2007 for Madonna's H&M clothes design campaign.
A CD single for the track "Optical Illusions" has been released with several remixes and a new mix of the song by William Orbit named "Billy Buttons Mix".
The physical release contains a 20-page booklet with art design conceived by William and Laurie Mayer, and put together by his webmaster Richard Shea. Most of the images are photos taken by William himself or Laurie Mayer.
Album Marketing.
For marketing the new album Orbit has created a blog on his website in which he weekly posts pictures, information and song downloads. He has been using the microblog service Twitter to spread news, opinions and personal pictures as well.
He has been appearing in several British TV and Radio shows to promote the album.
Internet Leak.
In May 2009, a promo version of the album was leaked on the internet. The tracklist for this promo differs from both the digital and CD versions of the final album. The version of "Drift So Far" is slower and more ambient than the website version on the final album. "Optical Illusions (Billy Buttons Version)" on the final album is slightly shorter than the promo version and has been subtly remixed. Unlike the final album, the promo includes "Nimbus", which was later released as a free download from William Orbit's blog.

</doc>
<doc id="21533360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533360" title="Florencio Randazzo">
Florencio Randazzo

Florencio Randazzo (born March 1, 1964) in an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, currently the President's Interior Minister. The Interior Ministry in Argentina serves as the President's chief political office.
Life and times.
Aníbal Florencio Randazzo was born in Chivilcoy, Buenos Aires Province, in 1964, to Gladys Campagnon and Juan "Togo" Randazzo, whose father emigrated from Sicily to Argentina. The elder Randazzo was an active Peronist organizer in Chivilcoy and first involved his son, Florencio, in political activity in 1981, during an economic crisis precipitated by Argentina's dictatorship at the time. Enrolling at the University of Buenos Aires in 1983, he graduated with a degree in accountancy in 1989.
Randazzo was brought on in 1991 as the executive assistant for Fernando Galmarini, the Minister of Government to the new Governor of Buenos Aires, Eduardo Duhalde. He also accepted an "pro bono" position in the Provincial Organ Transplant Fund, a post he retained until 2003. Named the Minister of Government's Chief of Staff in 1992, he was elected Chivilcoy City Council President in 1993, a position he accepted "ad honorem" while retaining a post as Director of the Governor's Rural Development office. Elected to the Buenos Aires Provincial Legislature in 1995, he served in numerous social and economic policy committees and, from 1999, as majority leader before his 2002 appointment as Secretary of Government Modernization by the new Governor, Felipe Solá. Governor Solá named Randazzo Cabinet Chief in 2003, effectively making him his top adviser.
Opposed by many of the Greater Buenos Aires-area Mayors primarily because Solá broke with tradition by naming a Cabinet Chief from outside the metro area (home to two out of three residents in the Province of Buenos Aires), Randazzo largely limited himself to his role as the Governor's political adviser. The Legislature's rejection of Gustavo Lopetegui as President of the Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires (the nation's second-largest) in December 2005 led Randazzo to recommend the relatively young Martín Lousteau to the powerful post, a decision that reaped Solá benefits when Lousteau successfully negotiated a US$65 million debt the institution owed Spain's Banco Santander.
Following outgoing President Néstor Kirchner's decision to transfer the Interior Ministry's traditional aegis over law enforcement to the Justice Ministry (leaving Interior focused on political affairs), newly elected President Cristina Kirchner, on Governor Solá's recommendation, appointed Randazzo Interior Minister upon taking office on December 10, 2007.
Randazzo ordered Society of St. Pius X Bishop Richard Williamson to leave the country within ten days on February 19, 2009, following recent comments the bishop made to Swedish television, espousing Holocaust denial.

</doc>
<doc id="21533368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533368" title="Katzenbuckel">
Katzenbuckel

The Katzenbuckel (626 metres) is an extinct volcano and the highest elevation of the Odenwald. The mountain is located eastwards of Eberbach, near the village of Waldbrunn.

</doc>
<doc id="21533374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533374" title="Jolie Lindholm">
Jolie Lindholm

Jolie Lindholm is a musician from Florida, best known for her providing background vocals on numerous Dashboard Confessional albums as well as the lead vocalist in The Rocking Horse Winner. More recently she served as vocalist for indie music project Popvert and works for a south Florida real estate agency.

</doc>
<doc id="21533375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533375" title="Gemini (constellation)">
Gemini (constellation)

Gemini is one of the constellations of the zodiac. It was one of the 48 constellations described by the 2nd century AD astronomer Ptolemy and it remains one of the 88 modern constellations today. Its name is Latin for "twins," and it is associated with the twins Castor and Pollux in Greek mythology. Its symbol is ().
Location.
Gemini lies between Taurus to the west and Cancer to the east, with Auriga and Lynx to the north and Monoceros and Canis Minor to the south.
The Sun resides in the astrological sign of Gemini from May 21 to June 20 each year. By mid August, Gemini will appear along the eastern horizon in the morning sky prior to sunrise. The best time to observe Gemini at night is overhead during the months of January and February. By April and May, the constellation will be visible soon after sunset in the west.
The easiest way to locate the constellation is to find its two brightest stars Castor and Pollux eastward from the familiar “V” shaped asterism of Taurus and the three stars of Orion’s belt. Another way is to mentally draw a line from the Pleiades star cluster located in Taurus and the brightest star in Leo, Regulus. In doing so, you are drawing an imaginary line that is relatively close to the ecliptic, a line which intersects Gemini roughly at the midpoint of the constellation, just below Castor and Pollux.
Notable features.
Stars.
The constellation contains 85 stars visible to observation on Earth without a telescope. 
The brightest star in Gemini is Pollux, and the second brightest is Castor. Castor's Bayer designation as "Alpha" is attributable to a mistake by Johann Bayer, who gave his eponymous designations in 1603.
α Gem (Castor): the second brightest in the constellation after Pollux. Castor is a sextuple star system 52 light-years from Earth, which appears as a magnitude 1.6 blue-white star to the unaided eye. Two spectroscopic binaries are visible at magnitudes 1.9 and 3.0 with a period of 470 years. A wide-set red dwarf star is also a part of the system; this star is an Algol-type eclipsing binary star with a period of 19.5 hours; its minimum magnitude is 9.8 and its maximum magnitude is 9.3. 
β Gem (Pollux): the brightest star in Gemini, it is an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 1.2, 34 light-years from Earth. Pollux has an extrasolar planet revolving around it, as do two other stars in Gemini, HD 50554, and HD 59686. 
γ Gem (Alhena): a blue-white hued star of magnitude 1.9, 105 light-years from earth. 
δ Gem (Wasat): a long-period binary star 59 light-years from Earth. The primary is a white star of magnitude 3.5, and the secondary is an orange dwarf star of magnitude 8.2. The period is over 1000 years; it is divisible in medium amateur telescopes. 
ε Gem (Mebsuta): a double star, the primary is a yellow supergiant of magnitude 3.1, 900 light-years from Earth. The optical companion, of magnitude 9.2, is visible in binoculars and small telescopes.
ζ Gem (Mekbuda): a double star, the primary is a Cepheid variable star with a period of 10.2 days; its minimum magnitude is 4.2 and its maximum magnitude is 3.6. It is a yellow supergiant, 1200 light-years from Earth, with a radius that is 60 times solar, making it approximately 220,000 times the size of the Sun. The companion, a magnitude 7.6 star, is visible in binoculars and small amateur telescopes. 
η Gem: a binary star with a variable component. 350 light-years away, it has a period of 500 years and is only divisible in large amateur telescopes. The primary is a semi-regular red giant with a period of 233 days; its minimum magnitude is 3.9 and its maximum magnitude is 3.1. The secondary is of magnitude 6.
κ Gem: a binary star 143 light-years from Earth. The primary is a yellow giant of magnitude 3.6; the secondary is of magnitude 8. The two are only divisible in larger amateur instruments because of the discrepancy in brightness. 
ν Gem: a double star divisible in binoculars and small amateur telescopes. The primary is a blue giant of magnitude 4.1, 500 light-years from Earth, and the secondary is of magnitude 8. 
38 Gem: a binary star divisible in small amateur telescopes, 91 light-years from Earth. The primary is a white star of magnitude 4.8 and the secondary is a yellow star of magnitude 7.8.
U Gem: a dwarf nova type cataclysmic variable discovered by J.R. Hind in 1855.
Deep-sky objects.
To look at Gemini is to look away from the Milky Way; as a result, there are comparatively few deep-sky objects of note. The Eskimo Nebula and Medusa Nebula, Messier object M35, and Geminga are those that attract the most attention. The Eskimo and Medusa nebulae are both planetary nebulae, the one approximately 2,870 light years away and the other 1,500 light years distant. M35 is an open star cluster which was discovered in the year 1745 by Swiss astronomer Philippe Loys de Chéseaux. And Geminga is a neutron star approximately 550 light years from Earth. Other objects of note are NGC 2129, NGC 2158, NGC 2266, NGC 2331, NGC 2355, and NGC 2395.
M35 (NGC 2168) is a large, elongated open cluster of magnitude 5; it has an area of approximately 0.2 square degrees, the same size as the full Moon. Its high magnitude means that M35 is visible to the unaided eye under dark skies; under brighter skies it is discernible in binoculars. The 200 stars of M35 are arranged in chains that curve throughout the cluster; it is 2800 light-years from Earth. Another open cluster in Gemini is NGC 2158. Visible in large amateur telescopes and very rich, it is more than 12,000 light-years from Earth.
The Eskimo Nebula or Clown Face Nebula (NGC 2392) is a planetary nebula with an overall magnitude of 9.2, located 4000 light-years from Earth. In a small amateur telescope, its 10th magnitude central star is visible, along with its blue-green elliptical disk. It is named for its resemblance to the head of a person wearing a parka.
Meteor showers.
The Geminids are a prominent, bright meteor shower that peaks on December 13–14. It has a maximum rate of approximately 100 meteors per hour, making it one of the richest meteor showers. The Epsilon Geminids peak between October 18 and October 29 and have only been recently confirmed. They overlap with the Orionids, which make the Epsilon Geminids difficult to detect visually. Epsilon Geminid meteors have a higher velocity than Orionids.
Mythology.
In Babylonian astronomy, the stars Castor and Pollux were known as the Great Twins (MUL.MASH.TAB.BA.GAL.GAL). The Twins were regarded as minor gods and were called Meshlamtaea and Lugalirra, meaning respectively 'The One who has arisen from the Underworld' and the 'Mighty King'. Both names can be understood as titles of Nergal, the major Babylonian god of plague and pestilence, who was king of the Underworld.
In Greek mythology, Gemini was associated with the myth of Castor and Pollux, the children of Leda and Argonauts both. Pollux was the son of Zeus, who seduced Leda, while Castor was the son of Tyndareus, king of Sparta and Leda's husband. Castor and Pollux were also mythologically associated with St. Elmo's fire in their role as the protectors of sailors. When Castor died, because he was mortal, Pollux begged his father Zeus to give Castor immortality, and he did, by uniting them together in the heavens.
Visualizations.
Gemini is dominated by Castor and Pollux, two bright stars that appear relatively very closely together forming an o shape, encouraging the mythological link between the constellation and twinship. The twin above and to the right (as seem from the Northern Hemisphere) is Castor, whose brightest star is α Gem; it is a second magnitude star and represents Castor's head. The twin below and to the left is Pollux, whose brightest star is β Gem (more commonly called Pollux); it is of the first magnitude and represents Pollux's head. Furthermore, the other stars can be visualized as two parallel lines descending from the two main stars, making it look like two figures.
H.A. Rey has suggested an alternative to the traditional visualization that connected the stars of Gemini to show twins holding hands. Pollux's torso is represented by the star υ Gem, Pollux's right hand by ι Gem, Pollux's left hand by κ Gem; all three of these stars are of the fourth magnitude. Pollux's pelvis is represented by the star δ Gem, Pollux's right knee by ζ Gem, Pollux's right foot by γ Gem, Pollux's left knee by λ Gem, and Pollux's left foot by ξ Gem. γ Gem is of the second magnitude, while δ and ξ Gem are of the third magnitude. Castor's torso is represented by the star τ Gem, Castor's left hand by ι Gem (which he shares with Pollux), Castor's right hand by θ Gem; all three of these stars are of the fourth magnitude. Castor's pelvis is represented by the star ε Gem, Castor's left foot by ν Gem, and Castor's right foot by μ Gem and η Gem; ε, μ, and η Gem are of the third magnitude. The brightest star in this constellation is Pollux.
Gemini in the history of astronomy.
In Meteorologica (1 343b30) Aristotle mentions that he observed Jupiter in conjunction with and then occulting a star in Gemini. This is the earliest known observation of this nature. A study published in 1990 suggests the star involved was 1 Geminorum and the event took place on 5 December 337 BC.
When William Herschel discovered Uranus on 13 March 1781 it was located near η Gem. In 1930 Clyde Tombaugh exposed a series of photographic plates centred on δ Gem and discovered Pluto.
Equivalents.
In Chinese astronomy, the stars that correspond to Gemini are located in two areas: the White Tiger of the West (西方白虎, "Xī Fāng Bái Hǔ") and the Vermillion Bird of the South (南方朱雀, "Nán Fāng Zhū Què").
Astrology.
, the Sun appears in the constellation Gemini from June 20 to July 20. In tropical astrology, the Sun is considered to be in the sign Gemini from May 21 to June 22, and in sidereal astrology, from June 16 to July 15.

</doc>
<doc id="21533385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533385" title="Srabanti Chatterjee">
Srabanti Chatterjee

Srabanti Chatterjee (born 13 August 1987) is a Bengali Film actress.
She is commonly known by her first name only, Srabanti (alternately Shrabonti).
Film career.
Srabanti primarily works in Cinema of West Bengal, based in Kolkata. She started her career in 1997 in "Mayar Badhon". Her first major role was in 2003 film "Champion". She married Rajib Biswas, an Assistant Director of Hindi films such as "Yugpurush" (1998) and "Ghulam-E-Mustafa" (1997), after a hiatus of 5 years. Srabanti acted in 2008 film "Bhalobasha Bhalobasha". This was followed by a number of films in the next five years, including several box office hits. In 2013, she acted in Aparna Sen's "Goynar Baksho".

</doc>
<doc id="21533414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533414" title="Arnold Käch">
Arnold Käch

Arnold Käch (born February 4, 1914 – November 24, 1998) was a Swiss military officer, skier, ski official and writer.
Biography.
Käch was born in Berne. His father was the engineer Arnold Otto Käch, and his mother was Berta Käch, née Scholl. He studied jurisprudence at the universities of Lausanne, Bern, Paris, in the United States and in Canada after 1933, and got his license to practice law in 1939. During his years of studies he was leader in the rank of a Leutnant of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1936 which placed seventh. On January 9, 1937 he won the first Citadin race in Mürren From 1939 to 1940 he worked as a lawyer at the Federal Department of Economic Affairs, afterwards as assistant of the Swiss military- and air attaché in Berlin, and after 1943 as military- und air attaché in Stockholm, Oslo and Kopenhagen. Meanwhile he married Louisa Hendrika Jeannette Wagemans in 1941. From July 1,1947 to 1957 he was the first direktor of the Eidgenössische Turn- und Sportschule (ETS) Magglingen as an officer, General Staff, and was engaged in its increasing to today's federal office of sports BASPO. From 1951 to the middle of 1961 he was secretary general of the International Ski Federation. For his publishing work he was awarded with the Sports Award for artists in 1957. From 1957 to 1979 he was director of the Federal Military Administration, was advanced to the rank of Brigadier in 1957, and served additionally as the commander of Border Brigade 11 from 1967 to 1972. 
Käch was a member of the Swiss Olympic Association and of the Commission for Assignments of Tasks between Federation and Cantons. After 1983 he was guest of honor at the yearly international SAS competitions of pentathlon. He died in Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="21533421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533421" title="George Plunkett">
George Plunkett

George Plunkett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533430" title="Godavarthi Sri Ramulu">
Godavarthi Sri Ramulu

Godavarthi Sri Ramulu ((గొడవర్తి శ్రీరాములు) born July 19, 1953) is the President of Achanta Panchayat since 1997. He is currently the leader of the Achanta Panchayat in the Andhra Pradesh state, and the Mandal president of Achanta Telugu Desam Party, one of the MLA constituencies in Andhra Pradesh.
Personal.
Sri Ramulu was born in Achanta ఆచంటMap., a village near Tanuku in the West Godavari district. He earned a Bachelors degree in Commerce from the C R Reddy College, Eluru (Andhra University). His father Godavarthi Rama Rao, a famous person in the Achanta area who also served as Chairperson of Libraries of West Godavari Zilla Parishad and served as president of Achanta Panchayat in multiple terms. 
Political career.
Inspiration from his father, Self Pride of Telugu People, Anti-Corruption, and pro-policies for common man of NTR made him enter into politics. In 1997, Sriramulu was elected the President of Achanta Panchayat in the West Godavari district, on an Telugu Desam Party ticket. Sri Ramulu was very instrumental for gaining victories of TDP MLA candidates during the election years 1999 & 2004, proving that people are having faith in him as Key Leader, Honest & Hardworking Politician in Achanta MLA constituency area. Providing good and honest administration, helping poor people were his ideals during his political life.
Gandharva Mahal.
Gandharva Mahal (Pedda Meda) is the home of Godavarthi Sri Ramulu & famous building of Achanta, known for its Architectural construction and splendid state of art interiors. Built in 1924 by Godavarthi Nageswara Rao (Grand father of Godavarthi Sri Ramulu) who got impressed from various renowned buildings and palaces after traveling around the country. Gandharva Mahal is famous for its paintings (Ravi Varma), beautiful mirrors, famous Piano (won silver award at the British Auction in England) and architecture. Lot of visitors around have a glance when they happen to pass by due to its new look.
Rameswara Swamy Temple.
Mahasivarathri (Night of Siva) is celebrated with grandeur at the Shiva temple in Achanta. The temple is flooded with devotees during the Shivaratri festival to pray to the powerful and holy God. During the festival, people around come and spend time in the mela buying fancy things. A committee of village elders monitor the famous free lunch during the festival time with the help of donations received from various donors. Karthikamasam is the auspicious time and a jyothi is lit throughout till Shivarathri.
Legendary actor NTR's famous movie "Paramanandayya Sishyula Katha" theme of worshipping Lord Shiva (Achanteswarudu-Swayam Bhoo Lingam) is based on the Achanta Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="21533445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533445" title="Jin Kemu">
Jin Kemu

Jin Kemu (; 1912–2000) is a Chinese poet, scholar, translator and essay writer, professor of Beijing University.
In 1935 he started to write poems and novels. In his early years he had different careers as a librarian, newspaper editor and English teacher. In 1941 he went to India, studied ancient Indian literature, Buddhism, philosophy and returned China in 1946. At the time he was one of few scholars in China who knew Sanskrit and Pali language.
In 1946, the Department of Oriental Languages and Literature was established in Beijing University.Jin kemu joined in 1948, he and Ji Xianlin together contributed in developing the Department of Oriental Languages and Literature.
He has translated some ancient India literature and philosophy works into Chinese.
In his old age he continued to write essays which are considered among the finest essays in contemporary China.

</doc>
<doc id="21533454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533454" title="Adolf III of the Marck">
Adolf III of the Marck

Adolph III of the Marck (German: "Adolf III von der Mark") ( – 7 September 1394) was the Bishop of Münster (as Adolph) from 1357 until 1363, the Archbishop of Cologne (as Adolph II) in 1363, the Count of Cleves (as Adolph I) from 1368 until 1394, and the Count of Mark (as Adolph III) from 1391 until 1393.
Adolph was the second son of Count Adolph II of the Marck and Margaret of Cleves.
On 16 November 1357 Pope Innocent VI appointed him the Bishop of Münster. In 1362 he signed a contract with his uncle Bishop Engelbert III of the Marck of Liège whereby he would inherit Cleves in the likely event Count John of Cleves died childless. On 13 June 1363 he was appointed the Archbishop of Cologne against the favourite John of Virneburg, but by the end of the year had resigned from the position to focus on the County of Cleves, despite the fact that his short tenure was scandalous and ridden with controversy.
In 1368 he succeeded his uncle John of Cleves and could maintain his rule there through the support of Liège. In 1369 he married Margaret of Jülich, daughter of Gerhard VI of Jülich, Count of Berg and Ravensberg and had fourteen children, at least five of whom did not survive infancy.
After his brother Engelbert III of the Marck died without heirs in 1391, Adolph inherited the Marck too. However, he gave Marck to his son Dietrich in 1393.
Adolph died in 1394 and was succeeded in Cleves by another of his sons, Adolph.
Cleves and Marck were reunited again 4 years later, when Dietrich died and was succeeded by Adolph IV.

</doc>
<doc id="21533456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533456" title="The Aryan">
The Aryan

The Aryan (1916) is an American silent era western motion picture starring William S. Hart, Gertrude Claire, Charles K. French, Louise Glaum, and Bessie Love.
Directed by William S. Hart and produced by Thomas H. Ince, the screenplay was written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
Although Hart was assisted by Reginald Barker and Clifford Smith, he mostly directed the movie by himself. Hart's salary as both actor and director was $150 per week.
A print of the film survives in the Library of Congress and at the Museo del Cine in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Plot.
A hard working miner, Steve Denton (played by Hart), has become rich from years of prospecting. He takes his fortune and leaves to visit his ill mother, Mrs. Denton (played by Claire). 
In the town of Yellow Ridge, however, he is detained by a seductive dance hall girl named Trixie (played by Glaum). Also known as "the firefly," Trixie not only cheats him out of his gold, but also conceals a message that was wired to him by his dying mother.
Learning the next day that his mother is dead, Denton is infuriated about being cheated and betrayed by Trixie, who pretended to be good, and other false friends. In his rage, he kills Trixie's lover, Chip Emmett (played by Mayall), and kidnaps her. Dragging her by the hair of her head, he takes her into the desert. Enslaving Trixie in his desert hideaway, Denton turns his back on "white civilization." He hates all white men and women and assumes the leadership of a band of Indian and Mexican bandits.
Two years later, a wagon-train of Mississippi farmers who are lost and dying in the desert appeal to Denton for help. He refuses to assist them. He is secretly visited that night by Mary Jane Garth (played by Love), an innocent and virtuous young woman among the migrants who bravely confronts the Indians and Mexicans.
She pleads their cause and expresses her belief that no white man would refuse to protect a woman in distress. Deeply moved, Denton is redeemed. He guides the wagon-train out of the desert and then resumes his wanderings.
Production.
Hart was given a screenplay by the screenwriter C. Gardner Sullivan in which the hero had, according to Hart, "no motive for his hardness." He argued that the audience needed an explanation. Sullivan preferred the idea that his ruthless personality was simply a given, but eventually accepted Hart's wishes. 
Hart wanted Mae Marsh for the role as Mary Jane, but Marsh was working on a D.W. Griffith movie at the time. Griffith recommended a new actress, Bessie Love.
The movie was made at the height of Hart's career, but was unusual because he played a ruthless individual described as "hard as flint." As the title suggests, the movie draws on racial ideologies of the era. Hart stated that the central character, Steve Denton, was "a white man, who, foreswearing his race, makes outlaw Mexicans his comrades and allows white women to be attacked by them."
Hart believed this movie to be "one of the best westerns ever made." 

</doc>
<doc id="21533461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533461" title="David Thomas (Dewi Hefin)">
David Thomas (Dewi Hefin)

David Thomas (bardic name Dewi Hefin) (4 June 1828 – 9 March 1909) was a Welsh poet and teacher.
Life.
Thomas was born in Llanwenog, Cardiganshire, south Wales. He went to school in Cribyn and later ran schools in various places in Cardiganshire (Cribyn, Bwlch-y-fafda, Mydroilyn, Llanarth, Cwrtnewydd and Llanwnnen) until his retirement in 1883. His pupils in Cribyn included John Islan Jones, who went on to become a distinguished Unitarian minister and writer. His poems were published in four volumes: ' in 1854, ' in 1859, ' in 1866, and ' in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="21533462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533462" title="Aerosvit chess tournament">
Aerosvit chess tournament

The Aerosvit chess tournament () is an annual chess tournament played in Foros, Ukraine and sponsored by Aerosvit Airlines. It was started in 2006 and the format is a closed single round-robin tournament of twelve players.

</doc>
<doc id="21533466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533466" title="The Spessart Inn">
The Spessart Inn

The Spessart Inn () is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Kurt Hoffmann. It starred Liselotte Pulver and Carlos Thompson.
Plot.
In the early years of the 19th century, Felix and Peter, two journeymen, are travelling across the Spessart hills to Würzburg. Scared of the bandits that plague these parts, especially after a brief encounter with them, the two are glad to find an inn in the middle of the forest. However, it turns out that they have wandered into a den of thieves. The owners are in league with the bandits, who this very night plan to abduct Franziska, the Comtesse von Sandau, who is travelling through the forest with a group including her fiancee, Baron Sperling. Their coach is waylaid by a trap and the bandits direct them to the nearby inn. The waitress warns the journeymen of impending danger and they pass on the warning to the nobles. During the night, the brigands arrive. To escape, the Comtesse switches places with Felix and, in a man's clothes, escapes with Peter. Felix (as Comtesse), Franziska's maid and the pastor are taken to the bandits' lair. The bandits send Baron Sperling on his way to carry the demand for 20,000 Gulden to Graf Sandau, Franziska's father.
When Franziska arrives at her father's castle, he refuses to pay the ransom for the commoner who has taken his daughter's place. Instead, Graf Sandau decides to send the military against the bandits. Franziska thus rides to the bandits' lair and pretends to be a highwayman herself. The bandit leader accepts her as a henchman, but makes her sleep in his hut. In the morning he discovers her true identity but keeps this information from his men.
When Graf Sandau finds out that the Comtesse has gone to the bandits he sends Baron Sperling to the inn with the ransom money. The soldiers shadow him but the plan to follow the bandits back to their lair fails. Meanwhile, at the bandits' lair, their corporal finds out that the "Comtesse" they have imprisoned is a man. Franziska, on the pretense that she wants to find out the truth about the prisoner, switches back places with Felix, which saves his life but makes her a prisoner. The corporal wants to kill her and a confrontation ensues. The leader sides with the prisoners and during the fight, the parson escapes. The soldiers find the bandits' lair, but the leader snatches the Comtesse and rides off.
Franziska conceals the bandit leader in her father's castle. He reveals to her that he is in fact the son of an Italian Count from whom Graf Sandau borrowed money in the past, which he never repaid. After his father's death he came to Germany to regain his money from Graf Sandau, but before he could do so he was taken prisoner by the bandits. They forced him to join their band and eventually he became their leader. The planned abduction of the Comtesse was intended to make Graf Sandau finally pay the money he owed.
The soldiers search the castle and the bandit leader has to flee. However, he later returns and elopes with Franziska who was about to get married to Baron Sperling—a purely financial match set up by her father. The bandit leader/count takes Franziska in lieu of the money he is owed and they drive off in a wagon.
Production.
The script was based on an 1826 novella by Wilhelm Hauff and written by Heinz Pauck and Luiselotte Enderle. Curt Hanno Gutbrod also worked on the script. An earlier film version of Hauff's story had been released in 1923, directed by Adolf Wenter and starring Friedrich Berger and Ellen Kürty.
"Schloss Mespelbrunn", actually located within the Spessart hills, was used as the castle of Graf Sandau. Another location was the market square of Miltenberg, a town between the Spessart and the Odenwald.
Release.
"Das Wirtshaus im Spessart" premiered on 15 January 1958 at the Gloria-Palast in Berlin.
The film was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival and nominated for the Palme d'Or.
Kurt Hoffmann's "Das Spukschloss im Spessart" and "Herrliche Zeiten im Spessart" were sequels of a sort to this film.
Reception.
The Filmbewertungsstelle awarded the film "Prädikat: Wertvoll". It also received the in 1958. In 1960 it was awarded a "Bambi" for "Artistically Best Film of the Year" and in 1961 the "Preis der deutschen Filmkritik" for "Best Film".
Liselotte Pulver received the "Filmband in Silber" for "Best Actress" at the Deutscher Filmpreis in 1958 for her role as Franziska.
The "Lexikon des internationalen Films" calls the film "a colourful, delightfully spooky and cheerful film with a parodistic touch".
More recently, theatres in several towns in Germany, including Mespelbrunn, Fulda or Donauwörth have staged plays/musicals that were based on the film or at least included some of the elements it had added to Hauff's original story.

</doc>
<doc id="21533476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533476" title="Neunkircher Höhe">
Neunkircher Höhe

The Neunkircher Höhe (605 metres) is the highest elevation of the Hessian part of the Odenwald. The hill is located near the village Neunkirchen and is the origin of the rivers Modau, Gersprenz and Lauter. 
A viewing tower, 34 metres high, was built on the summit in 1906 and replaced an older predecessor, which had been built in 1888 and destroyed by a storm in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="21533492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533492" title="Patrick Crowe">
Patrick Crowe

Patrick Crowe (17 February 1892 – 8 August 1969) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who represented Tipperary South.
A farmer, Crowe was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary South constituency at the 1951 general election, having been an unsuccessful candidate at the 1948 general election. He retained his seat at the 1954 general election but lost it at the 1957 general election. He was elected to the 9th Seanad on the Agricultural Panel at the 1957 Seanad election. He was not re-elected to the Seanad in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="21533506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533506" title="Kurt Hoffmann">
Kurt Hoffmann

Kurt Hoffmann (12 November 1910 – 25 June 2001) was a German film director. He directed 48 films between 1938 and 1971.
His 1958 film "Wir Wunderkinder" was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival and his 1960 film "The Haunted Castle" was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize. His 1961 film "The Marriage of Mr. Mississippi" was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21533511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533511" title="Public Construction Commission">
Public Construction Commission

The Public Construction Commission (PCC; ) is an independent government agency of the Executive Yuan of Republic of China which is responsible for formulating policies and developing national infrastructure, public construction projects such as roads, bridges, highways in Taiwan. The agency follows national goals such as sustainability, high-quality, efficient, reliable and competitive national infrastructure.
Administrative structure.
The agency is organized into the following departments. 

</doc>
<doc id="21533529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533529" title="Microplus">
Microplus

Microplus were a range of GRP boats (glass reinforced plastic - or fibreglass) produced in the UK in the 1960s and 1970s.
Originally trading as Microplas, the company has its origins in the 1950s producing bodyshells for a small number of fibreglass sports cars. However, by 1958 the company had started producing Microplas boats.
In the mid-1970s the company split into two manufacturing groups, Microplas and Chrisidon Marine Limited. Microplas continued to produce body shells and later plastic pipes, while Chrisidon Marine manufactured the boats, by now renamed Microplus.
Models.
Over the years of trading, Microplus / Microplas produced a wide range of boats, from small cabin cruisers, through to small fishing boats and a speedboat.
Generally the model name has a direct correlation with the overall length of the completed moulding.
Owners Club.
An enthusiast and owner has created a website and forum dedicated to the history, maintenance and running of the Microplus marque at: [http://www.microplus.dk]

</doc>
<doc id="21533541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533541" title="Mänttä-Vilppula">
Mänttä-Vilppula

Mänttä-Vilppula () is a town and municipality of Finland. The municipalities of Mänttä and Vilppula were consolidated into a single municipality on January 1st, 2009. It is located in the Pirkanmaa region.
The town has a population of () and covers an area of of which is water.
The municipality is unilingually Finnish.
Major lakes in the area include the lakes Ruovesi, Kuorevesi and Keurusselkä.

</doc>
<doc id="21533571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533571" title="Listen to Your Heart (Sonia song)">
Listen to Your Heart (Sonia song)

"Listen to Your Heart" is a pop-dance song written by Stock Aitken Waterman for Sonia's debut studio album "Everybody Knows" (1990). The single was released in November 1989 as the album's third single. This single reached No. 10 in UK and No. 22 in Ireland. This single's B-side "Better Than Ever" didn't appear on Sonia's debut album.
Chart performance.
"Listen to Your Heart" was a hit for Sonia. The song was released in November 1989. It entered the charts in early December 1989 at number forty-two. After a slow start, the song peaked at number ten five weeks later. "Listen to Your Heart" became Sonia's second top ten hit after her debut single "You'll Never Stop Me Loving You", which reached the top of the UK chart. "Listen to Your Heart" charted in the United Kingdom for ten weeks.
In Ireland, the song debuted and peaked on 4 January 1990 at number twenty-two. It charted for only one week.
In France, "Listen to Your Heart" entered the charts on 3 March 1990 at number forty-six and reached peak position of number thirty-nine three weeks later. The song charted for six weeks there.
Formats and track listings.
7" / Cassette Single
12" / CD Single
Credits and personnel.
The following people contributed to "Listen to Your Heart":

</doc>
<doc id="21533595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533595" title="Ganapatrao Maharaj Kannur">
Ganapatrao Maharaj Kannur

Shri Samartha Sadaguru Ganapatrao Maharaj Kannur (1909–2004) was a guru in the Inchegeri Sampradaya.
Biography.
Early years.
Shri Samartha Sadaguru Ganapatrao Maharaj Kannur was born on 18 September 1909 on the auspicious day of Ganesh Chaturthi (Bhadrapad Shukla Chaturthi), to a pious Brahmin family of Smt Saraswatibai & Shrimant Shivrampant Kannur, in the small village Kannur, located in the Bijapur district of Karnataka, India. 
He had his primary and high-school education in Bijapur. He graduated in 1932, earning a B.Sc. (Mathematics & Physics) Degree from Fergusson college, Pune.
Sri Siddharameshwar Maharaj.
Since his early childhood days young Ganapati had a great inclination towards spirituality. At the age of 13 he was blessed and initiated by Sri S.S. Siddharameshwar Maharaj, who also accepted him as his disciple and guided him to the path of self attainment. At a very young age of 23, after completion of his graduation, he obtained the high status of a liberated soul which was an outcome of the devotion towards Sri Siddharameshwar Maharaj. 
Sri Siddharameshwar Maharaj had given stringent directives to few of his selfless disciples: to wear ochre robes, to be devoted towards sadhana and make it the sole objective of life, not to touch money, and live with only bare minimum necessities. The disciples chose the bank of river Krishna at Audumbar and carried out tapas (penance) for a year, strictly as instructed. Shri Ganapatrao Maharaj followed these commands sincerely and came out an emancipated personality.
Further study.
Even being a graduate he decided not to take any service or job and wowed for the bow of celibacy throughout his life as not to get entangled in materialistic life. Sri Siddhrameshwar Maharaj left for heavenly abode in 1936. After his demise Shri Ganapatrao Maharaj became firmly rooted in his doctrines, and studied the Shrimad Dasbodh, Bhagavata, Bhagavad-Gita, Upanishads and other holy texts to attain the highest goal of his life - self liberation & self attainment.
Teaching others.
The small trickle of devotees gradually turned into a stream and later into an ocean. He carried on the mantle passed to him by his Sadguru, and strived for the upliftment of common people for a span of six decades. In common mans language he was Sagun Parabramha, a "Walking Talking God". To carry forward his spiritual work he founded the Shanti Kuteer Ashram. At the age of 95 years on Monday 20 September 2004 Shri Samartha Sadaguru Ganapatrao Maharaj died in Kannur House, Bijapur.
Personality.
The motto of his life was to propagate the principles of Advaita and preach the importance of gaining Liberation - Mukti in this birth itself and showing the path of self-realization (Atmanubhuti) to all who came to him. He was an individual with high intellect, with a very simple lifestyle, and the immense ability of Loving all eternal humans without any differentiation of religion, caste or creed. People were instantly attracted by his loving, peaceful nature and enlightening discourses those who all came in his contact were very much impressed with his simplicity, selfless state & divine aura, which earned him the reverence as "Shanti Bramha".
Teachings.
Shri Ganapatrao Maharaj preached the principle of Advaita, the importance of self-satisfaction, and the way to lead a happy and content life in eternal peace. His teaching, in a nut shell, was Aham brahmāsmi, "I am Bramha", Atma is supreme - Bramha.
He focused on how an individual who has conquered his ego can be eternally free in his birth itself. The supreme eminence of his teaching was that he explained this systematically in a simple language, so as even a common man could understand and follow it easily. 
Some key topics which Shri Ganapatrao Maharaj elucidated were:
Social Setup.
Shri Maharaj was very much concerned about the changing lifestyles and diluting principles and human values. To counter these aspects, and implement the principles of adhyatma in day to day life, he founded a social organization called "Bharatiya Surajya Samstha" in 1993. 
A spiritual aspirant (Sadhaka) of the highest order certainly has at least a tinge of materialism in him, likewise the most worldly-minded person is sure to have at least a tinge of spiritual awareness in him. The goal of every man is to achieve a balance of these two facets. Every worldly-minded person should adopt spiritual values in his life. Every spiritually-minded person should develop the awareness that the world is present in the background. Shri Maharaj preached this beautiful state of equanimity. 
There are Eight Principles which are preached through Bhartiya Surajya Samstha:
To preach and to spread the message of BSS the disciples of Shri Maharaj carry walkathons in Rural and Urban areas every year known as BSS "Neeti Bhakti Dindi Yatra". 
The BSS is also actively involved to give quality education in villages and helping them improve in every possible. This scheme called ‘School Adoption’ was started by the Govt. of Karnataka. Eleven schools have been adopted under Shri Maharaj’s direction and received help in every possible way. ‘Liberation in life and value considerations should not be restricted but it should extend to the society and the nation and the world over’ is the great message that has been given to civilization by the Samstha. He also originator of a biweekly publication known as "Surajya Path" and was a regular writer till his last days.
In short, every Sadhaka should lead life for the good of his own, his society and the nation. It is no exaggeration to say the nation has been uplifted because of the presence of such great Mahatmas and more so by our Sadguru.
Shanti Kuteer Ashram.
Shanti Kuteer is a hermitage founded by Shri Maharaj. It is located near the village of Kannur, situated 25 km from Bijapur. This ashram was set up in 1951 and has gradually grown to consist of over 100 rooms for accommodation of the disciples. A temple of Lord Shree Dattatreya is located on the premises.
Shri Maharaj built small cottage on his ancestral land named it Shanti Kuteer. Starting with a small cottage in 1951 A.D., Shanti Kuteer expanded into a concrete structure in 1961. It became the centre for all his spiritual activities and soon gained the status of Teertha Kshetra. In a span of 60 years it has now grown into a big spiritual centre with over 100 well maintained rooms, a huge auditorium where discourses are given and the Saptahs (Spiritual fests) are celebrated, a dining hall that can seat thousands of devotees, and all other amenities. At Shanti Kuteer, no distinction is made on the basis of caste, creed, color, age, language or any other criteria. All those with sincere spiritual aspirations are welcome. 
A temple of Lord Dattatraya is the main attraction and adjacent to which is the Sanctum sanctorum - Samadhi Mandir where the holy ashes of Shri Ganapatrao Maharaj have been preserved and a beautiful marble Shivalinga has been placed on it. The room where Shri Maharaj lived is the most sanctified place where mere visiting alienates one from worldly obsessions. The Ashram has a books library as well as book store. There is a separate Prayer hall where daily "Prayers and Aarti" are offered. The natural surroundings of a lake and a stream add to the overall atmosphere to make it a perfect destination for a Dnyana seeker. 
The day at Shanti Kuteer starts at 5 O' Clock in the morning with dawn prayers, followed by Dhyan for 30 min. At 8.30 am the disciples perform the puja at the Samadhi Mandir of S S Maharaj. At 12 noon chapters from Srimad Dasbodh are read and afternoon Prayers & Aarti are offered. This is followed by lunch. In the evening at 5.30 pm chapters from Sulabh Atmadnyan are read and Evening Prayers & Aarti are offered. At 8.30 pm chapters from Srimad Dasbodh are read and Night Prayers & Aarti are offered. Which is followed by dinner.
Events and Saptah.
Various Saptahs (spiritual fests) are held at Shanti Kuteer Kannur in a calendar year.
Sampradaja.
Navnath.
Sri Maharaj traces his sampradaya to the Navanath Sampraday. It was started by Adiguru Shri Dattatreya, and was further carried by the Navanaths, the Holy Nine Gurus. 
One of those Navnaths was Adiguru Sri Revanatah, who initiated Kaadasiddheshwar Swami Maharaj. Kaadasiddheshwar founded the Kaneri Ashram in the 13 the century, which became a Dnyan Peeth. Many solace seekers were initiated for centuries together.
Nimbargi sampraday.
In the mid of the 19th century the then Shri Kaadasiddheshwar Swami Maharaj initiated Shri Gurulingajangam Maharaj, also known as "Nimbarji Maharaj". He founded the "Nimbargi sampraday" and initiated Shri Raghunathpriya Sadhu Maharaj. 
Shri Raghunathpriya Sadhu Maharaj initiated Shri Samartha Sadaguru Bhausaheb Maharaj Deshpande, who was an ardent follower and a devoted disciple of Shri Gurulingajangam Maharaj.
Inchegeri sampraday.
Shri Bhausaheb Maharaj established the Inchegeri Sampraday. He preached the principle of nondualness, Advait tatva, and used to give discourses on Srimad Dasbodh. 
Sri Bhausaheb Maharaj had many followers, many of which further rose to the state of Gurupad, and practised and preached the Principles of Vedant & Advait throughout India. 
Sri Siddharameshwar Maharaj was his disciple and ardent follower. Siddharameshwar professed the knowledge and basics of self-realization to the masses and became one of the most followed Guru of Inchegeri sampraday. Shri Maharaj was blessed and initiated by Siddharameshwar at the age of thirteen.
Publications.
Shri Maharaji’s words came from the depth of his own experience. The acceptance of one being supreme and being one with the universe was the core of his discourses. Shri Maharaj was ever vigilant about the welfare of his disciples, specifically about their spiritual progress. Hence he has written a number of texts on the different aspects of spirituality. He also founded the publication Adhyatma Bhandar and all the books are published under it.
Amongst them, to name a few:
Shantikuteer Sandesh is a quarterly periodical published by Shantikuteer Trust [regd.] Kannur. The periodical is available in both Kannada and Marathi languages.

</doc>
<doc id="21533616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533616" title="Compucade">
Compucade

Compucade was an early forerunner of the internet cafe, with 2 branches based in St Mary's, Southampton and Southsea Portsmouth (England) from the mid-80s to the mid-90s.
The brainchild of Richard (Dick) Hazelton, it was a shop populated with Commodore Amigas and Atari STs, and later PCs.
The idea was simple: pay to play video games on a per-hour basis - a COMPUter arCADE. In the Southampton shop there were desks lined along the left and right side of the building.
Highscores on the games were kept (in the early days) in a book at the front of the shop and you could register a score when you achieved it, and have your name recorded for posterity.
The more popular games on the Atari ST were "Rogue", "Goldrunner", "Kick Off" and "Midi Maze". The latter was one of the first multiplayer networked games linking up to 16 Atari STs via the midi interface. Leagues were run, and there were teams of 2 player, 4 players and free-for-alls.
Eventually the PC came to the fore and multiplayer networked games became popular such as Microprose's Global Conquest in 1992 (the first 4 player networked game from a major publisher).
The Southampton shop eventually closed some time after the Portsmouth Branch and the property was subjected to a harsh CPO by Bellway, and eventually demolished to make way for a new homes development as part of a regeneration of the area.
Mr. Richard Hazelton and Mr. Simon Hazelton died in 2004 and 2011 respectively, "Total Annihilation" the cause. Mr. Alan Hazelton heads "Ringpeace" on the "Silverlode" server at "Lord of the Rings Online".

</doc>
<doc id="21533619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533619" title="Ogasawara Nagakuni">
Ogasawara Nagakuni

Biography.
Nagakuni was the eldest son of Matsudaira Mitsutsune, the daimyo of Matsumoto Domain in Shinano province. In October 1840, when the 4th daimyo of Karatsu, Ogasawara Nagayoshi died without heirs, the Tokugawa Bakufu selected him as his replacement, and he was posthumously adopted as Nagayoshi’s son.
Nagakuni found his new domain in dire financial straits, and made efforts to avoid bankruptcy through establishment of domain monopolies on whaling and charcoaling. However, Nagakuni was the fourth adopted daimyo in a row in Karatsu domain from the time of Ogasawara Nagamasa, and quickly found his efforts hampered by Ogasawara Nagamichi, a younger son of the first lord who had been bypassed in the succession, but who wielded considerable behind-the-scenes political influence. The domain's government was divided into factions, and Nagakuni, as both an outsider and newcomer had a much weaker position than Nagamichi. Nagakuni attempted to heal the rift by adopting Nagamichi as his heir, but this had the result of all power devolving to Nagamichi, leaving Nagakuni as little more than a figurehead.
In 1868, with the start of the Boshin War, Karatsu domain remained strongly in support of the Tokugawa Bakufu. In the Bakumatsu period, Nagayuki served as a Rōjū in the government, and Karatsu domain itself was a "Fudai" domain, unlike the neighboring Nabashima domains, which were of "Tozama" domain status. The Ogasawara remained loyal to the Tokugawa to the end, with many samurai accompanying the remnants of the Tokugawa army north to join the Republic of Ezo and fighting in the Battle of Hakodate. 
In June 1869, the title of "daimyō" was abolished, and Nagakuni was appointed governor of Karatsu domain. However, in 1871, Karatsu domain itself was abolished with the abolition of the han system, and became part of the new Saga Prefecture. Nagakuni retired in September 1873, relocated to Tokyo, and died in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="21533626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533626" title="Suburban Romance">
Suburban Romance

Suburban Romance () is a 1958 Czechoslovak romance film directed by Zbyněk Brynych. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21533637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533637" title="Palazzo Thiene">
Palazzo Thiene

Palazzo Thiene is a 15th-16th-century palace in Vicenza, northern Italy, designed for Marcantonio and Adriano Thiene, probably by Giulio Romano, in 1542, and revised during construction from 1544 by Andrea Palladio.
In 1994 the palace was included in the "Vicenza, city of Palladio" World Heritage Site by UNESCO. In 1996 the World Heritage Site was renamed "City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto", and it was expanded to include outlying villas (one of which is the Thiene brothers' country home, the Villa Thiene). The palace is used as the historic headquarters of a bank and it also hosts some exhibitions and culture events.
History.
The original Gothic palace was committed by Lodovico Thiene to Lorenzo da Bologna in 1490, with an East front on contrà Porti made of bricks squared by angular lesenes worked at "diamond edge", with a portal by Tommaso da Lugano and a triple window ("trifora") made in rose marble. 
In October 1542 Marcantonio and Adriano Thiene began to remodel their 15th century (Quattrocento) family palace in a grandiose project, which would have occupied an entire city block of 54 x 62 metres and faced onto Vicenza’s principal artery (today’s Corso Palladio).
The rich, powerful and sophisticated Thiene brothers belonged to that great Italian nobility which could moved with ease among Europe’s most important courts: they therefore required a domestic stage adequate for the cosmopolitan expectationsof their guests who might visit them. At the same time, as exponents of a well-defined, political faction in the city’s aristocracy, they desired a princely palace to emphasise their proper role in the city itself, as the sign of their quasi-seigniorial power.
When in 1614 the young English architect Inigo Jones visited the palacem he noted down information directly garnered from Vincenzo Scamozzi and Palma il Giovane: “this project was made by Giulio Romano and executed by Palladio”. Most probably, in fact, the original conception of the Palazzo Thiene should be attributed to the mature and expert Giulio Romano (from 1573 at the Mantuan court of the Gonzagas, with whom the Thiene enjoyed the closest rapport) and the young Palladio should be held responsible rather for the executive design and execution of the building, a role which became ever more essential after Giulio’s death in 1546.
The elements of the palace which are attributable to Giulio and alien to Palladio’s vocabulary are clearly recognisable: the four-column atrium is substantially identical with that of the Palazzo Te (even if Palladio indubitably modified its vaulting system); also Giulian are the windows and the ground storey facades onto the street and courtyard, while Palladio must have been defined the upper storey trabeation and capitals.
Works began on the building in 1542. In December of the same year, Giulio Romano visited Vicenza for two weeks as a consultant on the Loggias for the Basilica. Probably on this occasion he supplied the outline project for the Palazzo Thiene. But works proceeded slowly: on the external facade is inscribed the date 1556, and in the courtyard 1558. In 1552 Adriano Thiene died in France and thereafter, when Marcantonio’s son Giulio became marchese of Scandiano, family interests gradually shifted to Ferrara. As a result only a small portion of the grandiose project was ever realised, but probably neither the Venetians nor the other Vicentine nobles would have accepted such a grandiose private enclave in the centre of their city.

</doc>
<doc id="21533638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533638" title="Atomic Energy Council">
Atomic Energy Council

The Atomic Energy Council (AEC; ) is an independent government agency of the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China which is responsible for atomic safety, development and regulations. It also conducts research and development into atomic technologies.
History.
The agency was created in 1955 by the Executive Yuan. Since then, it has assisted industry in developing nuclear power for commercial use and allowed universities to conduct research into atomic energy.
The agency is still primarily responsible for the supervision of nuclear power plants, nuclear facilities, and radiation workplaces. It also strictly implement the laws for nuclear safety control, radiation protection, environmental detection, and proper administration of radioactive waste management to ensure the safety of nuclear applications, general public and investigate applications for atomic energy.
Administrative Structure.
The agency is organized into the following areas.
Transportation.
The council is accessible within walking distance South West from Gongguan Station of the Taipei Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="21533661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533661" title="Bhootwala Serial">
Bhootwala Serial

Bhootwala Serial is a comedy show that aired on SAB TV and premiered on February 23, 2009. It is the first horror - comedy show in India.
The show's premise is about a group of friends purchasing/renting a home and the feeble attempts of the resident ghosts to evict them. It parodies the stereotypical aspects of Indian horror such as evil she-ghosts, evil laughter, odd-looking make up of the ghosts etc... 
Most episodes feature more or less the same gimmicks with exception to some special episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="21533676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533676" title="Zbyněk Brynych">
Zbyněk Brynych

Zbyněk Brynych (13 June 1927 – 24 August 1995) was a Czech film director and screenwriter. He directed 30 films between 1951 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21533688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533688" title="Jack Fincher (footballer)">
Jack Fincher (footballer)

John Alexander "Jack" Fincher (27 November 1904 — 4 October 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Fincher was unlucky not to play in a premiership side while at Richmond, appearing in three successive losing Grand Finals from 1927, his debut season. A rover, he kicked 23 goals in 1928. He crossed to Footscray in 1931, a year before Richmond broke through for their premiership.
His elder brother Charlie played at South Melbourne and was killed in the very first landings at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="21533692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533692" title="Bhalobasa Bhalobasa (1985 film)">
Bhalobasa Bhalobasa (1985 film)

Bhalobasa Bhalobasa ()is a 1985 Bengali romantic film directed by Tarun Majumdar. The film is starring Tapas Paul, Deboshree Roy.
Plot.
Keya (Debashree Roy) is a college student who also goes for music classes in Kolkata. She stays in a girls' hostel whereas her parents and cousin brother (Anup Kumar) stay in Shimultala (Bihar). Arup (Tapas Pal) is a small business man dealing in poultry and also helps poor people with free medicine and education. His mother (Madhabi Mukherjee) was a noted singer who was had recently passed away from cancer. His father had left his mother for another rich woman when she was expecting Arup.
Keya has a fight with Arup when he comes to her hostel to supply poultry. Later Keya comes to know that Arup is also a famous singer like his mother and both Keya and Arup fall in love with each other. Keya starts visiting Arup's house and helps him in his work. Arup is approached by Keya on behalf of the Gramophone Company for recording Rabindrasangeet but Arup does not agree for some unknown reason and instead throws out Keya from his house. Later, he repents for his mistake and starts singing. The couple eventually sort their differences.
When Keya goes to Shimultala on Durga Puja vacation, Arup follows her as per pre-plan. There, they come to know that Keya's father (Utpal Dutt) has already fixed up her marriage with an Engineer (Kaushik Banerjee) who is also the son of a rich Barrister (Satya Banerjee) from Patna. Arup by his good-nature tries to win the favours of Keya's parents and brother. However, Arup comes to know the true identity of the Barrister and his son and at the behest of Keya's mother (Ruma Guha Thakurta) decides to leave the place without informing Keya. However, before leaving Shimultala he decides to sing his last song at the Bijoya Sammilani. Through the song he narrates the whole sad life of his mother, her life-long struggle and how he was ill-treated by his father (the Barrister) when Arup had requested his father to come and meet his dying mother. After hearing the song, Arup's father realises his biggest mistake of life and requests forgiveness from his son. Both the parents decide to get Keya and Arup married to each other and eventually the movie ends with a happy note.

</doc>
<doc id="21533701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533701" title="Governors of Sint Eustatius, Saba and Sint Maarten">
Governors of Sint Eustatius, Saba and Sint Maarten

The Governors of Sint Eustatius, Saba and Sint Maarten represented the Dutch rule in the Netherlands Antilles between 1639 and 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="21533703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533703" title="Köthel">
Köthel

Köthel is a village in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is divided by the Bille river into two parts which are located in different Landkreis:

</doc>
<doc id="21533717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533717" title="Boris Shpitalniy">
Boris Shpitalniy

Boris Gavriilovich Shpitalny () (August 7 (O.S. July 25), 1902, Rostov-on-Don — February 6, 1972, Moscow) was a Soviet designer of aircraft guns and cannons, Hero of Socialist Labor (1940), professor (1949). 
Boris Shpitalniy graduated from MAMI Moscow State Technical University in 1927. Three years later, Boris Shpitalniy together with Irinarkh Komaritsky designed the ShKAS machine gun, a 7.62 mm machine gun widely used by Soviet aircraft in the 1930s and during World War II. In 1939, a small number of Ultra-ShKAS were produced featuring a firing rate of 3,000 rounds per minute, but these saw only limited use due to reliability problems. ShKAS served as the basis for the ShVAK cannon in 1936 (designed in collaboration with Semyon Vladimirov). This 20-mm autocannon was installed in many Soviet aircraft including Yakovlev Yak-1, Polikarpov I-153 and I-16, Lavochkin La-5 and La-7, LaGG-3, early Ilyushin Il-2, and Soviet-modified Hawker Hurricane aircraft, as well as T-38 and T-60 tanks. His 37 mm autocannon, the Sh-37, was less successful though, and saw only brief service between 1941 and 1942.
In 1934-1953, Boris Shpitalniy was the head and chief designer of the special design bureau number 15 (особое КБ 15) and then a professor at the Moscow Institute of Geodesy, Aerial Photography & Mapmaking. For his development of new types of aircraft guns, Boris Shpitalniy was awarded two USSR State Prizes (1941, 1942), two Orders of Lenin, four other orders, and numerous medals.

</doc>
<doc id="21533752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533752" title="Kulpin">
Kulpin

Kulpin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533762" title="Jana Brejchová">
Jana Brejchová

Jana Brejchová (born 20 January 1940) is a Czech film actress. She has appeared in more than 70 films since 1953. She was married to actor Vlastimil Brodský and director Miloš Forman.

</doc>
<doc id="21533774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533774" title="Novak Martinović">
Novak Martinović

Novak Martinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Hoвaк Mapтинoвић; born 31 January 1985, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer who is currently under the contract with Serbian SuperLiga side Red Star Belgrade, as a centre back and sometimes as a right defender.
Career.
He had an upsurge in popularity in Romania, after an incident in a match against Petrolul Ploiești, when, seconds before a disputed penalty kick was to be taken, a Petrolul fan entered the pitch and punched Steaua teammate George Galamaz. Martinović reacted by tackling the attacker knees-first and brutally kicking him, thus receiving a red card. Although he hit the pitch intruder, he was praised for his actions by the media, football fans all over Romania, Steaua fans, Steaua former player and manager Marius Lăcătuș and female tennis player Sorana Cîrstea. In January 2013, he was released from Steaua. On 23 January 2013, he signed a two-year contract with Chinese Super League club Wuhan Zall. He was released by Wuhan on 3 July 2013. Martinović moved to Red Star Belgrade several days later.

</doc>
<doc id="21533824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533824" title="OutSPOKEN">
OutSPOKEN

outSPOKEN was one of the first commercially available screen readers for a graphical user interface (GUI). Its notable innovations were the use of an off-screen model and the mouse pointer as a review cursor. The original Macintosh version was written by Wes Boyd and Bruce Berkhalter at Berkeley Systems. outSPOKEN was first released for the Macintosh in 1989, and was the only screen reader ever available for the Macintosh prior to VoiceOver. outSPOKEN for Microsoft Windows was released in 1994 for Windows 3.1, and was widely recognized as one of the first truly effective screen readers for Windows. outSPOKEN for Windows was developed primarily by Ben Drees and Peter Korn, with user interface design by Marc Sutton and Joshua Miele.
Berkeley Systems sold outSPOKEN and all of its other accessibility assets to Alva Access Group of Holland in 1996. In September, 2005, Optelec acquired the assets of ALVA BV., the parent company of ALVA Access Group.
"Outspoken" is also an English word.

</doc>
<doc id="21533865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533865" title="Nevaeh (wrestler)">
Nevaeh (wrestler)

Beth Crist (née Vocke) (born January 29, 1985) is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring name Nevaeh. She currently performs on the independent circuit, most notably for Combat Zone Wrestling. She also competed for Shimmer Women Athletes, where she and Ashley Lane were the promotion's inaugural Tag Team Champions.
Professional wrestling career.
Debut and early years (2005–2008).
Vocke made her wrestling debut on December 1, 2005 under the ring name Nevaeh, where she lost to Hellena Heavenly in a match for Mad-Pro Wrestling at their event Rise Up. After wrestling for the Heartland Wrestling Association and Insanity Pro Wrestling throughout 2006 and 2007, she debuted in Ohio Championship Wrestling in 2007 and began feuding with Ashley Lane. On November 24, Nevaeh defeated Lane to win the promotion's Women's Championship, which was also the first title in her career. She later lost the title back to Lane on February 16, 2008. In addition to OCW, Nevaeh's feud with Lane also spanned into Cleveland All-Pro Wrestling and Big Time Wrestling. She also competed regularly for the HWA throughout 2008 and 2009, wrestling against Mary Elizabeth Monroe and Heather Owens on several occasions for both promotions.
Shimmer Women Athletes (2008–2011, 2013).
On April 26, 2008, Nevaeh made her debut for Shimmer Women Athletes at the Volume 17 tapings, where she and her rival Ashley Lane lost to The Experience (Lexie Fyfe and Malia Hosaka). They rebounded at the tapings for Volume 18, however, scoring an upset win against the Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew (Lacey and Rain). On July 5, 2008, they beat the duo of Veronika Vice and Cat Power before losing to The International Home Wrecking Crew (Rain and Jetta) at the Volume 19 and Volume 20 tapings respectively.
On October 19, 2008, Nevaeh and Lane won a six-team gauntlet match to crown the promotion's inaugural Tag Team Champions after lastly eliminating The Experience. At the Volume 22 tapings, they successfully defended the title against the Canadian NINJAs (Portia Perez and Nicole Matthews). On November 1, the Tag Team Title was defended outside of Shimmer for the first time as Nevaeh and Lane retained their championship against Stephie Sinclair and Hellena Heavenly in a match for Insanity Pro Wrestling. In addition to Shimmer, Nevaeh and Lane continued to defend the title outside of Shimmer and on November 22, they defeated Hailey Hatred and Mary Elizabeth at the HWA's "High Def" show to retain the title once more. On December 19, Nevaeh and Lane retained the title against Angel Dust and Stephie Sinclair at the HWA's World War III event. On May 2, Nevaeh and Lane retained their title against The International Home Wrecking Crew in a two out of three falls match. The next day, they again retained their title by defeating Sara Del Rey and Amazing Kong before losing it to the Canadian NINJAs, ending their reign at 196 days. After losing the title, Nevaeh and Lane lost again, this time to Wesna Busic and Melanie Cruise on November 8. However, they rebounded with a victory over Kacey Diamond and Sassy Stephie later on in the night.
On September 30, 2011, Nevaeh teamed up with MsChif and Jessie McKay in a losing effort to Madison Eagles, Sassy Stephie and Mena Libra after Neveah turned on her team and attacked MsChif, becoming a villain in the process. The following day, Nevaeh defeated her former tag team partner Ashley Lane in the latter's return to Shimmer before forming a new partnership with Sassy Stephie. On October 2, Nevaeh and Stephie won their first match together after defeating Lane and Mia Yim.
On April 6, 2013, Nevaeh made her return to Shimmer, where she reunited with Sassy Stephie and aligned with the debuting Jessicka Havok to face Regeneration X (Allison Danger and Leva Bates) and the returning Serena Deeb in a six-woman tag team match, with Nevaeh's team losing after she was pinned by Deeb.
Ring of Honor (2009, 2010).
Because of the working agreement between Shimmer and Ring of Honor, Nevaeh made her ROH debut on March 1, 2009, as she and Daizee Haze defeated Sara Del Rey and Sassy Stephie in a tag team match on the fourth episode of "Ring of Honor Wrestling". On May 29, she lost to Shimmer Champion MsChif in a non-title match. The next day, she and Haze lost to MsChif and Del Rey. After a hiatus from ROH, Nevaeh returned to the promotion on October 16, 2010 at "Richards vs. Daniels" and teamed with Lady JoJo to defeat Daizee Haze and Jamilia Craft.
Combat Zone Wrestling (2012–present).
On February 4, 2012, Nevaeh made her Combat Zone Wrestling debut with a victory over Kimber Lee. Following the match, her signing was confirmed when she was added to the Bombshells section on CZW's website and she soon joined Jake Crist, Dave Crist, and Sami Callihan to form Ohio Is For Killers (OI4K). In addition to assuming a managerial role within the stable, Nevaeh continued to perform as a wrestler, as she defeated Cherry Bomb on October 13, 2012 and wrestled Jessicka Havok to a no contest on March 9, 2013.
Other promotions.
On the May 26, 2010 episode Wrestlicious' show "TakeDown", Nevaeh made her debut for the promotion under the ring name Kickstart Katie, where she was unsuccessful in winning a battle royal to determine the promotion's first champion.
On September 27, 2013, Nevaeh made her debut for Shine Wrestling, where she defeated Leva Bates in a singles match. Following the match, Nevaeh was assisted by the S-N-S Express (Jessie Belle and Sassy Stephie) in attacking Bates following the match, resulting in her joining the Express in the process.
Personal life.
Vocke is married to fellow professional wrestler and Ohio Is For Killers' stablemate Jake Crist. The couple were childhood sweethearts while attending Tecumseh High School and have a daughter, Brooklynn, who was born when both were teenagers.

</doc>
<doc id="21533879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533879" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres

The men's 10,000 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Sunday, July 29, 1928.
Twenty-four long-distance runners from twelve nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Paavo Nurmi set a new Olympic record with 30:18.8 minutes.
Results.
Only a final race was held.

</doc>
<doc id="21533914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533914" title="Regular map (graph theory)">
Regular map (graph theory)

In mathematics, a regular map is a symmetric tessellation of a closed surface. More precisely, a regular map is a decomposition of a two-dimensional manifold such as a sphere, torus, or real projective plane into topological disks, such that every flag (an incident vertex-edge-face triple) can be transformed into any other flag by a symmetry of the decomposition. Regular maps are, in a sense, topological generalizations of Platonic solids. The theory of maps and their classification is related to the theory of Riemann surfaces, hyperbolic geometry, and Galois theory. Regular maps are classified according to either: the genus and orientability of the supporting surface, the underlying graph, or the automorphism group. 
Overview.
Regular maps are typically defined and studied in three ways: topologically, group-theoretically, and graph-theoretically.
Topological approach.
Topologically, a map is a 2-cell decomposition of a closed compact 2-manifold.
The genus g, of a map M is given by Euler's relation formula_1 which is equal to formula_2 if the map is orientable, and formula_3 if the map is non-orientable. It is a crucial fact that there is a finite (non-zero) number of regular maps for every orientable genus except the torus.
Group-theoretical approach.
Group-theoretically, the permutation representation of a regular map "M" is a transitive permutation group "C", on a set formula_4 of flags, generated by a fixed-point free involutions "r"0, "r"1, "r"2 satisfying (r0r2)2= I. In this definition the faces are the orbit of "F" = "<"r0, "r"1>, edges are the orbit of "E" = <"r"0, "r"2>, and vertices are the orbit of "V" = <"r"1, "r"2>. More abstractly, the automorphism group of any regular map is the non-degenerate, homomorphic image of a <2,m,n>-triangle group.
Graph-theoretical approach.
Graph-theoretically, a map is a cubic graph formula_5 with edges coloured blue, yellow, red such that: formula_5 is connected, every vertex is incident to one edge of each colour, and cycles of edges not coloured blue, have length 4. Note that formula_5 is the "flag graph" or "graph encoded map (GEM)" of the map, defined on the vertex set of flags formula_4 and is not the skeleton G = (V,E) of the map. In general, |formula_4| = 4|E|. 
A map M is regular iff Aut(M) acts regularly on the flags. Aut("M") of a regular map is transitive on the vertices, edges, and faces of "M". A map "M" is said to be reflexible iff Aut("M") is regular and contains an automorphism formula_10 that fixes both a vertex "v" and a face "f", but reverses the order of the edges. A map which is regular but not reflexible is said to be chiral.
Examples.
The following is a complete list of regular maps in surfaces of positive Euler characteristic: the sphere and the projective plane (Coxeter 80).

</doc>
<doc id="21533920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533920" title="Well Kept Secrets">
Well Kept Secrets

Well Kept Secrets is a studio album from Lisa Moscatiello and Rosie Shipley which was released in 2003.
Release notes.
""Well Kept Secrets" has an intimate, direct sound, inviting listeners to savor the blend of Rosie's deep, pure fiddle tone and Lisa's rich, sensuous alto voice. Rosie presents compelling interpretations of reels, slip jigs, and polkas, including a lively set of tunes from Cape
Breton Island. Lisa sings traditional and contemporary melody-intensive ballads. Highlights include the ghostly Scots ballad, "Here's a Health To All True Lovers," and the elegiac antiwar song, "Flowers of Saskatchewan," by Canada's David Francey."

</doc>
<doc id="21533922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533922" title="Extensive reading">
Extensive reading

Extensive reading (or free reading, book flood, reading for pleasure), is a way of language learning, including foreign language learning, through large amounts of reading. As well as facilitating acquisition and learning of vocabulary, it is believed to increase motivation through positive affective benefits. Proponents such as Krashen (1989) claim that reading alone will increase encounters with unknown words, bringing learning opportunities by inferencing. The learner's encounters with unknown words in specific contexts will allow the learner to infer and thus learn those words' meanings. While the mechanism is commonly accepted as true, its importance in language learning is disputed. ()
Extensive reading has been used and advocated in language learning since at least the 19th century (with Latin; see below). In the first language, many connections have been made between reading and vocabulary size, as well as other academic skills. 
Concepts.
"Free voluntary reading" refers to using extensive reading in language education. Students are free to choose a book that they like and are allowed to read it at their own pace. The aim of a free voluntary reading program is to help students to enjoy reading, so assessment is usually minimized or eliminated entirely.
idea behind extensive reading is that a lot of reading of interesting material that is slightly below, at, or barely above the full comprehension level of the reader will foster improved language skills. Graded readers are often used. For foreign-language learners, some researchers have found that the use of glosses for "difficult" words is advantageous to vocabulary acquisition () but at least one study finds it has no effect (). A number of studies report significant incidental vocabulary gain in extensive reading in a foreign language (). Advocates claim it can enhance skill in speaking as well as in reading.
Students choose their own reading material and are not compelled to finish uninteresting materials. Reading material is normally for pleasure, information or general understanding; reading is its own reward with few or no follow-up exercises after reading; reading is individual and silent. Reading speed is usually faster when students read materials they can easily understand.
The teacher is a role model who also orients the students to the goals of the program, explains the idea and methodology, keeps records of what has been read, and guides students in material selection and maximizing the effect of the program. Teachers orient students to the goals of the program, explain the methodology, keep track of what each student reads, and guide students in getting the most out of the program and reading in general.
Some recent practitioners have not followed all of these traits, or have added to them, for example, requiring regular follow-up exercises such as story summaries or discussions and the use of audio materials in tandem with the readings ().
Graded reader series.
A graded reader series of books that increase in difficulty from shorter texts using more common words in the first volumes, to longer texts with less common vocabulary in later volumes. cites Oxford's "Bookworm series", which includes the 2,500 most frequent words, The "Longman Bridge Series" (1945), with a systematic grading up to 8,000 words, now out of print, and the "Penguin/Longman Active Reading" series with its 3,000 word-family target.
Many series of graded readers exist in English, and series exist also in French, German, Italian, and Spanish. , readers are notably absent or scarce in Russian, Arabic, Japanese, and Mandarin Chinese, though since 2006, an extensive reader series is available in Japanese. English readers have primarily been produced by British publishers, rather than American or other Anglophone nations. , only one small series (15 volumes) was published in the United States, and a few in Europe outside the UK, with the majority in the UK.
Translation of modern literature.
For advocates of extensive reading, lack of reading selection is an acute issue in classical languages such as Latin – the main readings available being quite difficult and are perceived as dry. To increase the available literature and make more light selection available, modern literature (particularly children's literature, comics, and genre fiction) may be translated into classical languages – see list of Latin translations of modern literature for examples in Latin. As F. W. Newman writes in his introduction to a Latin translation of Robinson Crusoe:
Threshold.
Laufer suggest that 3,000 word families or 5,000 lexical items are the threshold (). Coady & Nation (1998) suggest 98% of lexical coverage and 5,000 word families or 8,000 items for a pleasurable reading (). After this threshold, the learner leaves the beginner paradox, and enters a virtuous circle (). Then, extensive reading becomes more efficient.
Limits.
, , and offer contrasting perspectives. All agree on the need of lexical input, but Cobb (2007; 2008) supported by denounces the insufficiency of extensive reading, the current lexical expansion pedagogy, and especialty for confirmed learners. According to Cobb (2007), 's Input Hypothesis states that extensive reading generates a continuous hidden learning (lexical input), eventually ""doing the entire job"" of vocabulary acquisition. This hypothesis is without empirical evidence, neither on the extent (% of global vocabulary acquisition), nor on the sufficiency of extensive reading for lexicon learning (Cobb 2007).
Cobb (2007) thus proposed a computer-based study to quantitatively assess the efficiency of extensive reading. Cobb estimated the reading quantity of common learners within the L2 language (~175,000 words over 2 years), then randomly took 10 words in each the 1st thousand most frequent words, the 2nd thousand, and the 3rd thousand, to see how many times those words would appear. Those results should be higher than 6 to 10 encounters, the number need for stable initial word learning to occur.
Cobb (2007) summarizes as following :"quantitative study shows the extreme unlikelihood of developing an adequate L2 reading lexicon 2,000 words families through reading alone, even in highly favorable circumstances" since "for the vast majority of L2 learners, free or wide reading alone is not a sufficient source of vocabulary knowledge for reading". Thereafter, Cobb restated the need of lexical input, and stated the possibility to increase it using computing capabilities.
McQuillan & Krashen (2008) answer that learners may read far more than 175,000 words but rather +1,000,000 words in 2 years, but counters that view as being based on excessively successful cases of reading oversimplified texts. Experiments cited by McQuillan & Krashen use easy and fast to read texts, but not material suitable for discovering new vocabulary; unsimplified texts are far harder and slower to read.
Advocacy and Support Organizations.
"The Extensive Reading Foundation" is a not-for-profit, charitable organization whose purpose is to support and promote extensive reading. One Foundation initiative is the annual Language Learner Literature Award for the best new works in English. Another is maintaining a bibliography of research on extensive reading. The Foundation is also interested in helping educational institutions set up extensive reading programs through grants that fund the purchase of books and other reading material.
"The Extensive Reading Special Interest Group" (ER SIG) of The Japan Association for Language Teaching (JALT) is a not-for-profit organization which exists to help promote Extensive Reading in Japan. Via a website, the publications "Extensive Reading in Japan" and "Journal of Extensive Reading", presentations throughout Japan, and other activities the ER SIG aims to help teachers set up and make the most of their ER programs and ER research projects.
Extensive listening.
Similar to extensive reading is extensive listening, which is the analogous approach to listening. One issue is that listening speed is generally slower than reading speed, so simpler texts are recommended – one may be able to read a text extensively, but not be able to listen to it extensively.
References.
Surveys.
A series of periodic surveys of graded extensive readers in English have been undertaken by Helen C. Reid Thomas and David R. Hill, which provide a good overview of the evolving state of available readers.

</doc>
<doc id="21533927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533927" title="Lissanthe">
Lissanthe

Lissanthe is a genus of shrubs in the family Ericaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia. 
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="21533929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533929" title="Eurogroup">
Eurogroup

The Eurogroup is a meeting of the finance ministers of the eurozone, i.e. those member states of the European Union (EU) which have adopted the euro as their official currency, and are 18 in number as of January 2014. It exercises political control over the currency and related aspects of the EU's monetary union such as the Stability and Growth Pact. Its current president is Dutch finance minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem.
The ministers meet in camera a day before a meeting of the Economic and Financial Affairs Council (Ecofin) of the Council of the European Union. They communicate their decisions via press and document releases.
This group is related to the Council of the European Union (only eurogroup states vote on issues relating to the euro in Ecofin) and was formalised under the Lisbon Treaty.
History.
The Eurogroup, formerly known as the "Euro-X" and "Euro-XI" in relation to the number of states adopting the euro, was established at the request of France as a policy co-ordination and consultation forum on eurozone matters. The December 1997 European Council endorsed its creation and the first meeting was held on 4 June 1998 at the Chateau de Senningen in Luxembourg .
To begin with, the chair of the Eurogroup mirrored that of the rotating Council presidency, except where the Council presidency was held by a non-eurozone country, in which case the chair was held by the next eurozone country that would hold the Council presidency. In 2004 the ministers decided to elect a president (see "President" below for details) and in 2008, the group held a summit of heads of state and government, rather than finance ministers, for the first time. This became known as the Euro summit and has had irregular meetings during the financial crisis. In March 2013 the Eurogroup along with the IMF developed the terms for the imposition of a bank levy on all bank accounts in Cyprus. This negotiation, which began as a condition for a 10 billion euro loan to bail out 2 Cyprus banks, led to one of the most controversial developments in banking over the past one hundred years, government confiscation of depositors assets- without notice or the opportunity to democratically consider and pass legislation supporting the confiscation. The Eurogroup appears to have assumed official status as an operating unit of the EU.
Since the beginning of the monetary union, its role has grown in regards to the euro's economic governance. The fact the group meets just before the Ecofin council means it can pre-agree all Ecofin's decisions on Eurozone affairs. In 2009 the Lisbon Treaty formalised the group and its president.
President.
The current president of the group, dubbed "Mr Euro" or the "president of the eurozone",Other usage of the term if needed: [http://www.euro-area.org/blog/?p=33 [http://www.eurointelligence.com/article.581+M55ca4c385ce.0.html]</ref> is Jeroen Dijsselbloem (current Minister of Finance of the Netherlands).
In September 2004, the Eurogroup decided it should have a semi-permanent president that is to be appointed for a period of two years. Finance Minister and then Prime Minister of Luxembourg Jean-Claude Juncker was appointed first president of the Eurogroup, mandated from 1 January 2005, until 31 December 2006, and was re-appointed for a second term in September 2006. Under the Lisbon Treaty, this system was formalised (see "legal basis" below) and Juncker was confirmed for another term.
The Presidency has helped the strengthening of the group, as before Juncker's appointment the Eurogroup was only 'accidentally' present at meetings in the European Parliament. Since the creation of the Presidency, the president attends Parliament's committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs every six months.
After his reappointment as Eurogroup president in January 2010, Juncker emphasised the need to increase the scope of the Eurogroup's activities. In particular in terms of co-ordinating economic policies and representation. Juncker proposed creating a small secretariat for the group of four to five civil servants to prepare the meetings. However although France and Spain support such plans, Germany is worried that strengthening the group could undermine the independence of the European Central Bank.
In June 2012, the Estonian minister Jürgen Ligi was being considered as a possible successor for Mr. Juncker. As of January 2013, Juncker hinted that his probable successor would be Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who was appointed second president of the Eurogroup on 21 January 2013.
Members.
Eurogroup members as of July 2013. The ECB President, Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner and Chairman of the Eurogroup Working Group also attend the meetings. It is worthwhile to note that the members of the EU who choose not to participate in the Euro (UK, Sweden, the Czech Republic, Denmark, etc.) have been excluded from observer status. The membership is very fluid. For example, IMF personnel such as Christine Lagarde are sometimes allowed to be present at meetings—see Lagarde statement 20130316. What remains unknown about this very ad-hoc group is whether they allow observers to speak or speech by the observers is forbidden.
Legal basis.
Prior to the Lisbon Treaty, the Eurogroup had no legal basis. This had some advantages as, because it was not a Council formation, it is smaller and more informal resulting in more constructive and confidential discussions than the full Ecofin Council. It also means that it does not have the usual rotating six-month presidency meaning its work is streamlined and strengthened vs the other institutions.
A formal legal basis was granted for the first time under the Lisbon Treaty when it came into force on 1 December 2009. of the treaty lays out just two articles to govern the group;
Furthermore, the treaty amended the Council of the EU's rules so that when the full Ecofin council votes on matters only affecting the eurozone, only those states using the euro (the Eurogroup countries) are permitted to vote on it.
Representation.
On 15 April 2008 in Brussels, Juncker suggested that the eurozone should be represented at the International Monetary Fund as a bloc, rather than each member state separately: "It is absurd for those 15 countries not to agree to have a single representation at the IMF. It makes us look absolutely ridiculous. We are regarded as buffoons on the international scene." However Finance Commissioner Joaquin Almunia stated that before there is common representation, a common political agenda should be agreed. In January 2010 Juncker indicated that the Commission is to propose that the group become a member of the G20.
Economic government.
In 2008, in light of the 2008 financial crisis, French President Nicolas Sarkozy (speaking at the European Parliament as the outgoing President of the European Council) called the Eurogroup to be replaced by a "clearly identified economic government" for the eurozone, stating it was not possible for the eurozone to go on without it. The eurozone economic government would discuss issues with the European Central Bank, which would remain independent.
This government would come in the form of a regular meeting of the eurozone heads of state and government (similar to the European Council) rather than simply the finance ministers which happens with the current Eurogroup. Sarkozy stated that "only heads of state and government have the necessary democratic legitimacy" for the role. This idea was based on the meeting of eurozone leaders in 2008 who met to agree a co-ordinated eurozone response to the banking crisis.
This is in contrast to an early proposal from former Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt who saw the European Commission taking a leading role in a new economic government, something that would be opposed by the less integrationist states. Sarkozy's proposal was opposed by Eurogroup chair Jean-Claude Juncker who did not think Europe was ripe for such a large step at the time and opposition from Germany killed off the proposal. Merkel approved of the idea of an economic government, but for the whole of the EU, not just the eurozone as doing so could split the EU and relegate non-eurozone states to second class members.
In his 2011 State of the Union address, Commission President José Manuel Barroso opposed the Franco-German intergovernmental plan, stating that community institutions should perform that role.

</doc>
<doc id="21533931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533931" title="Kujakowice Górne">
Kujakowice Górne

Kujakowice Górne () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kluczbork and north-east of the regional capital Opole.
The village is first mentioned in written records in 1253.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21533962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533962" title="Chudoba">
Chudoba

Chudoba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533967" title="Pahiatua Railway Station">
Pahiatua Railway Station

Pahiatua railway station is on the Wairarapa Linein New Zealand’s North Island. It was opened in May 1897, shortly before the line was opened to Woodville in December of that year. The station is from Pahiatua, in contrast to the original plans for the railway line to run through the town.
As Pahiatua is one of the more significant towns in the northern Wairarapa, the station was for many years one of the few staffed stations on the northern section of the line. Though passenger traffic ceased in 1988, the station continues to be the source of freight traffic thanks to the neighbouring dairy factory, and it is also the home of the Pahiatua Railcar Society.
History.
Operation.
Heyday: 1897–1908.
When the station opened, Pahiatua was served by mixed trains that had were extended as the railway made its way north. These trains provided the only passenger services to Pahiatua for the few months it took to complete the line through to Woodville.
At the time the Wairarapa Line was completed, the Wellington – Longburn line was owned and operated by the private Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company, meaning all government trains from Wellington ran via the Wairarapa, giving a status of some importance to stations like Pahiatua. The popular Napier Mail was diverted from its original Napier – Palmerston North route to run via the Wairarapa to Wellington, and became the main passenger service stopping at Pahiatua, supplementing the mixed trains that continued to run. This situation continued until 1908, after when the Wairarapa Line reverted to secondary line status.
Halcyon years: 1908–1988.
The Wellington and Manawatu Railway was purchased by the government in 1908, which had an effect on services provided in the Wairarapa, particularly the section of the line north of Masterton. Because of the lengthy and costly delays associated with the operation of the Rimutaka Incline, much freight traffic from the northern Wairarapa region was diverted north through Woodville and Palmerston North to the Main Trunk Line to Wellington. Mixed trains, however, continued to operate through Pahiatua.
Shortly after the nationalisation of the WMR line, the Napier Express was diverted from the Wairarapa Line to run through the Manawatu Gorge and down the former WMR line to Wellington. Thereafter, the main passenger service to stop at Pahiatua was its replacement, the Wairarapa Mail. A new passenger service was provided from 1936 with the introduction of the Wairarapa-class railcars, which supplemented and later replaced the Wairarapa Mail in 1948. The Wairarapa railcars were replaced after the opening of the Rimutaka Tunnel in 1955 by 88-seater twinset railcars, which provided the main passenger service for Pahiatua for the next 22 years. The 1959 railcar timetable shows two north-bound and two south-bound railcar services stopping daily, with a third service on Fridays. During the railcar period, locomotive-hauled carriage trains were occasionally provided when demand exceeded the capacity of the railcars, and replaced railcar services altogether in 1977.
After the railcar services were withdrawn, patronage of passenger services on the northern section of the Wairarapa Line gradually declined. Demand finally reached a point where the service was no longer economical, and the Palmerston North – Masterton – Wellington and return service was withdrawn from 1 August 1988. This move led to the closure of Pahiatua station to passengers, though it remained open for goods traffic.
Facilities.
Original station: 1897.
The Engineer-in-Chief of the Public Works Department reported in his annual statement of 31 March 1896 that the formation of the Wairarapa Line between Newman and Woodville was nearly complete. A little more than a year later, on 3 May 1897, Pahiatua station was opened (it is not recorded whether any special ceremony or celebration was held to mark the occasion) with the Newman – Pahiatua section. Pahiatua was not long the terminus, as the section from Pahiatua to Mangatainoka opened on 2 August, and to Woodville on 11 December.
The original station building was the standard (“Special”) Class 2 design using wood and corrugated iron as building materials, as was common for stations serving towns similar to Pahiatua at the time. Facilities included a station building, platform, "cart-road to passenger platform", a goods shed, a loading bank, a crane, and cattle yards. The station building contained a ticket office and counter, a waiting room, a station master’s office, general staff office and amenities, and public amenities. A stationmaster’s house was also provided. A platform veranda was constructed in September 1900, and telegraph facilities were added in 1912.
The station was for many years without an adequate water supply, prompting the stationmaster to report on 10 February 1949 that there was nothing to fight fires with and to request that the locomotive water vats be modified so they could be used by the fire brigade if necessary. The public amenities were also considered to be inadequate, but it was not until the station was replaced that modern ablution facilities were provided.
Alterations were made to the station building as changing requirements necessitated them. However, insufficient attention seems to have been paid to routine maintenance, and action was often taken in response to complaints from the public. In 1957 a remodelling plan was proposed, which was expected to remedy all of the major maintenance issues at a cost of £2530. It was not until 1963 that money was set aside for the renovations in the working estimates, by which time the District Engineer was in favour of replacing the building. The old station building was painted, and it was planned to set aside money for the new building in the 1967 working estimates.
Replacement station: 1971.
The new railway station was completed by Railways staff at a cost of $20,000 in 1971. The building, on concrete foundations, had weatherboard cladding and an aluminium roof, and contained a general office, stationmaster’s office, a waiting room, booking office, and public amenities in of space. The platform and yard fences were replaced as part of the project. It was expected that a new goods shed and loading shelter would be added in the future. The signals and communications equipment was housed in a separate building. This was one of the last wooden station buildings of its type erected by the Railways Department before it switched to more modern materials.
Arrangements were made in January and February for the official opening ceremony, for which the dates of 10 March and 17 March were initially proposed. The Ways and Works Branch were requested to have the old station building removed and the site tidied up prior to this time. The date of the ceremony was later moved to 31 March, and members of the public were invited to attend.
Prime Minister Sir Keith Holyoake officially opened the station, with around 100 guests and members of the public in attendance. Special guests included Colonel W. R. Burge, son of Pahiatua’s first stationmaster; past station masters, including J. Weston; W. W. Day, chairman of the Pahiatua County Council; T. M. Small, Deputy General Manager of the Railways; and the mayor, J. L. Terry. A bronze plaque had been ordered to mark the occasion, which was unveiled by the Prime Minister, and read:
After the ceremony, the official party and invited guests repaired to the Club Hotel for afternoon tea.
Today.
Pahiatua is the only operational station between Masterton and Woodville. As well as being the base of operations for the Pahiatua Railcar Society and the premises from which they operate their railway museum, it is used as required to marshal freight trains when wagons are collected from the neighbouring dairy factory. The station is owned by KiwiRail, with the Pahiatua Railcar Society being a lessee.
Several facilities have been retained or added at the site, both original and more modern. The 1971 station building remains, as does the original goods shed. The railcar society has erected its own buildings to support its various functions, including a Railcar Storage Shed and Workshop (2001), and a Rolling Stock Storage Shelter (June 2002). As well as the main line, there are two loops and several sidings serving the railcar shed, goods shed, and rolling stock storage shelter.
For seven years from 27 November 1988, the northern section of the Wairarapa Line was effectively mothballed, with no trains scheduled through Pahiatua. Congestion on the Wellington – Palmerston North section of the NIMT led to the rescheduling of the Wellington – Napier freight services to run via the Wairarapa from 14 August 1995. Following the daylighting of Tunnels 3, 4, 5 on the Palmerston North - Gisborne Line in Q3 2008, and thus the removal of the impediment to running hi-cube containers through the Manawatu Gorge, the Wellington – Napier freight services were diverted to their original route from late 2008.
With the completion of an upgrade at Fonterra's Mangamutu Dairy Factory, including the installation of a new milk powder drier and railway siding, trains will no longer be required to transport milk from Pahiatua to Fonterra's Hawera facility for further processing. However, trains will still be used to transport processed dairy product.

</doc>
<doc id="21533969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533969" title="Sql insertion">
Sql insertion

SQL Insertion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21533971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21533971" title="Protestantism in Saudi Arabia">
Protestantism in Saudi Arabia

Protestantism is a small minority faith in overwhelmingly Muslim Saudi Arabia. 
The number of adherents of Protestantism is estimated at above 100,000, even though many of them are unaffiliated. 
Protestants are not allowed to be in Mecca.

</doc>
<doc id="21534003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534003" title="Edward Gibson (disambiguation)">
Edward Gibson (disambiguation)

Edward Gibson (born 1936) is a former NASA astronaut.
Edward Gibson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21534011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534011" title="Square Pegs (Hong Kong TV series)">
Square Pegs (Hong Kong TV series)

Square Pegs (Traditional Chinese: 戇夫成龍) was a Hong Kong television series 2003. The program's title is an abbreviated reference to the English idiomatic phrase "square peg in a round hole." 
The series was the runaway success of 2003, commanding a viewership of 3.5 million or roughly half of Hong Kong's population during the last week of its broadcast, and breaking TVB's ten-year ratings record. It also went on to win four awards for its two lead actors in the TVB 36th Anniversary Awards, and made both Roger Kwok and Jessica Hsuan household names in the territory.
Synopsis.
Choi Fong (Jessica Hsuan) is the eldest daughter of the Ling family that includes her oft-absent father, stepmother and stepsister Choi Dip (Leila Tong). Like Cinderella, she undertakes all the housework, does the grocery shopping, cooks for the family, and prevents her father's antique collection from falling prey to her stepmother's gambling appetite.
One day, Mrs. Ling's vice finally catches up with her and to pay a particular debt, Choi Dip is consigned to marry the village idiot Ding Seung Wong or Ah Wong (Roger Kwok), who is about as intelligent as an eight-year old. Unwilling to commit her real daughter to a life of misery, Mrs. Ling arranges a double wedding and switches the brides so that Choi Fong ends up marrying Ah Wong, while Choi Dip marries Bao Gai Zong (Raymond Cho), the scion of the wealthy Bao family. And so begins Choi Fong's merry schemes to escape from her marriage with Ah Wong who, to her consternation, takes an immediate liking to her and clings to her like sticky biscuit dough.
After several failed attempts evading her fate, Choi Fong gradually resigns herself to play Ah Wong's "lou por jai" or "little wife". One day, a strange girl Yeung Pui Kwan (Winnie Yeung) arrives in town and claims Ah Wong for her fiancé. Choi Fong soon learns that Ah Wong was actually a bright young man and the real heir of the Bao family who inexplicably disappeared two years ago, only to reappear with an IQ of an eight-year old.
Hoping to return Ah Wong to his rightful babysitter as soon as possible, Choi Fong agrees to help Pui Kwan get to the root of the mystery. So the girls embark on a campaign to expose the bogus Bao Gai Zong, reinstate Ah Wong as the rightful heir, and help him regain his memory. But just as Ah Wong begins to show signs of recovery, Choi Fong realises to her dismay that she has fallen for him...

</doc>
<doc id="21534016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534016" title="Scutigeridae">
Scutigeridae

Scutigeridae is a family of centipedes. It includes most of the species known as house centipedes, including "Scutigera coleoptrata" and "Allothereua maculata". It includes the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="21534041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534041" title="Bruny, Poland">
Bruny, Poland

Bruny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="21534046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534046" title="National Taiwan University Sports Center">
National Taiwan University Sports Center

National Taiwan University Sports Center (traditional Chinese: 台大綜合體育館) is a major multi-purpose indoor arena in National Taiwan University, Taipei City, Taiwan. It was built by and is now managed by National Taiwan University. The sports center has 4,200 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="21534054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534054" title="ASEAN–Australia Development Cooperation Program">
ASEAN–Australia Development Cooperation Program

The ASEAN–Australia Development Cooperation Program (AADCP or AADCP II) is a seven-year program which jointly managed by ASEAN Secretariat and the Australian Agency for International Development (AusAID – aimed to helping ASEAN establish a regional Economic Community by 2015.
History.
AADCP's precursor, a program called the ASEAN-Australia Economic Cooperation Program (AAECP), was founded in 1974. AADCP can be seen as a next phase of regional cooperation between Australia and Southeast Asia. The program was established after the membership of Burma (Myanmar), Cambodia and Lao PDR into the bloc. Planning for the new agency initially began in 1999 while its operations were scheduled to begin in 2005. During August 2002, Australia signed a Memorandum of Understanding with ASEAN committing A$45 million to the next phase.
Function.
The purpose of AACDP is to promote cooperation between Australia and ASEAN in areas of agreed regional development priorities. It is funded by Australia's overseas aid agency, AusAID, a principal foreign aid management agency of the Australian government, supervised by the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. It was continued to keep pace with economic progress in Southeast Asia and to promote the strong relations between ASEAN and Australia. Offices of AADCP are located in Jakarta.

</doc>
<doc id="21534058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534058" title="DANICS">
DANICS

The term D.A.N.I.C.S refers to the "Delhi, Andaman Nicobar Island Civil Services", which is a service in India, mainly administering Delhi and the Union territories of India.
Selection Criteria.
For selection into DANICS, one has to qualify the Civil Services Exam, which is held every year at the notified dates. After qualifying with good rank, one can get the DANICS Service depending on vacant seats.
Postings of DANICS Officers.
Mainly after the training period of two years, D.A.N.I.C.S officers are initially posted as Assistant Collector (District Administration, Delhi) or Sub.Divisional Magistrates.On deputation in the Autonomous Bodies of Delhi like MCD, NDMC, DDA etc. or as Deputy Secretary in different Ministries of Delhi Government. After attaining seniority, they get promotion into Senior Grades (JAG-I and JAG-II/SAG) and get Induction into IAS (AGMUT Cadre).
Concept to DANICS.
The concept of the posting of DANICS officers is also very important. They usually are similar in rank with the State Civil Services officers, but some how higher since they are controlled by Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India,which is the actual Cadre Controlling Authority for DANICS. They are regulated by the Delhi Government on the recommendation of the respective Governor/Administrator/ Lieutenant Governor of that Union Territory.Officers start up with a rank of Under Secretary and rise up to the rank of Secretary in State Government. 

</doc>
<doc id="21534065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534065" title="Proto.in">
Proto.in

Proto.in is an Indian start-up event platform which had its first edition in January 2007. The platform was started by Chennai based not-for profit body The Knowledge Foundation with entrepreneur Vijay Anand as its curator and founder. The Knowledge Foundation is a not-for profit knowledge dissemination body which has had multiple events in Chennai including Blog Camp, Bar Camp, Wikicamp (inaugurated by Jimmy Wales) and Pod Works.
Since its first event in Jan 2007, Proto.in has had 8 editions across the cities of Chennai, New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune. 
The sole focus and objective of the event is to showcase 15 of the most innovative start-ups in the country and provide them with a platform in front of an audience of investors, entrepreneurs and customers alike.
Event Format.
The event format is centered around the 'Showcase'. This is where 15 start-ups take the stage one by one and demo their products for 6 minutes each. The start-ups are generally slotted into categories - some of the popular ones in the previous editions of Proto.in have been Internet, Software, Mobile and Outliers which generally contains start-ups from a myriad set of sectors.
Event Locations.
The event has been held in 7 different locations across the 5 cities of Chennai, New Delhi, Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai. It's always had a very strong link with the Academic community. The first 2 editions of Proto.in were held at IIT Madras. The 4th edition was held at IIT New Delhi, the 7th edition was held at IIT Bombay and the 8th edition was held at the Great Lakes Institute of Management in Chennai.
Nomination Process.
The nomination process is one where a start-up needs to complete a nomination form that can be filled on the site. Start-ups are then evaluated on the basis of a broad set of criteria. The nomination panel is one which includes eminent individuals from the field including start-up evangelists, entrepreneurs, Proto.in alumni and investors.
Support Partners.
Proto.in has had a broadbase of knowledge partners, mentors and advisors. NASSCOM and TiE have been Knowledge Partners of Proto.in right from the platform's inception. The event has been supported and sponsored by a broad base of partners including the likes of Rediff.com, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Airtel, Cisco and Sequoia Capital. Sequoia Capital has been the event platform's platinum sponsor for its last 2 editions.
Notable alumni.
From the platform's inception, approximately 150 start-ups have showcased themselves at Proto.in over its last four years. Out of the total 150 start-ups that have showcased themselves at the event, research suggests that at least 35 have shut down or have merged to form another entity. 25 have raised funding of some form. 
Some of the notable alumni are the following:
Team.
Under the TKF Umbrella - Proto.in is currently headed by Sudhir Syal who is also the Editor and Co-Anchor of the Starting Up show on ET NOW, the most watched show on the start-up community in India. Sudhir previously managed the strategic alliances for Sulekha.com. Before the recently concluded Chennai edition (July 2011), the event was co-headed both by Sudhir and by IIT Madras Graduate Ravi Shankar. Both Sudhir and Ravi have been a part of the core founding team of Proto.in and have been closely involved with the growth of Proto.in. Sudhir has also been the anchor of the event for the last 4 editions and has headed the nomination panel for its last 3 editions. 
Till the Bangalore edition of Proto.in (Jan 2009), the event was led by Vijay Anand.Till recently, Vijay Anand was the head of the RTBI incubator at IIT Madras. Today he runs the Startup Centre, a hub + accelerator for the Indian start-up community.
Most recently for the 8th edition of Proto.in Chennai. John Verbic, former Global Co-Head, ING Private Equity Group joined the core Proto.in team and served as Chief Mentor for the event.
Praise.
Proto.in has been acknowledged as the best platform for start-ups in the country by a broad range of entrepreneurs and investor in the country ranging from Vishal Gondal, the founder of Indiagames.com to Naveen Tewari, the founder of global mobile advertising firm InMobi. In his keynote address at Proto.in Delhi in 2008, Kiran Karnik then Chairman of Nasscom referred to Proto.in as the Nasscom for product start-ups in the country. Proto.in has also played an active role in mentoring other start-up support organizations like Bar Camp and Open Coffee Club.
Criticism.
In the past Proto.in has received criticism for backing only hi-tech product start-ups with a big focus only on web and social media. This perception has changed substantially over its last 3 editions with a deeper focus, they now have a more transparent nomination process. Over the last few editions the focus has also shifted to start-ups in categories like social enterprises, with a strong focus on technology enabled social enterprises. 
There has also been criticism in terms of the Rs.10,000 nomination fee. Start-ups have found that its a high price to pay, they also believe that there is a conflict when a start-up is first selected and then made to make a payment.
Proto.in's defence has always been the same - they would like to have a start-up to have skin in the game and take the event seriously. Unlike other events, Proto.in is the only one where start-ups are provided free boarding, lodging and a stall. In Proto.in's opinion, the actual cost it incurs per start-up is Rs.50,000

</doc>
<doc id="21534082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534082" title="College of Guienne">
College of Guienne

The Collège of Guienne was a school founded in 1533 in Bordeaux. The "collège" became renowned for the teaching of liberal arts between the years 1537 and 1571, attracting students such as Michel de Montaigne.
History.
In 1533, the "Jurade" of Bordeaux (City council equivalent) called teachers from Flanders and from Paris to create the College de Guyenne. In 15 July 1534 André de Gouveia, then rector of the University of Paris for the college of arts (liberal arts), was invited to be principal and was given full freedom to modernize the old college according to the Renaissance humanism ideals. 
The Collège of Guienne had Latin studies, and introduction to Ancient Greek and Hebrew - like the contemporary Collège de France - On arrival, Gouveia proclaimed that he would not recognize differences of creed in staff and pupils, many of whom showed sympathy to the new doctrines of the Protestant Reformation. 
There, in 1539, Gouveia welcomed George Buchanan, appointing him professor of Latin. Gouveia's stay at the College de Guyenne lasted until 1547, attracting students like Michel de Montaigne, who later in his "Essays" described Gouveia as " ...behind comparison the greatest principal in France." The fame of the teaching -mainly grammar, classical literature, history and philosophy - was such that, in 1552, Italian scholar and physician Julius Caesar Scaliger sent his sons to the college, including Joseph Justus Scaliger. 
The regulations of the Collège de Guyenne were published by Elie Vinet in 1583 under the title "Schola Aquitanica".

</doc>
<doc id="21534096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534096" title="Jacques Faure (French Army officer)">
Jacques Faure (French Army officer)

Jacques Marie Alfred Gaston Faure (2 March 1904 – 9 April 1988) was a French Army general and skier. He was the leader of the French national Olympic military patrol team in 1936 which placed sixth and in 1961 one of the masterminds of the Algiers putsch.
Biography.
Jacques Faure was born on 2 March 1904 in Bordeaux, Gironde department. He was the son of colonel that was killed during World War I and grandson of a general. During his service in the army he was a chasseurs alpins soldier and a paratrooper. He passed the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr (ESM). In October 1927 he joined the 13th Chasseurs Alpins Battalion in Chambéry, where he became leader of a ski reconnaissance platoon from 1930 to 1931, and afterwards Capitaine. Meanwhile he visited the high mountain school École de Haute Montagne (EHM) in Chamonix in 1930. From 1932 to 1938 he was commander of the French military ski team, and was French Champion in military skiing the same years. During this period he led the Olympic team in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. In 1938 he was transferred to the general staff of the 64th Alpine Division.
World War II.
During World War II he was attaché in the General Staff of the High Mountain Brigade from 1939 to 1940 under command of Émile Béthouart, who was expedition corps leader in the Narvik, Norway. After the Second Armistice at Compiègne he was transferred to London, Great Britain, and afterwards General Charles de Gaulle ordered him back to France, where he served at the ESM Saint-Cyr. In 1940 he was co-founder of the Jeunesse et Montagne (JM), a youth organization of the French Air Force. From November 1940 to 1942 he was stationed in Morocco, afterwards until March 1943 in Algiers, Algeria. Back to Europe, he served as deputy commander of the 1st Parachute Chasseur Regiment (1er RCP) in Italy. In the autumn of 1944 he became Lieutenant-colonel and commander of the 1er RCP, then deployed in the Vosges Mountains until February 1945.
After the war he served in the General Staff of the French Army until 1946, where he was head of the airmobile forces section, and afterwards department chef 3. Advanced to Colonel in October 1946, he became commander of the 25th Airmobile Division. From 1952 to 1953 he served as military governor in the general staff in Vienna, occupied Austria, followed by a deployment in the general staff of the HQ Allied Forces Central Europe (AFCENT) in Fontainebleau after October 1953. In the rank of Général de Brigade, he was commander of the École d'Application d'Infanterie de Saint-Maixent (former infantry school) after 1954 and also commander of the high mountain school EHM in Chamonix. He became the first president of the "Commission Armées Jeunesse" (CAJ; "Commission Youth Armies"), which was official founded by the French defence minister in 1955.
In September 1956 he was ordered again to Algeria.
Algerian War.
During the Algerian War he was commanding general of the 27th Mountain Infantry Brigade in Kabylie after 1956, and chief of staff of the French Army Corps Command in Algiers. Meanwhile he was promoted to Général de Division.
In Algeria he planned a coup de main against the French government in North Africa and talked about it with his friend Paul Teitgen. The French General Governor Robert Lacoste should be captured during an inspection trip and General Raoul Salan should become military and civilian governor of Algeria. The plan was betrayed and could not be realized. Faure was captured in 1956, was transferred to Paris, and was sentenced in January 1957 to thirty days of arrest in the barracks of La Courneuve. Faure was one of the masterminds of the later putsch and was sentenced to ten years of prison in 1961, although he stood in Paris during the realization. In 1968 he was pardoned and released from prison, got back his rank in 1974, was political rehabilitated in 1982, and was made honor member of the Secours de France in 1986. Two years later, he died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21534114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534114" title="Ozothamnus ferrugineus">
Ozothamnus ferrugineus

Ozothamnus ferrugineus (Tree Everlasting) is a shrub or small tree, native to the states of New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania in Australia. It grows to between 2 and 5 metres in height.

</doc>
<doc id="21534126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534126" title="Motown Chartbusters">
Motown Chartbusters

Tamla Motown Logo
Motown Logo
Motown Chartbusters are a series of compilation albums first released by EMI under licence on the Tamla Motown label in Britain. In total, 12 editions were released in the UK between 1967 and 1982. The first two (volume 1 and volume 2) were originally called British Motown Chartbusters; after this they used the title "Motown Chartbusters".
Background.
Early Motown Records releases in Britain were not on the Motown label, but were issued on the London, Fontana, Oriole and EMI's Stateside labels. Motown's first number 1 in Britain was "Baby Love" by The Supremes, released on the Stateside label. "Where Did Our Love Go" by The Supremes, and "My Guy" by Mary Wells were amongst other big hits at the time, also released on the Stateside label. The first release on the Tamla Motown label was "Stop In The Name Of Love" by The Supremes, in March 1965.
By 1964, Motown had enough British hits under its belt for EMI to release a greatest hits album, "A Collection of Tamla Motown Big Hits". Over the next few years, several more compilations were released, including six in the series "16 Original Big Hits". In 1967, the label issued the first of the "Motown Chartbusters" series. Although the series mainly comprised hit singles by various Motown artists, they also included other recordings that had not been hits in Britain. Many significant single hits were excluded from the series. Later albums in the series failed to include any of the top ten singles achieved by Stevie Wonder, or any of his releases. Minor hits were sometimes included in place of bigger hits, most notably for the Jackson 5 and Michael Jackson.
The original albums were made by EMI under licence from Motown. EMI also made 8 track recordings of the early releases. In total, 12 editions were released in the UK, spanning 15 years from 1967 to 1982. All 12 were Top 30 UK chart entries, the second volume of British Motown Chartbusters hit No. 8 in January 1970, in the same year Volume 3 spent six weeks at the No. 2 position, before reaching No. 1. In 1971 Volume 5 went to No. 2 and, in 1973, Volume 8 went to No. 9. The series was the most successful set of compilation albums in terms of sales until the release of the "Now That's What I Call Music" series began in the mid-1980s. A compilation album, "Now That's What I Call Motown" was released on the Universal Motown label.
They were re-issued from 1997 by the budget label, Spectrum. The clear differences between the two releases are the logos on the disc and cover, the original release has the Tamla Motown logo; the re-release has the Motown logo.
After their success in the UK, Motown went on to release different variants in other counties such as the United States and Australia. There were also various other forms released on the same type of platform such as "Motown Chartbusters", "150 Hits of Gold" and boxed sets.
"British Motown Chartbusters".
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 1".
First released in October 1967 as British Motown Chartbusters.
It was re-released on the Spectrum label, and renamed Motown Chartbusters Volume 1
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 2".
First released in November 1968 as British Motown Chartbusters Volume 2.
It was re-released on the Spectrum label, and renamed Motown Chartbusters Volume 2
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 3".
First released in November 1969.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 4".
First released in October 1970.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 5".
First released in April 1971.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 6".
First released in October 1971.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
The Temptations track "It's Summer" had not made the UK singles chart.
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 7".
First released in November 1972.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 8".
First released in October 1973. Michael Jackson's track "Morning Glow" had not made the UK charts. Two top ten hits by the Jackson 5 (Lookin' Through The Window & Doctor, My Eyes) were excluded in favor of two lesser J5 hits.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 9".
First released in October 1974.
The Diana Ross & Marvin Gaye track "My Mistake Was To Love You" had not made the UK singles chart, but was included in place of "Stop, Look, Listen To Your Heart", which had reached #25. The Jackson 5 track "Dancing Machine" also failed to chart.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 10".
First released in November 1979.
Some of the later releases were stamped in red vinyl.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 11".
First released in December 1980 as "Motown Chartbusters '80". Renamed for CD release later.
An album also called Motown Chartbusters '80 was released in the same year on the Astor label (6264 187) in Australia. It had the exact track listing as Motown Chartbusters Volume 11. The cover was almost identical, with just minor changes.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"Motown Chartbusters Volume 12".
First released in July 1982.
Track Listing (inc UK singles chart positions)
"United States Motown Chartbusters".
Three years later after the first release of British Motown Chartbusters, Motown released a series called “Motown Chartbusters" on the Motown label in the United States. This consisted of only five albums which had completely different track listings to the UK releases.
Another difference was the number of tracks per album, the UK version consisted of 16 to 18 tracks, whereas the US version only had 12 tracks.
"US - Motown Chartbusters Volume 1".
First released in December 1970.
Track Listing
1. Try It Baby - Marvin Gaye
2. (I Know) I'm Losing You - Temptations
3. (I'm A) Road Runner - Jr. Walker & All Stars
4. You're All I Need To Get By - Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell
5. Mickey's Monkey - Smokey Robinson & Miracles
6. Back In My Arms Again - Diana Ross & Supremes
7. Blowin' in the Wind - Stevie Wonder
8. You've Made Me So Very Happy - Brenda Holloway
9. I'm Ready For Love - Martha Reeves & Vandellas
10. Ooo Baby Baby - Smokey Robinson & Miracles
11.. Danger Heartbreak Dead Ahead - Marvelettes
12. It's Growing - Temptations
"US - Motown Chartbusters Volume 2".
First released in October 1970.
Track Listing
1. Bernadette - Four Tops
2. My Baby - Temptations
3. Come See About Me - Diana Ross & Supremes
4. I Want You Back - Jackson 5
5. Nowhere To Run - Martha Reeves & Vandellas
6. Too Many Fish In The Sea - Marvelettes
7. More Love - Smokey Robinson & Miracles
8. Everybody Needs Love - Gladys Knight & Pips
9. What Does It Take (To Win Your Love) - Jr. Walker & All Stars
10. I Wish It Would Rain - Temptations
11. Hitch Hike - Marvin Gaye
12. This Old Heart Of Mine (Is Weak For You) - Isley Brothers
"US - Motown Chartbusters Volume 3".
First released in May 1971.
Track Listing
1. Up The Ladder To The Roof - Supremes
2. Gotta Hold On To This Feeling - Jr. Walker & All Stars
3. It's All In The Game - Four Tops
4. For Once In My Life - Stevie Wonder
5. Baby I'm For Real - Originals
6. It's A Shame - Spinners
7. Love Child - Diana Ross & Supremes
8. ABC - Jackson Five
9. Psychedelic Shack - Temptations
10. Friendship Train - Gladys Knight & Pips
11. Honey Child - Martha Reeves & Vandellas
12. Twenty-Five Miles - Edwin Starr
"US - Motown Chartbusters Volume 4".
First released in May 1971.
Track Listing
1. The Love You Save - Jackson 5
2. You Need Love Like I Do (Don't You) - Gladys Knight & Pips
3. Do You See My Love (For You Growing) - Jr. Walker & All Stars
4. I Can't Get Next To You - Temptations
5. Too Busy Thinking About My Baby - Marvin Gaye
6. War - Edwin Starr
7. Someday We'll Be Together - Diana Ross & Supremes
8. The Tears Of A Clown - Smokey Robinson
9. My Whole World Ended (The Moment You Left Me) - David Ruffin
10.Signed Sealed Delivered I'm Yours - Stevie Wonder
11. Still Water (Love) - Four Tops
12. The Bells - The Originals
"US - Motown Chartbusters Volume 5".
First released in December 1971.
Track Listing
1. I'll Be There - Jackson 5
2. I Was Made To Love Her - Stevie Wonder
3. Everybody's Got The Right To Love - Supremes
4. These Eyes - Jr. Walker & All Stars
5. Ain't Nothing Like The Real Thing - Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell
6. River Deep-Mountain High - Supremes & Four Tops
7. Ain't No Mountain High Enough - Diana Ross
8. I Second That Emotion - Smokey Robinson & Miracles
9. It's A Shame - Spinners
10. Ball Of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today) - Temptations
11. Does Your Mama Know About Me - Bobby Taylor & the Vancouvers
12. I Love You Madly - The Fantastic Four
"Boxed sets".
"Original British released boxed sets".
Motown Chartbusters boxed set Volumes 1-3 "Contains Vol 1 - 3"
Motown Chartbusters boxed set Volumes 4-6 "Contains Vol 4 - 6"
Motown Chartbusters boxed set Volumes 1-6 "Contains Vol 1 - 6"
Motown Chartbusters boxed set Volumes 7-12 "Contains Vol 7 - 12"
"Motown Chartbusters 150 Hits of gold".
First released in 1985.
Track Listing
Volume 1
1. Mary Wells - My Guy 
2. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Where Did Our Love Go 
3. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Baby Love 
4. Martha Reeves And The Vandellas - Nowhere To Run 
5. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Stop! In The Name Of Love 
6. Stevie Wonder - Uptight (Everything's Alright) 
7. Four Tops - Loving You Is Sweeter Than Ever 
8. The Temptations - Ain't Too Proud To Beg 
9. Jr Walker And The All Stars - How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You) 
10. Diana Ross And The Supremes - You Can't Hurry Love 
11. Four Tops - Reach Out I'll Be There 
12. The Temptations - Beauty Is Only Skin Deep 
13. Jimmy Ruffin - What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted 
14. Diana Ross And The Supremes - You Keep Me Hangin' On 
15. Martha Reeves And The Vandellas - I'm Ready For Love 
16. The Temptations - (I Know) I'm Losing You 
17. Stevie Wonder - A Place In The Sun 
18. Four Tops - Standing In The Shadows Of Love 
19. Marvin Gaye And Kim Weston - It Takes Two 
20. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Love Is Here And Now You're Gone 
Volume 2
1. Four Tops - Bernadette 
2. Martha Reeves And The Vandellas - Jimmy Mack 
3. Diana Ross And The Supremes - The Happening 
4. Four Tops - 7 Rooms Of Gloom 
5. Gladys Knight And The Pips - Take Me In Your Arms And Love Me 
6. Stevie Wonder - I Was Made To Love Her 
7. The Marvelettes - When You're Young And In Love 
8. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Reflections 
9. Stevie Wonder - I'm Wondering 
10. Diana Ross And The Supremes - In And Out Of Love 
11. Four Tops - Walk Away Renee 
12. R Dean Taylor - Gotta See Jane 
13. Four Tops - If I Were A Carpenter 
14. Marvin Gaye And Tammi Terrell - You're All I Need To Get By 
15. Four Tops - Yesterday's Dreams 
16. Isley Brothers - This Old Heart Of Mine (Is Weak For You) 
17. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Love Child 
18. Stevie Wonder - For Once In My Life 
19. Edwin Starr - Stop Her On Sight (S.O.S.) 
20. Isley Brothers - I Guess I'll Always Love You 
Volume 3 
1. Martha Reeves And The Vandellas - Dancing In The Street 
2. Marvin Gaye And Tammi Terrell - You Ain't Livin' Till You're Lovin' 
3. Mary Johnson - I'll Pick A Rose For My Rose 
4. Diana Ross And The Supremes And The Temptations - I'm Gonna Make You Love Me 
5. Marvin Gaye - I Heard It Through The Breakdown 
6. The Temptations - Get Ready 
7. Stevie Wonder - Don't Know Why I Love You 
8. Jr Walker And The All Stars - (I'm A) Road Runner 
9. Isley Brothers - Behind A Painted Smile 
10. Diana Ross And The Supremes - I'm Livin' In Shame 
11. Smokey Robinson And The Miracles - The Tracks Of My Tears 
12. Four Tops - What Is A Man 
13. Stevie Wonder - My Cherie Amour 
14. Marvin Gaye - Too Busy Thinking About My Baby 
15. The Temptations - Cloud Nine 
16. Isley Brothers - Put Yourself In My Place 
17. Diana Ross And The Supremes And The Temptations - I Second That Emotion 
18. Four Tops - Do What You Gotta Do 
19. Jr Walker And The All Stars - What Does It Take 
20. Stevie Wonder - Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday 
Volume 4 
1. Diana Ross And The Supremes - Someday We'll Be Together 
2. Marvin Gaye And Tammi Terrell - The Onion Song 
3. The Temptations - I Can't Get Next To You 
4. Jackson 5 - I Want You Back 
5. Jimmy Ruffin - Farewell Is A Lonely Sound 
6. Four Tops - I Can't Help Myself 
7. Stevie Wonder - Never Had A Dream Come True 
8. The Supremes - Up The Ladder To The Roof 
9. Jackson 5 - A B C 
10. Marvin Gaye - Abraham, Martin And John 
11. Four Tops - It's All In The Game 
12. Jimmy Ruffin - I'll Say Forever My Love 
13. Stevie Wonder - Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours 
14. Jackson 5 - The Love You Save 
15. Smokey Robinson And The Miracles - The Tears Of A Clown 
16. Diana Ross - Ain't No Mountain High Enough 
17. The Temptations - Ball Of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today) 
18. Four Tops - Still Water (Love) 
19. Jimmy Ruffin - It's Wonderful (To Be Loved By You) 
20. Edwin Starr - War 
Volume 5 
1. Jackson 5 - I'll Be There 
2. Detroit Spinners - It's A Shame 
3. The Supremes - Stoned Love 
4. Smokey Robinson And The Miracles - (Come Round Here) I'm The One You Need 
5. Martha Reeves And The Vandellas - Forget Me Not 
6. Diana Ross - Remember Me 
7. R Dean Taylor - Indiana Wants Me 
8. The Elgins - Heaven Must Have Sent You 
9. Smokey Robinson And The Miracles - I Don't Blame You At All 
10. The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me) 
11. The Supremes And Four Tops - River Deep - Mountain High 
12. Diana Ross - I'm Still Waiting 
13. The Supremes - Nathan Jones 
14. Four Tops - Simple Game 
15. Diana Ross - Surrender 
16. Stevie Wonder - If You Really Love Me 
17. Michael Jackson - Got To Be There 
18. The Supremes - Floy Joy 
Volume 6 
1. The Temptations - Take A Look Around 
2. Diana Ross - Doobedood'ndoobe, Doobedood'ndoobe, Doobedood'ndoo 
3. Michael Jackson - Rockin' Robin 
4. The Supremes - Automatically Sunshine 
5. Michael Jackson - Ain't No Sunshine 
6. Jr Walker And The All Stars - Walk In The Night 
7. Jackson 5 - Lookin' Through The Windows 
8. Michael Jackson - Ben 
9. Gladys Knight And The Pips - Help Me Make It Through The Night 
10. The Temptations - Papa Was A Rollin' Stone 
11. Jackson 5 - Doctor My Eyes 
12. Jr Walker And The All Stars - Take Me Girl I'm Ready 
13. Gladys Knight And The Pips - The Look Of Love 
14. Jackson 5 - Hallelujah Day 
15. Diana Ross - Touch Me In The Morning 
16. Eddie Kendricks - Keep On Truckin' (Part 1) 
17. Diana Ross - All Of My Life 
18. Diana Ross And Marvin Gaye - You Are Everything 
Volume 7 
1. Commodores - Machine Gun 
2. R. Dean Taylor - There's A Ghost In My House 
3. Syreeta - Your Kiss Is Sweet 
4. Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons - The Night 
5. The Miracles - Love Machine (Part 1) 
6. David Ruffin - Walk Away From Love 
7. Diana Ross - Theme From Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To) 
8. Yvonne Fair - It Should Have Been Me 3:04 
9. Diana Ross - Love Hangover 
10. Thelma Houston - Don't Leave Me This Way 
11. Commodores - Easy 
12. Marvin Gaye - Got To Give It Up 
13. Commodores - Three Times A Lady 
14. Diana Ross - Gettin' Ready For Love 
15. Commodores - Sail On 
16. Billy Preston & Syreeta - With You I'm Born Again 
17. Commodores - Still 
18. Jermaine Jackson - Let's Get Seriou
Volume 8
1. Diana Ross - Upside Down 
2. Teena Marie - Behind The Groove 
3. Diana Ross - My Old Piano 
4. Diana Ross - I'm Coming Out 
5. Smokey Robinson - Being With You 
6. Diana Ross - It's My Turn 
7. Michael Jackson - One Day In Your Life 
8. Charlene - I've Never Been To Me 
9. Diana Ross & Lionel Richie - Endless Love 
10. Mary Jane Girls - All Night Long 
11. Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me 
12. Michael Jackson - Farewell My Summer Love 
13. The Dazz Band - Let It All Blow 
14. The Temptations - Treat Her Like A Lady 
15. Commodores - Nightshift 
16. DeBarge - Rhythm Of The Night 
Volume 9
1. Rick James - Glow 
2. Mary Jane Girls - In My House 
3. Maureen Steele - Save The Night For Me 
4. Michael Lovesmith - Break The Ice 
5. Rockwell - Peeping Tom 
6. Willie Hutch - Keep On Jammin' 
7. The Dazz Band - Hotspot 
8. The Four Tops - Sexy Ways 
9. DeBarge - Who's Holding Donna Now 
10. Dennis Edwards - Coolin' Out
"Other Motown Chartbusters".
This version was released on the Telstar label in 1986, it is not part of the original series.
Track Listing
1 The Supremes - You Keep Me Hangin' On
2 Martha and the Vandellas - Dancing in the Street 
3 The Isley Brothers - This Old Heart of Mine (Is Weak for You)
4 Marvin Gaye - I Heard it Through the Grapevine
5 Four Tops - Reach Out, I'll Be There 
6 Stevie Wonder - For Once in My Life 
7 Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell - The Onion Song 
8 Edwin Starr - War 
9 Smokey Robinson and The Miracles - The Tears of a Clown 
10 The Supremes - Baby Love 
11 Jimmy Ruffin - What Becomes of the Brokenhearted 
12 Jackson 5 - I'll Be There 
13 Mary Wells - My Guy 
14 The Supremes & The Temptations - I'm Gonna Make You Love Me 
15 Four Tops - Walk Away Renee 
16 Diana Ross and Lionel Richie - Endless Love 
17 Michael Jackson - Ben 
18 The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me)
19 Commodores - Still 
20 Diana Ross - I'm Still Waiting

</doc>
<doc id="21534127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534127" title="Bangriposi">
Bangriposi

Bangriposi is a town in Mayurbhanj district, Odisha, India.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 174 m from MSL.
Location.
National Highway 6 passes through Bangriposi.
The Small Town is full of green and beauty. The town is surround by Similipal National Forest . Famous Goddess maa Dwarasuni Pitho is situated here.

</doc>
<doc id="21534148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534148" title="Hong Kong Rhapsody">
Hong Kong Rhapsody

Hong Kong Rhapsody (花月良宵) is a 1968 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers musical film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.

</doc>
<doc id="21534151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534151" title="Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires">
Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires

The Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires () is a publicly owned Argentine bank and the second-largest in the nation, by value of assets and deposits.
History.
The progressive Governor of the Province of Buenos Aires, Martín Rodríguez proposed a meeting to study the feasibility of a provincial bank for the purpose of stabilizing the local economy wrecked by the Argentine War of Independence and the ensuing chaos. Presided by his Economy Minister, Manuel José García, the meeting was convened on January 15, 1822, and resulted in the creation of the "Banco de Buenos Ayres". The new institution became popularly known as the "Banco de Descuentos" ("Discount Bank") for its role as a source of credit to the myriad community banks in the mainly rural province of the time.
Becoming the first incorporation in Argentine history, its shareholders included local landowners, professionals, clergy, military and government officials, as well as British, French, German and Spanish nationals. Following the advent of Constitutional rule, the bank was reorganized in 1826 as the "Bank of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata" (as Argentina was known at the time), highlighting the new role of the institution as a national bank when the federal government acquired a stake. The first National Mint was subsequently opened there as an annex.
The rise of Federalist Juan Manuel de Rosas as Governor of Buenos Aires in 1829 put the bank at odds with the strongman's agenda, however, and it was rechartered as a provincial mint in 1836. Its hitherto central role in national finances was reduced to a retail bank branch on site. Following Rosas' 1852 overthrow, the institution was formally restored as a private incorporated bank in 1854 and in 1863, it was formally designated the "Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires", while retaining its ancillary function as a national and provincial mint. 
The 1882 establishment of the new provincial capital of La Plata led to the construction of a new headquarters. The bank's headquarters, located in La Plata, were inaugurated in 1886 and designed in a Renaissance Revival style by Juan Antonio Buschiazzo and Luis Viglione. Its main offices, however, are in the Buenos Aires financial district, and are located in a Rationalist building completed in 1942 and designed by Gregorio Sánchez, Ernesto Lagos, and Luis de la Torre.
The federal government regained a stake in the bank in 1906, amid a socio-economic boom. Following a number of international crises, however, President Juan Perón nationalized the bank in 1946, as part of his program of wholesale nationalizations of strategically important companies, and appointed Dr. Arturo Jauretche director. Jauretche reoriented the bank's lending policy away from its largely agrarian portfolio, and towards import substitution industrialization; following his death in 1974, the bank's Historical Museum was renamed in honor of the nationalist intellectual. 
Growing alongside the Argentine economy, the bank played an important role as a lifeline to employers and local governments during the 1980s, after the last dictatorship's economic policies saddled the economy with a lasting foreign debt crisis and malaise. Two of its former directors, Aldo Ferrer and Martín Lousteau, have also served as the nation's Ministers of the Economy. The bank today operates 342 branches and is Argentina's second-largest by deposits (holding US$10 billion, or, 8% of the total) and total assets, and the sixth-largest in lending with a US$5 billion loan portfolio (a 6% share).

</doc>
<doc id="21534168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534168" title="Merowe">
Merowe

Merowe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21534171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534171" title="Checkstyle">
Checkstyle

Checkstyle is a static code analysis tool used in software development for checking if Java source code complies with coding rules.
Advantages and limits.
The programming style adopted by a software development project can help to comply with good programming practices which improve the code quality, readability, re-usability, and reduce the cost of development. The performed checks mainly limit themselves to the presentation and don't analyze content, and do not confirm the correctness or completeness of the program. In practice, it can be tedious to comply with all the style constraints, some of which could possibly harm the programming stages' dynamic; so, it may be useful to determine which level of check is needed for a certain type of program.
Examples of available modules.
Checkstyle defines a set of available modules, each of which provides rules checking with a configurable level of strictness (mandatory, optional...). Each rule can raise notifications, warnings, and errors.
It permits to check for instance:
Usage.
Checkstyle is built in a JAR file which can run inside a Java VM or as an Apache Ant task. It can also integrate into an IDE or other tools.
A Checkstyle plug-in can provide new functionalities, like:
Thus, the developer can directly access to the code parts highlighted by Checkstyle.
History.
Checkstyle, originally developed by Oliver Burn back in 2001, is maintained by a team of several developers around the world.
The current stable release is version 5.7 which is targeted towards the Java 7 language.

</doc>
<doc id="21534177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534177" title="Djamel Mastouri">
Djamel Mastouri

Djamel Mastouri is a Paralympian athlete from France competing mainly in category T37 middle distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 800 metres - T37 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21534181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534181" title="Marcin Awiżeń">
Marcin Awiżeń

Marcin Awiżeń (born 1 November 1985) is a Paralympian athlete from Poland competing mainly in category T46 middle distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 800 metres - T46 event and finished fourth in the men's 1500 metres - T46 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21534183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534183" title="Samir Nouioua">
Samir Nouioua

Samir Nouioua (born 10 July 1985) is a Paralympian athlete from Algeria competing mainly in category T46 middle distance events.
He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 1500 metres - T46 event, a gold medal in the men's 5000 metres - T46 event and a silver medal in the men's 800 metres - T46 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 800 metres - T46 event and a bronze medal in the men's 1500 metres - T46 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534187" title="Abderrahman Ait Khamouch">
Abderrahman Ait Khamouch

Abderrahman Ait Khamouch (born November 9, 1986) is a Paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T46 middle distance and marathon events. Originally from Morocco, he emigrated to Spain and gained citizenship in August 2008. He has represented Spain at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics, winning silver in the 1,500 meters and bronze in the 800 meters in 2008, and silver in the marathon in 2012.
Personal.
Ait Khamouch was born on November 9, 1986. He was born in Morocco. He is the second youngest child in is family. He has an arm amputation, as a result of a fall when he was a child that led to medical complications that later resulted in him getting gangrene. The doctors were left with little choice but to amputate his right arm almost at his shoulder.
As a minor, when Ait Khamouch was 15 years old, he tried to enter Spain illegally three times via boats from Laayoune to the Canary Islands. During these trips, he saw people die. He eventually got a boat to Fuerteventura and successfully entered Spain in 2001. From there, he traveled to Madrid and then on to Barcelona with friends via the train.
When Ait Khamouch first got work in Barcelona, he worked as an attendant at a parking lot because he spoke French. He got Spanish citizenship on August 25, 2008.
Ait Khamouch wrote an autobiography in Arabic titled "The Angel with the Crooked Wing." It was translated into Spanish. He speaks Spanish, French and Arabic.
In 2013, he was awarded the silver Real Orden al Mérito Deportivo.
Athletics.
Ait Khamouch is a Paralympic athlete competing mainly in category T46 middle distance and marathon events. His first athletics race was one organized by French tourists in his hometown in Morocco. He won the race, and the prize of a small blue truck. Following the race, he approached the Morocco Paralympic Committee about competing in athletics, but they rejected him citing a variety of factors. Following his arrival in Spain, he eventually took part in a race in Barcelona organized by El Corte Inglés in 2003 where his performance attracted attention and eventually coaching. He then competed in other races in the area. The Athletics Federation of Catalonia and others assisted in getting Ait Khamouch Spanish citizenship in time for him to represent Spain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
The first athletics club Ait Khamouch belonged to in Spain was the Athletic Club Nou Barris. In 2004, he participated the Spanish Paralympic national championships where he won a gold medal in the 800 meters. In 2005, he received a scholarship from the Spanish Paralympic Committee. In 2008, he trained at the Center for High Performance San Cugat (Barcelona). He qualified for and competed in the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships where he was one of thirty-two competitors representing Spain. In 2012, he was a recipient of a Plan ADO €2,500 coaching scholarship. He lost part of his Catalonian based scholarship a year and a half prior to this, a decision that Ait Khamouch labeled as politically motivated. In 2012, he set a world record in his classification at the Barcelona Marathon. In doing so, he also set a qualifying time in the event for the London Paralympics. That year, he also competed in the Barcelona half marathon where he set a personal best time. In July 2013, he participated in the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships. In November 2013, he competed in the Jean Bouin-Gran Premio Allianz race in Barcelona.
Paralympics.
Ait Khamouch competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 1500 metres — T46 event and a bronze medal in the men's 800 metres — T46 event. Four years later, he competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, Great Britain. There he won a silver medal in the men's marathon — T46 event. His medal at the 2008 Games was the first one Paralympic or Olympic medal won by some one from Ait Khamouch's hometown in Morocco. His parents were able to watch him win his medal on television in Morocco.
Ait Khamouch finished in second position at the London Paralympics in the T46 marathon event because he had a coughing fit with 400 meters left in the race. He was running with a cold.

</doc>
<doc id="21534200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534200" title="Chantal Strasser">
Chantal Strasser

Chantal Strasser (born March 21, 1978 in Zürich) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Switzerland. She competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="21534202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534202" title="Merowe, Sudan">
Merowe, Sudan

Merowe is a town in Northern State, Sudan, near Karima Town, about north of Khartoum. It is the site of the Merowe Dam project.
Transport.
Merowe is from Merowe Airport, and is served by a branch of the national railway network.

</doc>
<doc id="21534212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534212" title="Eugenio Garin">
Eugenio Garin

Eugenio Garin (May 9, 1909 – December 29, 2004) was an Italian philosopher and Renaissance historian. He was recognised as an authority on the cultural history of the Renaissance. Born at Rieti, Garin studied philosophy at the University of Florence, graduating in 1929, and after a period as professor of philosophy at the "licei scientifici di Palermo" and the University of Cagliari, Garin began teaching at his alma mater in 1949 until 1974, then moving to the Scuola Normale di Pisa until his retirement in 1984. He also was the editor of the journals "Rinascimento" and "Il Giornale Critico della Filosofia Italiana".

</doc>
<doc id="21534224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534224" title="Kirsten Gum">
Kirsten Gum

Kirsten Gum is an adventure traveler, sports commentator and raw food chef. She was also the host of the reality television series "Cash & Treasures" and "Treasure Hunter: Kirsten Gum" on the Travel Channel.
Early life and education.
Kirsten was born in Alaska but raised on an apple orchard in Okanogan, Washington, and attended the University of Washington, where she graduated from the Broadcast Journalism and Political Science schools.
Career.
Television.
After working as one-woman broadcast team in Jefferson City, Missouri, Gum landed her first on-air jobs as a news reporter and sportscaster in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and Fox 18 WCCB in Charlotte, North Carolina, where she was a news anchor and was voted "Sexiest Woman in Charlotte." She then went on to host the following television shows over a period that lasted nearly two decades: Fox Sports Net's "Totally NASCAR," ESPN’s "Outdoor Block," Outdoor Living Network’s Tour de France studio show (where she was the first-ever female host for the event), Travel Channel's "Treasure Hunter: Kirsten Gum", and Discovery HD Theater's "What's My Car Worth?" At one time, Gum was considered the most recognizable woman in sports commenting.
Raw Food Chef.
Gum currently works as a raw food chef, having received her certification from Living Light Raw Foods Culinary Institute in Fort Bragg, California. She has taught raw food instruction at the Japan Living Beauty Association, where she also sits on the board of directors.
Personal life.
In addition to covering sports, Gum has led an active life, coming in as part of the second-place team in Virginia's 400-mile adventure race the "Beast of the East" in October 2005. She went on to compete in Primal Quest, an expedition-length adventure race that has been called one of the most difficult athletic events in the world and was cited as the most prestigious expedition event in North America.
Gum is also an avid environmentalist.

</doc>
<doc id="21534232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534232" title="Adelaide–Wolseley railway">
Adelaide–Wolseley railway

The Adelaide–Wolseley railway is a standard gauge railway line in south eastern South Australia, Australia. Originally opened in the 1880s as a broad gauge link to connect Adelaide with Victoria and Melbourne, it was converted to standard gauge in 1995. Today it forms part of the Melbourne–Adelaide railway and serves as the principal interstate rail link between South Australia and Victoria.
Today the route sees mainly interstate freight traffic, as well as irregular intrastate grain freight services from the branch lines to Pinnaroo and Tookayerta. The Overland is the only scheduled passenger service to operate on the route in South Australia, and only calls at Murray Bridge and Bordertown stations. Major towns on the route include Murray Bridge, Tailem Bend, Keith and Bordertown.
Infrastructure.
The line is standard gauge and single track throughout its entire length, with numerous long crossing loops. In suburban Adelaide and the Adelaide Hills the line runs parallel to the TransAdelaide broad gauge Belair line. The line is operated and managed by the Australian Rail Track Corporation.
Services.
The main traffic on the line is Melbourne – Adelaide interstate freight, with trains operated by Australian Railroad Group, Pacific National and Specialised Container Transport. Grain services are also operated on an irregular basis by Genesee and Wyoming Australia from the branch lines to Pinnaroo and Tookayerta, which divert from the mainline at Tailem Bend.
The only passenger service is The Overland thrice weekly, operated by Great Southern Railway, between Adelaide and Melbourne. This train only stops at Murray Bridge and Bordertown stations upon request from booked passengers. All other intrastate passenger traffic was withdrawn from the South Australian network by Australian National during the 1980s. The final service, to Mount Gambier, was withdrawn in 1990.
Crossing loops.
In 2010, a new 1500m crossing loop is proposed at Ambleside to divide the Belair to Mount Barker Junction section.

</doc>
<doc id="21534245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534245" title="Hans Fredrik Dahl">
Hans Fredrik Dahl

Hans Fredrik Dahl (born 16 October 1939) is a Norwegian historian, journalist and media scholar, best known in the English-speaking world for his biography of Vidkun Quisling, a Nazi collaborationist and Minister President for Norway during the Second World War. His research is focused on media history, the totalitarian ideologies of the 20th century, and the Second World War. He served as culture editor of "Dagbladet" 1978–1985 and has been a board member of the paper since 1996. He was a Professor at the University of Oslo 1988–2009, and is now a Professor Emeritus.
Personal life.
Dahl was born in Oslo, the son of Jacob Dahl, an engineer, and his wife Sophie Harbitz. He was married to jurist and pioneer of feminist jurisprudence Tove Stang Dahl ("née" Tove Thiis Stang) from 1960 to 1993, and to art historian Elisabeth Elster from 1996. He is a maternal grandson of pathologist Francis Harbitz, and a cousin of historian Francis Sejersted.
In his younger days he defined himself as a Marxist and Socialist, and was elected head of the Norwegian Students' Society as the left-wing candidate in 1963. He converted to Catholicism in the 2000s, after recovering from a serious illness.
Career.
He has written two books on the history of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK): "Hallo-Hallo" (1975) and "Dette er London" (1978). He was cultural editor of the newspaper "Dagbladet" from 1978 to 1985, and from 1988 to 2009 professor at the University of Oslo. Dahl has been co-editor of the encyclopaedias "Pax Leksikon" (1978–1981) and "Norsk krigsleksikon 1940-45" (1995), and the four-volume press history "Norsk presses historie 1660–2010". He is, however, most famous in the Anglosphere for the book "Quisling: A Study in Treachery", a two-volume biography of the politician and Minister-President Vidkun Quisling; it was condensed into one volume upon translation into English.
He is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. In 2000 he received the Fritt Ord Honorary Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21534267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534267" title="Thomas Geierspichler">
Thomas Geierspichler

Thomas Geierspichler (born April 14, 1976) is a Paralympic wheelchair racer from Austria. He competes in the T52 classification.
Biography.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Marathon - T52 event, went out in the first round of the men's 800 metres - T52 event, finished sixth in the men's 1500 metres - T52 event and finished eighth in the men's 5000 metres - T52 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 1500 metres - T52 event, a silver medal in the men's 800 metres - T52 event, a silver medal in the men's 5000 metres - T52 event, a silver medal in the men's Marathon - T52 event and a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T52 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's Marathon - T52 event, a bronze medal in the men's 800 metres - T52 event, finished fifth in the men's 200 metres - T52 event and finished fourth in the men's 400 metres - T52 event
, he holds T52 world records for 10000m and marathon distances.

</doc>
<doc id="21534273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534273" title="Zhang Zhen (athlete)">
Zhang Zhen (athlete)

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 1500 metres - T11 event and a gold medal in the men's 5000 metres - T11 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534276" title="Samwel Mushai Kimani">
Samwel Mushai Kimani

Samwel Mushai Kimani is a Paralympian athlete from Kenya competing mainly in category T11 middle distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 1500 metres - T11 event and went out in the first round of the men's 800 metres - T12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534283" title="Jason Dunkerley">
Jason Dunkerley

Jason Joseph Dunkerley (born 21 August 1977 in Newtownards, UK) is a Canadian Paralympian athlete competing mainly in category T11 and T12 middle distance events.
Career.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia, where he won a silver medal in the T11 men's 1500 metres event and went out in the first round of the T12 men's 800 metres event. At the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece, he won a silver medal in the men's 1500 metres - T11 event and went out in the first round of the men's 800 metres - T12 event. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, he won a bronze medal in the men's 1500 metres - T11 event and went out in the first round of the men's 800 metres - T12 event. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, he won a bronze medal in the men's 1500 metres - T11 and a silver medal in the men's 5000 metres - T11.
Personal life.
Jason Dunkerley was born in Newtownards, Northern Ireland with Leber's congenital amaurosis, a rare inherited eye disease that appears at birth or in the first few months of life, and affects around 1 in 80,000 of the population. He has two brothers, Jonathan and Chris, who both inherited the same eye condition. After emigrating to Hamilton from Northern Ireland with his family in 1991, Dunkerley attended the W. Ross Macdonald School for Students who are Visually Impaired, Blind and Deafblind, where students were encouraged to get involved in sports. He graduated from the University of Guelph with a degree in International Development.
His brother Jonathan has also represented Canada in the 2008 and 2012 Paralympics in the sprint events.
He has a wife named Colleen.

</doc>
<doc id="21534289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534289" title="Arnold Andenmatten">
Arnold Andenmatten

Arnold Andenmatten (born August 22, 1922) is a Swiss skier and skiing instructor.
Biography.
Born in Saas-Fee, Andenmatten was the winner of the first classical glacier downhill skiing from the Allalinhorn down to Saas-Fee in 1946 (time: 8:07 min.). As a soldier he participated in the demonstration event, military patrol. He had the military rank of a Kanonier at this time. His Swiss team (R. Zurbriggen, H. Zurbriggen, Vouardoux, Andenmatten) finished first in the military patrol event. In 1947 he, Robert Zurbriggen, Karl Hischier and Karl Bricker also won the revenge race in Oslo. As of 2008 he still participates in ski races, for example as the eldest competitor of the Saas-Balen valley race on February 17, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21534299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534299" title="T. S. Durairaj">
T. S. Durairaj

T. S. Durairaj, was a noted Tamil film comedian, drama artist, producer and director in the early stages of the Tamil film industry. He received a Kalaimamani award from the Tamil Nadu Government in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21534300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534300" title="Lytchett Bay">
Lytchett Bay

Lytchett Bay is located close to the town of Upton, Dorset, United Kingdom.
It is possible to walk from Lytchett Bay to Rockley Park via the shoreline path that borders the Turlin Moor estate. The most interesting part of Lychett Bay can however, only be accessed via the Turlin Moor estate and consists of areas of saltmarsh and tiny beaches. Walking from the beach where boats are moored it takes nearly 40 minutes to walk the shoreline to the far side which has a population of adders. The walk goes through a small wooded area where deer can sometimes be seen and a meadow that is managed with a short spell along a very quiet road. The water can be reached at two separate spots on the far side of Lychett Bay and gives a much better view of the swans and other birds that frequent the bay at different times of the year.
Lytchett Bay was a popular children's haunt during the 1980s and 1990s. It was common for boats to wash up on the shore of Lytchett Bay during spells of bad weather. The boats would be hidden away in the reeds, then brought out during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="21534330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534330" title="Henry Kiprono Kirwa">
Henry Kiprono Kirwa

Henry Kiprono Kirwa is a Paralympian athlete from Kenya competing mainly in category T13 middle distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 1500 metres - T13 event, a gold medal in the men's 5000 metres - T13 event and a gold medal in the men's 10000 metres - T12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534359" title="Deejay chiama Italia">
Deejay chiama Italia

Deejay chiama Italia is an Italian entertainment radio program, hosted by Linus with Nicola Savino and broadcast on Radio DeeJay and Deejay Tv.

</doc>
<doc id="21534373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534373" title="Bianca 111">
Bianca 111

The Bianca 111 is a Danish Yacht built in the 1980s. It is a yacht of great elegance and style, and in its time, competed with the top racing and cruising yachts. It is of high quality build, making it reliable and fast in calm weather conditions, but also safe and trustworthy in harsh weather. There are only a dozen Bianca 111s left in the world. 
The main characteristic of this yacht is its nervousness in the wind, with an 18 metre mast for only 11 metres of length. It is very rigid, and unforgiving in strong winds. A slight error at the helm will quickly result in heeling over, due to the power produced by the high sail area. With a main of 45m² in a 7/8 rigging. This boat is indeed very powerful at beam and close reach, like many of its generation. Despite a spinnaker of over 120m², its architecture does not making it very fast whilst running on a 7/8 rigging. Many modern yachts are designed to run fast down wind, but or slower whilst close hauled. This is the opposite with the Bianca 111.
In expert hands, the Bianca 111 can reach a high speed potential, but is also suited for cruising, due to a good speed: comfort ratio. This boat remains very technical however, and as previously mentioned, can become very sporty and tiring to manoeuvre in harsh conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="21534376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534376" title="Ignacio Ávila">
Ignacio Ávila

Ignacio Ávila is a Paralympian athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T12 middle distance events.
Personal.
He is from the Catalan region of Spain.
Athletics.
He medalled at the 2009 IBSA European Championships in Greece. He competed at the 2011 World Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand where he won a medal. Competing at the Brazil hosted IBSA World Games, he earned a medal. From the Catalan region of Spain, he was a recipient of a 2012 Plan ADO scholarship.
Paralympics.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a silver medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay — T13 event, went out in the first round of the men's 200 metres — T12 event and finished fourth in the men's 400 metres — T12 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 800 metres — T12 event, finished fourth in the men's 400 metres — T12 event and finished sixth in the men's 1500 metres — T13 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 1500 metres — T13 event and finished fourth in the men's 800 metres — T12 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21534378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534378" title="Abraham Cheruiyot Tarbei">
Abraham Cheruiyot Tarbei

Abraham Cheruiyot Tarbei is a Paralympian athlete from Kenya competing mainly in category T46 middle distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 1500 metres - T46 event and a gold medal in the men's 5000 metres - T46 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534379" title="American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2">
American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2

American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2 is a historic ice manufacturing plant located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It consists of two industrial buildings: an original two story stone ice manufacturing building built in 1905 and a brick ice storage addition, built in 1919, is an immense, nearly windowless structure with the height of a six-story building.
American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21534382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534382" title="Robert Barth">
Robert Barth

Robert Barth (born August 10, 1968) is a German motorcycle speedway rider who has ridden in Speedway Grand Prix. He has also won four Long Track World Championships, in 2002, 2003, 2005 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21534384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534384" title="Francis Thuo Karanja">
Francis Thuo Karanja

Francis Thuo Karanja (born 6 April 1975) is a Kenyan Paralympian athlete competing mainly in category T11 long distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 5000 metres - T11 event, went out in the first round of the men's 1500 metres - T11 event and finished fifth in the men's 10000 metres - T12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534394" title="James Hall (Canadian politician)">
James Hall (Canadian politician)

James Hall (April 1, 1806 – October 11, 1882) was a Scottish-born land surveyor, civil engineer, merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Peterborough in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1848 to 1851 and Peterborough East in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Clackmannanshire, the son of James Hall, and came with his family to Lanark Township, Upper Canada in 1820. Hall practised as an engineer and Provincial Land Surveyor in Lanark until about 1829 and then in Halifax, Nova Scotia from 1829 to around 1835. He then settled in Peterborough, where he established a tannery and opened a store. Hall served on the town council for Peterborough, also serving as mayor in 1852 and 1855. He was defeated when he ran for reelection to the legislative assembly for the Province of Canada in 1851. He served as sheriff for the United Counties of Peterborough and Victoria from 1859 to 1863 and for Peterborough County from 1863 to 1872. Hall was married twice: to Jane Albro in 1830 and to Jane Gifford Ferguson in 1870. He died in Peterborough at the age of 76.
His granddaughter Ann Jane married Sanford Fleming.

</doc>
<doc id="21534405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534405" title="Uecker (disambiguation)">
Uecker (disambiguation)

Uecker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21534416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534416" title="Matthew Lowton">
Matthew Lowton

Matthew John Lowton (born 9 June 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Aston Villa in the Premier League. He can play in a number of defensive positions but is a natural right back. Born in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, he joined Sheffield United's academy in 2004 before eventually making the break into United's first team in 2010, playing regularly for two seasons before being sold to Villa. Lowton has also spent time on loan with both non-league Sheffield and Hungarian side Ferencváros.
Playing career.
Sheffield United.
Lowton joined Sheffield United aged fifteen after a brief spell with Leeds United and progressed through Sheffield United's youth set up to reserve level, converting from a full-back to a central defensive role in the process. After spending a spell on loan at Sheffield FC in 2008, in January 2009 Lowton went out on loan to Sheffield United's Hungarian sister club Ferencváros, along with fellow reserve player Sam Wedgbury, to get first-team experience. He made his début in the Hungarian League Cup the next month, making eighteen appearances before returning to United towards the end of the season.
Back in the Championship, Lowton found himself on the fringes of the first team and duly made his Blades début in a 1–1 draw with Cardiff City at the end of March 2010, coming on as a late substitute, before making his full début for the club in the final game of the season.
The following season, Lowton started Sheffield United's opening day fixture, away to Cardiff City, but was issued with a straight red card. Despite this setback, he returned to the first-team picture and was rewarded with a new contract at the end of September. Lowton continued a run of substitute appearances and rewarded United's faith by scoring his first senior goal in mid-October, netting in a 3–3 home draw with Burnley. Lowton played regularly for the remainder of the season, scoring four goals in all, but couldn't prevent the club from slipping to relegation.
With the Blades now in League One, Lowton remained a key player and was rewarded with an extended contract in August 2011, making 55 appearances in total for the Blades during the following season and scoring one goal.
Aston Villa.
Lowton completed a move to Aston Villa in July 2012 for an undisclosed fee, believed to be £3 million, becoming Paul Lambert's second signing as Villa manager, and made his debut on 18 August 2012, in the Premier League against West Ham United. On 15 September, Lowton scored his first league goal for Villa in a 2–0 home win against Swansea City. On 19 July 2013, Lowton signed a new four-year deal to keep him at Aston Villa until Summer 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="21534427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534427" title="H.F. Miller &amp; Son Tin Box and Can Manufacturing Plant">
H.F. Miller &amp; Son Tin Box and Can Manufacturing Plant

H.F. Miller & Son Tin Box and Can Manufacturing Plant, or the American Can Company, Miller Factory, is a historic can manufacturing plant located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was erected in three stages between 1890 and about 1910. It is a four-story brick manufacturing plant. The exterior features decorative brickwork, multiple window forms, and substantial construction typical of the period. The interior features chamfered posts, closely spaced joists, and fire doors.
The building has been redeveloped as Miller's Court with 40 apartments, as well as office and project space for public and charitable agencies. Apartments in the $20 million project were marketed to Baltimore public school teachers. The first tenants moved in in July 2009.
H.F. Miller & Son Tin Box and Can Manufacturing Plant was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21534432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534432" title="William Pillar">
William Pillar

Admiral Sir William Thomas Pillar GBE KCB FIMechE (24 February 1924 – 18 March 1999) was Chief of Naval Support and a member of the Admiralty.
Naval career.
Educated at Blundell's School and latterly at the Royal Naval Engineering College, Pillar joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1942 during World War II. He was promoted to sub-lieutenant (Engineering Branch) on 1 June 1944. An acting lieutenant at the war's end, he was promoted to substantive lieutenant (E) on 3 June 1947 (seniority 1 October 1945). Following service in the Korean War he was promoted to lieutenant-commander (E) on 1 October 1953, to commander (E) on 31 December 1958 and to captain (E) on 31 December 1966.
He was appointed Assistant to the Director-General, Ships in 1970 and Commander of the Royal Naval Engineering College in 1973. Attaining flag rank as a rear admiral on 7 January 1976, he was made Port Admiral at Rosyth and then Assistant Chief of Fleet Support. Promoted to vice-admiral on 2 April 1979, he became the first Royal Navy engineer officer to be Chief of Fleet Support. He was appointed a KCB in the 1980 Queen's Birthday Honours list, and was promoted to admiral on 5 January 1982. In 1982, he became Commandant of the Royal College of Defence Studies. Appointed a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire, Military Division (GBE) in the Birthday Honours list the following year, he retired on 6 March 1984.
On retirement from the Royal Navy he became Lieutenant-Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Jersey.
He was also Commodore and later Life Vice-Commodore of the Royal Navy Sailing Association, a member of the Royal Yacht Squadron, President of the Royal Navy Modern Pentathlon Association and a Knight of St. John.
Family.
In 1946 he married Ursula Ransley; they had three sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21534448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534448" title="Dive roll">
Dive roll

A dive roll (or forward roll) is an acrobatic stunt that begins with a horizontal forward diving motion and results in a somersault. Alternate forms such as a Jigaree are also notable.

</doc>
<doc id="21534450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534450" title="Felicity McCall">
Felicity McCall

Felicity McCall is an Irish journalist and writer whose 13 published works include novels, non-fiction, plays, a graphic novel and anthologies.
Her plays have been professionally produced in the UK, Ireland, US and Australasia; her awards include the UK National Lottery Award for Heritage 2011, for 'We Were Brothers',two Meyer Whitworth nominations, for "No Goodbyes" (2008) and "We Were Brothers" (2010), and the Tyrone Guthrie Scriptwriting Award (2006/7).
Her screenplay credits include "Agnes",(Ambient Light/GSCA 2006), the life of the Irish nursing pioneer Agnes Jones, and "Jam" (Brassneck Productions). McCall is also a director and founding member of theatre groups 'Handful Productions' and 'Postscript', and closely associated with the film company 'Brassneck Productions'. She is Ireland officer for the miscarriage of justice lobby group, Portia.
References.
Official website [http://www.felicitymccall.com]
Guildhall Press, publisher, "Agnes" (2004) [http://www.ghpress.com/]
also Reckoning (2005) Finding Lauren (2007) A Pitying of Doves (2011)
Meyer Whitworth nominations for We Were Brothers (2010) and No Goodbyes (2007)
ACNI awards 2006/7, 2009/10

</doc>
<doc id="21534471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534471" title="Mount Vernon Mill No. 1">
Mount Vernon Mill No. 1

Mount Vernon Mill No. 1 is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was constructed between 1873 and 1918 and consists of four buildings situated along Jones Falls. The complex consists of three closely associated 19th century buildings and a 20th-century warehouse. There is a large, three-story brick Mill Building (1873); a two-story, brick, "L"-shaped Picker House (1873); a two-story, brick Store House (c. 1881); and a later, reinforced-concrete warehouse (1918). It served as headquarters for Mount Vernon-Woodberry Mills, one of the world’s largest producers of cotton duck.
Mount Vernon Mill No. 1 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
The mill complex, now referred to generally as Mill No. 1, was purchased by Terra Nova Ventures, LLC and began renovations in 2012 to create a mixed-use project of apartments, offices and restaurants. The Mill No. 1 website (www.millno1.com) boasts, "The architecture team, Alexander Design Studio has figured out how to make this complicated project work, while keeping the integrity and character of the historic buildings... The structures’ overall historic significance and fabric in their beautiful setting location have been maintained, while adapting the structures to incorporate new uses..." Anyone interested in commercial or residential space in the building may contact Thornhill Properties, Inc. who now manage the building.

</doc>
<doc id="21534484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534484" title="Tongling Nonferrous Metals">
Tongling Nonferrous Metals

Tongling Nonferrous Metals Group Holdings Company Limited () is a state-owned enterprise involving in extracting copper resources and smelting copper and other non-ferrous metals. It was founded in 1949 in Tongling, Anhui, China and it was put into production in 1952. It is one of the largest copper smelting companies in the country.
The subsidiary and listed company of Tongling Nonferrous Metals Group Holdings Company Limited, Tongling Nonferrous Metals Group Company Limited, was established in 1992 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21534486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534486" title="Sukinda">
Sukinda

Sukinda is a town in Jajpur district, Odisha, India. Odisha accounts for about 98% of the total proved chromite (chromium ore) reserves of the country, of which about 97% occur in the Sukinda Valley. In September, 2007, the Blacksmith Institute listed Sukinda as one of the 10 most polluted places in the world. Multiple local political figures and scientists disputed the listing, claiming that the Blacksmith Institute used outdated research.
Location.
National Highway 200 passes through Sukinda. Sukinda is flanked by the Mahagiri range and the Daitari range, Sukinda Valley spreads over an area of 50 km2 from Kansa to Maruabil in Jajpur District. In the middle of this valley flows a natural stream, Damsala, and it joins river Brahmani at a point further from the valley. The valley is abundant in the deposits of chromites and Odisha accounts for more than 90% of the country’s chromite deposits.
Natural Resources.
Sukinda has an abundance of chromite, around 97% of India's total deposits. Around 12 mines operate in the area without proper environmental controls, and pollution caused by the mines is a major health hazard.

</doc>
<doc id="21534488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534488" title="Van Tuinei">
Van Tuinei

Vaega Van Tuinei (born February 16, 1971 in Garden Grove, California is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers, Indianapolis Colts, and Chicago Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="21534490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534490" title="Alan R. Price">
Alan R. Price

Alan R. Price previously served as the Associate Director for Investigative Oversight of the Office of Research Integrity (ORI) at the National Institute of Health and the United States Public Health Service]
Dr. Price is considered a one of the world's leading experts in reviewing and providing consulting advice on the handling of allegations and reports of inquiries and investigations of scientific misconduct or research misconduct. having served 17 years as a senior official of the Office of Research Integrity 
History.
Alan Price received his Bachelors degree in chemistry from Florida State University in 1964, and his Doctorate in biochemistry from the University of Minnesota in 1968, followed by postdoctoral research in biochemistry at Michigan State University. 
He served on the faculty at the University of Michigan Medical School as assistant professor and tenured associate professor from 1970–1978, and in 1978 he became Assistant Dean for Research Development of the Medical School, and in 1981 was appointed Assistant Vice President for Research for the whole University of Michigan. From 1987 to 1989 he held positions in aging grants administration and in human subject protection in AIDS research at the National Institute of Health, and in 1989 transferred to its new Office of Scientific Integrity, which became the United States Department of Health Office of Research Integrity in 1989. From 2000-2006 he served as the ORI Associate Director for Investigative Oversight, the chief research fraud investigator of the Federal Government. He retired from Federal service in Spring 2006 and established a consulting service for cases of research misconduct and research fraud

</doc>
<doc id="21534495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534495" title="Zill-e-Shah">
Zill-e-Shah

Zill-e-Shah is a Pakistani film, in the language of Punjabi, the sequel to blockbuster movie Majajan.
Synopsis.
Kulsoom (Noor) is engaged to Sarwar Shah (Babar Butt), but she is deeply in love with Zill-e-Shah (Shan), whorm she knows from childhood. So kulsoom's marriage is sealed, but in an encounter Zill—Shah kills Sarwar, therefore sent to Jail.
Then an unforthunete incident occurs, when Kulsoom marries Abid Shah (Safqat Cheema), the elder brother of Sarwar. Noor is in discomfort, but so is Zill-e, as he gives put his life, in the realms of dancing girls and an alcoholic. Soon he meets a Stara (Saima) a dancer, who he falls in love with, What will be the consequences of his actions? This does not make any sense if this is sequel to the movie title Majajan, Zill-e-shah supposed to kill his wife's brother. 
whats up
Film release.
Soon as the film release, the audience bombed at the cinema houses to watch the film. It has become the first film in the history of Lollywood to be re-released in cinema houses across the country, within only a few weeks of it completing a (fair-to-middling) run at the ticket windows. What's more, the film's (re)release date - February 13 - has pitched it famously against the Bollywood giant, named Billu starring Shah Rukh Khan, Irrfan Khan and Lara Dutta.
Fayyaz (the producer) is not content with just rave reviews and a local re-release. He has already planned an international premiere for the film. "We're releasing the film in UK on March 6, with six prints. Before that, we're going to have a grand premiere in Manchester for which we'll be flying our lead actors with us."
The excited producer also spoke of a Dubai release sometime later. Plans were underway for Zill e Shah's premiere in Indian Punjab too, but Fayyaz said, it might have to wait.
Production.
Made on a budget of around two crore rupees, unheard-of for a Punjabi film, Zill e Shah attracted popular attention not much because of its print ads but its promotional videos that ran on the various local TV channels. Shot aesthetically, thanks to actor cum director Shaan, the film instantly generated box office heat. For one thing, the songs are a visual delight, and surely Noor and Saima have never looked better.
The producer said:
"The entire post of Zill e Shah was done in Mumbai's famous Adlabs, also one of the world's most expensive production houses. Whoever had a chance to watch the rushes simply loved the film. I was hoping for a grand premiere in India, but I don't know if that will be possible now, given the current political situation between the two countries."

</doc>
<doc id="21534496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534496" title="Mustard bath">
Mustard bath

A mustard bath is a traditional English therapeutic remedy for tired, stressed muscles, colds, fevers and seizures. The mustard was thought to draw out toxins and warm the muscles, blood and body. It was a standard medical practice up until the first part of the twentieth century and continues to be used in complementary and alternative medicine.
The ancient Greeks and Romans, Europeans, and the Ayurvedic tradition of India have all used mustard in this way.
Around half a cup of ground-up mustard seeds are placed in a very hot bath, and the patient relaxes in this for about ten minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21534497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534497" title="Kincardine, Sutherland">
Kincardine, Sutherland

Kincardine () is a small hamlet in Sutherland, situated on the west end of the south shore of the Dornoch Firth.
The village of Ardgay is less than 1 mile north west of Kincardine along the A836 coast road.

</doc>
<doc id="21534503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534503" title="2009 LKL All-Star Game">
2009 LKL All-Star Game

The 2009 LKL All-Star Game was played on February 21, 2009 at Šiaulių arena in Šiauliai, home of the BC Šiauliai. The game was the 15th annual LKL All-Star Game. It was the second time Šiauliai have hosted the basketball showcase, after previously hosting in 2008.
The All-Star Game.
Coaches.
The coach for the Vilkai was Lietuvos Rytas coach Rimas Kurtinaitis. The coach for the Ereliai was Žalgiris coach Gintaras Krapikas.

</doc>
<doc id="21534509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534509" title="Rod Walker">
Rod Walker

Roderick Dion Walker (born February 4, 1976 in Milton, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for three seasons for the Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="21534512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534512" title="Mantgum railway station">
Mantgum railway station

Mantgum is a railway station in Mantgum, The Netherlands. The station opened on 16 June 1883 and is located on the Leeuwarden–Stavoren railway. The services are operated by Arriva. The station was closed between 15 May 1938 and 1 May 1940 and between 24 November 1940 and 3 June 1973. The station is 10 km from Leeuwarden and 12 km from Sneek.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Mantgum:
Bus services.
The following bus services depart from the outside the station:
The 93 is operated by Arriva and operates Monday to Saturday 1x per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="21534525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534525" title="Londontown Manufacturing Company, Inc.">
Londontown Manufacturing Company, Inc.

Londontown Manufacturing Company, Inc., also known as Meadow Mill, is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a three-story, Italianate brick structure that features a square tower structure with a truncated spire-like roof having an open bell cupola. It was erected in 1877 as one of five mills which comprised the Woodberry Manufacturing Company. It was intended for the manufacture of seine twines. It was home to London Fog, prior to its move to Eldersburg, Maryland.
Londontown Manufacturing Company, Inc. was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21534526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534526" title="Jerome Sally">
Jerome Sally

Jerome Eli Sally (born February 24, 1959 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played nose tackle for seven seasons for the New York Giants, the Indianapolis Colts, and the Kansas City Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="21534542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534542" title="National Highway 203A (India)">
National Highway 203A (India)

National Highway 203A is a part of National Highway 203 and connects Puri and Satpada in Odisha, India. It covers a distance of 49 km. It passes through Brahmagiri.

</doc>
<doc id="21534543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534543" title="Reggie Singletary">
Reggie Singletary

Reggie Leslie Singletary (born January 17, 1964 in Whiteville, North Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman and offensive lineman for five seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21534550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534550" title="Robert Schommer">
Robert Schommer

Robert A. Schommer (December 9, 1946 – December 12, 2001) was an American observational astronomer. He was a professor at Rutgers University and later a project scientist for the U.S. office of the Gemini Observatory Project at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory (CTIO) in Chile. He was known for his wide range of research interests, from stellar populations to cosmology.
Robert Schommer was born in Chicago, Illinois to Harvey and Bea Schommer. He received a B.A. in Physics 1970 from the University of Chicago in 1970 and a Ph.D. in Astronomy from the University of Washington in 1977, where he continued for one year as instructor. Following two years in seminary college in Chicago, he held postdoctoral positions at Caltech (Chaim Weizmann Fellow), the Hale Observatories, the University of Chicago, and Cambridge University (NATO Postdoctoral Fellow) before joining the Department of Physics at the State University of New Jersey. He became increasingly unhappy with the Department's unwillingness to support astronomy, and in 1990 he moved to CTIO in Chile where he remained until his death in 2001.
Research.
Schommer carried out some of the first CCD imaging studies of Large Magellanic Cloud star clusters, published in a paper on what is now called the "short distance" to the LMC. His work on star clusters in the Magellanic Clouds and the galaxy M33 were fundamental in providing a basis for our understanding of the chemical histories of those galaxies. 
Schommer was an active member of the High-z Supernova Search Team and co-authored their 1998 paper arguing that we live in an accelerating universe with a cosmological constant. In honor of this work, he was awarded the AURA Science Achievement Award in 1999.
Schommer also worked on clusters of galaxies and their use in establishing the extragalactic distance scale; dark matter in dwarf galaxies; and designed and built a Fabry–Pérot interferometer and oversaw its installation at the Cerro-Tololo Observatory.
In his final year at CTIO, Schommer took over the management of the U.S. Gemini Project Office as Project Scientist. He was an advocate for a strong national observatory that would allow U.S. astronomers access to world-class ground based facilities. At the time of his death, Schommer was in the process of moving to Tucson, Arizona to establish a U.S. Gemini Science Center and a remote observing facility.
Death.
Schommer committed suicide in La Serena, Chile, on December 12, 2001. He was survived by his wife Iris Labra and three children Paulina, Andrea, and Robert. 
Following his death, the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) established the Schommer Children's Fund to assist the Schommer family in meeting the future educational expenses of their children.

</doc>
<doc id="21534559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534559" title="Salford City College">
Salford City College

Salford City College is a further education college based in Salford, England. It opened on 1 January 2009, as the result of a merger between Salford College, Eccles College and Pendleton College to form a 'supercollege'. Salford City College continues to function in the same buildings that the previous colleges had. 
City Sixth Form Centre.
City Sixth Form Centre is located on Lissadel Street. All of Salford City College's construction/trade courses and ESOL courses are held at this centre.
Eccles Sixth Form Centre.
Eccles Sixth Form Centre was an independent College, Eccles College that is now part of Salford City College in Eccles, Greater Manchester, England. It opened in 1 January 2009 as part of the super college Salford City College. The site currently provides AS and A level courses, but also vocational training in many subjects Students may also retake their maths and English GCSEs at the centre.
Pendleton Sixth Form Centre.
One site which that was a part of Pendleton College is still open and operating under the Salford City College header. 
Pendleton Sixth Form Centre on Dronfield Road. 
Walkden Sixth Form Centre.
Walkden Sixth Form Centre is located on Walkden Road in Worsley. The centre has a range of vocational courses for 16-19 year olds as well as some adult courses such as counselling and access to higher education.

</doc>
<doc id="21534560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534560" title="Stieff Silver Company Factory">
Stieff Silver Company Factory

Stieff Silver Company Factory is a historic silver factory located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story nine-bay rectangular brick factory building, designed by Theodore Wells Pietsch and built in two stages in 1925 and 1929. The exterior features a lighted sign flanking a central clock that rises above a parapeted roof. The Stieff Silver Company was the last of the Baltimore silverware manufacturers, operating between 1892 and 1999.
Stieff Silver Company Factory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21534567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534567" title="Steve White (American football)">
Steve White (American football)

Stephen Gregory White (born October 25, 1973 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a sports blogger and former professional American football player who played defensive end for seven seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the New York Jets. He currently writes about football for the sports blog SB Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="21534574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534574" title="New England Forest Rally">
New England Forest Rally

The New England Forest Rally is a performance rally event in New Hampshire and Maine, United States. Originally known as the Maine Forest Rally, it first appeared in 1991 as a winter rally. In the past, the event was part of the SCCA ProRally schedule, now it is a Rally America sanctioned event.
The event is held mainly on logging roads with some of the longest stages on the Rally America schedule. As the event is held during July, the road conditions are often dry and dusty.
In 1994 the Maine Summer Rally was added. The event ran as a 60% National/Divisional and as a full National event starting in 1995. In 1996 an in-town spectator stage was added to the summer event to the delight of the spectators. The most recent in-town stages, held at the Mexico Recreation Area, have featured a 1 meter high man-made jump.
At its peak, the Maine Forest Rally had the highest number of starting cars in the SCCA ProRally series. The 2001 event, with 121 National and ClubRally starting teams, broke the 111 car starting record held by the 2000 Maine Forest Rally. As a bellwether of the event's success, it was voted the SCCA's ProRally of the Year in 1992 and again in 2001.
In 2007, the name of the event was changed to the New England Forest Rally to better reflect the continued growth of the event by expanding to include stages in the city of Berlin, New Hampshire.
Notable competitors.
The 1999 event saw 1984 World Rally Champion Stig Blomqvist drive the late Carl Merrill's Ford Escort Cosworth to victory over 83 National and Divisional teams.
In 2007, freestyle motocross star turned rally driver Travis Pastrana drove a Subaru Rally Team USA WRX STi to victory.
Ken Block, co-founder of DC Shoe Co. and rally driver competes at the New England Forest Rally regularly.
John Buffum, the most successful American-born rally driver ever, is a key organizer of the event, and in 2008, he drove his Group B Audi Quattro on the first stage of the event.
Past winners.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="21534583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534583" title="Chongqing No.1 Middle School">
Chongqing No.1 Middle School

Chongqing No.1 Middle School (simplified Chinese: 重庆一中; traditional Chinese: 重慶一中; pinyin: Chóng-qìng Yī-zhōng) is a secondary school in Chongqing, People's Republic of China. The main campus is located in the center of the Shapingba district while two other campuses are located in Chenjiawan and in the College Town (大学城). It was founded in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21534588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534588" title="Mike Piel">
Mike Piel

Michael Lloyd Piel (born September 21, 1965 in Carmel, California) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for four seasons for the Los Angeles Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="21534607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534607" title="Robert Young (American football)">
Robert Young (American football)

Robert E. Young (born January 29, 1969 in Jackson, Mississippi) is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for six seasons for the Los Angeles Rams/St. Louis Rams and the Houston Oilers.
College career.
Young played college football at Mississippi State University where he was a four-year letterman. In 1987 he made the SEC All-Freshman team. In 1989 he was the top sacker (10) a defensive line that set a school record for sacks in a season with 33 (since broken) and most sacks in a game with 9 (since tied). Young ended his collegiate career with 16 sacks which is still seventh in school history.
Professional career.
Los Angeles Rams.
Young was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the fifth round of the 1991 NFL Draft. He earned a starting position as a rookie in 1991. He was a backup for in 1992. In 1993 he moved to defensive end and got off to a fast start, logging 7 sacks in 6 games before a knee injury ended his season. He came back to start all 16 games at defensive end in 1994 and had 6.5 sacks which led the team. In 1995 the arrival of Kevin Carter, the sixth overall pick in the 1995 NFL Draft forced Young to the bench. He backed up left defensive end Carter and right defensive end Sean Gilbert in 1995.
Houston Oilers.
In 1996 Young was traded to the Houston Oilers for a sixth round pick in the 1997 NFL Draft. He played in 15 games for the Oilers, starting 13 at defensive tackle recording four sacks.

</doc>
<doc id="21534612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534612" title="Youssef Benibrahim">
Youssef Benibrahim

Youssef Benibrahim is a Paralympic athlete from Morocco competing mainly in category T13 long distance events.
Biography.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 5000 metres - T13 event and finished fourth in the men's 1500 metres - T13 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534616" title="Mohamed Fouzai">
Mohamed Fouzai

Mohamed Fouzai is a Paralympic athlete from Tunisia competing mainly in category T46 long distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 5000 metres - T46 event, finished fourth in the men's 800 metres - T46 event, finished twelve in the men's 1500 metres - T46 event and did not finish in the men's Marathon - T46 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534625" title="Mario Santillán">
Mario Santillán

Mario Santillán (born April 22, 1981) is a Paralympic athlete from Mexico competing mainly in category T46 long distance events. He is missing his right hand.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's Marathon - T46 event in world record time. He also won a bronze medal in the men's 5000 metres - T46 event. 
As of January 2013, his T46 marathon world record, set in Beijing, remains unbeaten.

</doc>
<doc id="21534627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534627" title="Cengiz">
Cengiz

Cengiz is the Turkish form of Genghis (Khan) and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21534628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534628" title="Fred Heron">
Fred Heron

Frederick Roger Heron (October 6, 1944 – December 28, 2010) was a professional American football defensive lineman in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Heron was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 1966 college draft, and Vince Lombardi traded him as a replacement for a lineman in the St. Louis Cardinals who had been forced to retire due to a heart murmur.
He suffered a back injury in a game in 1969 that led to an operation in April 1970, but resulted in ongoing pain for some time.
By the end of his time with the Cardinals, he had become bothered by the violence of the sport, and in one interview stated "I watched the quarterback on the ground in obvious pain. I suddenly thought to myself, "Have I turned into some kind of animal? This is a game, but I’m trying to maim somebody.
He and his wife Betty studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses and were both baptized as Witnesses in February 1972. The Cardinals released him from his contract after his back injuries led to another surgery in October 1972. After Heron's retirement from football he went on to work as the campus security assistant at Rio Calaveras Elementary School in his hometown of Stockton, California.
He died on December 28, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21534633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534633" title="Muntinlupa Mariners">
Muntinlupa Mariners

The Muntinlupa Mariners are a baseball team in the Baseball Philippines formed in 2007 as one of its charter members. The team was originally known as the Makati Mariners. The team moved to Muntinlupa in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21534635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534635" title="Perseverance Records">
Perseverance Records

Perseverance Records is a record label which releases film scores on CD and online. Releases are usually accompanied by extensive, booklets. Extras, such as audio interviews with composers, are also sometimes included.

</doc>
<doc id="21534654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534654" title="Marián Jirout">
Marián Jirout

Marián Jirout (July 23 1976 in Pardubice) is a former Czech motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the 1999 Speedway Grand Prix.
Car accident in January 2003 almost left Jirout crippled but he eventually recovered. In October 2007, during the Zlatá přilba race in Pardubice, he broke three vertebrae in a fall and decided to end career of rider.
His father Jiří Jirout (1953–2000), also a speedway rider, was member of the second team in the Team Ice Racing World Championship in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21534658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534658" title="Port Grosvenor">
Port Grosvenor

Port Grosvenor was a harbour on the Wild Coast in South Africa, near the spot where the Indiaman "Grosvenor" was wrecked in 1782. It was only in use in 1885 and 1886.
History.
The construction of Port Grosvenor was initiated by Captain Sidney Turner, who in 1867, with his father-in-law Walter Compton, had bought of undeveloped Crown Land on the Natal South Coast between Umkomaas and the present village of Clansthal. 
Turner had launched the first salvage attempt of the "Grosvenor" as reported on 20 May 1880 by the paper "Natal Mercury". Turner and a friend, Lieut Beddoes, of the Durban Volunteer Artillery, had set off for Port St Johns in the vessel "Adonis", had proceeded to the wreck and commenced blasting the rocks with dynamite. 
By the beginning of 1885 a local chief Mqikela, who had grown disaffected with the British government and wanted to develop his own harbour, concluded an agreement with Turner, in which Turner was granted 20,000 acres of land, including the coastline on which the "Grosvenor" had foundered. In return for this Turner was to select a suitable site for a harbour and undertake the necessary construction work. The site chosen for this new venture was at the mouth of the Mkweni River, close to the site of the "Grosvenor" wreck. Turner named it Port Grosvenor. 
As port captain and harbourmaster, Turner collected customs dues and managed the harbour and pilotage. Turner was obliged by his financial circumstances to resign himself to this situation as he, by 1884, had a family of seven children and a wife to support. Despite objections from the Cape Government the port was officially opened.
The Cape Government, despite having no jurisdiction in the area, later declared Turner's concession illegal under tribal law, and he forfeited the land, his home and his position. The family moved to Port St Johns and Port Grosvenor faded into obscurity, the last ship calling there in January 1886 being the coaster "SS Somtseu", named for Theophilus Shepstone. The "Somtseu" (#77075 1878-1897)) had been built in London in 1878 and specially designed to cope with the shallow harbours of the Natal coastline; it had also been the first boat to call in 1880 at the newly deepened South Shepstone harbour, later to be named Port Shepstone. 

</doc>
<doc id="21534659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534659" title="Satpada">
Satpada

Satapada is a town in Puri district, Odisha, India. In Oriya 'Sata' means 'Seven' and 'Pada' Means 'Village', so the name Satapada means group of seven villages. It is located at a distance of 50 kilometers from Puri, Satapada on Chilika is home for Irrawaddy dolphin (Orcaella brevirostris).
Geography.
It is located at .
Location.
Satapada is located at 19°40'10"N and 85°26'38"E. It is located on the southern part of the Chilika Lake near to village Panasapada which is 36 km from puri. Satapada is also for Sea Mouth Island where Chilika Lake meets the Bay of Bengal.
Air: The nearest airport is Biju Patnaik Airport at Bhubaneswar, around 120 km away.
Rail: Nearest rail head is at Puri, around 50 km away. Puri connects to all the major places in the country via superfast and express trains.
Road: National Highway 203A connects Satpada to Puri, 49 km away. Bhubaneshwar and Puri have daily bus services along with taxis to Satapada. Conducted tours are also organised by OTDC and local tour operators.
Local Transport: Cycles and Auto Rickshaws.
Tourism.
Satpada is located at the northeast cape of Chilika Lake and Bay of Bengal. The famous Chilika dolphins can be seen in their natural best here. There are also ample opportunities for canoeing, kayaking and boating. 
A small island called "Rajahamsa" is situated near this place at the mouth of the lagoon, named after a bird Rajahamsa. This island is 18 kilometer from Satapada. Rajahans is a small strip of land of which one side is placed near the lagoon on one side and the other side is towards Bay of Bengal.
Migratory birds don't visit Satapada very often, but few varieties of migratory birds move to Nalabana bird sanctuary. It takes around 4 hours by boat from Satapada to reach Nalaban.

</doc>
<doc id="21534664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534664" title="2010 Women's Hockey World Cup Qualifiers">
2010 Women's Hockey World Cup Qualifiers

The 2010 Women's Hockey World Cup Qualifiers were the 12th edition of the Women's Hockey World Cup qualification tournament. Three events were held between March and June 2010 in the United States, Russia and Chile and only the winner of each would earn a berth to play in the 2010 World Cup, to be held in Rosario, Argentina.
South Korea, Japan and Australia each won one of the three tournaments.
Qualification.
Except for Africa, all other four confederations received quotas for teams to participate allocated by the International Hockey Federation based upon the FIH World Rankings at the completion of the 2008 Summer Olympics. Those teams participated at their respective continental championships but could not qualify through it, and they received the chance to qualify through one of the three tournaments based on the final ranking at each competition.
Qualifier 1.
Umpires.
Below are the 8 umpires appointed by the International Hockey Federation:
Pool.
"All times are Pacific Daylight Time ()"
Qualifier 2.
Umpires.
Below are the 9 umpires appointed by the International Hockey Federation:
Pool.
"All times are Moscow Daylight Time ()"
Qualifier 3.
Umpires.
Below are the 7 umpires appointed by the International Hockey Federation:
Pool.
"All times are Chile Standard Time ()"
"The winner of the tournament was decided by final standings after the pool matches, no classification matches were held."

</doc>
<doc id="21534665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534665" title="Qi Shun">
Qi Shun

He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he went out in the first round of the men's 1500 metres - T13 event, went out in the first round of the men's 5000 metres - T12 event, finished ninth in the men's 10000 metres - T13 event and did not finish in the men's marathon - T13 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's marathon - T12 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21534666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534666" title="Elkin Serna">
Elkin Serna

Elkin Alonso Serna Moreno is a Paralympian athlete from Colombia competing mainly in category T12 long distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's Marathon - T12 event, did not finish in the men's 5000 metres - T13 event and finished fourth in the men's 10000 metres - T12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534670" title="Edor Hjukström">
Edor Hjukström

Edor Hjukström (Sorsele 8 May 1916 – Stockholm, 27 October 2002) was a Swedish military officer and skier. His last rank was lieutenant colonel. At the 1948 Winter Olympics he participated in the demonstration event military patrol (precursor to biathlon). His team finished first in the military patrol event.
Biography.
Edor Hjukström was the youngest son of a huntmaster and had three brothers. After his primary education he was a forestry worker for three years before he joined the Västerbottens regemente in Umeå. In 1937 he completed the NCO training at the Arméns Underofficersskola in Uppsala, the Swedish army warrant officers school, and achieved the higher education entrance qualification. In 1939 he won the army masterships, He had the rank of a ensign when he was transferred to the Dalregementet in 1942, where he to part at the regiment's military patrol events in 1941, in 1942 and in 1944. In 1944 he was advanced to the rank of a lieutenant and became ski master of the Swedish army in the following year. From 1946 to 1948 he was platoon leader at the ranger school Kiruna, and became captain in 1950, when he entered Military Academy Karlberg. From 1953 to 1955 he was General Staff candidate, became major in 1962, and was deputy battalion commander. In 1966, advanced to the rank of an Överstelöjtnant, he was transferred to the army staff of the Chief of the Army.

</doc>
<doc id="21534674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534674" title="Sean McNanie">
Sean McNanie

Sean Lawrence McNanie (born September 9, 1961 in Mundelein, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for six seasons for the Buffalo Bills, Arizona Cardinals, and Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="21534678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534678" title="TWH Bus &amp; Coach">
TWH Bus &amp; Coach

TWH Bus & Coach (also used to trade as Travel with Hunny) was a small bus and coach company located in Loughton, Essex, who operated bus and coach services in East London, Essex and Hertfordshire.
History.
TWH Bus & Coach was originally located in Stowmarket and traded as Classic Bus Anglia, until moving to Rainham and then to Collier Row. TWH was briefly involved with Imperial Buses of Rainham. Imperial Buses purchased TWH during September 2007, however the two companies divided again in January 2008. TWH began public bus operations with route 55, which operated in competition with Imperial Buses, between Loughton and Harlow. The competition lasted about 6 months until February 2009, with TWH withdrawing their service. Imperial Buses withdrew from route H1 in December 2009, resulting in TWH recommencing route 55 on 21 December 2009.
After Stansted Transit went into liquidation, Excel Coaches temporarily took over route 392 (Harlow to Hoddesdon via Nazeing and Broxbourne) until a permanent operator could be found. TWH took over the route on 1 September 2009 becoming TWH's first route to enter Hertfordshire, and the first route to receive financial assistance from Essex County Council.
On 3 April 2010 new route 555 began, replacing the 55. The 555 operated between Loughton and Harlow via Waltham Abbey and Waltham Cross. It operated in competition with Arriva Shires & Essex routes 250 and 505. New links had been made with Debden Estate which has not had a direct link to Waltham Abbey and Waltham Cross before. The Farthingale Lane section was withdrawn within days of the first week of operation, after residents blocked the road in protest against the buses running down the road. TWH moved their base to Waltham Abbey in 2010, soon after route 555 began. 
On 24 January 2011, TWH further expanded their routes. Route 555 was altered so that it no longer served Waltham Cross at most times of the day and also served the Ninefields area of Waltham Abbey instead of Shernbroke Road. At the same time, route 255 was introduced operating to the original route 555 between Waltham Cross and Debden (partly replacing some parts of the original 555). The changes to route 555 also meant Waltham Cross no longer had a fast service to Harlow, so new route 355 was introduced between these two places, via Waltham Abbey and Lower Nazeing. 
On 14 February 2011, express route X5 was introduced filling a missing link between Harlow and Romford with stops at Epping, Debden and Chigwell Row. On 1 February 2011, part of the TWH business was sold to newly formed Lea Valley Buses. This included routes 255 (Debden to Waltham Cross) and 555 (Debden to Harlow). In March 2011, TWH relocated their depot from Waltham Abbey to Loughton.
In August 2012, TWH lost both of their school routes (33/53) to other operators, but gained 4 routes. From 26 August 2012 TWH will operate the ECC Contract 31 (Chelmsford to Maldon), 268 (Brentwood to Grays, running on schooldays only), 269 (Brentwood to Grays) and new route E20 (Stratford to Harlow).
In January 2014, TWH discontinued all of their routes and ceased trading for unknown reasons.
Bus types in use.
TWH's last known livery was blue with a gold skirt. As at October 2013 TWH operated a fleet of 9 buses.

</doc>
<doc id="21534685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534685" title="Ildar Pomykalov">
Ildar Pomykalov

Ildar Pomykalov is a Paralympian athlete from Russia competing mainly in category T12 long distance events.
He competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 5000 metres - T12 event, finished fourth in the men's 10000 metres - T12 event and finished seventh in the men's Marathon - T12 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's Marathon - T13 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's Marathon - T13 event and finished sixth in the men's 10000 metres - T13 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Marathon - T12 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21534692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534692" title="Ellwood, Gloucestershire">
Ellwood, Gloucestershire

Ellwood is a hamlet in the Forest of Dean district in Gloucestershire, England. It lies around south-east of Coleford. The hamlet has a football club (Ellwood F.C.) who as of 2008-09 play in the Gloucestershire County League.

</doc>
<doc id="21534694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534694" title="Spinmechatronics">
Spinmechatronics

Spinmechatronics is neologism referring to an emerging field of research concerned with the exploitation of spin-dependent phenomena and established spintronic methodologies and technologies in conjunction with electro-mechanical, magno-mechanical, acousto-mechanical and opto-mechanical systems. Most especially, spinmechatronics (or spin mechatronics) concerns the integration of micro- and nano- mechatronic systems with spin physics and spintronics.
History and origins.
While spinmechatronics has been recognised only recently (2008) as an independent field, hybrid spin-mechanical system development dates back to the early nineteen-nineties, with devices combining spintronics and micromechanics emerging at the turn of the twenty-first century.
One of the longest established spinmechatronic systems is the Magnetic Resonance Force Microscope or MRFM. First proposed by J. A. Sidles in a seminal paper of 1991 – and since extensively developed both theoretically and experimentally by a number of international research groups – the MRFM operates by coupling a magnetically loaded micro-mechanical cantilever to an excited nuclear, proton or electron spin system. The MRFM concept effectively combines scanning atomic force microscopy (AFM) with magnetic resonance spectroscopy to provide a spectroscopic tool of unparalleled sensitivity. Nanometre resolution is possible, and the technique potentially forms the basis for ultra-high sensitivity, ultra-high resolution magnetic, biochemical, biomedical, and clinical diagnostics.
The synergy of micromechanics and established spintronic technologies for sensing applications is one of the most significant spinmechatronic developments of the last decade. At the beginning of this century, strain sensors incorporating magnetoresistive technologies emerged and a wide range of devices exploiting similar principles are likely to realize research and commercial potential by 2015.
Contemporary innovation in spinmechatronics drives forward the independent advancement of cutting-edge science in spin physics, spintronics and micro- and nano-mechatronics and catalyses the development of wholly new instrumentation, control and fabrication techniques to facilitate and exploit their integration.
Key constitutive technologies.
Micro- and nano- mechatronics.
MEMS: micro-electromechanical systems are the key ingredient of micro-mechatronics. Micro-electromechanical systems are – as the name suggests – devices with significant dimensions in the micrometre regime or less. Highly suited to integration with electronic and microwave circuitry, they provide the key to electro-mechanical functionalities unachievable with classical precision mechatronics. Commercialisation of mass-produced Microelectromechanical systems products is rapidly picking up pace and includes printer ink-jet technology, 3D accelerometers, integrated pressure sensors, and Digital Light Processing (DLP) displays. At the cutting edge of Microelectromechanical systems fabrication and integration technologies are nano- electromechanical systems (NEMS). Typical examples are micrometres long, tens of nanometres thick, and have mechanical resonance frequencies approaching 100 MHz. Their small physical dimensions and mass (of order pico-grams) makes them highly sensitive to changes in stiffness; this, their synergy with mechanical and data processing systems, and the option of attaching chemical/ biological molecules, makes them ideal for ultra high-performance mechanical, chemical and biological sensing applications.
Spin physics.
Spin physics is a broad and active area of condensed-matter physics research. ‘Spin’ in this context refers to a quantum mechanical property of certain elementary particles and nuclei, and should not be confused with the classical (and better-known) concept of rotation. Spin physics spans studies of nuclear, electron and proton magnetic resonance, magnetism, and certain areas of optics. Spintronics is a branch of spin physics. Perhaps the two best known applications of spin physics are Magnetic Resonance Imaging (or MRI) and the spintronic giant-magnetoresistive (GMR) hard disk read head.
Spintronics.
Spintronic magnetoresistance is a major scientific and commercial success story. Today, most families own a spintronic device: the giant-magnetoresistive (GMR) hard disk read head in their computer. The science that gave rise to this phenomenal business opportunity – and earned the 2007 Nobel Prize for Physics – was the recognition that electrical carriers are characterized by both charge and spin. Today, tunnelling-magnetoresistance (TMR) – which uses the electron spin as a label to allow or forbid electron tunnelling – dominates the hard disk market and is rapidly establishing itself in areas as diverse as magnetic logic devices and biosensors. Ongoing development is pushing the frontiers of TMR devices towards the nanoscale.

</doc>
<doc id="21534698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534698" title="James Atkins (defensive tackle)">
James Atkins (defensive tackle)

James Hodges Atkins IV (born June 23, 1978 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for two seasons for the Tennessee Titans and the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="21534717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534717" title="Tito Sena">
Tito Sena

Tito Sena is a Paralympian athlete from Brazil competing mainly in category T46 long distance events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's Marathon - T46 event and finished ninth in the men's 5000 metres - T46 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534718" title="Walter Endrizzi">
Walter Endrizzi

Walter Endrizzi is a Paralympic athlete from Italy competing mainly in category T46 long distance events.
Biography.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Marathon - T46 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534722" title="Hirokazu Ueyonabaru">
Hirokazu Ueyonabaru

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's Marathon - T52 event, finished sixth in the men's 200 metres - T52 event, finished sixth in the men's 400 metres - T52 event and finished fourth in the men's 800 metres - T52 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534723" title="Frizzell Hotsprings">
Frizzell Hotsprings

Frizzell Hotsprings is a hot spring on the south bank of the Skeena River, northeast of Hotspring Point, near Prince Rupert, British Columbia, Canada.
Access Warning 
This site is accessible by boat only at high tide. Access to this place is very difficult. ONLY EXPERIENCED boaters should attempt to approach this site. Several people have DIED recently and in the past 10 years trying to cross the Skeena River to get to this place. You need a big boat and good weather and water conditions to cross the river.

</doc>
<doc id="21534724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534724" title="Commonwealth Law Courts">
Commonwealth Law Courts

Harry Gibbs Commonwealth Law Courts on North Quay, Brisbane, Australia contains the Queensland registries of the High Court of Australia and the Federal Court of Australia; and the Brisbane registries of the Family Court of Australia, Federal Magistrates Court of Australia and the Administrative Appeals Tribunal.
The building is thirteen storeys tall and construction was completed in August 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21534729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534729" title="Hiroki Sasahara">
Hiroki Sasahara

He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he finished tenth in the men's 10000 metres - T54 event and finished ninth in the men's Marathon - T54 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's Marathon - T54 event and went out in the semi-finals of the men's 800 metres - T54 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534733" title="Killimster">
Killimster

Killimster is a small remote scattered hamlet in Wick, in eastern Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. RAF Skitten, the departure point for Operation Freshman, was located at Killimster.

</doc>
<doc id="21534738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534738" title="Ahmad Zaki Pasha">
Ahmad Zaki Pasha

Ahmad Zaki Pasha () (26 May 1867 – 5 July 1934) was an Egyptian philologist, sometimes called the Dean of Arabism (), and longtime secretary of the Egyptian Cabinet.
Civil service.
Born in Alexandria to a Kurdish mother and a Moroccan father, Ahmad attended Cairo's Qurabiyya and Tajhiziyya Schools, followed by the School of Administration. While a student there, he won a competition to become a translator for Ismailia's provincial government at a monthly salary of £E 13; in 1888, thanks to his command of French, he moved to the press bureau of the Interior Ministry. He also became an editor and translator for "al-Waqa'i`al-Masriya", a translation teacher for the Khedivial School, and an Arabic teacher for the French Archaeological Institute in Cairo, all in 1888. In the following year he won a competition for the post of translator for the Cabinet, for which he became adjunct secretary in 1897 and secretary-general in 1911, serving until he retired in 1921. During World War I he also recodified Egypt's administrative procedures in keeping with its status as a British protectorate.
Scholarly activities.
Because of his wide range of interests and numerous publications, he became a fellow of the Institut d'Égypte, the Royal Geographical Society, and the Royal Asiatic Society in London. He served on the administrative boards of both al-Azhar and the Egyptian University (now named Cairo University), also holding the chair for Islamic civilization in the latter. He took the lead in setting the Arabic-language equivalents of European loanwords, such as "sayyara" (سيارة) for "automobile," and also alerted the press to the Arabic origins of many Spanish and Portuguese place-names that had been inaccurately transcribed into Arabic. He participated in many conferences of the International Congress of Orientalists and was respected by Europeans for his erudition.
Pan-Arabism.
He was a staunch nationalist, Egyptian from his youth, later pan-Arab and even pan-Oriental, becoming one of the founders and first secretary-general of "al-Rabita al-Sharqiyya" (the Oriental League). His Giza home, "Bayt al-'Uruba" (), became the meeting place for visitors from other Arab countries, even at times a site for reconciliations between quarreling Arab princes, and a repository of Arab antique furniture, jewelry, books, and manuscripts. He also erected a mosque near his home, where he is buried. A prodigious writer of articles and short books, he did not live long enough to complete what would have been the crowning achievement of his scholarship, an Arabic dictionary modeled on the French "Larousse". He gave his books and manuscripts to Dar al-Kutub.

</doc>
<doc id="21534755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534755" title="List of spouses of German presidents and chancellors">
List of spouses of German presidents and chancellors

This is a list of spouses of the President of Germany and Chancellor.

</doc>
<doc id="21534756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534756" title="Aaron Chatman">
Aaron Chatman

Aaron Chatman (born 11 May 1987) is an Australian right arm amputee Paralympic athlete competing in class F/T46 men's high jump, long jump and 100m. He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's high jump F44/46 event where he cleared 2.02m and a bronze medal in the men's 4 x 100 m relay T42–46 event. He nearly missed competing due to chicken pox keeping him isolated in Hong Kong prior to the Games. 
At the 2006 IPC Athletics World Championships in Assen, he won a silver medal in the men's high jump F44/46. In 2007, he broke the world high jump record F44/46 with a jump of 2.05m at the 2007 ACT Championships. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder coached by Irina Dvoskina.

</doc>
<doc id="21534757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534757" title="Canyards Hills">
Canyards Hills

Canyards Hills () is a 64.1 hectare (158.4 acre) biological and geological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1990. This site possesses the most impressive examples in England and Wales of 'ridge-and-trough' or 'tumbled ground.' Beneath a 10 m high cliff, the north-facing valley side above Broomhead Reservoir is a chaotic mass of sub-parallel ridges, separated by intervening narrow areas of marshy ground. The site is formed in Upper Carboniferous Millstone Grit and shows the most extreme form and best example of 'tumbled ground', with innumerable small Millstone Grit blocks (controlled by jointing) taking up a large landslip.

</doc>
<doc id="21534759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534759" title="Chen Hongjie">
Chen Hongjie

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's High jump - F44/46 event

</doc>
<doc id="21534763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534763" title="National Highway 203 (India)">
National Highway 203 (India)

National Highway 203 connects the city of joy Kolkata to Bhubaneswar and Konark in West Bengal and Odisha in India. It passes through Pipili and Puri and covers a total distance of 97 km It starts at Rasulgarh Chak on NH 5, and forms the boundary of the "planned city" of Bhubaneswar.

</doc>
<doc id="21534774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534774" title="Horki Raion">
Horki Raion

Horki Raion (, , Goretsky raion) is a raion (district) in Mahilyow Voblast, Belarus, the administrative center is the town of Horki. As of 2009, its population was 47,800. Population of Horki accounts for 68.6% of the district's population.
The district is situated in the North-East part of the region. It was formed on 17 July 1924. It occupies 1284 km² and its population is about 52.6 thousand of people. The district is divided into 11 rural stations. On its territory are situated 172 rural populated villages. On the territory of the district Belarusian State Agricultural Academy is situated (it was founded in 1840) and pedagogical college. These conditions make Horki the centre of agricultural science and research. Industry of the district is represented by food enterprises, building materials enterprises, light industry enterprises. Agriculture of the district has several main branches: milk and meat cattle-breeding; grain and fodder crops growing; potato growing. Through the territory of Horki district railway Vorša-Kryčaŭ runs. Roads connect Horki with Vorša, Mahiloŭ, Mścisłaŭ and Drybin. Every year 290 thousand of passengers use local railway station and 5.5 millions of passengers use Horki bus station. The most famous museum of the district is the Memorial complex of “soviet-polish friendship” in Ramanava (Lenina) village. On the territory of Horki district the Pronia, Basia, Ramiastvianka, Lebiedzieŭka, Dniaprec, Miareja run. The useful minerals are peat, sands, and clays.

</doc>
<doc id="21534786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534786" title="2006 AFC Women's Asian Cup qualification">
2006 AFC Women's Asian Cup qualification

The 2006 AFC Women's Championship qualification is the qualification for the 2006 AFC Women's Asian Cup football competition. All matches were played at the My Dinh Stadium, Hanoi. The two top teams in each group qualified for the play-off stage.
Second round.
The winners of each match qualified for the main tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21534796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534796" title="Edwin Wendler">
Edwin Wendler

Edwin Wendler (born 11 April 1975) is an Austrian composer working in Los Angeles, California.
Biography.
Born into a musical family (Wendler's father, Prof. Dr. Anton Wendler, worked as a tenor and assistant director at the Vienna State Opera while his mother had a brief career as an operatic soprano before switching careers to work for the United Nations), Wendler attended the Vienna Choir Boys from 1985 until 1989, participating in four tours around the globe, singing in more than 500 concerts and opera performances, sharing stages with José Carreras, Agnes Baltsa, and Alfredo Kraus, and working with conductors such as Colin Davis and Horst Stein. After his voice changed, Wendler attended the Theresianische Akademie, from which he graduated with honors, in 1993.
Wendler's passion for film music started at around the age of 10, and by the time he graduated from high school, his collection of soundtrack CD's exceeded 1500. From 1996 until 1998, Wendler wrote, directed, and scored several award-winning short films for the Austrian independent film company, Magellan-Film. His work was showcased at several independent, local and international film festivals, including the UNICA Festival.
Wendler earned certificates in film scoring and screenwriting from UCLA Extension in 1999. His first concert commission arrived that same year from the University of Ottawa and its choral director, Laurence Ewashko. The resulting piece, "Consolatio", for choir and symphony orchestra, received a standing ovation at its premiere at St. Joseph's Church, Ottawa, and was subsequently broadcast on local Canadian television stations. In 2004, the piece was performed at Bridgewater Hall, Manchester, by the Stockport Youth Orchestra and five combined choirs from the area. Philip Mackenzie conducted.
After composing music for dozens of short films, Wendler landed his first feature film when writer/director Temi Lopez hired him to score his 2001 movie, "Home - The Horror Story", starring Richard Beymer and Grace Zabriskie.
In 2003, Wendler scored JoséAntonio W. Danner’s ambitious comedy short film, "Wrong Hollywood Number". Collaborators on this project: London Metropolitan Orchestra, legendary recording engineer Mike Ross-Trevor, and Academy Award-nominated scoring mixer Dennis S. Sands.
In 2004, Wendler was accepted into the prestigious ASCAP Film Scoring Workshop, which concluded with a recording session at 20th Century Fox’s Newman Scoring Stage, with famed scoring mixer Armin Steiner and the Hollywood Studio Symphony Orchestra.
Also in 2004, film composer Paul Haslinger asked Wendler to join his team as an arranger, orchestrator, and music programmer, resulting in work on the movies "Into the Blue", "Turistas", "The Fifth Commandment", and "Gardener of Eden", as well as the second season of the Showtime series, "Sleeper Cell". During this time, Wendler also wrote additional music for the NBC reality series, "Fear Factor".
In 2007, Wendler was hired to score the internet series, "The Interior" (soundtrack released by Perseverance Records as an online exclusive album), and in late 2008 / early 2009, he wrote the music for the U.S. version of the film, "Broken Angel".
In November 2009, artistic director and conductor Christopher McCafferty commissioned a piece for a cappella choir from Edwin Wendler. The Illumni Men's Chorale premiered the resulting "Winter Medley" at its inaugural concerts on December 19 and 20, 2009, in the Seattle area.
Composer John Ottman hired Wendler as orchestrator on the 2010 movie, "The Losers".

</doc>
<doc id="21534802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534802" title="Louise Ebert">
Louise Ebert

Louise Ebert (born 1873 in Melchiorshausen/Weyhe as "Louise Rump" died 1955 in Heidelberg) on May 9, 1894 in Bremen married Friedrich Ebert, who from his election in 1919 until his death on 28 February 1925 served as the first Reichspräsident of the Weimar Republic.
The couple had four recorded sons and one recorded daughter. The eldest son, named Friedrich like his father, served as mayor of East Berlin between 1948 and 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21534804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534804" title="Ministry of Public Service (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Public Service (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Public Service is a government ministry, responsible for parastatals in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Elphas Mukonoweshuro and the deputy minister is Andrew Langa. Its oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21534806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534806" title="Paul Christie (musician)">
Paul Christie (musician)

Paul Christie is an Australian bassist and vocalist born in Brisbane in 1953. He came to prominence as a member of the second and most successful lineup of the group Mondo Rock, which was founded by former Daddy Cool leader Ross Wilson. Christie performed on many of the group's hits in the early 1980s including 'State of The Heart', 'Cool World', 'Summer of '81', 'Chemistry', 'No Time', 'The Queen & Me' & 'In Another Love'.
After leaving Mondo Rock Christie founded the all-star touring group The Party Boys in November 1982. From his memoirs...
'Upon leaving Mondo Rock in late 1982 I returned to Sydney and took a break on the northern beaches. I thought about options for the future and devised the concept of The Party Boys. Australian Crawl singer James Reyne & I had become friends whilst I was living in Melbourne. We shared a common belief that as musicians, we were not receiving the best financial returns based on the success experienced in our respective bands. This was the way the music business was structured coming out of the ‘70’s into the early ‘80’s...
I believed a line-up of musicians from a number of known bands performing together for an interim period, managed and coordinated by myself, would succeed, for the benefit of the musicians. In October of 1982 I approached the manager of Moby Dick Surfers Club, Graham Chatfield and proposed two concert dates for Nov 14th & 21st 1982. He accepted and booked the yet unrehearsed band. James was in Sydney filming ‘Return To Eden’, he had available time. I called guitarist Ian Moss (Cold Chisel) who was unavailable however his housemate Harvey James (Ariel, Sherbet) was and agreed to participate. I had worked with The Angels fleetingly and become friends with drummer Graham Bidstrup, he joined along with Kevin Borich who had employed me as bass player from 1977-1979 in the Kevin Borich Express...
The Nov 14th date was wildly successful, the band then performed at The Astra Hotel Bondi, The National Hotel Brisbane, The Manly Vale Hotel then Moby’s again on the 21st. A live album ‘Live At Several 21st’s' was recorded by Keith Walker of 2JJJ at Manly Vale. Released by EMI Records it achieved Gold + sales status. The band went through several incarnations over the next decade and included many famous Australian and international musicians including former and current members of Status Quo, The Eagles, Kevin Borich, The Animals, The Angels, Sherbet, Skyhooks, Rose Tattoo, The Choirboys, Australian Crawl, Divinyls, Models, Dragon, Swanee, GANGgajang, Rainbow, Alcatrazz, AC/DC and Noiseworks.
Paul is now the founding partner of Almost Famous [http://www.almost-famous.biz], a corporate teambuilding and events company.

</doc>
<doc id="21534813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534813" title="Ministry of Women's Affairs, Gender and Community Development (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Women's Affairs, Gender and Community Development (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Women's Affairs, Gender and Community Development is a government ministry, responsible for gender and community issues in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Olivia Muchena since February 13, 2009 and the deputy minister is Evelyn Masaiti. 
It was established in 2005 and was headed by Opa Muchinguri from its inception until January 3, 2009, when she was dismissed from office. Sithembiso Nyoni gained the portfolio of the office until Muchena was sworn into office.

</doc>
<doc id="21534818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534818" title="Dick Conroy">
Dick Conroy

Dick Conroy (29 July 1927 – 1991) was an English professional footballer who played for both of his hometown clubs – Bradford City and Bradford Park Avenue. He also played for Swain House and Grantham Town.

</doc>
<doc id="21534820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534820" title="History of Ilkley">
History of Ilkley

Ilkley is a town and civil parish in West Yorkshire, in the north of England. It has been inhabited since at least the Mesolithic period; was the site of a Roman fort, and much later an early example of a spa town. In more recent times it serves as a residential district within the travel to work areas of Bradford, Leeds and Keighley. 
According to the probably outdated history of the 19th century clergyman Robert Collyer, Ilkley takes its name from "Llecan, the old British word for rock", this, presumably, alluding to the craggy prominences of the area such as the Cow and Calf on Ilkley Moor.
Prehistory.
The earliest evidence of habitation in the Ilkley area is flint arrowheads or microliths, dating to the Mesolithic period, from about 11,000 BC onwards. The area around Ilkley has been continuously settled since at least the early Bronze Age, around 1800 BC; more than 250 cup and ring marks, and curved a swastika carving dating to the period have been found on rock outcrops, and archaeological remains of dwellings are found on Ilkley Moor. A druidical stone circle, the Twelve Apostles Stone Circle, was constructed 2,000 years ago. Serious interest in the rock art of Ilkley began after the publication in 1879, by John Romilly Allen, of "The Prehistoric Rock Sculptures of Ilkley" in "The Journal of the British Archaeological Association".
Robert Collyer notes that Ilkley was at the centre of the territory of the Brigantes, and states that it was one of ten strongholds of this tribe. He notes that the town was on a pre-Roman track-way running from the north through Catterick to Chester and Holyhead.
Roman period.
In the Roman period, Ilkley lay at a crossroads of Roman roads, connecting to Catterick and Adel; Skipton and Gisburn; Aldborough, Knaresborough and Blubberhouses; and Morton leading to Manchester.
The remains of a Roman fort exist on a site now near the centre of the town. A number of authorities believe that the fort is that of Olicana, dating to 79 AD, but the identification is not settled. The fort's outline is clear: some one hundred and sixty yards by one hundred yards in size, it was placed on a steep bank above the river Wharfe on the north side, and bounded by deep channels of a brook immediately on the east and west. The southern boundary seems to have coincided with the present street. The foundations of the fort on the bank are very conspicuous, and remains of Roman brick, glass, and earthenware have been found on the edges of the brow. An Elizabethan Manor House and the parish church, All Saints, stand within the precincts of the fort. 
A number of altars have been discovered dating to Roman times. The oldest, found in the south east corner of the church and now defaced, is according to William Camden's account of a 1570 inspection, from the time of Emperor Antoninus Pius (138 to 161) and named the Prefect of the Cohort" then stationed here, as Cæcilius. A second, retrieved from the Wharfe, is thought to have been dedicated by Clodius Front., the Roman officer, to Verbeia, the goddess-nymph of the stream, for his safety. It states that the cohort were maintained in the garrison, and that they were composed of Frenchmen. Another altar described by Camden dates to the time of Septimius Severus and his son Caracalla (211 to 217) and notes that the fort has been repaired under the superintendence of Virius Lupus, lieutenant and proprætor in Britain; from which we may conclude that the station was then in its fullest glory.
Anglo-Saxon period.
Collyer notes that there is not one sure word about Ilkley in the 800 years after the improvement of the fort by Virius Lupus; but that by the Norman period the area had an Anglo-Saxon name, derived from the Roman and Old British names; was a parish with church and priest; and contained four centres of life and industry, namely Ilkley, Nessfield, Middleton and Stubham. He conjectures that Ilkley's place on the track and road system of the time would have ensured that it was affected by the waves of invasions of Britain which took place throughout the Dark Ages, with Angles, Saxons and Danes settling and bequeathing names to the locality, whilst at the same time perhaps squeezing out the indigenous and Roman descent population.
Ilkley's Anglo-Saxon church is taken by Collyer to date to a 627 consecration, and most probably arising out of preaching by Paulinus Three Anglo-Saxon crosses formerly in the churchyard of All Saints, but now removed into the church to prevent erosion, date to the 8th century.
Norman period and the Middleton family.
Ilkley formed part of the Wapentake of Skyrack; its lands to the north of the river fell into the wapentake of Claro. In the Domesday Book, dating to 1086, Ilkley (Ilecliue/Illecliue/Illiclei/Illicleia) is listed as being in the possession of William de Percy 1st Baron Percy. By 1242 the land had passed to the Kyme family, of whose number Philip de Kyme appointed the first rector of the parish church on 11 December. The land was acquired by the Middelton family of Myddelton Lodge, from about a century after the time of William the Conqueror. The family lost possession through a series of land sales and mortgage repossessions throughout a period of about a hundred years from the early nineteenth century. The agents of William Middelton (1815–1885) were responsible for the design of the new town of Ilkley to replace the village which had stood there before.
Spa town and the railway.
In the 17th and 18th centuries the town gained a reputation for the efficacy of its water. The Middleton family constructed and for many years maintained White Wells, an early example of a spa building containing dressing rooms and a bath fed from a spring, in the eighteenth century. The Middletons encouraged visitors by permitting shooting on the manor and fishing in the river. Prior to the spa boom, however, Ilkley was "a little, old and ragged village" of single story thatched cottages. 
In the 19th century the town became established as a fashionable spa town, with the construction a mile to the east of the town, at Wheatley, of the vast Ben Rhydding Hydro or Hydropathic Establishment between 1843 and 1844. Tourists flocked here to 'take the waters' and bathe in the cold water spring. Wheatley today is called Ben Rhydding after the Hydro (since demolished).
Development based on the Hydro movement, and upon the establishment of a number of convalescent homes and hospitals, was accelerated by the establishment of a railway connection from Leeds and Bradford in 1865. Charles Darwin underwent hydropathic treatment at Wells House when his book "On the Origin of Species" was published on 24 November 1859, staying with his family at the nearby North View House (now Hillside Court). Other Victorian visitors to the town include Madame Tussaud. Today, the only remaining Hydro is the white cottage known as White Wells House, which can be seen and visited on the edge of the moor over-looking the town.
20th century.
By and through the 20th century Ilkley become a very wealthy dormitory town for the nearby cities of Leeds and Bradford. During 1906–08 architect Edwin Lutyens built Heathcote, a particularly large Neoclassical style villa, for John Thomas Hemingway, a Bradford wool merchant. It is a Grade II* listed building.
T. S. Eliot in 1916 delivered six extension lectures in Ilkley, on the theme of modern French literature.
He considered Wensleydale to be the 'Mozart of cheeses'.
Between the 5 and 17 August 1923, philosopher and educator Rudolf Steiner delivered a series of fourteen lectures at Ilkley which were published as "A Modern Art of Education." They provided a comprehensive overview of Waldorf education. In his report of the event, which embodies the language of his distinctive philosophical approach, he commented on the town's archaeological heritage:
In 1967 Jimi Hendrix played at the Troutbeck Hotel, now a nursing home, although the show was cut short by the police. The local newspaper headline read "Pop Fans Ran Amok in Hotel". Audience members allegedly ripped off doors, pulled out electrical fittings and smashed furniture after a police sergeant stepped on stage and stopped Hendrix mid-way through a number.
1973 saw the start of the annual Ilkley Literature Festival, the largest in Northern England. W. H. Auden gave his last English reading there that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21534825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534825" title="SLAF Ekala">
SLAF Ekala

SLAF "Ekala" is the Sri Lanka Air Force station in Ekala(Ja-Ela). It is the primary training centre for all Sri Lanka Air Force specialist airmen trades, to this end the station is home to the Advanced & Specialized Trade Training School ( A & S TTS). It is also the home of the office of Chief Recruiting Officer, who is responsible for recruiting Officers and others ranks to the SLAF. 
The base was established by the RAF and was later handed over to RCyAF. It was the first RCyAF detachment to come under hostile attack on the 5 April 1971 at the outset of the JVP Insurrection. That same year the an Electronics & telecommunications Maintenance Unit was opened at the base, responsible for installation and maintenance of airborne & ground radio systems, telecommunications & landline equipment, air traffic communications, radio navigational aids and other electronic apparatus in the RCyAF. It operatied on a three-pronged basis - Technical Wing, Administrative Squadron and Landline Flight. This Unit also trained personnel, and provided signals detachments at RCyAF formations. This was later shifted to SLAF Ratmalana and renamed as Electronics & Telecommunications Wing. In 1993, the Advanced and Specialised Trade Training School was relocated to SLAF Ekala from SLAF Katunayake. 

</doc>
<doc id="21534826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534826" title="Terry Morrison">
Terry Morrison

Terry Morrison is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21534828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534828" title="Ministry of Defence (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Defence (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Defence is a Zimbabwe Government ministry, responsible for defence and national defence policy.
Organization.
The Ministry is located in Harare.
It oversees:
Minister of Defence.
The incumbent is Emmerson Mnangagwa.

</doc>
<doc id="21534830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534830" title="Per Lie">
Per Lie

Per Lie (20 May 1907 – 5 March 1945) was a Norwegian labour activist who was imprisoned and killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.
He was born in Kristiania as the son of Andreas Lie and his wife Karen, née Gunnarsrud. He was the younger brother of known politician Haakon Lie. The family was poor and, until 1916, his father had to work 112 hours a week. With his parents, two brothers, and two sisters, he shared one room and a kitchen. Per Lie married in 1943, and had one child. The family settled in Aker.
Lie, having middle school as his highest education, worked as a secretary then World War II broke out. When German occupation of Norway, he involved himself in resistance work. He helped print and spread the illegal laborers' publication "Fri Fagbevegelse", and assisted people who fled the country. He was arrested in February 1942, and imprisoned at Møllergata 19. After nine months he was transferred to Grini and later to a German Nacht und Nebel camp in February 1943. He eventually wound up at Dachau, where he died in March 1945 from typhoid fever.

</doc>
<doc id="21534836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534836" title="W. A. Swanberg">
W. A. Swanberg

William Andrew Swanberg (1907–1992) was an American biographer. He may be known best for "Citizen Hearst", a biography of William Randolph Hearst, which was recommended by the Pulitzer Prize board in 1962 but overturned by the trustees. 
He won that Pulitzer in 1973 for a biography of Henry Luce and he won the National Book Award in 1977 for a biography of Norman Mailer.
Life.
Swanberg was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota in 1907 and earned his B.A. at the University of Minnesota in 1930. He was a Guggenheim fellow in 1960. He died of heart failure in Southbury, Connecticut in 1992.
With grudging and only partial help from his father (who wanted his son to be a cabinet maker like himself), Swanberg obtained his degree only to find that employment as a journalist with the local dailies, the St. Paul Daily News or the Minneapolis Star, was not to be. Staffs at those papers were shrinking, not expanding and the new graduate instead was lucky to find a succession of low-paying manual labor jobs. After five years of this he followed a college friend of his to New York City in September 1935. After months of anxious searching for a job his luck turned when he got an interview at the Dell Publishing Company with George T. Delacorte Jr. himself and was hired as an assistant editor of three low brow magazines. Money saved in the next months enabled him to return briefly to the mid-West to marry his college sweetheart, Dorothy Green, and bring her to New York. He soon began to climb up the editorial ladder at Dell. By 1939 he was doing well enough to buy a house in Connecticut and commute by rail to his office in the City.
When war came he was 34 years old with two children and a hearing disability. Rejected by the army, he enlisted in the Office of War Information in 1943 and after training was sent to England shortly after the D-Day invasion. There in London in the midst of the V-1 and V-2 attacks he prepared and edited pamphlets to be air-dropped behind enemy lines in France and later in Norway. With the end of the war he returned in October 1945 to Dell and the publishing world.
He did not return to magazine editing but instead did freelance work within and without Dell. By 1953 he began carving out time for researching his first book (Sickles) which was bought by Scribner’s beginning a long-term association. His early dream of newspaper work never became reality, but by the mid-1950s he had found his métier, namely as a professional, scholarly biographer. But such biographies were labor-intensive and took up to four years each even with the researching and transcribing help of his wife Dorothy. When he turned 80 in 1987 he figured he had done his last biography but old habits were hard to break and he got the itch to do just one more, this time on William Eugene “Pussyfoot” Johnson (1862–1945). He was hard at work on that project when he succumbed at his typewriter on September 17, 1992. His papers are archived at Columbia University.
Works.
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about William Andre. Swanberg, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 30+ works in 100+ publications in 5 languages and 16,000+ library holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="21534838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534838" title="Ministry of Youth Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Youth Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Youth Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment is a government ministry, responsible for youth issues and economic empowerment in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Francis Nhema and the deputy minister is Mathias Tongofa.

</doc>
<doc id="21534841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534841" title="ITV News Lookaround">
ITV News Lookaround

ITV News Lookaround is a regional television news and current affairs programme, produced by ITV Tyne Tees & Border from its studios in Gateshead, and serving Cumbria, Dumfries and Galloway, parts of South Ayrshire, the Scottish Borders and overlap areas of Northumberland.
History.
1961 – 2009.
ITV Border's regional news service began on 1 September 1961 from studios at Harraby, Carlisle. Initially producing short evening bulletins and a topical magazine programme called "Focus", "Lookaround" would become the station's flagship daily programme later on in the decade. Shorter bulletins were known as "Border News". Meanwhile, the ITV Tyne Tees region had its own wholly separate news services. "Lookaround" is also known locally in Cumbrian dialect as "Border Crack an' Deekabout"
2009 – 2013.
Proposed merger with ITV Tyne Tees.
In September 2007, ITV plc announced that ITV Border news operations would be merged with ITV Tyne Tees, subject to the approval from the regulator Ofcom. 
On 24 April 2008, a campaign to save the ITV Border news operation arrived in London with a petition of 9000 signed by viewers. This was ahead of MPs meeting with industry regulator Ofcom.
Ofcom authorises ITV's plans.
On 26 September 2008, Ofcom authorised ITV's plans to save £40m a year by making regional programming cutbacks. These include axing mid-morning bulletins on weekdays and lunchtime bulletins at weekends, plus merging a number of regions and halving the number of non-news regional programmes.
On 30 September 2008, it was announced the number of ITV Border employees would be slashed from 64 to 13.
Following a survey of Isle of Man viewers in autumn 2008, coverage of the Isle of Man was transferred from ITV Border to ITV Granada in July 2009.
"ITV News Lookaround" begins transmitting from Gateshead.
"ITV News Lookaround" retains an office in Carlisle where the news editor, planning and online teams are based along with correspondents, but as of February 2009, the programme is transmitted from ITV Tyne Tees' studios at The Watermark, Gateshead. As part of the merger, six district reporters were appointed - working from home unless based in Carlisle or Edinburgh. The district reporters announced were Victoria Hoe in Kendal, Hannah Lomas in Carlisle, Lee Madan in Selkirk, Stuart Pollitt in Whitehaven, Olivia Richwald in Dumfries and Kathryn Samson in Edinburgh.
ITV Tyne Tees & Border was formed on 25 February 2009, with "Lookaround" and "North East Tonight" titles retained for the 6pm programme and late bulletin each weekday, whilst shorter bulletins were known simply as "Tyne Tees & Border News".
The then remaining sub-regional elements were:
On 14 January 2013, the news service was relaunched and rebranded as "ITV News Lookaround".
2013 – present.
Southern Scotland coverage reviewed.
On 23 May 2012, ITV announced proposals for further changes on its regional news programming, with "some content replaced with aggregate of news from several regions" and an expansion in sub-regional coverage. In November, upon the renewal of ITV's licences for a further ten years, Culture Secretary Maria Millar asked Ofcom to look into proposals for the Border region which would leave Southern Scotland viewers without "the same level of Scottish programming as viewers elsewhere in the country", covered by STV, Culture Secretary Maria Millar asked Ofcom to look at this proposal.
In a consultation document, Ofcom set out two potential options, with any changes coming into effect in 2015 at the latest. ITV proposed re-introducing a full news service exclusively for the Border region, including the return of half-hour editions of "ITV News Lookaround" and short news bulletins, as well as introducing a weekly current affairs programme for the region. The second option was to enforce ITV Border to broadcast 90 minutes a week of non-news programming, including programming from STV.
Press reports indicated a political split in opinion on the issue. In April, the Borders Chamber and members of the local authority at Newton and the Scottish Borders Chamber of Commerce publicly supported the second option - with the Chamber calling for a national ITV service for the whole of Scotland. 
Two members of the UK Government - Scottish Secretary of State Michael Moore and deputy David Mundell (both MPs in the Border region) - backed ITV's proposal for a Border current affairs programme while the Scottish Government called for STV programming (including "Scotland Tonight") to be simulcast.
On 16 May 2013, the first televised Scottish independence debate was broadcast on STV's "Scotland Tonight" across northern and central Scotland, however viewers in the south of the country were unable to see it as ITV Border took the decision not to broadcast it, leading to further criticism from politicians in the region. Michael Jermey, ITV Director of News and Current Affairs, pledged some programming from STV would air on ITV Border.
On 23 July 2013, OFCOM announced it had approved the second option of Scottish non-news programming. The regulator also ordered ITV to reopen the former Border Scotland service previously utilized for split news bulletins and simulcasts of select STV programming. The opt-out service was launched on Freeview in January 2014 and consists of a thrice-weekly political programme, "Representing Border", and a weekly feature series, "Border Life". The bespoke local programming is not seen in Cumbria, where network programming continues to air.
"ITV News Lookaround" fully restored.
On 14 June 2013, it was reported "ITV News Lookaround" would be restored to a full 30-minute programme along with ITV recruiting journalists for an Autumn launch. 
A month later, Ofcom approved ITV's plans to restore Border's news service. All short bulletins - including daytime and weekend updates - are now exclusive to the Border region, however with the minutage decreased. The changes came into effect on 16 September 2013.
ITV Tyne Tees & Border continues to broadcast from the Gateshead studios - as such, both regional services utilise exactly the same presenter(s) and studio/set, therefore one of the two programmes - depending on the day's news - is pre-recorded 'as live' shortly before broadcast. The head of ITV Border's news and regional programmes is Michaela Byrne, based in Gateshead, with Catherine Houlihan as managing editor, based at Border's Carlisle offices.
Broadcast times.
"ITV News Lookaround" airs on ITV Border each weeknight at 6pm.
On weekdays, a four-minute lunchtime bulletin airs at 1.55pm, followed by the main half-hour programme at 6pm and an eight-minute late bulletin at 10.30pm following "ITV News at Ten". At weekends, two 5 or 10-minute editions of "ITV News Border" are broadcast – one later on Saturday afternoons and another on Sunday evenings. At weekends, two 5-minute editions of "ITV News Border" are broadcast - one later on Saturday afternoons and another on Sunday evenings.
On weekday mornings, "Good Morning Border" airs short bulletins within "Good Morning Britain" at approximately 6.25am, 6.55am, 7.25am and 7.55am.
Past presenters/presenters.
Listing former presenters/reporters for "Lookaround" and their subsequent employers.
Off screen staff.
Head of News
Planning Editor
Production Journalists
Production Specialist<br>
Andy Brecken
Camera Operators<br>
David Atkinson<br>
Paul Dobson

</doc>
<doc id="21534843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534843" title="Li Duan">
Li Duan

He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a silver medal in the men's Triple jump F11 event, a bronze medal in the men's Long jump F11 event and finished seventh in the men's Javelin throw F11 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's Triple jump F11 event, a gold medal in the men's Long jump F11 event and finished fourth in the men's Javelin throw F11 event. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, he won gold medals in the men's Long jump F11 and Triple jump F11 events. He broke the Triple Jump F11 world record in the process. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics he won silver in the Triple jump and bronze in the Long jump.
Li Duan has become known for his showmanship, arriving on the runway still in tracksuit pants, then stripping down to his shorts with a flourish just before commencing a jump.

</doc>
<doc id="21534852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534852" title="William Brewer">
William Brewer

William Brewer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21534857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534857" title="Markéta Luskačová">
Markéta Luskačová

Markéta Luskačová (b. Prague, 1944) is a Czech photographer known for her series of photographs taken in Slovakia, Britain and elsewhere. Considered one of the best Czech social photographers to date, since the 1990s she has photographed children in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and also Poland.
Biography.
In 1968 Luskačová graduated from Charles University in Prague with a thesis on religion in Slovakia. During her stay in Slovakia, she became familiar with the old Christian rites and decided to return with a camera to document the surviving traditions. Her thesis was titled "Poutě na Východním Slovensku" (Pilgrimages in East Slovakia). In the "Pilgrimages" cycle she mainly focused on the Slovak village of Šumiac. Following that she studied photography at FAMU, in this period photographing in Slovakia and Poland. 
From 1970 to 1972, Luskačová photographed stage performances of the "Za branou" theatre, founded by director Otomar Krejča. However, the theatre was banned by communists in the spring of 1972. The same year, she was allowed to display the cycle "Pilgrims" in the Gallery of Visual Arts in Roudnice nad Labem (the curator of the exhibition was the photography theorist and art historian Anna Fárová). In 1971, Luskačová married the poet Franz H. Wurm (native of Prague and a British citizen). Wurm, terrified by the "Normalization" in Czechoslovakia, left the country and Luskačová asked the state authorities for permission to visit her husband abroad. After several short visits she received a form for emigration (1975) and went to live in England. However, in an interview she claimed: "Bohemia, Prague and Šumiac have never ceased to be my home. I always took my life abroad as a kind of stopgap that stretched to be a considerable part of my life." 
In the 1970s and 80s, the communist censorship attempted to conceal her international reputation. Her works were banned in Czechoslovakia, and the catalogues for the exhibition "Pilgrims" in the Victoria and Albert Museum were lost on their way to Czechoslovakia. 
Luskačová started photographing London's markets in 1974. In the markets of Portobello Road, Brixton and Spitalfields, she “ a vivid Dickensian staging”.

</doc>
<doc id="21534859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534859" title="Lex Gillette">
Lex Gillette

Elexis "Lex" Gillette is a blind Paralympic athlete from North Carolina in the United States competing in T11 (track) and F11 (field) events.
He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics, where he won silver in the Men's Long Jump F11 event. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, he won a silver medal in the Men's Long Jump F11 event and finished fifth in the Men's Triple jump F11; he competed in 100m and 200m sprint events but did not make finals. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, he won a third consecutive silver Long Jump medal. His medal-winning jump was not his personal best. He broke the Long Jump world record for F11 classified athletes with a leap of in 2011. his record still stands.
He went to high school at Athens Drive High School and college at East Carolina University.

</doc>
<doc id="21534861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534861" title="Gerrit de Graeff (I.) van Zuid-Polsbroek">
Gerrit de Graeff (I.) van Zuid-Polsbroek

Gerrit de Graeff (I.) van Zuid-Polsbroek (February 27, 1711 in Amsterdam – November 10, 1752) was a member of the De Graeff – Family from the Dutch Golden Age. De Graeff was "known for his wealth and notorious for his stinginess".
Family.
Gerrit was the son of Johan de Graeff and his wife "Johanna Hooft". 
In 1734 he married Maria Elisabeth Sautijn, and in 1739, after his first had died, with Elizabeth Lestevenon (1716–1766). Mattheus Lestevenon, the Dutch ambassador to France, became his brother-in-law. With his first wife he had one child, Johan de Graeff, who died at the age of 19. With his second wife he had six children; Abraham (1743–1744), Pieter (1746–1762) and Elisabeth Jacoba de Graeff (1748–1750) died young. 
Career, art and lifestyle.
In 1732 De Graeff finished his studies at the University of Leiden. In 1736 he became one of the chairmen of the Dutch East Indies Company (VOC) One year later he was appointed as one of the Chairmen of the Dutch West India Company (WIC). In 1739 he became a member of the "vroedschap", and captain in the schutterij. From 1748 to 1752 he was one of the directors of the Company of Surinam" and "commissaris in Noorderkwartier".
Gerrit de Graeff lived at Herengracht, in a mansion now the Tassenmuseum Hendrikje. In the first half of the 18th century an extensive renovation of the building takes place, particularly of the interiors. In the large period room various ceiling paintings and a mantelpiece with richly carved and gilded ornaments were installed. A richly ornamented chimneypiece in the late Louis XIV style was placed in the small period room. Most of the time he resided at his castle Ilpenstein. He also owned "Bronstee", a country estate near Heemstede.
De Graeff had a famous art collection, and sold some of the family paintings to an art dealer from Hamburg. William VIII, Landgrave of Hesse-Cassel bought "Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph" (the sitters were Wendela de Graeff and her two sons) and the "Portrait of Andries de Graeff" The two famous paintings, both by Rembrandt, can be seen in Wilhelmshöhe in Kassel.

</doc>
<doc id="21534868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534868" title="South Tyrol Alpine Club">
South Tyrol Alpine Club

The South Tyrol Alpine Club (), abbreviated AVS, is an association of German and Ladin-speaking mountain climbers in South Tyrol, northern Italy. Founded in 1946, it is sub-divided into 32 sections and 58 local divisions. The AVS is based in Bolzano and has more than 60,000 members.
History.
Originally, the South Tyrolean alpine club sections were members of the German and Austrian Alpine Club ("Deutscher und Österreichischer Alpenverein"). In 1869 the first sections were founded in Bozen and Niederdorf, Puster Valley. By 1910, 15 more sections had been established in South Tyrol. They initiated the construction of 19 mountain huts, an extensive network of paths through the mountains and training for mountain guides. After the end of the First World War, the annexation of South Tyrol by Italy and the coming into power of the fascists, the South Tyrolean sections were disappropriated and banned in 1923 (see Italianization of South Tyrol). After the end of the Second World War, on December 31, 1945, the military administration of the Allies permitted the foundation of the South Tyrol Alpine Club. Its inaugural meeting took place in Bolzano on 14 June 1946.
Nowadays, the AVS takes care of more than 9,500 km of hiking trails and is involved in nature conservancy and South Tyrolean cultural issues as well. The club is a member of the Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme and the Club Arc Alpin. In 2007, the AVS finished its project to digitalise all hiking trails in South Tyrol.

</doc>
<doc id="21534870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534870" title="Bourra">
Bourra


</doc>
<doc id="21534872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534872" title="Kilvaxter">
Kilvaxter

Kilvaxter () is a crofting township on the Trotternish peninsula of the Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland. It is in the council area of Highland. The A855 road passes through the area. Kilvaxter is north of Uig.

</doc>
<doc id="21534875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534875" title="Fixed exchange-rate system">
Fixed exchange-rate system

A fixed exchange rate, sometimes called a pegged exchange rate, is a type of exchange rate regime where a currency's value is fixed against the value of another single currency, to a basket of other currencies, or to another measure of value, such as gold. A fixed exchange rate is usually used to stabilize the value of a currency against the currency it is pegged to. This makes trade and investments between the two currency areas easier and more predictable, and is especially useful for small economies in which external trade forms a large part of their GDP. It can also be used as a means to control inflation. However, as the reference value rises and falls, so does the currency pegged to it. In addition, according to the Mundell–Fleming model, with perfect capital mobility, a fixed exchange rate prevents a government from using domestic monetary policy in order to achieve macroeconomic stability.
In a fixed exchange-rate system, a country’s government decides the worth of its currency in terms of either a fixed weight of gold, a fixed amount of another currency or a basket of other currencies. Typically an open market mechanism is used, where the central bank of a country remains committed at all times to buy and sell its currency at a fixed price. The central bank provides foreign currency needed to finance payments imbalances.
In the 2000s, currencies associated with large economies typically do not fix exchange rates to other currencies. The last large economy to use a fixed exchange, the People's Republic of China adopted a slightly more flexible managed exchange rate July 2005. The European Exchange Rate Mechanism is also used on a temporary basis to establish a final conversion rate from local currencies for countries joining the euro.
History.
The gold standard or gold exchange standard of fixed exchange rates prevailed from about 1870 to 1914, before which many countries followed bimetallism. The period between the two world wars was transitory, with the Bretton Woods system emerging as the new fixed exchange rate regime in the aftermath of World War II. It was formed with an intent to rebuild war-ravaged nations after World War II through a series of currency stabilization programs and infrastructure loans. The early 1970s witnessed the breakdown of the system and its replacement by a mixture of fluctuating and fixed exchange rates.
Chronology.
Timeline of the fixed exchange rate system:
Gold standard.
The earliest establishment of a gold standard was in the United Kingdom in 1821 followed by Australia in 1852 and Canada in 1853. Under this system, the external value of all currencies was denominated in terms of gold with central banks ready to buy and sell unlimited quantities of gold at the fixed price. Each central bank maintained gold reserves as their official reserve asset. For example, during the “classical” gold standard period (1879–1914), the U.S. dollar was defined as 0.048 troy oz. of pure gold
Bretton Woods system.
Following the Second World War, the Bretton Woods system (1944–1973) replaced gold with the US$ as the official reserve asset. The regime intended to combine binding legal obligations with multilateral decision-making through the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The rules of this system were set forth in the articles of agreement of the IMF and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The system was a monetary order intended to govern currency relations among sovereign states, with the 44 member countries required to establish a parity of their national currencies in terms of the U.S. dollar and to maintain exchange rates within 1% of parity (a "band") by intervening in their foreign exchange markets (that is, buying or selling foreign money). The U.S. dollar was the only currency strong enough to meet the rising demands for international currency transactions, and so the United States agreed both to link the dollar to gold at the rate of $35 per ounce of gold and to convert dollars into gold at that price.
Due to concerns about America's rapidly deteriorating payments situation and massive flight of liquid capital from the U.S., President Richard Nixon suspended the convertibility of the dollar into gold on 15 August 1971. In December 1971, the Smithsonian Agreement paved the way for the increase in the value of the dollar price of gold from $35.50 $38 an ounce. Speculation against the dollar in March 1973 led to the birth of the independent float, thus effectively terminating the Bretton Woods system.
Current monetary regimes.
Since March 1973, the floating exchange rate has been followed and formally recognised by the Jamaica accord of 1978. Nations still need international reserves in order to intervene in foreign exchange markets to balance short-run fluctuations in exchange rates. The prevailing exchange rate regime is in fact often considered as a revival of the Bretton Woods policies, namely Bretton Woods II.
Mechanisms.
Open market trading.
Typically, a government wanting to maintain a fixed exchange rate does so by either buying or selling its own currency on the open market. This is one reason governments maintain reserves of foreign currencies. If the exchange rate drifts too far below the desired rate, the government sells its own currency in the market using its reserves. This places greater demand on the market and pushes up the price of the currency. If the exchange rate drifts too far above the desired rate, the government buys its own currency,and sells foreign currency thus reducing the pressure on demand, its foreign reserves falls.
Fiat.
Another, less used means of maintaining a fixed exchange rate is by simply making it illegal to trade currency at any other rate. This is difficult to enforce and often leads to a black market in foreign currency. Nonetheless, some countries are highly successful at using this method due to government monopolies over all money conversion. This was the method employed by the Chinese government to maintain a currency peg or tightly banded float against the US dollar. Throughout the 1990s, China was highly successful at maintaining a currency peg using a government monopoly over all currency conversion between the yuan and other currencies.
Open market mechanism example.
Under this system, the central bank first announces a ﬁxed exchange-rate for the currency and then agrees to buy and sell the domestic currency at this value. The market equilibrium exchange rate is the rate at which supply and demand will be equal, i.e., markets will clear. In a ﬂexible exchange rate system, this is the spot rate. In a ﬁxed exchange-rate system, the pre-announced rate may not coincide with the market equilibrium exchange rate. The foreign central banks maintain reserves of foreign currencies and gold which they can sell in order to intervene in the foreign exchange market to make up the excess demand or take up the excess supply 
The demand for foreign exchange is derived from the domestic demand for foreign goods, services, and financial assets. The supply of foreign exchange is similarly derived from the foreign demand for goods, services, and financial assets coming from the home country. Fixed exchange-rates are not permitted to fluctuate freely or respond to daily changes in demand and supply. The government fixes the exchange value of the currency. For example, the European Central Bank (ECB) may fix its exchange rate at €1 = $1 (assuming that the euro follows the fixed exchange-rate). This is the central value or par value of the euro. Upper and lower limits for the movement of the currency are imposed, beyond which variations in the exchange rate are not permitted. The "band" or "spread" in Fig.1 is €0.4 (from €1.2 to €0.8).
Excess demand for dollars.
Fig.2 describes the excess demand for dollars. This is a situation where domestic demand for foreign goods, services, and financial assets exceeds the foreign demand for goods, services, and financial assets from the European Union. If the demand for dollar rises from DD to D'D', excess demand is created to the extent of "cd". The ECB will sell "cd" dollars in exchange for euros to maintain the limit within the band. Under a floating exchange rate system, equilibrium would have been achieved at "e".
When the ECB sells dollars in this manner, its official dollar reserves decline and domestic money supply shrinks. To prevent this, the ECB may purchase government bonds and thus meet the shortfall in money supply. This is called sterilized intervention in the foreign exchange market.
When the ECB starts running out of reserves, it may also devalue the euro in order to reduce the excess demand for dollars, i.e., narrow the gap between the equilibrium and ﬁxed rates.
Excess supply of dollars.
Fig.3 describes the excess supply of dollars. This is a situation where the foreign demand for goods, services, and financial assets from the European Union exceeds the European demand for foreign goods, services, and financial assets. If the supply of dollars rises from SS to S'S', excess supply is created to the extent of "ab". The ECB will buy "ab" dollars in exchange for euros to maintain the limit within the band. Under a floating exchange rate system, equilibrium would again have been achieved at "e".
When the ECB buys dollars in this manner, its official dollar reserves increase and domestic money supply expands, which may lead to inflation. To prevent this, the ECB may sell government bonds and thus counter the rise in money supply.
When the ECB starts accumulating excess reserves, it may also revalue the euro in order to reduce the excess supply of dollars, i.e., narrow the gap between the equilibrium and ﬁxed rates. This is the opposite of devaluation.
Types of fixed exchange rate systems.
The gold standard.
Under the gold standard, a country’s government declares that it will exchange its currency for a certain weight in gold. In a pure gold standard, a country’s government declares that it will freely exchange currency for actual gold at the designated exchange rate. This "rule of exchange” allows anyone to go the central bank and exchange coins or currency for pure gold or vice versa. The gold standard works on the assumption that there are no restrictions on capital movements or export of gold by private citizens across countries.
Because the central bank must always be prepared to give out gold in exchange for coin and currency upon demand, it must maintain gold reserves. Thus, this system ensures that the exchange rate between currencies remains fixed.
For example, under this standard, a £1 gold coin in the United Kingdom contained 113.0016 grains of pure gold, while a $1 gold coin in the United States contained 23.22 grains. The mint parity or the exchange rate was thus:
R = $/£ = 113.0016/23.22 = 4.87.
The main argument in favour of the gold standard is that it ties the world price level to the world supply of gold, thus preventing inﬂation unless there is a gold discovery (a gold rush, for example).
Price specie flow mechanism.
The automatic adjustment mechanism under the gold standard is the price specie flow mechanism, which operates so as to correct any balance of payments disequilibria and adjust to shocks or changes. This mechanism was originally introduced by Richard Cantillon and later discussed by David Hume in 1752 to refute the mercantilist doctrines and emphasize that nations could not continuously accumulate gold by exporting more than their imports.
The assumptions of this mechanism are: 
Adjustment under a gold standard involves the flow of gold between countries resulting in equalization of prices satisfying purchasing power parity, and/or equalization of rates of return on assets satisfying interest rate parity at the current fixed exchange rate. Under the gold standard, each country's money supply consisted of either gold or paper currency backed by gold. Money supply would hence fall in the deficit nation and rise in the surplus nation. Consequently, internal prices would fall in the deficit nation and rise in the surplus nation, making the exports of the deficit nation more competitive than those of the surplus nations. The deficit nation's exports would be encouraged and the imports would be discouraged till the deficit in the balance of payments was eliminated.
In brief:
"Deficit nation": Lower money supply → Lower internal prices → More exports, less imports → Elimination of deficit
"Surplus nation": Higher money supply → Higher internal prices → Less exports, more imports → Elimination of surplus'"
Reserve currency standard.
In a reserve currency system, the currency of another country performs the functions that gold has in a gold standard. A country fixes its own currency value to a unit of another country’s currency, generally a currency that is prominently used in international transactions or is the currency of a major trading partner. For example, suppose India decided to fix its currency to the dollar at the exchange rate E₹/$ = 45.0. To maintain this fixed exchange rate, the Reserve Bank of India would need to hold dollars on reserve and stand ready to exchange rupees for dollars (or dollars for rupees) on demand at the specified exchange rate. In the gold standard the central bank held gold to exchange for "its own currency", with a reserve currency standard it must hold a stock of the "reserve currency".
Currency board arrangements are the most widespread means of fixed exchange rates. Under this, a nation rigidly pegs its currency to a foreign currency, Special drawing rights (SDR) or a basket of currencies. The central bank's role in the country's monetary policy is therefore minimal. CBAs have been operational in many nations like
Gold exchange standard.
The fixed exchange rate system set up after World War II was a gold-exchange standard, as was the system that prevailed between 1920 and the early 1930s. A gold exchange standard is a mixture of a reserve currency standard and a gold standard. Its characteristics are as follows:
Unlike the gold standard, the central bank of the reserve country does not exchange gold for currency with the general public, only with other central banks.
Hybrid exchange rate systems.
The current state of foreign exchange markets does not allow for the rigid system of fixed exchange rates. At the same time, freely floating exchange rates expose a country to volatility in exchange rates. Hybrid exchange rate systems have evolved in order to combine the characteristics features of fixed and flexible exchange rate systems. They allow fluctuation of the exchange rates without completely exposing the currency to the flexibility of a free float.
Basket-of-currencies.
Countries often have several important trading partners or are apprehensive of a particular currency being too volatile over an extended period of time. They can thus choose to peg their currency to a weighted average of several currencies (also known as a currency basket) . For example, a composite currency may be created consisting of hundred rupees, 100 Japanese yen and one U.S. dollar the country creating this composite would then need to maintain reserves in one or more of these currencies to satisfy excess demand or supply of its currency in the foreign exchange market.
A popular and widely used composite currency is the SDR, which is a composite currency created by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), consisting of a fixed quantity of U.S. dollars, euros, Japanese yen, and British pounds.
Crawling pegs.
In a crawling peg system a country fixes its exchange rate to another currency or basket of currencies. This fixed rate is changed from time to time at periodic intervals with a view to eliminating exchange rate volatility to some extent without imposing the constraint of a fixed rate. Crawling pegs are adjusted gradually, thus avoiding the need for interventions by the central bank (though it may still choose to do so in order to maintain the fixed rate in the event of excessive fluctuations).
Pegged within a band.
A currency is said to be pegged within a band when the central bank specifies a central exchange rate with reference to a single currency, a cooperative arrangement, or a currency composite. It also specifies a percentage allowable deviation on both sides of this central rate. Depending on the band width, the central bank has discretion in carrying out its monetary policy. The band itself may be a crawling one, which implies that the central rate is adjusted periodically. Bands may be symmetrically maintained around a crawling central parity (with the band moving in the same direction as this parity does). Alternatively, the band may be allowed to widen gradually without any pre-announced central rate.
Currency boards.
A currency board (also known as 'linked exchange rate system")effectively replaces the central bank through a legislation to fix the currency to that of another country. The domestic currency remains perpetually exchangeable for the reserve currency at the fixed exchange rate. As the anchor currency is now the basis for movements of the domestic currency, the interest rates and inflation in the domestic economy would be greatly influenced by those of the foreign economy to which the domestic currency is tied. The currency board needs to ensure the maintenance of adequate reserves of the anchor currency. It is a step away from officially adopting the anchor currency (termed as dollarization or euroization).
Dollarization/euroization.
This is the most extreme and rigid manner of fixing exchange rates as it entails adopting the currency of another country in place of its own. The most prominent example is the eurozone, where 17 European Union (EU) member states have adopted the euro (€) as their common currency. Their exchange rates are effectively fixed to each other.
There are similar examples of countries adopting the U.S. dollar as their domestic currency: British Virgin Islands, Caribbean Netherlands, East Timor, Ecuador, El Salvador, Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, Panama, and the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Disadvantages.
The main criticism of a fixed exchange rate is that flexible exchange rates serve to adjust the balance of trade. When a trade deficit occurs, there will be increased demand for the foreign (rather than domestic) currency which will push up the price of the foreign currency in terms of the domestic currency. That in turn makes the price of foreign goods less attractive to the domestic market and thus pushes down the trade deficit. Under fixed exchange rates, this automatic rebalancing does not occur.
Governments also have to invest many resources in getting the foreign reserves to pile up in order to defend the pegged exchange rate. Moreover a government, when having a fixed rather than dynamic exchange rate, cannot use monetary or fiscal policies with a free hand. For instance, by using reflationary tools to set the economy rolling (by decreasing taxes and injecting more money in the market), the government risks running into a trade deficit. This might occur as the purchasing power of a common household increases along with inflation, thus making imports relatively cheaper.
Additionally, the stubbornness of a government in defending a fixed exchange rate when in a trade deficit will force it to use deflationary measures (increased taxation and reduced availability of money), which can lead to unemployment. Finally, other countries with a fixed exchange rate can also retaliate in response to a certain country using the currency of theirs in defending their exchange rate.
Other noted disadvantages:
Fixed exchange rate regime versus capital control.
The belief that the fixed exchange rate regime brings with it stability is only partly true, since speculative attacks tend to target currencies with fixed exchange rate regimes, and in fact, the stability of the economic system is maintained mainly through capital control. A fixed exchange rate regime should be viewed as a tool in capital control.

</doc>
<doc id="21534891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534891" title="Anchawadi">
Anchawadi


</doc>
<doc id="21534908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534908" title="Gabero">
Gabero

The climate is sahelian, and is characterized by the alternation of two seasons: a long dry season (October to June) and a short wet season (July to September). The annual rainfall varies between 200 to 250 mm depending on the year.

</doc>
<doc id="21534920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534920" title="Marcin Rozynek">
Marcin Rozynek

Marcin Rozynek (born May 16, 1971 in Żywiec) is a Polish rock vocalist, songs' author, and music producer. He released six albums, two of them were recorded with friend band Atmosphere. He cooperated with Grzegorz Ciechowski.
Career.
Marcin Rozynek started his music career in bands named "Esther" 1989 and "Książę i Esther" 1992.
He appeared on the music scene as the vocalist of Atmosphere, established in 1993 in Leszno. In 1994 the group appeared at "Mokotowska Jesień Muzyczna", where they were runners-up just behind Myslovitz. Two years later they won competition "Marlboro Rock In". In 1997, Atmosphere released their self-titled debut album, "Atmosphere", and in 1999 released "Europa Naftowa". Atmosphere was awarded the "Album debut of the year 1997" by magazine "Tylko Rock" and was nominated for the award Fryderyk in 1998 in the category "Debut of the Year". In 1998, Atmosphere appeared at the National Festival of Polish Song in Opole with song "Niewielki Skrawek Ziemi".
In 2000, Marcin Rozynek met Grzegorz Ciechowski who undertook to release his first solo album. Work on Księga Urodzaju started in November 2001. At the beginning of December, Grzegorz Ciechowski got first effects of their cooperation, the end of the work was planned from January to February 2002. After Grzegorz Ciechowski's death, work on the album was finished by Leszek Biolik. Księga Urodzaju contains 11 songs, produced by Grzegorz Ciechowski and Leszek Biolik. Grzegorz Ciechowski also plays keyboard instruments. "Najlepsze", first single from the album, promoted "Show", film of Maciej Ślesicki and "Teraz albo nigdy!", soap opera being displayed now. Premiere of debutant's album Księga Urodzaju was May 12, 2003.
The next album of the artist, named "Następny Będziesz Ty", was released in October 2004. It was continuation of Księga Urodzaju in a big way. Big influence on the final form of the album was had by Leszek Kamiński, who also participated in production of the Rozynek's first one. In the album's last song "Wiem co" Piotr Wojtasik played the trumpet. As a bonus to the album was added song "Nick of Time", written with a view to Eurovision Song Contest 2004. In 2004 Marcin Rozynek appeared at the National Festival of Polish Song in Opole in a competition of premiers with song "Następny będziesz ty".
Marcin Rozynek was awarded the Fryderyk in 2004 in category "Vocalist of the Year", was nominated to this award in 2005, was awarded the "Superjedynka" in 2004 in Opole, was awarded as the "Artist of the Year" the Eska Music Award and was nominated to this award in categories "Hit of the Year – Poland" and "Album of the Year". Rozynek was also twice awarded the "Mikrofon Popcornu" as "Vocalist of the Year" in 2004 and 2005.
Third Marcin Rozynek's solo album named "On-Off" was released in December 2006. It's mainly acoustic-guitar album, somewhere combined with stylish electronic sounds and power of poetry. It was inspired by music of artists like Dave Matthews Band and Travis. In 2006, Rozynek took part in Opole's competition of premiers with song "Historia miłosna '06".
In 2007, Rozynek took part for the third time in Opole competition of premiers with song "Pierwsze strony gazet". In 2008, he qualified for the Sopot International Song Festival with song "Nigdy nie patrz w dół".
"Ubieranie do snu" was released February 9, 2009.
Private life.
He spend his childhood in Radziechowy near Żywiec. He learned in High School No. 2 in Leszno and studied law in University of Wrocław. His wife's name is Wioletta and they have three children: Filip, Juliusz and Helena.

</doc>
<doc id="21534925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534925" title="Rairakhol">
Rairakhol

Rairakhol is a town and a notified area committee in Sambalpur district in the Indian state of Odisha.
Geography.
Redhakhol is located at . It has an average elevation of .
Location.
National Highway 54 passes through Redhakhol. It is around 67 km south of Sambalpur, the district headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="21534929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534929" title="Ghymes">
Ghymes

Ghymes band - consisting of Hungarians living in Slovakia - was founded at the University of Education in Nitra in 1984, by musicians with different preliminary musical experiences from classical through rock and Renaissance music. Folk elements have gradually clung together with their own individual musical ideas.
 In the year of 2000 Ghymes had the opportunity to attend two remarkable events: The World Expo 2000 in Hanover (Day of Hungary) and the official celebrations of the New Millennium in Hungary (St, Stephen's day, August 20, 2000).
Smaragdváros (Emerald City) was produced by EMI Records and came out in Hungary in November 2000. In March 2001, it was #11 on the World Music Charts Europe.
Discography.
"Other releases"
"Members releases"
<br>Gyula Szarka
Tamás Szarka

</doc>
<doc id="21534933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534933" title="Gounzoureye">
Gounzoureye


</doc>
<doc id="21534949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534949" title="Charles Brewer">
Charles Brewer

Charles Brewer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21534952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534952" title="Ádria Santos">
Ádria Santos

Ádria Santos is a Paralympian athlete from Brazil competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
She competed in the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea. There she won a silver medal in the women's 100 metres - B2 event and a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - B2 event. She also competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - B2 event and went out in the first round of the women's 200 metres - B2 event. She also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There she won a silver medal in the women's 100 metres - T10 event, a silver medal in the women's 200 metres - T10 event and a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - T10 event. She competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - T12 event, a gold medal in the women's 200 metres - T11 event and a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - T11 event. She also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - T12 event, a silver medal in the women's 200 metres - T11 event and a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - T11 event. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There she won a bronze medal in the women's 100 metres - T11 event and finished eighth in the women's 200 metres - T11 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21534953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534953" title="Exchange-rate flexibility">
Exchange-rate flexibility

A flexible exchange-rate system is a monetary system that allows the exchange rate to be determined by supply and demand.
Every currency area must decide what type of exchange rate arrangement to maintain. Between permanently fixed and completely flexible however, are heterogeneous approaches. They have different implications for the extent to which national authorities participate in foreign exchange markets. According to their degree of flexibility, post-Bretton Woods-exchange rate regimes are arranged into three categories: currency unions, dollarized regimes, currency boards and conventional currency pegs are described as “fixed-rate regimes”; Horizontal bands, crawling pegs and crawling bands are grouped into “intermediate regimes”; Managed and independent floats are described as flexible regimes.
All monetary regimes except for the permanently fixed regime experience the time inconsistency problem and exchange rate volatility, albeit to different degrees.
Fixed rate programs.
In a fixed exchange rate system, the monetary authority picks rates of exchange with each other currency and commits to adjusting the money supply, restricting exchange transactions and adjusting other variables to ensure that the exchange rates do not move. All variations on fixed rates reduce the time inconsistency problem and reduce exchange rate volatility, albeit to different degrees.
Under "dollarization"/"Euroization", the US dollar or the Euro acts as legal tender in a different country. Dollarization is a summary description of the use of foreign currency in its capacity to produce all types of money services in the domestic economy. Monetary policy is delegated to the anchor country. Under dollarization exchange rate movements cannot buffer external shocks. The money supply in the dollarizing country is limited to what it can earn via exports, borrow and receive from emigrant remittances.
A "currency board" enables governments to manage their external credibility problems and discipline their central banks by “tying their hands” with binding arrangements. A currency board combines three elements: an exchange rate that is fixed to another, “anchor currency”; automatic convertibility or the right to exchange domestic currency at this fixed rate whenever desired; and a long-term commitment to the system. A currency board system can ultimately be credible only if central bank holds official foreign exchange reserves sufficient to at least cover the entire monetary base. Exchange rate movements cannot buffer external shocks.
A "fixed peg" system fixes the exchange rate against a single currency or a currency basket. The time inconsistency problem is reduced through commitment to a verifiable target. However, the availability of a devaluation option provides a policy tool for handling large shocks. Its potential drawbacks are that it provides a target for speculative attacks, avoids exchange rate volatility, but not necessarily persistent misalignments, does not by itself place hard constraints on monetary and fiscal policy and that the credibility effect depends on accompanying institutional measures and a visible record of accomplishment.
Monetary union.
A currency or monetary "union" is a multi-country zone where a single monetary policy prevails and inside which a single currency or multiple substitutable currencies, move freely. A monetary union has common monetary and fiscal policy to ensure control over the creation of money and the size of government debts. It has a central management of the common pool of foreign exchange reserves, external debts and exchange rate policies. The monetary union has common regional monetary authority i.e. common regional central bank, which is the sole issuer of economy wide currency, in the case of a full currency union.
The monetary union eliminates the time inconsistency problem within the zone and reduces real exchange rate volatility by requiring multinational agreement on exchange rate and other monetary changes. The potential drawbacks are that member countries suffering asymmetric shocks lose a stabilization tool—the ability to adjust exchange rates. The cost depends on the extent of asymmetric costs and the availability and effectiveness of alternative adjustment tools.
Flexible exchange rate regimes.
These systems do not particularly reduce time inconsistency problems nor do they offer specific techniques for maintaining low exchange rate volatility.
A "crawling peg" attempt to combine flexibility and stability using a rule-based system for gradually altering the currency's par value, typically at a predetermined rate or as a function of inflation differentials. A crawling peg is similar to a fixed peg, however it can be adjusted based on clearly defined rules. Often used by (initially) high-inflation countries or developing nations who peg to low inflation countries in attempt to avoid currency appreciation. At the margin a crawling peg provides a target for speculative attacks. Among variants of fixed exchange rates, it imposes the least restrictions, and may hence yield the smallest credibility benefits. The credibility effect depends on accompanying institutional measures and record of accomplishment.
"Exchange rate bands" allow markets to set rates within a specified range; endpoints are defended through intervention. It provides a limited role for exchange rate movements to counteract external shocks while partially anchoring expectations. This system does not eliminate exchange rate uncertainty and thus motivates development of exchange rate risk management tools. On the margin a band is subject to speculative attacks. It does not by itself place hard constraints on policy, and thus provides only a limited solution to the time inconsistency problem. The credibility effect depends on accompanying institutional measures, a record of accomplishment and whether the band is firm or adjustable, secret or public, band width and the strength of the intervention requirement.
"Managed float" exchange rates are determined in the foreign exchange market. Authorities can and do intervene, but are not bound by any intervention rule. Often accompanied by a separate nominal anchor, such as inflation target. The arrangement provides a way to mix market-determined rates with stabilizing intervention in a non-rule-based system. Its potential drawbacks are that it doesn’t place hard constraints on monetary and fiscal policy. It suffers from uncertainty from reduced credibility, relying on the credibility of monetary authorities. It typically offers limited transparency.
In a "pure float", the exchange rate is determined in the market without public sector intervention. Adjustments to shocks can take place through exchange rate movements. It eliminates the requirement to hold large reserves. However, this arrangement does not provide an expectations anchor. The exchange rate regime itself does not imply any specific restriction on monetary and fiscal policy.
References.
Coudert, Virginie, Cécile Couharde and Valérie Mignon, "Exchange rate flexibility across financial crises",http://www.cepii.fr/PDF_PUB/wp/2010/wp2010-08.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="21534954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534954" title="Joe Stewart (baseball)">
Joe Stewart (baseball)

Joseph Lawrence "Joe" Stewart (March 11, 1879 – February 9, 1913), nicknamed "Ace", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Boston Beaneaters. He batted and threw right-handed. Stewart had a 0-0 record, with a 9.64 ERA, in 2 games, in his one year career. 
He was born in Monroe, North Carolina and died in Youngstown, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="21534962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534962" title="Ministry of Science and Technology Development (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Science and Technology Development (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Science and Technology Development is a government ministry, responsible for science and technology in Zimbabwe. The incumbent is Henry Dzinotyiwei. Its oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21534972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534972" title="Yuma, Arizona metropolitan area">
Yuma, Arizona metropolitan area

The Yuma Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of a single county – Yuma – anchored by the city of Yuma. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 160,026 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 196,972).
Yuma County was first designated a metropolitan area in 1990.
Communities.
Census-designated places.
"Note: All census-designated places are unincorporated."

</doc>
<doc id="21534977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534977" title="N'Tillit">
N'Tillit


</doc>
<doc id="21534981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534981" title="Édes Anna">
Édes Anna

Édes Anna is a 1958 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21534991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534991" title="Aila Re Odia Pua">
Aila Re Odia Pua

Aila Re Odia Pua (; ) is a 2009 Indian Oriya film directed by Vikash Das.
Plot.
The film's story is about a love triangle and inspired by Hindi film "Hum dil de chuke sanam". Priya (Kajal Misra) has love interest with her childhood friend Raj (Tanmay Mishra). But under circumstances, she forced to marry Abinsah (Somesh Mohanty). After marriage, when Abinash knew about his wife’s old love interest, he wants to help his wife to get back her old lover.tangu

</doc>
<doc id="21534998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21534998" title="Sony Aliber">
Sony Aliber

Sony Aliber or Soni Ali Ber is a commune in the Cercle of Gao in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali. The main villages are: Bagnadji, Batal, Berrah, Forgho Arma, Forgho Songhai, Kochakarey, Kokorom, Magnadoué, Seina and Zindiga. The administrative center "(Chef-lieu)" is the village of Forgo Sourhai which is located 25 km north of Gao. The commune includes the banks of the River Niger for a distance of around 35 km. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 44,099.

</doc>
<doc id="21535023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535023" title="Breakin' Away">
Breakin' Away

Breakin' Away may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21535052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535052" title="Wang Kuang-hui">
Wang Kuang-hui

Wang Kuang-hui (; born November 12, 1964 in Hualien County, Taiwan) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player and the current reserve team of Brother Elephants. In 1990, CPBL first year, he gained the Batting Champion Award. In middle of the 2004 season, he retired from player. October 2006, he took over the manager of Brother Elephants. May 2009, he resigned the manager of Elephants due to terrible standing. Besides, his young brother is Wang Kuang-Shih(王光熙), former China Times Eagles infielder.

</doc>
<doc id="21535067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535067" title="Oxana Boturchuk">
Oxana Boturchuk

Oxana Boturchuk () (born 12 September 1984) is a Paralympic athlete from Ukraine competing mainly in category T12 sprint events.
She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - T12 event, a silver medal in the women's 200 metres - T12 event, a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - T12 event and finished eighth in the women's Long jump - F12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21535068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535068" title="Eva Ngui">
Eva Ngui

Eva Ngui Nchama (born June 9, 1985]) is a Paralympian athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T12 sprint events. She has competed at three Paralympic Games, 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics, and earned a pair bronze medals, both coming at the 2008 Games
Personal.
Ngui was born on June 9, 1985 in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea. She has albinism, a condition she has had since birth. She moved to Spain in 2003, where she lived in Hospitalet de Llobregat and continued to reside there in 2008.
Athletics.
Ngui is a Paralympian athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T12 sprint events, who started competing in track and field in 2001. She is a member of ISS L'Hospitalet Atletisme, an athletic club in L'Hospitalet.
Around 2008, Ngui spent a year training at the High Performance Centre in Madrid. At that time, she was coached by Manuel Pascua Piqueras. She competed in the 2011 Spanish national championships in Vizcaya. She qualified for and competed in the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships where she was one of thirty-two competitors representing Spain. Competing at the actual event, she won a bronze medal in the T12 100 meter event.
In 2012, Ngui was a recipient of a Plan ADO €18,000 athlete scholarship with a €3,000 reserve and a €2,500 coaching scholarship. In May 2012, she competed at the Paralympic World Cup in Manchester, earning a third place finish in the 100 meters and another in the 200 meters. Prior to the start of the London Games, he trained with several other visually impaired Spanish track and field athletes in Logroño. In the lead up to the London Paralympics, in July 2012, she competed in a Diamond League race at the Crystal Palace National Sports Centre in London. In May 2013, she competed in the Spanish national championships, where she earned gold medals in the 100 and 200 meter events. In July 2013, she participated in the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships.
Paralympics.
Ngui competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There she went out in the semi-finals of the women's 100 metres — T12 event She also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There she won a bronze medal in the women's 100 metres — T12 event and a bronze medal in the women's 200 metres — T12 event. Her 200 meter bronze medal came after the Spanish delegation complained that the Angolan runner Evalina Alexandre who finished ahead of her had been assisted by her guide in a way that violated the rules. Upon review, race officials agreed and then award Ngui bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="21535089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535089" title="Memorable Order of Tin Hats">
Memorable Order of Tin Hats

The Memorable Order of Tin Hats, known as The MOTH, was founded in 1927 by Charles Evenden as a brotherhood of South African front-line ex-soldiers. The ideal of the Order is to help fellow comrades in need, either financially or physically and to remember all servicemen who have answered the "Sunset Call", both in war and peace time.
Formation.
According to the "Dictionary of South African Biography", one night in 1927 after he and the editor of "The Natal Mercury", RJ Kingston Russell, had seen a war film, Charles Evenden was persuaded to draw a cartoon on 'remembrance'. According to the Dictionary, "The cartoon showed a tin helmet surmounted by a burning candle. Around the flames of the candle were six words – "True Comradeship" – "Mutual Help" – "Sound Memory"".
However, the official MOTH website carries a cartoon captioned "Forgetfulness" and this led to the founding of the Order. This is confirmed by the "Eastern Province Herald" which describes the cartoon as follows: "a bullet- and shrapnel-riddled Allied helmet awash in the ocean. In the background a steamship passes over the horizon, leaving the forgotten, ghostly form of a veteran forlornly wading through the water."
The concepts of "True Comradeship", "Mutual Help" and "Sound Memory" were to become the inspiration of a remarkable organisation of ex-front line soldiers, of all ranks, known as the Memorable Order of Tin Hats (MOTH). Evenden, as the founder of the movement and its guiding inspiration was given the title of 'Moth O' – a position he held until his death."
The membership of the MOTH movement, under Evenden's vigorous direction and leadership, grew into thousands. Men and women of two world wars, of the Second Anglo Boer War (1899–1902) and even those of former enemy forces streamed into its ranks. All who were prepared to keep alive the memories of comradeship and self-sacrifice – the finer virtues that war brings forth – were welcomed and made at home in shell holes as the meeting premises are called with colourful and meaningful names of war-time memories and occasions. The shellholes spread to the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and to Rhodesia (Zimbabwe). Membership was extended to those who had participated in the South African Border War.
Headquarters.
The MOTH national headquarters is situated in Warriors Gate, Durban, which is modelled on a Norman design from a photograph given to Evenden by Admiral Evans-of-the-Broke.
Memorials.
In 1948 Evenden opened Mount Memory, a monument to the missing and dead of the Second World War, in the foothills of the Drakensberg mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="21535101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535101" title="Ministry of Economic Planning and Investment Promotion (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Economic Planning and Investment Promotion (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Economic Planning and Investment Promotion is a government ministry, responsible for economic planning and investment in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Elton Mangoma and the deputy minister is Samuel Undenge.

</doc>
<doc id="21535104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535104" title="Sanaa Benhama">
Sanaa Benhama

Sanaa Benhama is a Paralympic athlete from Morocco competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.
She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - T13 event, a gold medal in the women's 200 metres - T13 event, a gold medal in the women's 400 metres - T13 event and finished seventh in the women's Long jump - F13 event

</doc>
<doc id="21535107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535107" title="Tilemsi, Gao">
Tilemsi, Gao

Creation.
The rural commune Tilemsi enshrined in Act No. 96-059 of 4 November 1996 on the creation of Municipalities in the Republic of Mali is the result of the bursting of the Borough of Djébock in the Circle Gao in two towns rural (and Anchawadj Tilemsi). Its main town is located in Tin Aouker the fossil valley Tilemsi on transsaharienne 70km north of the city of Gao.
The rural commune Tilemsi is limited:
- To the north by the rural commune of Tarkint;
- To the south by the rural commune of Anchawadj;
- To the east by the rural communes of Anefis (Circle of Kidal) and Alata (Circle Menaka)
- To the west by the rural communes of Soni Ali Ber (Circle Gao) and Taboye (Circle Bourem).
Relief.
The rural commune Tilemsi has very modest relief composed of large expanses of plains (fossil valley Tilemsi) and a few trays means recognized and appreciated by the quality of their herbaceous (Azawa).
Climate.
The rural commune Tilemsi knows a Sahelian climate characterized by alternating two seasons. A dry season from 10 to 11 months and a rainy season from 1 to 2 months with rain precipitation rarely reaching 100 mm of water per year. Average annual temperatures vary in the range of 30 to 45 ° c. The main harmattan winds and the monsoon.
Vegetation.
Very poor in the valley Tilemsi, it consists of thorny shrubs in places while we note the presence of a grassy savanna.
Hydrography.
The rural commune Tilemsi has some temporary pools and wadis using fallback area for livestock during the dry season around which settled communities.
Population.
The rural commune Tilemsi has a population of 16,411 inhabitants on the basis of a fiscal administrative census conducted by the municipality in March 2004.
Ethnic.
White and black population both composed mainly of Tuareg and Arabs.
Religion.
The main dominant religion is Islam.
Migratory movements.
The main migration flows are directed to neighboring towns and Anchawadj Gao, Niger, Algeria and Libya.
Pastoral and agro-ecological Zoning.
The rural municipality has 07 sectors Tilemsi pastoral and agro-development:
- Agharous (Agharous - Tin Adhidj - Fèsenfès - Inhouchawène);
- Azerzi (Amasrakad - Tadakamat - Tawardé);
- Alata (Ernadjef - Tin Alher - Tidjalalène);
- Tilemsi (Tin-Aouker Intaghat - Ardjabech - Tinersane);
- Inabarem (Tin Adjhanan - Intamat);
- Intesimt (Inadalab - Ifardane - Talhaninit);
- Assalwa (Ebaghaw Afer-Tin - Tidjerwène - Ifalawlawène)
Breeding.
First activity on cattle, sheep, goats, donkeys, camels, it is like the other depends on the lack of equipment, organization and training of farmers.
Agriculture.
She focuses on sorghum and cowpea recession. To this is added the agriculture practiced in some gardening sites.
Trade.
The City has several weekly markets in Tin Aouker Tidjerwène and Amasrakad which sell grain, livestock, textiles and other products (tea, sugar, tobacco). The main areas of supply are Gao and southern Algeria.
Picking.
It is less important compared with other activities because Tilemsi has fewer grasses and acacias, source collection.
Crafts.
It focuses on the leather products (bags, shoes, pillows, bags ...) and products of the forge (knives, hoes, dabas, hoes, rakes, hoes, axes ...)
Education.
The rural commune Tilemsi has 13 primary schools and Second Cycle in main town. All these schools have been built with the advent of decentralization and face problems of equipment and Teachers.
Human Health.
Despite its size the municipality has only one Community Health Centre located in town (Tin Aouker). The Health Centre by its geographical position does not meet all the demands of the people. Other sites are required to bring their patients in health centers in neighboring towns.
Animal Health.
The City has only one park located Tin Aouker vaccination. Its poor geographical position in relation to pasture leads farmers to vaccinate their animals in the neighboring towns with all the problems that pose.La area has no deposit veterinarian. The supply of vaccines and veterinary products is from the city of Gao.
Hydro-agricultural and hydraulic.
Commune by the pastoral has no hydro-agricultural development. Agriculture is subsistence type and practiced by a minority of the population.
With regard to water projects Commune has twenty pastoral wells, ten boreholes with pump in India or Dubai and two solar pumps.
These boreholes and wells unevenly distributed not cover the water needs of people and livestock. They know issues or maintenance of their equipment.
Infrastructure market.
Tin market Aouker received 4 hangars built by the NGO Tassaght and Project Development Support Local needs and other amenities such as shops, additional hangars and warehouses.
Cereal Banks.
It is provided under the Commune in stores and cereal banks. The few stores that are unevenly distributed can not meet the demand of the people. These stores are mostly victims of mismanagement, lack of supervision and poor organization of beneficiaries.
Decentralized financial system.
The City has never owned a decentralized financial system. All loans towards populations are taken from a bank Gao (BNDA) located 70 km from the capital. These loans are with exorbitant interest creating more problems than solutions.
Key Constraints.
- Weakness and lack of agricultural products;
- Lack of pasture;
- Significant loss of livestock due to disease outbreaks;
- Low income people;
- Enclosing and remoteness of some areas lack of rural roads;
- Food insecurity;
Administrative division.
The erection of Tin Aouker Tilemsi Circle in the Gao Region with 02 Districts is a democratic demand of its people:
Tin-District Aouker, Chief town Aouker Tin with 02 rural communes namely Tilemsi and Fèsenfès;
-District of Azerzi, Chief town Amasrakad with 02 rural communes namely Amasrakad and Tinadhidj;
Opportunities.
Administrative reform and the deepening of decentralization provide the best opportunity to build the City Circle in Tilemsi same name under all the advantages that only need to be valued and capitalized only service of peace, security, democracy and development in our country;
The recent creation of the Region of Menaka and Circle Almoustarat, making both borders with the territory of the Municipality Tilemsi offers for the same reasons an opportunity to create beneficial circle for Tilemsi ensures better administration and management issues of peace, security and development on the one hand but also to strengthen the role and place of buffer and stabilization Tilemsi between the three regions of Gao, Kidal and Menaka.
Issues.
Our country is facing major challenges: combat poverty, fight against insecurity, complete decentralization and deepen democracy. The erection of the City Circle in Tilemsi takes into account all these issues and proceeds from the Malian Government's political will to involve people and communities in the management of power in the administration closer to its users:
The erection of the rural commune Circle Tilemsi be a valuable contribution because it not only helps to reinforce the important role already undertaken by people and politicians in the fight against insecurity, but also to create the conditions of deepening and consolidation;
This will also erect a deepening of decentralization and democracy through the promotion of social and economic balances as at local and regional level.
Traditional Personalities.
- Mohamed Ahmed Al Asal, Customary Chief of the Tribe and rear Chamanamass Grand father Ag Sidalamine Zeidan, spokesman for the National Pact of 11 April 1992 and signed Agreements Bourem 11 January 1995;
- Kiyou said Ayyad Ag Mohamed Ahmed, Chief Tribe Chamanamass, Gold Medal of Independence (Gold Medal No. 197) according to Decree No. 107/PR of 21 September 1966, father of the current mayor of the rural commune Tilemsi Almoumine Kiyou Ag and Ag Ikna older brother Mohamed Ahmed, the father of Ag Sidalamine Ikna whose name is related to the education of children of the tribe.
Intermunicipal dimension agropastoral.
The rural commune Tilemsi ties based on social and traditional cultural and agro complementarities with 13 villages in the rural commune of Soni Ali Ber Circle Gao (Zindiga, Berrah Seyna, Batal, Magnadoué, Kokorom, Kochakarey, Forgho Arma Forgho Songhoy, Hamakouladji, Mbaldé, Kareybandia, Bagnadji) as well as villages and ethnocultural groups in the rural commune of Taboye and Circle Bourem.
Intermunicipal pastoral dimension.
The rural commune Tilemsi share farming as their main activity and production of wealth with the rural communes of neighboring pastoral Tarkint (Circle Bourem) of Anefis (Circle of Kidal), Alata (Circle of Menaka) and Anchawadj (Circle Gao).

</doc>
<doc id="21535112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535112" title="Ilse Hayes">
Ilse Hayes

Ilse Hayes is a Paralympian athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.
She competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There she won a bronze medal in the women's 400 metres - T13 event and finished fifth in the women's 100 metres - T13 event. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There she won a gold medal in the women's Long jump - F13 event, a silver medal in the women's 100 metres - T13 event and finished fifth in the women's 200 metres - T13 event

</doc>
<doc id="21535118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535118" title="List of men's national futsal teams">
List of men's national futsal teams

This is a list of the men's national futsal teams in the world.
Current FIFA affiliates.
There are currently 151 men's national futsal teams affiliated to the "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA), the world's football governing body, through their national football associations. They are eligible to enter the FIFA Futsal World Cup and matches between them are recognized as official international matches. Based on their match results, the Futsal World Ranking, published weekly, compare the relative strengths of the national teams.
Each of these national teams is also affiliated to one of the six confederations, according to their continental zones:
Below is a list of the national football teams by their confederations. Some national teams are full members of their confederation, but do not have membership of FIFA; these are listed with a note explaining this. There are also notes of teams who have left one confederation to join another.
AFC (Asia).
Due to the geographical size of Asia, the AFC is subdivided into five sub-federations:
1: Formerly member of OFC (Joined AFC in 2006)<br>
2: Official name of the national team of the Republic of China (Taiwan); OFC member 1975-1989<br>
3: Official names used by FIFA and AFC; official names used by EAFF are "Hong Kong, China" and "Macau, China"<br>
4: Iran is member of two sub-federations (WAFF and CESAFA).
CAF (Africa).
Due to the geographical size of Africa, CAF is divided into six regional federations:
CONCACAF (North and Central America and Caribbean).
The CONCACAF federation is divided into three regional federations that have responsibility for part of the region's geographical area:
1: Full CONCACAF member but not FIFA member.<br>
2: Geographically part of South America, but member of CONCACAF (CFU).
OFC (Oceania).
1: Associate member of OFC but not FIFA member<br>
UEFA (Europe).
1: Official name given by UEFA to the team representing Ireland<br>
2: Formerly member of AFC (AFC 1954-1974; Joined UEFA in 1994)<br>
3: Formerly member of AFC (Joined UEFA in 2002)<br>
4: Member of UEFA but not FIFA member.
Teams not affiliated to FIFA.
This national team is not affiliated to FIFA, but is member of AMF and UEFS. Because their national association is not FIFA member, they are ineligible to enter the FIFA Futsal World Cup, and their matches are not recognized as official.

</doc>
<doc id="21535121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535121" title="Alexandra Dimoglou">
Alexandra Dimoglou

Alexandra Dimoglou (born 15 December 1981) is a Greek Paralympic track and field athlete competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.
She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There, she won a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - T13 event, a bronze medal in the women's 100 metres - T13 event and a bronze medal in the women's 200 metres - T13 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21535132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535132" title="Terry Morrison (politician)">
Terry Morrison (politician)

Terry K. Morrison is an American businessman and politician from the state of Maine. A Democrat, he serves in the Maine House of Representatives, representing the 122nd district which is centered on his hometown of South Portland.
Born and raised in Boothbay Harbor, Maine, Morrison moved to Portland as a teenager and graduated from Portland High School. He then attended Husson College in Bangor, majoring in business. He has since worked as a restaurant manager in South Portland.
Morrison has long been active in Maine politics. He served as vice chairman of the Cumberland County Democratic Committee and has been active in EqualityMaine. He first ran for public office in 2008, seeking to succeed the term-limited Larry Bliss in the 122nd House district. Morrison did not attract any primary opponents and faced Brian Durham, a Republican, in the general election. He won by 67 percent to 33 percent and took office in December 2008.
In his first term in the House, he serves on the Insurance and Financial Services Committee.
Morrison is openly gay. He is one of five openly gay members of the Maine Legislature, alongside Reps. Justin Chenette (D–Saco), Matt Moonen (D–Portland), Andrew McLean (D–Gorham) and Craig Hickman (D–Winthrop).

</doc>
<doc id="21535133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535133" title="Sugar Daddy (Ugly Betty)">
Sugar Daddy (Ugly Betty)

"Sugar Daddy" is the 17th episode in the third season, and the 58th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on March 5, 2009. The episode was written by Brian Tanen and directed by David Warren.
Plot.
As the day begins, It looks like the events in the wake of Connor's recent cleaning of Meade Publications, everybody trying to survive financially.
For the Suarez family, even as Betty tries her best to cut back on her work attire (sort of), the family are noticing Ignacio watching "Kitchen Rumble", a cooking show hosted by Frankie Burrata, in which he challenges anyone to beat him at his cooking from their home. But moments later, Hilda gets a surprise letter from their landlord: they're being evicted from their home because the owner has opted to sell the place. The family, seeing that they have no resources, tries unusual money-making schemes; Betty going to Amanda and Marc, Hilda charging $200.00 for a perm and Justin taking to the streets as a performer. As those attempts fail, Ignacio has succeeded in getting the challenge from Burrata to come to the residence so they can win the $10,000 cook-off.
Meanwhile, Daniel, Wilhelmina and Claire each bicker over the now-bankrupt company, not to mention Daniel and Wilhelmina being at odds over their relationships with Molly and Connor which started this freefall. Claire of course comes up with a brainstorm idea: have the government bail them out. While they like the idea, it looks like Daniel and Wilhelmina are having a hard time trying to make ends meet en route to a hearing to determine if the company qualifies as they first endure a bus ride on a NYCMTA bus that doesn't accept credit cards or (US $) 50.00 bills. After their first day of grilling by a financial committee, the two have lunch at an expensive restaurant to console themselves over what has happened.
On the day of the taping, the family, along with Matt, are on hand to see Ignacio go face to face with Burrata, who has a weird way of getting to know his challengers as Ignacio would find out soon enough. As the show starts taping, the competition between the two gets intense as they try to beat the clock and get their meal completed before they can serve the judges. Unfortunately, just ten minutes into the final stage, Ignacio began to throws out his back and could not continue, even as Burrata told the viewers that there are no time outs on the show. So with no other choice, the family turn to Betty, who ends up finishing the meal. As the meals are served to the judges, they finally declared their winner: Frankie Burrata! The Suarezes are stunned by this loss in more ways than one.
The following day, Ignacio and Hilda get a major surprise in the mail: $10,000.00! While Hilda was excited about this, Betty believed that it might have come from Daniel, who had offered earlier to help pay for the home, but Daniel said it wasn't him who sent the money.
Also that same day, it looks like that visit to the restaurant would be bought up by the committee chairman after he shows off a picture of Daniel and Wilhelmina at the restaurant, even as the two tried to explain what happened. However the committee rejected their request. Back at MODE, Daniel tells Wilhelmina and Claire about another idea that would keep the company afloat by selling his assets and stocks, a move spurred on by Wilhelmina and Claire, who also opted to spin off their belongings.
That evening at a bar, Betty and Matt chat over about how her family ended up with the money. Matt, who then thanked Betty for bailing him out even after losing his wallet and coming up short of cash, then tells her that now that he can pay for the drinks and when the waiter came to give Matt the bill, Matt signed the receipt and went to the bathroom. Unfortunately, Betty would get a look at the signature, which matched that of the check! When Matt returned, Betty confronted him about why he did it. Matt then explained that he comes from a wealthy family and that he doesn't care about his background. Betty was not happy about him helping her family and leaves.
Later on, Betty returns and discovers that Hilda and Justin are stunned over Ignacio accepting Burrata's offer to work at his restaurant. It turned out that Burrata had a change of heart after the taping. The family can now keep their home, just in time for them to see Ignacio on "Kitchen Rumble".
Betty later meets up with Matt and apologises to him for snapping because she was angry, but he tells her that he will not treat her as a charity again. As Betty says she feels like she doesn't know much about him, Matt admits that he really is into her. The two then share their first kiss.
The thoughts of Molly and Connor were still fresh in the minds of Daniel and Wilhelmina. As Wilhelmina opens her desk and sees a picture of Connor for a brief moment, Daniel, with the encouragement of Betty, finally goes after Molly and tells her that he wants to still be there for her as she faces her battle with cancer.
Finally, in between these events, Marc tries to help Amanda deal with confronting her adopted mother after she lied to her two years earlier, while Marc spots a hunk named Timothy with child in tow during a baby shopping spree with Amanda that same day. For Marc, his idea to win over his new obsession by lying to him about being a dad himself, would mean using William to lure him. So they turn to Christina, who is watching William, saying that Wilhelmina wants him to bond with the baby. However, those plans get scrubbed when Timothy shows up sans baby, resulting in Marc lying to the guy that Amanda was his nanny. As Amanda returned William to Christina, Christina gave some motherly advice about being truthful, especially about being adopted. In the end, Marc returned hours later to tell Amanda that the guy of his dreams wasn't that interesting to him, then apologized to Amanda for bailing out on her. Amanda then called her adopted mother to talk to her.
Continuity.
There were errors over the issue of the Suarez home and who was the owner. In the first season, it was mentioned the Suarezes owned their home, but in this episode the home was owned by the landlord.
Music.
The ending song of this episode is sung by Brett Dennen, called "Ain't Gonna Lose You".
Casting.
Although his photo was shown, Grant Bowler (Connor Owens) did not appear in this episode, but he was credited.
Ratings.
This outing would also see another ratings decline, mostly among 18-49s as it posted a 1.8/5 in that demo and a loss of 430,000 viewers overall, but remained in third place with a 4.3/7 with 6.3 million viewers overall.

</doc>
<doc id="21535135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535135" title="Emma Leonard">
Emma Leonard

Emma Leonard (born 2 February 1986) is an Australian actress born in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21535138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535138" title="Wang Fang (athlete)">
Wang Fang (athlete)

She competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - T36 event, a gold medal in the women's 200 metres - T36 event and a silver medal in the women's 400 metres - T38 event. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There she won a gold medal in the women's 100 metres - T36 event and a gold medal in the women's 200 metres - T36 event

</doc>
<doc id="21535144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535144" title="Claudia Nicoleitzik">
Claudia Nicoleitzik

Claudia Nicoleitzik (born 8 December 1989) is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in category T36 sprint events.
She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. In 2008 she won a silver medal in the women's 100 metres - T36 event and a silver medal in the women's 200 metres - T36 event. In 2012 she won a bronze medal in the women's 200 metres - T36 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21535146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535146" title="Mária Mezei">
Mária Mezei

Mária Mezei (16 October 1909 – 20 April 1983) was a Hungarian film actress. She appeared in 35 films between 1936 and 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="21535159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535159" title="Elton Mangoma">
Elton Mangoma

Elton Steers Mangoma is a former Zimbabwe Minister of Economic Planning and Investment Promotion. He was a Member of House of Assembly for Makoni North (MDC-T).
Career.
A senior official in Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change party, Mangoma was the party's founding member in 1999. He was one of the country's first few black Chartered Accountants. Before launching his political career, he established himself as an astute manager with a lot of companies including Deloitte& Touche and Delta Corporation.
Arrest.
On 10 March 2011 Mangoma was arrested on charges of corruption, which party leader Tsvangirai concluded were politically motivated. The arrest was said to be in connection with a fuel deal Mangoma made in December with a little-known South African company.
However it is widely felt that the arrest was a farce and another intimidation ploy from the Mugabe regime.
On 7 March 2014, the MDC national council suspended him from the party in what his sympathisers viewed as a purge of dissenting voices in the MDC T.
References.
Zimbabwe Energy Minister Elton Mangoma arrested http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12703119 Retrieved 11 March 2011
Elton Steer Mangoma Profile Africa Confidential http://www.africa-confidential.com/whos-who-profile/id/3049/ Retrieved 11 March 2011

</doc>
<doc id="21535160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535160" title="Mark Word">
Mark Word

Mark Bernard Word (born November 23, 1975 in Miami, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for three seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs and the Cleveland Browns.
Professional career.
1999.
Word was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent on April 27, 1999.
2001.
The St. Louis Rams signed Word on February 2, 2001 and allocated him to NFL Europe on April 17. As a member of the Rhein Fire he recorded nine total tackles, five sacks, three forced fumbles and two passes defensed. He was waived by St. Louis on July 5.
Word was signed by the Cleveland Browns on July 20. He suffered a shoulder injury during training camp and was forced to spend the rest of the season on the injured reserve list.

</doc>
<doc id="21535163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535163" title="Embolectomy">
Embolectomy

Embolectomy is the emergency surgical removal of emboli which are blocking blood circulation. It usually involves removal of thrombi (blood clots), and is then referred to as thrombectomy. Embolectomy is an emergency procedure often as the last resort because permanent occlusion of a significant blood flow to an organ leads to necrosis. Other involved therapeutic options are anticoagulation and thrombolysis.
Background knowledge.
Emboli are abnormal masses of material (which can be solid, liquid or gas) that are carried in the blood stream from one part of the circulation to another causing a blockage (occlusion) of a blood vessel that leads to lack of oxygen supply (ischemia) and finally infarction of tissue downstream of the embolus.
The most common type of emboli are a blood clot generated by thrombosis which has then broken off and is then transported in the blood stream (see embolism).
There are two areas where emboli can form and therefore impact:
Indications.
Surgical embolectomy for massive pulmonary embolism (PE) has become a rare procedure and is often viewed as a last resort. Thrombolytic therapy has become the treatment of choice.
Surgical or catheter embolectomy is normally performed in patients with pulmonary embolism (formed from venous embolisms). Embolectomy is used for patients with persisting shock despite supportive care and who have an absolute contraindication for thrombolytic therapy. And although other treatments have improved urgent surgical embolectomy or catheter embolectomy may be a life saving procedure in severe pulmonary embolism.
Embolectomies are performed for arterial embolisms in acute limb ischemia. However there are also other options, such as catheter-directed thrombolysis and anticoagulation with observation.
It can also be used for other ischemias due to embolism for example mesenteric ischemia and stroke.
Methods.
Catheter embolectomy.
Balloon embolectomy.
Typically this is done by inserting a catheter with an inflatable balloon attached to its tip into an artery, passing the catheter tip beyond the clot, inflating the balloon, and removing the clot by withdrawing the catheter. The catheter is called Fogarty, named after its inventor Thomas J. Fogarty. 
Possible complications of balloon embolectomy include intimal lesions, which can lead to another thrombosis. The vessel may also be affected by a dissection or rupture or causing cholesterol embolism from atherosclerotic plaques.
Aspiration embolectomy.
Catheter embolectomy is also used for aspiration embolectomy, where the thrombus is removed by suction rather than pushing with a balloon. It is a rapid and effective way of removing thrombi in thromboembolic occlusions of the limb arteries below the inguinal ligament, as in leg infarction.
Surgical embolectomy.
Surgical embolectomy is the simple surgical removal of a clot following incision into a vessel by open surgery on the artery.
Outcome.
Outcome of embolectomy varies with size and location of the embolus.
In pulmonary embolism recent data shows mortality as being approximately 20%. Although this is a high mortality, it may have life-saving potential in some instances.

</doc>
<doc id="21535168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535168" title="Henrique Andrade Silva">
Henrique Andrade Silva

Henrique De Andrade Silva (born May 9, 1985) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Hyundai A-League club Brisbane Roar.
Biography.
Henrique played his youth football in Brazil with América Mineiro and in 2003 joined Dutch giants Feyenoord. After failing to break into the first team, Henrique returned to Brasil where he played senior football with América and was loaned out to several other Brazilian clubs. Henrique is nicknamed the "Slippery Fish".
Brisbane Roar.
Henrique joined Brisbane Roar initially as a temporary injury replacement for fellow Brazilian Reinaldo in February 2009, after impressing coach Frank Farina in a week long trial after being given permission to talk with the Australian club by América.
He made his first appearance as a second-half substitute in the Roar's second-leg 2–1 win over Central Coast Mariners in the 2009 A-League semi-finals. There was minor controversy due to the transfer being completed only four hours before his debut appearance. Henrique signed a one-year contract with the Roar on March 4, 2009, after impressing during his loan spell.
On September 17, 2009, he signed a new three-year deal with the Roar. Henrique missed up to two months of the 2010–11 season because of a broken arm, which he injured in a match against Melbourne Victory, courtesy of Kevin Muscat. Henrique came back as a wild card for the Roar and in the 2010-11 grand final against Central Coast Mariners, scored a goal in extra-time and the winning penalty.
On May 4, 2014, henrique scored the winning goal against the western sydney wanderers in the 2014 hyundai a-league grand final.

</doc>
<doc id="21535172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535172" title="Randy Edwards">
Randy Edwards

Randy Edwards is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="21535184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535184" title="Costanzo Picco">
Costanzo Picco

Costanzo Picco (1917 – 9 December 2009) was an Italian military officer and skier.
Biography.
Picco, born in Borgo San Dalmazzo, served in the Italian 4th army in the rank of a Tenente during World War II. Amongst other missions, they fought in cooperation with the Giustizia e Libertà in the Valle Maira. He was taken prisoner during the war twice, once by the French and once by the Germans, but was able to flee both times. During the Italian resistance time, he served as liaison officer between the partisans of justice and freedom in Piedmont and the allied troups. For his commitment he was decorated with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Further received decorations were the Bronze Medal of Military Valor (medaglia di Bronzo al Valor Militare) and the War Merit Cross (Croce al Merito di Guerra).
After the war he led the national team in the demonstration event, military patrol (precursor to biathlon), in the 1948 Winter Olympics, which placed forth. Advanced to the rank of a Capitano shortly afterwards the Olympic games, he was transferred to the Italian mountain warfare school ("Scuola Militare Alpina") in Aosta. 1951, he received his second Bronze Medal of Military Valor. In 1952 he became company commander of the 43rd/Battaglione Alpini Sciatori „Monte Cervino“, a ski warfare company, in Aosta. In order of the "Scuola Militare Alpina" he had the command over the 37th Alpini Company, when the company carried and placed the monumental statue of Christ (by Alfredo Bai) on the top of the Balmenhorn in 1955. From 1960 to 1965 he was commander of the "Scuola Militare Alpina" in the rank of a Tenente Colonnello.
Picco was the first president of the "Associazione Sport Invernali Valle d'Aosta" (ASIVA) and was advanced to General later. He was still active as a mountain guide of the "Trenker-Trek" before he died. He was married to Pia Greppi.

</doc>
<doc id="21535187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535187" title="Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education is a government ministry, responsible for universities, polytechnics and colleges in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Stan Mudenge and the deputy minister is Lutho Tapela. It oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21535188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535188" title="Tyrone Robertson">
Tyrone Robertson

Julius Tyrone Robertson (born August 15, 1979 in Danville, Virginia) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for one season for the Buffalo Bills.
Legal issues.
On November 22, 2004, Robertson was arrested and charged with possession of marijuana and cocaine with the intent to distribute, as well as, possession of a firearm at a Ramada Inn in Danville, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="21535196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535196" title="Tiny Tafel">
Tiny Tafel

The Tiny Tafel format tahf-uhl provides a compact way of describing the main surnames found in a family genealogy, which can be read by humans and matched by computers using a "Tafel Matching System". The Tiny Tafel lists the Soundex encoded representation of each surname (to allow for matching surnames with spelling variations), accompanied by a corresponding range of dates and locations associated with the surname. Many genealogy programs can produce Tiny Tafel reports. Tiny Tafels were traditionally posted to public forums, such as a BBS (Bulletin Board System) and are still regularly used today with a number of internet sites that provide a Tafel Matching System, in order to indicate whether two genealogical databases have a probable connection or overlap.
Paul Andereck, former editor of "Genealogical Computing magazine", proposed the idea and the specification was developed by Commsoft in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21535202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535202" title="Djebock">
Djebock

Djebock is a small town and seat of the Commune of Anchawadi in the Cercle of Gao in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali. 
This town is detached to Mauguio in France.
Between 12-17 March 2013, a battle took place around the town as part of the Northern Mali conflict. It resulted in a French-Malian victory over jihadists.

</doc>
<doc id="21535206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535206" title="John Richardson (American football)">
John Richardson (American football)

John Edward Richardson (May 25, 1945 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for seven seasons for the Miami Dolphins and the St. Louis Cardianls John was a graduate of Kearny High School (San Diego, California). He was a member of the 1966 College Football All-America Team. [http://www.uclabruins.com/sports/m-footbl/spec-rel/03-mediaguide.html]

</doc>
<doc id="21535209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535209" title="Haoussa Foulane">
Haoussa Foulane

As the name suggests, most of the people in the village are of Hausa or Fula descent.

</doc>
<doc id="21535214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535214" title="Fanfare (film)">
Fanfare (film)

Fanfare is a 1958 Dutch comedy film directed by Bert Haanstra. The film was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival and the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21535215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535215" title="Wabaria">
Wabaria


</doc>
<doc id="21535220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535220" title="Pratt Lyons">
Pratt Lyons

Pratt Gilbert Lyons, Jr. (born September 17, 1974 in Fort Worth, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for two seasons for the Tennessee Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="21535225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535225" title="Forgo Sourhai">
Forgo Sourhai


</doc>
<doc id="21535229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535229" title="Tine Aouker">
Tine Aouker


</doc>
<doc id="21535235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535235" title="American Hospital Association">
American Hospital Association

The American Hospital Association (AHA) is a professional association that seeks to promote quality health care provision by hospitals and health care networks through public policy and providing information about health care and health administration to health care providers and the public. Founded in 1898 with offices in Chicago, Illinois and Washington, D.C., the AHA hosts a Resource Center with over 47,000 books on health care (some services fee based) and maintains a Health Planning and Administration (HEALTH) database that provides current information on health care unrelated to clinical treatment. Membership includes close to 5,000 organizations and 37,000 individuals.
History.
In 1870, there were only about a hundred general hospitals in the United States, but the institution was growing rapidly. Hospital administrators formed an organization called "The Association of Hospital Superintendents of the United States and Canada", which held its first meeting in 1899 in Cleveland, Ohio, where seven of the eight superintendents in attendance were based. The organization was promoted by publisher Del Sutton, whose journal "The National Hospital Sanitarium Record" was adopted by the group in 1900, gradually coming under control of the organization until it was replaced by the organization's own publication, "The Modern Hospital".
In 1906, the organization adopted its present name. Membership was 450 in 1908. Records of early annual meetings detail some of the conflicts in the emerging hospital culture of Canada and the United States concerning whether hospitals should be governed by physicians or administrators, with laypersons representing a heavy majority.
Personal membership groups.
Personal membership groups (PMGs) are affiliated societies which fall under the umbrella of the AHA:

</doc>
<doc id="21535236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535236" title="Severiano Álvarez">
Severiano Álvarez

Severiano Álvarez (1933 – September 23, 2013) was a Leonese language writer. He was born in Cuevas del Sil (in the municipality of Palacios del Sil), province of León. He had two mentions in Leonese language in their region variety in 1982 and 1983, and was awarded with two more in 1983. He died on September 23, 2013, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="21535238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535238" title="Holstein Switzerland">
Holstein Switzerland

Holstein Switzerland () is a hilly area with a patchwork of lakes and forest in Schleswig Holstein, Germany, reminiscent of Swiss landscape. Its highest point is the Bungsberg (168 metres above sea level). It is a designated nature park as well as an important tourist destination in Northern Germany situated between the cities of Kiel and Lübeck.
Geography.
Holstein Switzerland lies in eastern Schleswig-Holstein. This picturesque region in the historical county of Wagria has no precise political or geographic boundaries. Most of the area falls within the districts of Ostholstein and Plön, roughly between the cities of Lübeck and Kiel and extends as far north as the Baltic coast. Its major towns include Bad Malente-Gremsmühlen, Lütjenburg, Oldenburg in Holstein, Preetz and the old "Residenz" seats of Eutin and Plön.
The charm of this region is its ever-changing landscape of the Young Drift moraines of the Schleswig-Holstein Uplands which were formed during the last ice age. Small woods alternate rapidly with hedged, arable fields and the terrain is characterised by its many lakes nestling amongst low hills. Amongst the more well-known lakes are the Großer Plöner See, the Dieksee and the Kellersee. Rivers and water meadows abound, such as the Schwentine, which flows into Kiel Fjord or the Kossau, which discharges into the Großer Binnensee. The highest elevation is the Bungsberg near Schönwalde. With the only ski lift in Schleswig-Holstein and a height of above NN it is also the highest hill in the state.
Origin of the name.
The German name for the region, "Holsteinische Schweiz", goes back to the 19th century when holidays to Switzerland were particularly popular amongst the well-to-do. As a consequence, other regions strove to add the name "Switzerland" to their description. On 20 May 1885 Johannes Janus opened the Hotel Holsteinische Schweiz at Malente on the Kellersee which enjoyed enormous popularity. The name of the hotel was then transferred to Holsteinische Schweiz station and, later, to the whole region.
History.
Holstein Switzerland has been settled for several thousand years. In the Early Middle Ages part of the area was occupied by the Slavic Wends, whose traces may still be found, for example, in Oldenburg, and who founded the settlements of Plön and Eutin. In the Middle Ages, from the 9th century onwards, the region was colonised and controlled by the Carolingian Empire. In the late Middle Ages the towns developed into small centres of local commerce and the local feudal lords ("Landadel") expanded their fortified manor houses. At the beginning of the recent era, these manorial seats formed the basis of aristocratic estates ("Adliges Güter") which dominated the landscape and the economy from about 1500 until the 20th century. From the 16th century Plön and Eutin became residences of various branches of the House of Oldenburg. 
These estates had a thriving cultural scene which, for example, led to Eutin being described at the turn of the 19th century as the "Weimar of the North". Until the middle of the 19th century the area was dominated by Denmark, which initially ran the region as a feoff, but eventually integrated it into the Danish nation-state. In 1867 Holstein Switzerland was transferred to Prussia as part of Holstein. 
After the end of the First World War some of the traditional estates were broken up. Following the Second World War, tourism has played a leading role in the economy of the region.
Tourism.
The rural landscape is still characterised by large, aristocratic estates and historic forms of farming that are mainly tied into large farm estates and their associated manor houses. These include Panker, Testorf, Rantzau and Hagen in Probsteierhagen. Several of the castles, such as Eutin and Plön may be visited and many of the estate farms are open to the public during the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival or other events. Salzau Estate houses the state cultural centre.
For walkers, the nature park trail ("Naturparkweg") links the five nature parks in Schleswig-Holstein. There is an extensive network of cycle paths and quiet lanes and tracks for cyclists. Some of the large lakes are plied by pleasure boats and canoeing and other water pursuits are also possible. There are several seaside resorts close by on the Baltic coast.
Lakes.
In order of size:

</doc>
<doc id="21535239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535239" title="Tassiga">
Tassiga


</doc>
<doc id="21535252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535252" title="Council Rudolph">
Council Rudolph

Council Rudolph, Jr. (born January 18, 1950 in Anniston, Alabama) is a former professional American football player.
Career.
Rudolph played defensive end for six seasons for the Houston Oilers, the St. Louis Cardinals, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Council attended Kentucky State University, where he is in the Hall of Fame. Council was also inducted into the Calhoun County Sports Hall of Fame in 2009.
In 1982, Council Rudolph opened The Check Casher, the first check cashing business in Tampa, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21535258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535258" title="Palazzo Thiene Bonin Longare">
Palazzo Thiene Bonin Longare

Palazzo Thiene Bonin Longare is a patrician palace in Vicenza, northern Italy, designed by Andrea Palladio probably in 1572 and built after Palladio's death by Vincenzo Scamozzi. It is one of the city "palazzi" of the Thiene family that Palladio worked upon, the other being Palazzo Thiene in the near contrà Porti.
Since 1994 the palace has formed part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site the current name of which is "City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto" .
History and architectural description.
There are more doubts than certainties surrounding the history of the urban villa that Francesco Thiene built on family properties at the eastern extremity of the Strada Maggiore (today the Corso Palladio), beginning with the exact date of its construction. At Palladio’s death the building had still not been executed: on the "Pianta Angelica" of 1580, in fact, there still appear only old houses and a garden. A document of 1586 records that construction had still not begun, but certainly in 1593, on the death of the patron Francesco Thiene, the palace was at least a third built. Enea Thiene, who inherited the estate of his uncle Francesco, carried works to their conclusion, probably within the first decade of the 17th century. In 1835 the palace was acquired by Lelio Bonin Longare.
In his treatise "L'idea della architettura universale" (published in Venice in 1615), Vincenzo Scamozzi writes that he was responsible for completing the building’s construction on the basis of a project by another architect (without specifying whom) with certain revisions to the original design (which, he does not clarify). The architect that Scamozzi does not name is certainly Andrea Palladio, because two autograph sheets survive which can be referred to Francesco Thiene’s palace: on these are traced two plan variants, substantially close to the present building, as well as a sketch for the façade which is very different from that executed. It is unclear when Palladio formulated his own ideas for the palazzo, but it is credible that he did so in 1572, the year in which Francesco Thiene and his uncle Orazio divided up the family properties and the former obtained the very site where Palladio’s edifice would rise.
If one analyses the realised building, various elements stand out which favour a dating to the 1570s: for example, the many points of contact with the Palazzo Barbaran da Porto, both in the design of the lower part and in the great, double-storey loggia of the courtyard. Instead, the side could be the work of Vincenzo Scamozzi, given its affinities with the Palazzo Trissino by the Duomo. The deep atrium, which is substantially indifferent to the grid of architectural orders, could also be by Scamozzi and it is interesting to note that while the rooms on its right, as one enters, clearly reuse rather irregular, pre-existing walls, those on the left are perfectly regular and evidently rise from new foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="21535260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535260" title="James Dolan">
James Dolan

James Dolan or Jim Dolan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21535270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535270" title="Neil Elshire">
Neil Elshire

Neil James Elshire (born March 8, 1958 in Salem, Oregon) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for six seasons for the Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="21535276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535276" title="Ministry of Industry and Commerce (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Industry and Commerce (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Industry and Commerce is a government ministry, responsible for trade in Zimbabwe and industrial policy. The incumbent minister is Welshman Ncube and the deputy minister is Michael Bimha. Its oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21535282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535282" title="Jake McGee">
Jake McGee

Jacob Daniel McGee, nicknamed "Uncle Jake Mcgee", (born August 6, 1986) is a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Tampa Bay Rays. 
He attended Edward C. Reed High School in Sparks, Nevada. 
McGee is 6'3" tall and weighs 190 pounds. McGee was selected by Tampa Bay Devil Rays in the fifth round (135th overall) of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. 
He made his minor league debut in , and spent 2004 and with the Princeton Devil Rays and the Hudson Valley Renegades. In , McGee spent the year with the Southwest Michigan Devil Rays. He played with both the Vero Beach Devil Rays and the Montgomery Biscuits in . he spent the entire with the Montgomery Biscuits, going 6–4 with 3.94 ERA.
McGee is now on the Rays 40-man roster. He was rated by "Baseball America" as the third-best organizational prospect for Tampa Bay Rays and 15th overall MLB prospect in 2008. In 2007, he was ranked 5th in the Rays' organization and 37th overall in all of baseball.
McGee earned the nickname "Clockhands" in spring training before the 2005 season due to his unconventional windup.
McGee had Tommy John surgery on July 8, 2008.
McGee was promoted to the major leagues for the first time on September 14, 2010. He made his major league debut that night against the New York Yankees, walking three batters and striking out Derek Jeter for his first major league strikeout.

</doc>
<doc id="21535286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535286" title="Hypselodoris zephyra">
Hypselodoris zephyra

Hypselodoris zephyra is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. 
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean. [http://www.seaslugforum.net/factsheet.cfm?base=hypszeph]

</doc>
<doc id="21535296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535296" title="George Strugar">
George Strugar

George Ralph Strugar (April 2, 1934June 13, 1997) was a professional American football player who played defensive tackle for eight seasons for the Los Angeles Rams, the Pittsburgh Steelers, and New York Titans/Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="21535306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535306" title="Ministry of Regional Integration and International Cooperation (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Regional Integration and International Cooperation (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Regional Integration and International Cooperation is a government ministry, responsible for relations with intergovernmental organisations, such as SADC. The incumbent minister is Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga and the deputy minister is Reuben Marumahoko. 

</doc>
<doc id="21535309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535309" title="Miss April">
Miss April

Miss April, also known as Frøken April, can refer to the following films:
People

</doc>
<doc id="21535315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535315" title="Leo Fong">
Leo Fong

Leo Fong (born November 23, 1928) is a former Methodist minister, boxer, martial artist, and actor who has been making films, acting and directing since the early 1970s.
Early years.
Fong was born in the Xinhui district of the city of Jiangmen, located in the province of Canton, China in 1928. At the age of five, he arrived in Seattle, Washington with his parents and siblings, where they were detained for a time, as was common with immigrants from Asia. Upon being released in Seattle, the family traveled overland to Chicago, where Leo's maternal uncle owned a restaurant, and where his father had been guaranteed work. After enough time working at the restaurant, Leo's father Richard had saved enough money to purchase a small grocery store in the tiny agricultural community of Widener, Arkansas. After suffering racial taunts at school, going home telling his father and finding out what they actually meant and then later suffering further racial taunts, he got into a fight at school and he was unfairly punished by a teacher. At age 12 he bought a book called "The Fundamentals of Boxing" by Barney Ross. He studied the book from cover to cover and learnt how to defend himself from bullies. He took up boxing at age 15. Having a knock out punch, his amateur record was 18–7.
His entry into eastern martial arts began in the 1950s with judo and jiu jitsu. Through the years he studied and practiced various martial arts styles to the point where he developed his own style called Wei Kune Do.
He was a sparring partner and friend of famed martial artist Bruce Lee. Fong appeared on the cover of the 10th anniversary edition of "Black Belt" magazine. Bruce Lee arranged it.
Fong has a bachelor of arts degree in physical education, a masters of theology degree as well as a degree in social work.
Film career.
The first film in which he acted was "Murder In The Orient" (1974), a Filipino martial arts exploitation film that co-starred Ronald L. Marchini and also featured Eva Reyes and Rodolfo 'Boy' Garcia. In 1975 he starred in "Bamboo Trap" with Filipino actors George Estregan, Chanda Romero, Eddie Garcia, Rez Cortez and martial arts cult hero Ron van Clief.
Since the late '70s as well as being the main actor in films, he has branched out into writing, directing, and producing films. Some of his films in the early to mid-'80s featured the same stock of actors, Cameron Mitchell, Hope Holiday and Stack Pierce.
A more recent film of his is "Transformed", a 2005 film with a somewhat Christian theme and anti-drug message that featured Tadashi Yamashita and Fred Williamson. This was the second time that he had appeared in a film with Williamson. The first was "Blind Rage", a 1978 film about a gang of blind men that rob a bank. As well as acting in "Transformed", he also directed and produced it, composed the theme song and was involved in the editing. His latest film work includes "Drifter TKD", a 2008 film in which he played Master Lee and "The Last Musketeer" 2009 which he produced.
Present and recent film activities.
Recently Fong has played the part of a reporter in "Office Paranormal" that also stars Shalim Ortiz and Robert Miano.
Selected filmography.
Actor
Fighting Style.
Wei Kune Do (Way of the Integrated Fist): A complete system based on its roots in Jeet Kune Do, Serrada Escrima, Western Boxing, Choy Lay Fut, Northern Shaolin, Wrestling, Tae Kwon Do, Tang Soo Do, Karate, Judo, Jujutsu, Arnis, and Wing Chun.

</doc>
<doc id="21535316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535316" title="Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Malta took part at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland. Their entry was singer William Mangion with the song "This Time".
A national final was held to select the Maltese entry, held on 13 March 1993, and hosted by John Demanuele & Marija Bugeja.
National final.
The Maltese final was held at the Mediterranean Conference Centre in Valletta. The songs were firstly performed in Maltese, then in English. Only the top 3 were announced.
At Eurovision.
William Mangion performed 8th on the night of the contest, following Belgium and preceding Iceland. At the close of the voting the song had received 66 points, placing 8th of 25.

</doc>
<doc id="21535317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535317" title="Gordy Holz">
Gordy Holz

Gordon Francis Holz (born May 14, 1933 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is a former professional American football defensive tackle and offensive tackle in the American Football League. He played five seasons for the AFL's Denver Broncos and the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="21535324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535324" title="Ministry of Finance (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Finance (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Finance is a government ministry, responsible for the economy of Zimbabwe. The incumbent is Tendai Biti. Its oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21535327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535327" title="Foreign portfolio investment">
Foreign portfolio investment

In economics, foreign portfolio investment is the entry of funds into a country where foreigners make purchases in the country’s stock and bond markets, sometimes for speculation.
It is a usually short term investment (sometimes less than a year, or with involvement in the management of the company), as opposed to the longer term Foreign Direct Investment partnership (possibly through joint venture), involving transfer of technology and "know-how". For example, Ford Motor Company may invest in a manufacturing plant in Mexico, yet not be in direct control of its affairs.
Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI): passive holdings of securities and other financial assets, which do NOT entail active management or control of the securities's issuer. FPI is positively influenced by high rates of return and reduction of risk through geographic diversification. The return on FPI is normally in the form of interest payments or non-voting dividends.

</doc>
<doc id="21535334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535334" title="Ahmed Zaki (politician)">
Ahmed Zaki (politician)

Ahmed Zaki (16 April 1931 – 15 November 1996) was Prime Minister of the Republic of Maldives from 1972 to 1975. In March 1975, newly elected Prime Minister Zaki was arrested in a bloodless coup and was banished to a remote atoll. Observers suggested that Zaki was becoming too popular and hence posed a threat to the Nasir faction.

</doc>
<doc id="21535341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535341" title="Ed Galigher">
Ed Galigher

Edward Albert Galigher (born October 15, 1950 in Hayward, California) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who played for seven seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and the New York Jets.
Galigher graduated from Sunset High School in Hayward, California in 1968.
Galigher played football for Chabot College in Hayward in 1968 and 1969.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21535365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535365" title="John St John, 12th Baron St John of Bletso">
John St John, 12th Baron St John of Bletso

John St John of Northwood, 12th Baron St John of Bletso (15 November 1725 - 20 April 1767) was a British peer. 
St John was the eldest son of John St John, 11th Baron St John of Bletso and his wife Elizabeth Crowley, daughter of Sir Ambrose Crowley of Greenwich. He was educated at Winchester College and at New College, Oxford. He inherited the title of Baron St John of Bletso on the death of his father in 1757.
St John died at the age of 41 at Nice but was buried at Bletsoe.
St John married Susanne Louise Simond, the daughter of Peter Simond, a wealthy French Huguenot merchant in London. She brought £20,000 to the marriage. Their eldest son, John Peter died aged just three and St John was succeeded in the barony successively by his second son Henry and his third son St Andrew. His widow died at Bath, Somerset in 1805 at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="21535367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535367" title="Sir David Reid, 1st Baronet">
Sir David Reid, 1st Baronet

Sir David Douglas Reid, 1st Baronet (24 August 1872 – 23 March 1939) was the Unionist Member of Parliament for Down from 1922 until his death in 1939.
Son of Joseph Reid, of 22 Elmwood Avenue, Belfast, he attended Queens College, Belfast and New College, Oxford, graduating with 1st Class honours in History. He then became a barrister. He contested East Tyrone in 1910 before becoming a Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) for East Down from 1918 to 1922, when the constituency was abolished.
In 1936, when appointed Sheriff of Down, he was created a Baronet, of Rademon.

</doc>
<doc id="21535399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535399" title="Émile Paganon">
Émile Paganon

Émile Paganon (July 19, 1916 – January 25, 2012) was a French military officer of the chasseurs alpins and skier. He was leader of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1948 which placed fifth.
Paganon was born in Thônes. He was married to Herminie with one son. The family lived in the French district Vercors, when he served as a ski reconnaissance platoon leader in the 6th Bataillon de chasseurs alpins in Gresse from 1941 to 1943 during World War II. In January 1943 their only son died. In the following years he was Lieutenant in the 3rd/7th Bataillon de chasseurs alpins in Savoy. For his merits in the battle of the Little St Bernard Pass he was awarded with the Bronze Star Medal by Montgomery.
He died at the age of 95 years in Bourg-Saint-Maurice.

</doc>
<doc id="21535403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535403" title="Miss April (1958 film)">
Miss April (1958 film)

Miss April () is a 1958 Swedish comedy film directed by Göran Gentele. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21535421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535421" title="Free contract">
Free contract

In economics, free contract is the concept that people may decide what agreements they want to enter into.
A contract may be described as "free" when it is free from force or fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="21535423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535423" title="Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Iceland was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 by Inga with the song "Þá veistu svarið". Inga was the winner of the Icelandic national final, "Söngvakeppni Sjónvarpsins 1993", organised by Icelandic broadcaster Ríkisútvarpið (RÚV).
Söngvakeppni Sjónvarpsins 1993.
The Icelandic national final, Söngvakeppni Sjónvarpsins, was held on 20 February at the RÚV studios in Reykjavík, hosted by Steinn Ármann Magnússon. 10 songs competed to represent Iceland at the 1993 Eurovision Song Contest, with the final winner selected by the votes of nine juries - eight regional juries and a final professional jury.
The winner of "Þá veistu svarið", composed by Jon Kjell Seljeseth and Friðrik Sturluson and performed by Ingibjörg Stefánsdóttir.
At Eurovision.
Ingibjörg, now as Inga, performed 9th on the night of the contest, held in Millstreet, Ireland, following Malta and preceding Austria. Inga received 42 points for her performance of "Þá veistu svarið", placing 13th of 25 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="21535431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535431" title="Darker Days (The Connells album)">
Darker Days (The Connells album)

Darker Days is the debut album by the American pop/rock band The Connells, initially released in 1985 on independent label Black Park Records in the United States, and on Demon Records in the U.K. The Black Park and Demon versions are distinct, with different cover art and running order, the substitution of "In My Head" for "Dial It", and several remixed tracks. The Black Park version of the album was re-released in 1987 on TVT Records.
US Track listing.
All songs written by Mike Connell except "1934" by George Huntley

</doc>
<doc id="21535437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535437" title="Hatfield Moors">
Hatfield Moors

Hatfield Moors () is a 1400.7 hectare (3461.1 acre) biological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1954.
Managed by Natural England a public body committed to conserving and enhancing the natural environment. Natural England was formed by bringing together English Nature, the landscape, access and recreation elements of the Countryside Agency and the environmental land management functions of the Rural Development Service.
In "The Gentleman's Magazine" 31 August 1727, George Stovin made reference to Hatfield Moor: 'Here is great plenty of furze bufhes, and variety of game, fuch as hares, foxes, kites, eagles, curlews, ducks and geefe; there is no houfe or cottage near it, and but a few old oaks, fallows, and birch; the fouse is a little ftud-bound one, and feems ready to fall'.

</doc>
<doc id="21535443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535443" title="La Palina">
La Palina

La Palina is a brand of cigars of particular note in the history of radio and advertising. The Congress Cigar Company (run by Sam Paley, father of CBS founder William S. Paley) sponsored Kate Smith's first CBS radio network program "Kate Smith and Her Swanee Music". Sam Paley's grandson, William C. Paley, has reacquired rights to the name and is producing La Palina cigars again.
Sam Paley's wife, Goldie Drell Paley, appeared in Spanish costume on cigar box interior and exterior images. Liberally translated from Spanish, "La Palina" is derived from "the female Paley", hence the portrait used in marketing the product.

</doc>
<doc id="21535449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535449" title="Coccinella transversalis">
Coccinella transversalis

Coccinella transversalis, commonly known as the transverse ladybird or transverse lady beetle is a species of ladybird beetle found from India across southern and southeastern Asia to Malesia and Australia.
The transverse ladybird was first described by Danish zoologist Johan Christian Fabricius in 1781 as "Coccinella transversalis" and still bears its original name. Fabricius' description predated Carl Peter Thunberg's naming of this species as "C. repanda" by several months.
Measuring long and wide, the transverse ladybird shows little variation across its wide range. It has a black head with predominantly bright red or orange elytra boldly marked with a black band down the midline and two lateral three-lobed markings.
Like many species of ladybirds, the transverse ladybird plays an important role in agriculture as it preys on a wide array of plant-eating insects which damage crops, particularly early in the growing season. Among those insects hunted include many species of aphids, including the pea aphid ("Acyrthosiphon pisum"), "Aphis affinis", cowpea aphid ("Aphis craccivora"), cotton aphid ("Aphis gossypii"), milkweed aphid ("Aphis nerii"), spirea aphid ("Aphis spiraecola"), leafcurling plum aphid ("Brachycaudus helichrysi"), cabbage aphid ("Brevicoryne brassicae"), "Cervaphis quercus", "Cervaphis rappardi indica", turnip aphid ("Lipaphis pseudobrassicae"), "Macrosiphoniella yomogifoliae", potato aphid ("Macrosiphum euphorbiae"), rose aphid ("Macrosiphum rosae"), "Melanaphis donacis", "Melanaphis sacchari", "Myzus nicotianae", green peach aphid ("Myzus persicae"), "Pentalonia nigronervosa", corn aphid ("Rhopalosiphum maidis"), "Sitobion rosaeiformis", "Taoia indica", "Toxoptera aurantii", "Therioaphis ononidis", "Therioaphis trifolii", "Uroleucon compositae" and "Uroleucon sonchi", species of leafhopper including "Empoascanara indica" and "Idioscopus clypealis", the scale insect species "Orthezia insignis", the Asian citrus psyllid ("Diaphorina citri"), and owlet moth species the cotton bollworm ("Helicoverpa armigera") and oriental leafworm moth ("Spodoptera litura").

</doc>
<doc id="21535453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535453" title="Creigh Deeds gubernatorial campaign, 2009">
Creigh Deeds gubernatorial campaign, 2009

Creigh Deeds was the 2009 Democratic nominee for Governor of Virginia. He has been a Virginia State Senator since 2001 and was the Democratic Party's nominee for Attorney General of Virginia in 2005. He announced his candidacy for governor on December 13, 2007 in an online video. His primary opposition for the Democratic nomination was former Virginia House of Delegates member Brian Moran and former DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe. Deeds won the nomination by a large margin, taking about 50 percent of the vote in the June 9, 2009 Democratic Primary. However, Deeds lost the gubernatorial race held on November 3, to Bob McDonnell, 41.25% to 58.61%.
Background.
Creigh Deeds had been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1991 to 2001 and has been a member of the state senate since he won a special election in the 25th district in 2001.
Positions.
Deeds cast himself as a centrist upon entering the race due to his stances on gun control, the death penalty, and gay marriage.
Primary campaign.
Timeline.
Deeds announced his candidacy in December 2007. He was quickly joined by Delegate Brian Moran who announced on January 3, 2008. Initially, Deeds had built up momentum, having lost the race for Attorney General in 2005 by just 323 votes Deeds's strategy was to campaign to the governor's mansion through his position in the Virginia State Senate by proposing several favorable legislative actions including proposing a measure to give a $10,000 tax-credit to businesses that made "job creating investments" and supporting eliminating the sales tax on renewable energy purchases.
Deeds picked up several major endorsements early in the race such as The International Police Union and (then) Charlottesville Mayor David Brown.
Deeds, along with fellow gubernatorial candidates participated in the Virginia Capitol Correspondents Association dinner.
Deeds was prohibited from raising funds during the 2009 session of the Virginia General Assembly. In addition, it was difficult for Deeds to campaign as he was predominately on the Senate Floor a majority of the time during the session. Deeds returned to the campaign trail in March and began his "Commonwealth Conversations Tour". His campaign has made stops in Bristol, Roanoke as well as other cities.
Deeds announced his 1st quarter fund-raising totals on April 9, 2009. Due to the fact that Deeds participated in the legislative session, his fundraising totals were less than McAuliffe and Moran. Deeds raised approximately $600,000, compared to $800,000 for Moran and $4.2 million for McAuliffe. Deeds reported that he had $1.2 million cash on hand, compared to Moran's $824,000, and that 97% of his contributions came from in-state, compared to 90% for Moran and 18% for McAuliffe.
In early May 2009, Deeds laid off about five campaign staffers, in order to keep airing television ads. After the layoffs, Deeds had 25 staffers across the state and six offices in Charlottesville, Richmond, Hampton Roads, Roanoke, Southside and Northern Virginia.
In late May 2009, Deeds began gaining momentum, according to various polling results. This was due in part to the "Washington Post"'s endorsement of Deeds on May 22.
Polling.
In early results of the three polls taken of the primary race, Deeds had registered at third place. Deeds was also the only candidate prohibited from campaigning due to the January/February session of the General Assembly which took him off the campaign trail. The March poll by Public Policy Polling (PPP) showed Deeds at 15%, 3 points behind McAuliffe's 18% and 7 points behind Moran's 22%. Deeds had also led with independent voters 21%19% over Moran according to the PPP poll released on March 31, 2009.
During late May, 2009, several polls showed Deeds gaining ground. These include Survey USA showing Deeds at 26%.
The first time Deeds lead in a poll after Terry McAuliffe's entrance came on June 2, 2009 when PPP announced the results of its second-to-last primary poll. The poll showed Deeds leading with 27% followed by 24% for McAuliffe and 22% for Moran
Grassroots support.
Deeds maintained thorough grassroots support throughout the 2009 campaign. This included ground support at debates as well a rallies and phone-banks throughout Deeds' campaign offices. Deeds maintained his campaign headquarters in Charlottesville where phone banking the campaign organizes phone banking and other campaign activities.
Deeds, like both of his primary opponents, also maintained online grass-roots support. Deeds offered blogger "badges" to identify blogger support for his campaign. Several prominent Virginian bloggers endorsed Deeds such as Kenneth Bernstein, Alan Zimmerman, and others.
Advertising.
Deeds campaign manager Joe Abbey announced the campaign's decision to go on air via email sent to supporters. This email also contained a link to see one of the ads as well as a link to donate to "Contribute... To keep Creigh's ad on the air" in his words. The same day, the Deeds Campaign announced their decision to purchase air time on four major media markets; Bristol, Richmond, Hampton Roads, as well as Roanoke, Virginia 
The 2 campaign advertisements, entitled "Education Story" and "Most Qualified", both feature Deeds and others in front of a white background with a narrator discussing Deeds issues/plans.
June 9th Primary.
The State of Virginia held its primary election on June 9, 2009 with polls open from 6 am to 7 pm. Turnout was expected from anywhere between 185,000 to 300,000. Not Larry Sabato projected in "Crystal Ball", Creigh Deeds winning the Democratic primary at 7:29 PM followed by FiveThirtyEight.com at 7:45, as well as the Associated Press around the same time. Deeds won handily, amassing approximately 50% of the vote to Mcauliffe's and Moran's 26% and 24% respectively. Deeds won in most geographic areas of the Commonwealth including winning Arlington over Moran 47%-37%, and winning Virginia Beach over McAuliffe 46%-33% Deeds won 10 out of Virginia's 11 congressional districts including the won held by Moran's older brother Congressman Jim Moran
General election campaign.
Timeline.
After gaining the Democratic nomination, Creigh Deeds appeared alongside Governor Tim Kaine and former opponents Brian Moran and Terry McAuliffe at a Democratic Unity Event. Deeds also appeared with fellow running mates Jody Wagner and Steve Shannon in Williamsburg, Virginia along with Senators Warner and Webb. 
Throughout August, Deeds started a campaign tour entitled "Deeds Country" designed to garner votes from traditionally Republican swaths of the state. While this tour was praised by some like Tom Jensen of Public Policy Polling, it was scorned by several Democratic bloggers such as Miles Grant, who said "how many Obama voters are going to be fired up (ready to go) when they see Deeds driving a gas-guzzler down dusty rural roads?"
As the campaign headed into late August and early September, Deeds was shown to be further and further down in the polls with PPP (D) showing Deeds -7%, Rasmussen showing -9%, and SurveyUSA showing Deeds at -12% (see below). However, "The Washington Post" broke news of a graduate school Master's thesis written by Bob McDonnell calling working women "detrimental" to the traditional family and criticizing the "purging" of religion from schools. Deeds and other Democrats began attacking McDonnell on his thesis and several polls started showing the race tightening up. By mid September, Rasmussen Reports had Deeds behind 48%–46% while the "Washington Post" had him losing 51%–47% (see below).
However, Deeds' campaign failed to generate much traction and was criticized for going too "negative". Many prominent Democrats, close to the White House, criticized Deeds for allegedly running away from President Obama. With anonymous Obama administration officials bashing Deeds, for his lack of "coordination" with the White House and for straying from the favored campaign strategies of the President and incumbent Governor Kaine, Deeds went on to lose the General Election 59%–41% to Bob McDonnell.
Polling.
The first poll released after Deeds secured the nomination by Rasmussen Reports had Deeds leading Republic Opponent Bob McDonnell 47%-41% In the same survey, 42% said Deeds is more likely to win while 34% said the same about McDonnell.
A Survey USA poll released in July showed McDonnell beating Deeds 55%–40%. However, this poll was cited as inaccurate by several including Public Policy Polling, another polling firm.
Results.
These results were current as of 1:30 PM Eastern on Thursday, November 17, with 100% of precincts reporting. McDonnell received the highest percentage of the vote for Governor out of any candidate since 1961. He won the majority of the vote in all age groups and bested Deeds in both the Asian and White demographics by large margins.

</doc>
<doc id="21535479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535479" title="Ministry of Health and Child Welfare (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Health and Child Welfare (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Health and Child Welfare is a government ministry, responsible for health in Zimbabwe. David Parirenyatwa has headed the ministry since 2013.
Its oversees:
References.
The Permanent Secretary is Brigadier Dr G Gwinji

</doc>
<doc id="21535482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535482" title="Rock Island Light">
Rock Island Light

Rock Island Light is a lighthouse on Rock Island in the Saint Lawrence River in the U.S. state of New York. It is owned by the New York State Parks. In 2007, the Council of Parks, Recreation and Historical Preservation received a $900,000 grant from the US Department of Transportation as part of the . The grant is for the restoration and developing of a method of presenting the historical information and context to the public. The grant is matched by $200,000 in state money. The restoration will include expanding the dock, providing water, sewer and electrical service to the island, restore the lighthouse and keeper's quarters and establish a museum for the role of Rock Island Light.
Shipwreck.
The A.E. Vickery sank August 17, 1889 when it struck a shoal while entering the "American Narrows" destined for Wisers Distillery at Prescott, Ontario, Canada, the makers of Wiser's whiskey. The boat now rests near Rock Island and it is a favorite underwater diving attraction in the Thousand Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="21535499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535499" title="Henry Madzorera">
Henry Madzorera

Henry Madzorera is a Zimbabwean politician who was Minister of Health and Child Welfare from 2009 to 2013. A member of the MDC-T, he has also served as the Senator for Kwekwe.

</doc>
<doc id="21535503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535503" title="Lena Söderblom">
Lena Söderblom

Lena Söderblom (born 24 October 1935) is a Swedish actress. She has appeared in 24 films since 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21535517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535517" title="Ministry of Local Government and Urban Development (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Local Government and Urban Development (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Local Government, Rural and Urban Development is a government ministry, responsible for local government in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Ignatius Chombo and the deputy minister is Sesel Zvidzai. It oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21535520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535520" title="Robert Montgomerie (novelist)">
Robert Montgomerie (novelist)

Robert Montgomerie read Greats at Oxford. He taught at St Edward's School, Oxford, and, from 1969 until retirement in 1998, at Rugby. He taught both Latin and Greek, but specialised in ancient history and classical civilisation. 
Robert is a member of the Classical Association and the Joint Association of Classical Teachers. He also is the Managing Editor for "Sparta" - Journal of Ancient Spartan and Greek History. 
In 2008, he released his first history novel, with title, "Helot: A Story of Ancient Sparta" (ISBN 978-0955747410).

</doc>
<doc id="21535522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535522" title="Arthur Bunting">
Arthur Bunting

Arthur Bunting (birth registered July→September in Hemsworth district) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, and coach of the 1960s, '70s and 80s, playing at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, as a , i.e. number 7, and coaching at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, and Hull.
Playing career.
Arthur Bunting grew up in a hot bed of rugby league in the Featherstone/Pontefract area, he played for Hull Kingston Rovers and went on to coach them. 
Coaching career.
In December 1978, he was offered the chance to coach Hull. Under Bunting, Hull won all the game's major trophies and repeatedly featured in finals, as well as creating a world record, when in winning the Second Division title in 1978–79 they won all of their 26 league games, an achievement never done before or since, he was coach of Hull until 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21535539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535539" title="Sarper">
Sarper

Sarper is a Turkish name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21535542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535542" title="Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries">
Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries

Operations.
The shipyard is spread over an area of , has three dry docks with a total length of and of berths. In 2002 the company delivered two tankers of to the Norwegian company Kleven Floro used for the transportation of orange juice. One of the main customers of the shipyard is the German company Hamburg Süd which ordered six container ships of around each, and seven ships of each as well as four tugboats. The company also signed in 2005 an agreement with Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A., NSB, Gebab and Conti companies for the construction of 12 container ships of around each that will be delivered in stages until 2011 at a total cost of US$ 1.1 billion.
Goliath Crane.
In 2008 the shipyard bought the largest gantry crane in North America, the "Goliath Crane", formerly located in Quincy, Massachusetts, from the General Dynamics company. Built in 1975, the crane, nicknamed "Goliath", "Big Blue", "The Dog" or "Horse", has a height of , a span of , a weight of and a lifting capacity of . The cranes's re-assembly has been under way since March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21535549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535549" title="Gaby Stenberg">
Gaby Stenberg

Ida Gabriella "Gaby" Stenberg (9 January 1923 – 20 September 2011) was a Swedish actress. She appeared in forty films between 1936 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21535569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535569" title="Shilton railway station">
Shilton railway station

Shilton railway station was a railway station serving Shilton in the English county of Warwickshire. on the Trent Valley Line of the LNWR. 
It was situated where Church Road crosses the line. The booking office was built on the bridge, with steps down to the two island platforms. Initially there were two running lines when the station opened in 1847. A third up line was added between Bulkington and Rugby in 1871, for which an extra arch was built for the bridge. This became a passenger line in 1876 utilising the opposite side of the up platform, and a further line provided sidings for 22 wagons. On the down side was a refuge siding from under the bridge, which later became the down goods and also became a loop from the main line. However although it ran next to the platform, it was fenced off.
The booking office was built with brick for the front and side walls, but the rest of it was timber which, over the years, became more and more dilapidated. The covered steps to the platforms were of corrugated iron. So it was not a pretty station and platform facilities were minimal, little more than a small waiting shelter on the down platform.
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway. It closed in 1957
External links.
 <BR>

</doc>
<doc id="21535575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535575" title="Opal (armoured personnel carrier)">
Opal (armoured personnel carrier)

The "Opal"-I is a multi-purpose fully amphibious armoured personnel carrier developed and produced by HSW S.A.. APC is a development of MT-LB that was produced in HSW on licence. Major changes are with reworked nose section and propellers for better in water speed and manoeuvrability, new turret with 12.7 mm NSVT machine-gun instead of old with 7.62 PKT and powered-up engine. "Opal"-II is a stretched variant with longer chassis with 7 road wheels on each side, like the 2S1 and MT-LBu and 300 hp (220 kW) SW680T engine.
Variants.
WPT "Mors".
("WPT" for "Wóz Pogotowia Technicznego" - lit "Technical Emergency Vehicle") - technical support vehicle with light crane, hydraulic dozerblade, welding equipment and an NBC detection system. The vehicle is a basic support vehicle of mechanized battalions equipped with BMP-1 IFV in Polish Land Forces.
TRI "Hors".
("TRI" for "Transporter Rozpoznania Inżynieryjnego" - lit. "Engineering Reconnaissance Vehicle") - engineering vehicle with basic equipment. In use with Polish Land Forces.
TRI-D "Durian".
It's TRI "Hors" additionally equipped with trailer-mounted UZR-3 mine clearing system. In use with Polish Land Forces.
ISM "Kroton".
("ISM" for "Inżynieryjny System Minowania" – lit. "Engineer Minelaying System", "Kroton" is Polish for Croton) - "Opal"-II based engineer vehicle with mine-scattering system UMN mounted on a cargo bed. UMN consists of 4 launchers, each with 20 launch containers for anti-personnel or anti-tank mines. The ISM has a crew of 2 and a combat weight of 15.25 tonnes. It entered service with Polish Land Forces in 2004.
"Lotos".
Armoured ambulance vehicle. In service with Polish Land Forces.
ZWD-10R "Łowcza"-3.
("ZWD" for "Zautomatyzowany Wóz Dowodzenia" – lit. "Automatic Command Vehicle") - "Opal"-I based air defence command vehicle equipped with "Łowcza" system. The troop compartment section of vehicle is higher than in standard vehicle. Also known as LA-3. Vehicle is used by Polish Land Forces.
LSPZRA "Sopel".
("LSPZRA" for "lekki samobieżny przeciwlotniczy zestaw rakietowo-artyleryjski" – lit. "light, self-propelled, anti-aircraft, combined gun and missile system"; "Sopel" is Polish for Icicle) - air defence variant armed with twin 23 mm cannon and two 9M32M "Strela-2M" surface to air missiles. Vehicle designed as air-defence vehicle for mechanized units. Only prototype.
LSPZRA "Stalagmit".
("Stalagmit" is Polish for Stalagmite) - development of "Sopel", based on "Opal"-II, armed with ELOP turret with two 23 mm Model-4216 guns and 4 "Grom" surface to air missiles. This variant was equipped with more advanced guiding systems. Only prototype.
"Bor".
Ammunition re-supply vehicle for artillery units. Only prototype.

</doc>
<doc id="21535588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535588" title="Ministry of Justice and Legal Affairs (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Justice and Legal Affairs (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Justice is a government ministry, responsible for courts in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Patrick Chinamasa and the deputy minister is Jessie Majome.

</doc>
<doc id="21535592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535592" title="Helium (operating system)">
Helium (operating system)

Helium is a real-time kernel for the HC(S)08 processor core by Freescale and Atmel AVR.

</doc>
<doc id="21535595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535595" title="1952 Allan Cup">
1952 Allan Cup

The 1952 Allan Cup was the Canadian national senior ice hockey championship for the 1951-52 Senior "A" season. The event was hosted by the Fort Frances Canadians and Fort Frances, Ontario. The 1952 playoff marked the 44th time that the Allan Cup has been awarded.
Playdowns.
Eastern Playdowns.
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
Western Playdowns.
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final

</doc>
<doc id="21535602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535602" title="Gods Behaving Badly">
Gods Behaving Badly

Gods Behaving Badly is a novel by the British author Marie Phillips. It was first published by Jonathan Cape in 2007. Set in London, it tells the tale of the twelve gods of Mount Olympus living in a rundown flat as their powers wane. It has been selected for The Atlantic's 1Book140 Twitter book club's book of the month for August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21535610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535610" title="Go with Me">
Go with Me

Go With Me is a 2008 novel by American writer Castle Freeman, Jr.. It is Castle Freeman's third novel and it was first published by Steerforth Press in January 2008.
Plot summary.
This short novel of only 160 pages is set in backwoods Vermont where the local villain, Blackway, is making life hellish for Lillian, a young woman from outside the area. Her boyfriend has fled the state in fear, and local law enforcement can do nothing to protect her. She resolves to stand her ground, and to fight back. Lillian enlists the powerful brute Nate and the wily old-timer Lester to take the fight to her tormenter whilst an eccentric Greek chorus of locals ponders her likely fate.
Inspiration.
The novel was inspired by Thomas Malory's "King Arthur Tales", specifically the "".

</doc>
<doc id="21535611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535611" title="Ernest Franklin Bozman">
Ernest Franklin Bozman

Ernest Franklin Bozman (1895–1968) is a British author and the editor of two editions of "Everyman's Encyclopaedia".

</doc>
<doc id="21535619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535619" title="Ministry of Agriculture (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Agriculture (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Agriculture "(MOA)" is a government ministry, responsible for agriculture in Zimbabwe, (including the management of agricultural land use but not land reform). The incumbent Minister is Joseph Made. The ministry is located in Harare. It oversees:
State corporations.
State corporations under the direction of the Ministry of Agriculture include:

</doc>
<doc id="21535620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535620" title="Bozman">
Bozman

Bozman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21535627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535627" title="Raising Duncan">
Raising Duncan

Raising Duncan was a partly autobiographical, syndicated comic strip by Chris Browne. It ran from 2000 until 2005.
The story followed the lives of 'Big Daddy' and his wife Adelle. They were both novelists. Adelle, the more successful of the two, was an award winning mystery writer. Big Daddy wrote romantic novels. They had two pets: Duncan, a black Scottie dog, after whom the strip was named, and a cat called Brambley. 

</doc>
<doc id="21535633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535633" title="Ministry of Environment (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Environment (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Environment is a government ministry, responsible for environment in Zimbabwe. The incumbent is Francis Nhema. It oversees:
However the Ministry of Environment is thus doing just to its job, but rather in the past years due to economic recession in the country have fail to reach its target towards mitigating the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="21535650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535650" title="Fun &amp; Games (The Connells album)">
Fun &amp; Games (The Connells album)

Fun & Games is the third album by the American pop/rock band The Connells, released in 1989. It was recorded primarily at Fort Apache Studios, in Cambridge, MA, with additional recording at Studio 900 in New York City and Reflection Studio in Charlotte, NC. In the US, the album reached #163 on the Billboard 200 while the single "Something to Say" reached #7 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. 
Track listing.
"Fine Tuning" was a CD only bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="21535653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535653" title="Walter Mzembi">
Walter Mzembi

Walter Mzembi is a Zimbabwean politician, currently serving as Minister of Tourism. He is the Member of House of Assembly for Masvingo South (ZANU-PF).
When the ZANU-PF–Movement for Democratic Change national unity government was sworn in on February 13, 2009, Mzembi became Minister of Tourism. Of paramount importance has been his role in the organising of the UNWTO to be co-hosted by Zimbabwe and Zambia in August this year http://www.thestandard.co.zw/2013/07/08/unwto-mzembi-begs-private-sector-aid/.
inspection team satisfied with mzembi's work==References==

</doc>
<doc id="21535673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21535673" title="Stuart Pearson (businessman)">
Stuart Pearson (businessman)

Stuart Pearson (born c.1984) is an Irish convenience store worker whose name was linked to a number of investment rumours in 2008. All of which turned out to be a hoax.
Biography.
He was born in Arklow where his family lived in Templerainey and owned a Burmah petrol station. By 1998 they moved to Carlow where he claimed to own 'The Foundry' nightclub. (In fact, The Foundry is part of the Dinn Rí Hotel complex owned by the McLoughlin family.) Pearson qualified as an accountant in Portlaoise c.2008. He moved with his wife and two daughters to County Kilkenny, where he rented a house in Goresbridge and worked in a convenience store in Graiguenamanagh. He was attacked in a robbery on the shop in January 2008. In May 2009, "The Irish Times" reported that he had separated from his wife, who claimed to have no knowledge of his business dealings; and that locals in Goresbridge were surprised by and sceptical of the reports of Pearson's extreme claim of wealth. The "Irish Daily Mail" had expressed similar scepticism in December 2008.
Purported investments.
According to interviews, Pearson inherited money from relatives' land in 2003. This was held by trustees till 2008, who invested it in property, mostly commercial property, in Ireland and Britain. Pearson Holdings and Acquisitions was reported to have property in counties Carlow, Wicklow, Dublin, and north Kildare. It reportedly paid £340m in 2004 and £600m later for retail property in London; bought some units in Grafton Street, Dublin; and earned €600m or €800m from an investment in New York City.
In October 2008, Pearson was reported to have been negotiating to buy Taggart Holdings, a housebuilding firm based in Northern Ireland which was in administration with debts reported at €150m. In December 2008, it was reported that he might invest in Aer Lingus, and subsequently that he might launch a takeover offer of up to €900m, funded from a war chest of €1.5–2b. In 2009, he was reported to be planning to build a retirement village in Arklow, and to start an insurance company. He is reported to support many charities in Carlow and Kilkenny, and in April 2009 was producing a DVD showcasing investment opportunities in the region.
All this turned out to be a hoax which Pearson started to get attention.

</doc>
