<doc id="21510173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510173" title="Doublehead">
Doublehead

Doublehead (1744–1807) or Incalatanga ("Tal-tsu'tsa" in Cherokee), was one of the most feared warriors of the Cherokee during the Chickamauga Wars. In 1788, his brother, Old Tassel, was chief of the Cherokee people, but was killed under a truce (negotiating peace) by frontier rangers. In 1791 Doublehead was among a delegation of Cherokees who visited U.S. President George Washington in Philadelphia. After the peace treaty at the Tellico Blockhouse in 1794, Doublehead served as one of the leaders of the Chickamauga (or "Lower Cherokee"). Upon the death of his nephew, Principal Chief John Watts, in 1802, Doublehead was chosen as leader of the Chickamauga (taking on the title "Chuqualataque").
Personal life.
It is thought that Doublehead's father was Great Eagle (or "Willenewa"), a nephew of Chief Old Hop and a cousin of Chief "Attakullakulla" (or Little Carpenter). One of his brothers was Old Tassel, killed while treating with the lost State of Franklin. Two of his relatives, "Tahlonteeskee" and John Jolly, were also leaders among the Chickamauga and both later became Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation—West. Doublehead's last wife was Nancy Drumgoole. Their youngest son, Bird Doublehead, was only twelve years old at the time of Doublehead's assassination.
Living in the Overhill Towns on the Little Tennessee River, he took only sporadic part in the campaigns of Dragging Canoe, until the murder of his brother, and another pacifist chief, Abraham of Chilhowee, under a flag of truce during an embassy to the State of Franklin in 1788. Thereafter, he became one of the most vicious fighters —and able leaders —of the Cherokee at war.
Beginnings as a war leader.
His first act in his new crusade was to lead a party of warriors in concert with those of Dragging Canoe in an assault on White's Fort in East Tennessee that same year. Thereafter, he and his warriors operated somewhat independently, though occasionally joining Dragging Canoe's campaigns, operating from his new settlement of Coldwater at the head of the Muscle Shoals on the Tennessee River in what is now the state of Alabama. The location at the time was within the territory claimed by the Chickasaw, but Doublehead solved that problem by marrying two daughters to George Colbert, the chief of the Chickasaw town at the foot of the Shoals. Doublehead's band included not only Cherokee, but Muskogee, Shawnee, and renegade Chickasaw (whose council and chiefs were adamantly opposed to the wars).
Activities in later years of the wars.
Beginning in 1791, he began operating closely with the parties of his great-nephew, Bob Benge, who was to become one of the most feared warriors on the frontier, and Benge's brother, The Tail, who were then based in Willstown. Following the death of Dragging Canoe in 1792, he became part of a triumvirate of leaders among the Chickamauga, along with Bloody Fellow and his nephew, John Watts, who was recognized as the chief of them.
In September 1792, Watts orchestrated a large campaign into the Cumberland region of combined Cherokee and Muskogee forces which included a contingent of cavalry. It was to be a three-pronged attack in which "Tahlonteeskee" (or "Talotiskee") of the Muskogee (who was either a Creek chief or a relative of Doublehead by that name) led a force to ambush the Kentucky road; Middle Striker led another to do the same on the Walton road; while Watts himself led the main army which was made up of 280 Cherokee, Shawnee, and Muskogee warriors and cavalry, against a settlement on the Cumberland River known as Buchanan's Station on Sept. 30, 1792. Among the attackers were the Shawnee Warrior (also known as "Chiksika", or "Cheeseekau"), "Tahlonteeskee", and Dragging Canoe's brother, Little Owl, all of whom died in the encounter. Also killed in the attack was Pumpkin Boy, a younger brother of Doublehead.
One an earlier occasion, Doublehead, Pumpkin Boy, and their nephew Bob Benge, had led a raid into southwestern Kentucky during which their warriors, in an act initiated by Doublehead, cannibalized the enemies they had just killed. Their act was in imitation of the Iroquois, particularly the Mohawk, who did so to intimidate their enemies (especially during the Beaver Wars). Though every warrior present partook, Benge never operated with Doublehead afterward, sickened at his actions and at his own, nor did the later leader, The Ridge, who also took part.
Beginning of his troubles with James Vann.
In 1793, a delegation of Shawnee stopped in "Ustanali", the principal city of the Cherokee, on their way to call on the Muskogee and Choctaw to punish the Chickasaw for joining St. Clair's army in the north. Watts sent envoys to Knoxville, then the capital of the Southwest Territory, to meet with Governor William Blount to discuss terms for peace. This party, which included Bob McLemore, Tahlonteeskee, Captain Charley of Running Water, and Doublehead, along with the white delegation, was attacked by militia during a stop at the Overhill town of Coyatee. Hanging Maw (one of two men claiming the title of "First Beloved Man") was wounded, and several others, including his wife, daughter, and one of the white delegates, were killed. The Cherokee (and, amazingly, Watts' hostile Chickamauga warriors) agreed to await the outcome of the subsequent trial, which proved to be a farce. This was in large part because the man responsible was a close friend of John Sevier.
Watts responded by invading the Holston area with one of the largest Indian forces ever seen in the region —over one thousand Cherokee, Muskogee, and Shawnee —intending to attack Knoxville itself. On the way, the Cherokee leaders were discussing among themselves whether to kill all the inhabitants of Knoxville, or just the men, James Vann advocating the latter while Doublehead argued for the former. Further on the way, they encountered a small settlement called Cavett's Station. After they had surrounded the place, Benge negotiated with the inhabitants, agreeing that if they surrendered, their lives would be spared. However, after the settlers had walked out, Doublehead's group and his Muskogee allies attacked and began killing them over the pleas of Benge and the others. Vann managed to grab one small boy and pull him onto his saddle, only to have Doublehead smash the boy's skull with an axe. Watts intervened in time to save another young boy, handing him to Vann, who put the boy behind him on his horse and later handed him over to three of the Muskogee for safe-keeping. Unfortunately, one of the Muskogee chiefs killed the boy and scalped him a few days later.
Because of the above incident, Vann called Doublehead "Babykiller" for the remainder of his life. This incident also began a lengthy feud which defined the politics of the early 19th-century Cherokee Nation.
After the wars.
Doublehead, as well as being one of the leaders of the Lower Towns, was elected first Speaker of the Cherokee National Council, when the Cherokee formed its first nascent national government, in 1794. He became one of the foremost advocates of acculturation and one of the richest men in The Cherokee Nation —the Lower Towns then being the wealthiest section of the entire country. He was also a chief advocate of land sales, along with several older chiefs in the Lower Towns, whose number included Dragging Canoe's brother, Turtle at Home. This only increased the enmity between him and his chief rival, James Vann, who was the richest man in "The Nation."
Death.
In August 1807, because of his ongoing machinations with U.S. Indian Affairs Commissioner Return J. Meigs, Jr. regarding under-the-table land deals, as well as personal animosity going back nearly two decades, several of the younger leaders of the Nation, led by James Vann, conspired to assassinate Doublehead. Meanwhile, Doublehead lost part of his thumb in a scuffle with a Cherokee named Bone Polisher. Vann, because of his personal animosity toward Doublehead going back nearly two decades, had initially planned to lead the assault, but had become too drunk to take part. The Ridge (later known as Major Ridge) and Alexander Sanders, shot the injured chief in McIntosh's Tavern at the Hiwassee Garrison near the Cherokee Agency (now Calhoun, Tennessee). The badly wounded Doublehead sought safety in the attic of schoolmaster Jonathan Blacke's house, where the assassins finished the job with knives and tomahawks. Thomas Norris Clark was a close friend of the Cherokee Indian Chief Doublehead, and when a treaty was signed on 25 October 1805 for the location of a Fort opposite and below the mouth of the Hawassee River and on the North Bank of the Tennessee River. The Hiwassee Garrison, 1805 to 1817, As part of this treaty, a secret article was applicable to a small tract of land at and below the mouth of the Clinch River, to the one mile square at the foot of the Cumberland Mountains, and to the one square mile on the north bank of the Tennessee River where Cherokee Talootiske lived. The first mentioned tract was also intended for the benefit of Chief Doublehead, who leased it on 19 February 1806 to Thomas N. Clark for 20 years. When Chief Doublehead was killed at the site of the Hawassee Garrison in August 1807 by rivals who accused him of being a traitor to the Cherokees, the State of Tennessee assumed to grant the tract to Thomas N, Clark on 10 December 1820. At the time of the murder of Chief Doublehead, Thomas N Clark, John D. Chisholm, and Major Return J. Meigs had been appointed the executors of the estate by Chief Doublehead, and he wished that his estate be disposed of in the manner of white people and his wishes were read and approved by the Cherokee Council. Chief Doublehead's son Birdsong Doublehead, who was twelve years old and living in the Clarks' home at the time of his father’s murder, stayed there until his father’s estate could be settle, and then Clark took him down to Mussel Shoals Alabama to be with his mother Nancy Drumgoole, last wife of Chief Doublehead. 
A historical irony deserves mention here. Walker's Ferry on the Hiwasssee River was owned by John Walker, Jr., a mixed blood who was one of Vann's associates. In July 1834, because of his advocacy of removal in the years leading up to the Treaty of New Echota, Walker was assassinated on the road home from Red Clay, TN after a meeting of the Cherokee National Council. His killers were James Foreman and his half brother Anderson Springston. In June 1839, after the Cherokee Removal to Indian Territory, Major Ridge, his son John Ridge, and nephew Elias Boudinot (Cherokee) were accused of the same crime as that of Doublehead and themselves became the targets of assassins. Among the killers of Major Ridge were James Foreman, Anderson Springston, Isaac Springston, and Bird Doublehead. They were all maternal half-brothers whose mother was Nancy Drumgoole, last wife of Doublehead. Their son, Bird Doublehead, was twelve years old and residing at the home of Thomas Norris Clark when his father, Doublehead, was murdered by the Cherokee assassins, Alexander Sanders and Major Ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="21510178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510178" title="Débéla">
Débéla

Débéla is a village and the administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Zanina in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510184" title="CD302">
CD302

The CD302 antigen also known as C-type lectin domain family 13 member A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CD302" gene.
Function.
CD302 is a C-type lectin receptor involved in cell adhesion and migration, as well as endocytosis and phagocytosis.

</doc>
<doc id="21510189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510189" title="Kilbeg">
Kilbeg

Kilbeg or Cuilbeg ( or ) is a common place name in Ireland:

</doc>
<doc id="21510195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510195" title="Fonfona">
Fonfona

Fonfona is a village and the administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Tao in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 45 km northwest of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510197" title="Anthony Van Loo">
Anthony Van Loo

Anthony Van Loo is a young Belgian defender, who last played for SV Roeselare in the Jupiler League.
Around June 2008 he was diagnosed with a heart condition, possibly hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but was allowed to resume his career after having a defibrillator implanted in him. A video clip showing Van Loo's defibrillator at work, shocking his heart back into a normal rhythm after he had suffered a cardiac arrhythmia during a match, was posted to YouTube on 8 June 2009.
International.
Van Loo was a member of Belgium's squad for the 2007–09 International Challenge Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="21510199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510199" title="Zansoni">
Zansoni

Zansoni is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Fakolo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 35 km northwest of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510213" title="CLEC10A">
CLEC10A

C-type lectin domain family 10 member A also known as CLEC10A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CLEC10A" gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the C-type lectin/C-type lectin-like domain (CTL/CTLD) superfamily. Members of this family share a common protein fold and have diverse functions, such as cell adhesion, cell-cell signalling, glycoprotein turnover, and roles in inflammation and immune response. The encoded type 2 transmembrane protein may function as a cell surface antigen. Two transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been identified for this gene.

</doc>
<doc id="21510218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510218" title="Bobola Zangasso">
Bobola Zangasso

Bobola Zangasso is a village and the administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Zanfigué in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510223" title="Watch Out (Alex Gaudino song)">
Watch Out (Alex Gaudino song)

"Watch Out" is a single by Alex Gaudino featuring Shèna, released on January 28, 2008. It is the third single released from his debut album "My Destination". The second release topically coincided with UEFA Euro 2008, as the music video features a "video-game" football match played by raunchy women in spandex shorts/tops. The song samples Pigbag's "Papa's Got A Brand New Pigbag", while Shèna's vocals play a considerable part in track. The song was co-written by the Italian DJ and producer Jerma (uncredited).
Music video.
The music video starts with Alex Gaudino and his friend playing a virtual game of football (soccer) on an unknown video game console. The two men select a player type (all are female); Gaudino chooses blue tops and his friend plays Team Diablo in white tops, and they play in the Gaudino Arena. The game starts with a shot between one of the player's legs and doors then open behind her. They enter the arena wearing tight Lycra tops and shorts which are both short and revealing. The two teams start doing exercises including star jumps, stretching and bending of the legs, with some angles showing close-ups of buttocks and cleavage. The game eventually kicks off. Team Gaudino scores a goal, and later tackles team Diablo causing one girl to trip. A nurse is called out by the referee and she uses a "magic sponge" which miraculously heals the bruise. The play continues and team Diablo scores a goal. A player from team Gaudino then pulls on the shorts of a Diablo player, which causes the referee to give Gaudino a foul and Diablo gets a free kick. Team Diablo scores another goal and the game ends. Diablo then shakes hands with Alex Gaudino at the end of the video.
The soccer players are played by Amy Perfect and Sophie Burles.

</doc>
<doc id="21510226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510226" title="Seret River">
Seret River

The Seret River (Ukrainian: Серет) is the left tributary of the Dniester that flows through the Ternopil Oblast of Ukraine. Its length is 242 km; the basin covers some 3900 km2. The towns of Ternopil, Terebovlia and Chortkiv sit along the river's banks. Some of the bloodiest fighting of the Great War took place on the banks of the Seret.

</doc>
<doc id="21510238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510238" title="Bongosso">
Bongosso

Bongosso (or Bougounso) is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Koromo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 45 km northeast of Koutiala.
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Bongosso in February 1828 on his journey to Timbuktu. He was travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné. He described the village in his book "Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo" published in 1830. He wrote:
About eleven in the morning we arrived at Bancousso , a large village containing a population of five or six hundred, and situated in a well cultivated plain, shaded by baobabs. This village has a large market, well supplied with the productions of the country; I saw in it a great quantity of cloth and earthen pots which are made here.

</doc>
<doc id="21510245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510245" title="Pamgarh">
Pamgarh

Pamgarh is a town in Janjgir-Champa district, Chhattisgarh, India. It is one of the 36 "Garh" of Chhattisgarh state. Pamgarh is on National Highway 200 National Highway 200 (India) and the Garh (fort) is visible from the road. Pamgarh hosts a police station. Nearby villages are Loharsi and Kharod which is famous for various ponds. Archeological items found during excavations include extended spinal cords. 
Geography.
It is located at an altitude of 288 m above MSL.
Location.
The nearest airport is Raipur Airport.
National Highway 200 passes through Pamgarh.
Tourism.
Lakshmaneshwar Temple and Dewarghata are tourist attractions in the vicinity. SheoriNarayan is a tourist place nearby. It got the name SheoriNarayan because Lord Rama ate ber (a type of fuit) at this place, with "Shabari". So actually it is Shabri+Narayan(Rama).
References.
Mehandi is one of the small village near Pamagarh. It is famous as the location for the temple of Lord Hanumana.

</doc>
<doc id="21510256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510256" title="Cross Country USA">
Cross Country USA

Cross Country USA is a 1985 edutainment videogame by Didatech. 
Purpose.
Developed for the PC, the purpose of the game is to pick up commodities from one city and deliver them to another by driving across the country. Players interacted with the game through a command line using commands such as "turn on truck". This game was the American counterpart to "Cross Country Canada" and "Crosscountry Canada 2".

</doc>
<doc id="21510257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510257" title="Koloni, Koutiala">
Koloni, Koutiala

Koloni is a small town and seat of the commune of Niantaga in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21510270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510270" title="Populist Caucus">
Populist Caucus

The Populist Caucus was a caucus within the United States House of Representatives. The caucus was created on February 11, 2009 by Democrat Bruce Braley of Iowa. The caucus included 25 member of the House, all of which are from the Democratic Party. The fifteen members of this caucus are also members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. As of 2014 the caucus is effectively defunct.
Founding Principles.
The Founding Principles of the Caucus are:

</doc>
<doc id="21510279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510279" title="N'Togonasso">
N'Togonasso

N'Togonasso is a small town and seat of the commune of Gouadji Kao in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The town is 42 km northeast of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510285" title="Cyclone Monica">
Cyclone Monica

Severe Tropical Cyclone Monica was the most intense tropical cyclone, in terms of maximum sustained winds, on record to impact Australia. The 17th and final storm of the 2005–06 Australian region cyclone season, Monica originated from an area of low pressure off the coast of Papua New Guinea on 16 April 2006. The storm quickly developed into a Category 1 cyclone the next day, at which time it was given the name Monica. Travelling towards the west, the storm intensified into a severe tropical cyclone before making landfall in Far North Queensland, near Lockhart River, on 19 April 2006. After moving over land, convection associated with the storm quickly became disorganised.
On 20 April 2006, Monica emerged into the Gulf of Carpentaria and began to re-intensify. Over the following few days, deep convection formed around a wide eye. Early on 22 April 2006, the Bureau of Meteorology (BoM) assessed Monica to have attained Category 5 status, on the Australian cyclone intensity scale. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also upgraded Monica to a Category 5 equivalent cyclone, on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. The storm attained its peak intensity the following day with winds of 250 km/h (155 mph 10-minute winds) and a barometric pressure of 916 mbar (hPa; 27.05 inHg). On 24 April 2006, Monica made landfall about west of Maningrida, at the same intensity. Rapid weakening took place as the storm moved over land. Less than 24 hours after landfall, the storm had weakened to a tropical low. The remnants of the former-Category 5 cyclone persisted until 28 April 2006 over northern Australia.
In contrast to the extreme intensity of the cyclone, relatively little structural damage resulted from it. No injuries were reported to have occurred during the storm's existence and losses were estimated to be A$6.6 million (US$5.1 million). However, severe environmental damage took place. In the Northern Territory, an area about 7,000 km2 (4,300 mi2) was defoliated by Monica's high wind gusts. In response to the large loss of forested area, it was stated that it would take several hundred years for the area to reflourish.
Meteorological history.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Monica originated from an area of low pressure that formed early on 16 April 2006 off the coast of Papua New Guinea. The low quickly became organised, with deep convection developing over the low-pressure centre. Later that day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert as the system became increasingly organised. Early the next day, the Bureau of Meteorology in Brisbane, Australia declared that the low had developed into a Category 1 cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone scale, with winds reaching 65 km/h (40 mph 10-minute sustained). Upon being classified as a cyclone, the storm was given the name Monica. At the same time, the JWTC designated Monica as Tropical Cyclone 23P. Monica tracked generally westward, towards Far North Queensland, in response to a low to mid-level ridge to the south.
Low wind shear and good divergence in the path of the storm allowed for continued intensification as continued westward. Late on 17 April 2006, Monica intensified into a Category 2 Cyclone, with winds reaching 95 km/h (60 mph 10-minute sustained). By 1200 UTC on 18 April 2006, the Bureau of Meteorology upgraded Monica to a severe tropical cyclone, a Category 3 on the Australian scale. This followed an increase in the storm's outflow and a fluctuating central dense overcast. Several hours later, the JTWC upgraded Monica to the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. During the afternoon of 19 April 2006, the storm made landfall roughly south-southeast of the Lockhart River with winds of 130 km/h (80 mph 10-minute sustained). At the same time, the JTWC assessed Monica to have intensified into a Category 2 equivalent storm with winds of 155 km/h (100 mph 1-minute sustained).
Shortly after making landfall, convection associated with the storm deteriorated and the outflow became fragmented. A shortwave trough to the south caused the ridge steering Monica to weaken, leading to the cyclone moving slower. After moving over land, the storm began to weaken, with the Bureau of Meteorology downgrading the storm to weaken to Category 1 cyclone and the JTWC downgraded the cyclone to a tropical storm. The following day, Monica moved offshore, entering the Gulf of Carpentaria. Once back over water, favourable atmospheric conditions allowed the storm to quickly intensify. Within 24-hours of moving over water, Monica re-attained severe tropical cyclone status. Following a shift in steering currents, the storm slowed significantly and turned north-westward. Steady intensification continued through 22 April 2006 as the storm remained in a region of low wind shear and favourable diffluence. Early on 22 April 2006 the Bureau of Meteorology upgraded Monica to a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone, the third of the season. By this time, a wide eye had developed within the central dense overcast of the cyclone. Later that day, the JTWC assessed Monica to have intensified into a Category 5 equivalent storm.
Cyclone Monica attained its peak intensity on 23 April 2006 near Cape Wessel with a barometric pressure 916 mbar (hPa; 27.05 inHg). Maximum winds were estimated at 250 km/h (155 mph 10-minute sustained) by the Bureau of Meteorology while the JTWC assessed it to have attained winds of 285 km/h (180 mph 1-minute sustained). Using the dvorak technique, the peak intensity of the cyclone was estimated over along with a minimum pressure below 869 mbar (hPa; 25.66 inHg). At its peak, Monica exceeded a T# of 8.0, the highest ranking on the Dvorak Scale. However, since the JTWC is not the official warning centre for Australian cyclones, these intensities remain unofficial. 
On 24 April 2006, the mid-level ridge south of Monica weakened, causing the storm to turn towards the south-west. Following this, the storm made landfall in the Northern Territory, roughly west of Maningrida, as a Category 5 cyclone with winds of 250 km/h (155 mph 10-minute sustained). Not long after making landfall, the storm weakened extremely quickly. Most convective activity associated with the storm dissipated within nine hours of moving onshore. This resulted in the storm's maximum winds decreasing by 155 km/h (100 mph) in a 12-hour span. After this rapid weakening, the storm turned sharply west moving over the town of Jabiru as a Category 2 cyclone. Within six hours of passing this town, the Bureau of Meteorology downgraded Monica to a tropical low, no longer producing gale-force winds. The JTWC issued their final advisory on the storm at 1800 UTC that day. The remnants of Monica persisted for several more days, tracking near Darwin on 25 April 2006 before turning south-east and accelerating over the Northern Territory. The remnants eventually dissipated on 28 April 2006 over central Australia.
Intensity estimates.
The Bureau of Meteorology uses 10-minute sustained winds, while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center uses one-minute sustained winds. The Bureau of Meteorology's peak intensity for Monica was 250 km/h (155 mph) 10-minute sustained, or 285 km/h (180 mph) one-minute sustained. The JTWC's peak intensity for Monica was 285 km/h (180 mph) one-minute sustained, or 250 km/h (155 mph) 10-minute sustained.
While the storm was active the Bureau of Meteorology's Darwin Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre estimated that Monica, had peaked with a minimum pressure of . However during their post analysis of Monica, the Darwin Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre estimated using the Love-Murphy pressure-wind relationship, that the system had a minimum pressure of . However since then the BoM has started to use the Knaff, Zehr and Courtney pressure-wind relationship, which has estimated that Monica had a minimum pressure of . Other pressure estimates include the Joint Typhoon Warning Center's post analysis estimated pressure of and the University of Wisconsin-Madison's Advanced Dvorak Technique which estimated a minimum pressure of . The Advanced Dvorak Technique pressure estimate would suggest that the system was the most intense tropical cyclone ever recorded worldwide as the pressure is below that of the current world record holder, Typhoon Tip of 1979. In 2010, Stephen Durden of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory studied Cyclone Monica's minimum pressure and suggested that the system likely peaked between and strongly refuted claims that Monica was the strongest tropical cyclone on record.
Preparations and impact.
Queensland.
Upon being declared as Tropical Cyclone Monica on 17 April 2006, the Bureau of Meteorology issued a gale warning for areas along the eastern coast of Far North Queensland. Several hours later, a cyclone warning was issued for north-eastern areas as the storm intensified. An estimated 1,000 people were planned to be evacuated in Far North Queensland before officials shut down major highways in the area. Ferry services in the Great Barrier Reef and flights in and out of the region were cancelled. However, no evacuations took place according to the Emergency Management in Australia. An aborigine community of 700, located around the mouth of the Lockhart River, were in the direct path of the storm. The chief executive officer of the community stated that they were ready for the storm, having suffered no losses from Cyclone Ingrid which impacted the same area in 2005.
Little damage was recorded in Queensland, despite Cyclone Monica being a Category 3 cyclone, as the storm impacted a sparsely populated region of the Cape York peninsula. A storm surge of 1.23 m (4 ft) was recorded in Mossman and waves were recorded up to 4.24 m (13.91 ft) in Weipa. Heavy rainfall was also associated with the storm, exceeding near where Monica made landfall. Wind gusts up to were recorded as the storm traversed the peninsula. Officials reported about 15% of the structures along the Lockhart River sustained minor damages and no fatalities were caused as a result of the cyclone. Minor coastal flooding was also reported due to Monica. Three Torres Strait Islanders were rescued after 22 days drifting at sea in the wake of the cyclone passing through the Torres Strait, north of mainland Queensland.
Northern Territory.
Officials closed schools throughout the region in advance of the storm on 24 April 2006 and advised people to evacuate. A 10 pm curfew was also put in place to keep people off the streets during the night. Local tours in the territory were postponed or cancelled due to the storm. Several flights in and out of Darwin were also cancelled, as was the Darwin Anzac Day march. Alcan, the world's second-largest aluminium producer, warned customers of potential interruptions to supplies on contracts from its Gove refinery. Rio Tinto's Ranger Uranium Mine ceased operations on 24 April 2006, "as a precautionary measure".
At one point, Monica was forecast to pass directly over Goulburn Island. In response, officials evacuated the island's 337 residents to shelters set up in Pine Creek. Numerous schools in the threatened region, especially in Darwin, were closed ahead of Monica's arrival. Several shelters were opened in Darwin early on 24 April in anticipation of an influx of evacuees. Stores throughout the area reported increased sales for storm supplies, with some reducing prices on specific items. The same day, the Darwin Returned and Services League of Australia cancelled all ANZAC Day services and marches in Darwin that were to be held the next day, to ensure the safety of prospective participants.
The Wessel Islands, located off the coast of the region, suffered significant damage from the storm. Mangrove trees were uprooted throughout the islands and sand dunes were destroyed. An outstation located on one of the islands was destroyed by the cyclone. The highest 24-hour rainfall from the storm was recorded near Darwin at . A storm total for the same area was recorded at , surpassing the rainfall record for the entire month of April set in 1953. Although the storm made landfall at peak intensity in Australia's Northern Territory, the impacted areas were sparsely populated. Around the region where Monica made landfall, evidence of a 5–6 m (16.4–19.6 ft) storm surge was present in Junction Bay. Along an area wide and long, countless trees were snapped or uprooted by the storm. Nearly 70% of the forested areas around the bay were destroyed or defoliated by the storms' 360 km/h (225 mph) wind gusts. An estimated 7,000 km2 (4,350 mi2) of trees were downed by the storm with large areas of trees being uprooted.
Power lines were felled by high winds in Maningrida, 12 homes sustained damage from fallen trees in Jabiru, and extensive damage was reported in Oenpelli. Roughly 1,000 people also lost phone service in the region. Several highways were blocked by fallen trees throughout the area. A resort in Jabiru sustained significant damage and was closed for two weeks following the storm. Insured damages to the national parks amounted to A$1.6 million (US$766,000). According to the Northern Territory Insurance Office, structural damage from Cyclone Monica amounted to A$5 million (US$4.4 million). The remnants of Monica produced significant rainfall over parts of the Northern Territory several days after the system weakened below cyclone status. Flash flooding was reported throughout the Adelaide River basin as up to of rain fell in a 24-hour span. On 26 April 2006, the remnants of Monica spawned a small tornado near Channel Point; several mangrove trees were snapped and branches were thrown to nearby beaches.
Aftermath.
The Queensland Government State Disaster Management Group dispatched relief helicopters to remote communities for evacuation of people in flood zones and transport of relief workers. Relief efforts were already underway in relation to Cyclone Larry which caused significant damage in Queensland. The Government of Australia assisted affected business by providing disaster loans up to A$25,000 for severely impacted areas and A$10,000 for less affected areas. Farmers were also provided with up to $200,000 in loans over a period of nine years. Following the impacts in the Northern Territory, two cleanup teams were dispatched from Darwin to assist in cleanup efforts in the hardest hit regions. In a study of the Arnhem forests which were devastated by the cyclone, environmentalists reported that it would take over 100 years for the forest to recover. The storm's winds snapped numerous trees, estimated to have been over 200 years old and more than 60 cm (23.6 in) in diameter. It is estimated that it would take several hundred years before trees of similar sizes would flourish in the region. Despite the minimal damage caused by Monica, the name was retired from the circulating lists of tropical cyclone names for the Australian Region.
Within weeks of the storm, the Alligator Rivers Region Advisory Committee began planting seedlings in deforested areas. By August 2006, a review of the growth of the new plants found that 81% to 88% of the seeds had survived and begun growing. To fully restore the South Alligator valley, environmentalists requested A$7.4 million (US$6.6 million) in funds. In a study at Magela Creek a year after the storm, it was determined that between 8% and 19% of the tree canopy lost due to the storm had begun to recover. Additional studies at the Gulungul Creek and the Alligator Rivers region revealed that suspended sediment values in flowing water had temporarily increased in the wake of Monica. The above-average values persisted for roughly a year before the streams returned to pre-cyclone sediment levels.

</doc>
<doc id="21510286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510286" title="Famessasso">
Famessasso

Famessasso is a village and the administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Yognogo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510298" title="Karangasso">
Karangasso

Karangasso is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Nafanga in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510306" title="Høybergodden">
Høybergodden

Høybergodden is the most western point of the volcanic island Jan Mayen.
The point is also the most western point of the Kingdom of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="21510314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510314" title="Leleni">
Leleni

Leleni is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Logouana in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510325" title="Oula">
Oula

Oula is a village and the administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Songo-Doubacoré in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 26 km northeast of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510326" title="Tyrosinemia type II">
Tyrosinemia type II

Tyrosinemia type II (Oculocutaneous tyrosinemia, Richner-Hanhart syndrome) is an autosomal recessive condition with onset between ages 2 and 4 years, when painful circumscribed calluses develop on the pressure points of the palm of the hand and sole of the foot.
Pathophysiology.
Type II tyrosinemia is caused by a deficiency of the enzyme tyrosine aminotransferase (), encoded by the gene "TAT". Tyrosine aminotransferase is the first in a series of five enzymes that converts tyrosine to smaller molecules, which are excreted by the kidneys or used in reactions that produce energy. This form of the disorder can affect the eyes, skin, and mental development. Symptoms often begin in early childhood and include excessive tearing, abnormal sensitivity to light (photophobia), eye pain and redness, and painful skin lesions on the palms and soles. About half of individuals with type II tyrosinemia are also mentally challenged. Type II tyrosinemia occurs in fewer than 1 in 250,000 individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="21510334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510334" title="Uwe Harttgen">
Uwe Harttgen

Uwe Harttgen (born 6 July 1964) is a retired German football player currently working as a youth team coordinator for SV Werder Bremen. He spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with SV Werder Bremen. After his career as an active player, he earned a PhD in psychology and became youth team coordinator for his club SV Werder Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="21510336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510336" title="Oakland riots">
Oakland riots

Oakland riots may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21510339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510339" title="Sirakélé">
Sirakélé

Sirakélé is a village and seat of the commune of Songoua in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 15 km north of Koutiala.
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Sirakélé on 17 February 1828 on his journey to Timbuktu. He was travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné. In his book "Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo" published in 1830, he refers to the village as Saraclé. Caillié wrote:
At eleven o'clock we stopped at Saraclé, a little walled village, having a very well supplied market. At the entrance of the village I observed a well: the soil in which it was dug, consisted of greyish earth, mixed with sand and gravel. The well was from fifteen to eighteen feet in depth, and the water it contained clear and pleasant to the taste. It had no enclosure, and near to it was a great hole, into which the negresses throw the water in which they wash their clothes. Although this water was very dirty, both men and women washed their faces in it every morning; and many persons belonging to our company followed their example.

</doc>
<doc id="21510349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510349" title="Kouwo">
Kouwo

Kouwo (also Kouô ) is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 67 km west of the town of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510352" title="Camp Liberty">
Camp Liberty

Camp Liberty is a former United States military installation in Baghdad, Iraq, now being used to house the members of the People's Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI, also called MEK) who previously resided in Camp Ashraf. Camp Liberty first came into existence during the 2003 invasion of Iraq as Camp Victory North, and was renamed (its Arabic translation is "Camp Al-Tahreer") in mid-September 2004 to its later name of Camp Liberty (in Arabic "Camp Hurriya"). Other camps that make up the Victory Base Complex include Camp Victory (formerly known as Camp Victory South), Camp Striker, Seitz, and Camp Slayer. The renaming was part of an effort to give U.S. facilities around Baghdad friendlier connotations, and an attempt to resolve the issue of constantly changing facility names.
During the Iraq War, following the 2003 Invasion of Iraq, the base was a large coalition military installation located northeast of the Baghdad International Airport (BIAP), becoming part of the U.S. military's Victory Base Complex (VBC). Camp Liberty was twice the size of Camp Bondsteel in Kosovo, and one of the largest U.S. overseas posts built since the Vietnam War.
Camp Liberty currently is used as a refugee camp for members of the People's Mujahedin of Iran. PMOI is a group which has been exiled from its native Iran since the Iranian Revolution, which the government of its host country of Iraq still considers to be a terrorist organization despite the fact that the USA removed it from the list of terrorist organizations, and which an Iranian organization opposed to it accuses to have killed over 25,000 Iraqis on behalf of Saddam Hussein.
History.
Camp Liberty killings.
On 11 May 2009, an American soldier, U.S. Army Sergeant John M. Russell, opened fire on his fellow service members within the camp at a counseling clinic center, killing five before being subdued and taken into custody.
People's Mujahedin of Iran.
Under strong pressure by the Iraqi government, whose declared will is to expel the People's Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI/MEK) from Iraq, but who was aided as well by the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) under the pretext to preserve their security, near all of the 3400 MEK residents of Camp Ashraf were more or less forcedly moved to Camp Liberty in 2012. This helped partly to convince the United States removing the MEK from its list of designated terrorist groups. 166 of the MEK members are wanted for committing acts of terrorism inside Iran and the Iranian government is seeking their extradition.
The Working Group on Arbitrary Detention of the UN Human Rights Council has categorized, in his Opinion of May 2012, the status of the MEK residents in Camp Liberty/Camp Hurriya as Arbitrary detention and called the Iraqi government for the "immediate release and lifting of all restraints upon the free movements of these persons". It reiterated and extended this vote in his Opinion of August 2012, additionally considering it "appropriate to refer the allegations concerning conditions in Camp Ashraf and Camp Liberty to the relevant human rights mechanisms for appropriate action".
2013 rocket attacks.
A rocket and mortar attack left at least eight dead and nearly 100 wounded occurred at Camp Hurriya on 9 February 2013. Iranian residents of Camp Liberty and their representatives and lawyers appealed to the UN Secretary-General and U.S. officials to let them return to Ashraf, which they say is 80 times larger than Liberty and has concrete buildings and shelters that offer more protection. They argue that this move is all the more imperative because according to the UN Refugee Agency and the US embassy in Baghdad, resettlement will take anywhere from three to 10 years. So, the residents would be at risk of further attacks and the move to Ashraf would not hinder their resettlement. The United States has been working with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) on the resettlement project.
On 29 April 2013, 20 explosions hit Camp Liberty/Camp Hurriya. Its residents accuse the Iraqi government of failing to offer adequate protection or medical care.
A deadly rocket attack occurred on 26 December 2013, killing four Iranian dissidents and wounding about seventy. This was the last of a total of four rocket attacks to Camp Liberty in 2013. The destructive power of 26 December attack was particularly high, as in addition to previously used rockets, missiles hit the camp with had about 10 times explosive power. Iraqi authorities have repeatedly denied involvement in attacks on the group. However, in a rare claim of responsibility for attacks on the MEK, Wathiq al-Batat, commander of the al-Mukhtar Army militia, admitted his group had fired rockets at the camp. This army is a relatively new Shi'ite militia, which has said it is supported and funded by Iran. Batat is a former leader of the more well-known Kata'ib Hezbollah militia.

</doc>
<doc id="21510353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510353" title="Sand Island Light">
Sand Island Light

Sand Island Light may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21510368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510368" title="Sougoumba">
Sougoumba

Sougoumba is a small town and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Koningué in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The town is about 40 km southeast of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510377" title="Mushie">
Mushie

Mushie is a town in, and a territory of Plateaux District, Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It lies at an altitude of 1118 ft (340 m), on the northern bank of the Kasai River, along the section where the Kasai is known as the Kwa River, approximately 10 miles west of the Kasais confluence with the Fimi River. Mushies population is roughly 33,000. Mushie was the birthplace of the celebrated Congolese musician Papa Wendo. The town is served by Mushie Airport. 

</doc>
<doc id="21510391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510391" title="Sanguela">
Sanguela

Sanguela is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Goudie Sougouna in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 57 km southeast of Koutiala. 

</doc>
<doc id="21510408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510408" title="Gary Cooper (rugby league)">
Gary Cooper (rugby league)

Gary 'Super Duper' Cooper is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, and coach, playing at representative level for Great Britain (non-Test matches), and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, and Wakefield Trinity, as at , or , i.e. number 1, or, 3 or 5, and coaching at club level for York.
Playing career.
International honours.
Gary Cooper was selected for Great Britain while at Featherstone Rovers for the 1962 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand.
Rugby Football League Championship Final Appearances.
Gary Cooper played in Wakefield Trinity’s 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966-67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967, and was man of the match winning the Harry Sunderland Trophy in the 17-10 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1967-68 Rugby Football League Championship final at Headingley Stadium on Saturday 4 May 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21510418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510418" title="Ziena">
Ziena

Ziena (or Ziéna) is a village and seat ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Fagui in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 45 km southwest of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510442" title="Baramba">
Baramba

Baramba is a village and administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Nampé in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 25 km north of Koutiala.
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Baramba on 18 February 1828 on his journey to Timbuktu. He was travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné. In his book "Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo" published in 1830, he refers to the village as Bamba. Caillié wrote:
After proceeding four miles we halted at the village of Bamba, which is shaded by boababs. At the market I observed that women wore glass rings in the nose; and some had these ornaments made of gold or copper. This village contains three to four hundred inhabitants.
The route of Caillié's caravan passed a few kilometers to the west of what is now the town of Koutiala. The town did not exist at the time: it was founded at the end of the 19th century by the French army after the conquest.

</doc>
<doc id="21510454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510454" title="Sexual (song)">
Sexual (song)

"Sexual" is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's a single and the fifth track from the album "Love, Peace & Money".
The song is narrated by a man, who tries to hit on a woman, warning her that his intentions are purely sexual, nothing romantic.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Hans Neleman and is officially unreleased. It features the band performing in a strip club and a beach; also clips of people with various sexual intentions and desires.

</doc>
<doc id="21510465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510465" title="Hans Böckler">
Hans Böckler

Hans Böckler (26 February 1875 – 16 February 1951) was a German politician and union leader.
Biography.
Böckler was born in Trautskirchen near Neustadt an der Aisch and grew up in a family with limited means. When his father died in 1888 he quit school and worked as an apprentice Goldbeater to support his family. In 1894 he joined the Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands and the Deutscher Metallarbeiter Verband.
From 1914 to 1915 he fought in World War I. He was badly injured and relieved from military service. He worked for the unions in Danzig, Kattowitz und Siegen until the end the war.
From 1924 to 1926 he was Stadtverordneter of the SPD in Cologne. In 1928 he was elected to the Reichstag where he remained until 1933. 
In 1945 he was instrumental in the reorganisation of the unions in the British Zone of Occupation. In April 1947 several unions joined to form the "Gewerkschaftsbund in der britischen Besatzungszone" and elected Böckler as the president. In 1949 he became the first president of the Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (DGB).
On January 25, 1951 Böckler signed an agreement about the Co-determination with German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer. 
He died of a heart attack in Düsseldorf. The Hans-Böckler-Stiftung is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="21510481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510481" title="Tiere">
Tiere

Tiere (or Tièrè) is a village and seat of the commune of Diouradougou Kafo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 80 km south of Koutiala.

</doc>
<doc id="21510483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510483" title="Lipid bilayer fusion">
Lipid bilayer fusion

In membrane biology, fusion is the process by which two initially distinct lipid bilayers merge their hydrophobic cores, resulting in one interconnected structure. If this fusion proceeds completely through both leaflets of both bilayers, an aqueous bridge is formed and the internal contents of the two structures can mix. Alternatively, if only one leaflet from each bilayer is involved in the fusion process, the bilayers are said to be hemifused. In hemifusion, the lipid constituents of the outer leaflet of the two bilayers can mix, but the inner leaflets remain distinct. The aqueous contents enclosed by each bilayer also remain separated.
Fusion is involved in many cellular processes, particularly in eukaryotes since the eukaryotic cell is extensively sub-divided by lipid bilayer membranes. Exocytosis, fertilization of an egg by sperm and transport of waste products to the lysozome are a few of the many eukaryotic processes that rely on some form of fusion. Fusion is also an important mechanism for transport of lipids from their site of synthesis to the membrane where they are needed. Even the entry of pathogens can be governed by fusion, as many bilayer-coated viruses have dedicated fusion proteins to gain entry into the host cell.
Lipid mechanism.
There are four fundamental steps in the fusion process, although each of these steps actually represents a complex sequence of events. First, the involved membranes must aggregate, approaching each other to within several nanometers. Second, the two bilayers must come into very close contact (within a few angstroms). To achieve this close contact, the two surfaces must become at least partially dehydrated, as the bound surface water normally present causes bilayers to strongly repel at this distance. Third, a destabilization must develop at one point between the two bilayers, inducing a highly localized rearrangement of the two bilayers. Finally, as this point defect grows, the components of the two bilayers mix and diffuse away from the site of contact. Depending on whether hemifusion or full fusion occurs, the internal contents of the membranes may mix at this point as well.
The exact mechanisms behind this complex sequence of events are still a matter of debate. To simplify the system and allow more definitive study, many experiments have been performed "in vitro" with synthetic lipid vesicles. These studies have shown that divalent cations play a critical role in the fusion process by binding to negatively charged lipids such as phosphatidylserine, phosphatidylglycerol and cardiolipin. One role on these ions in the fusion process is to shield the negative charge on the surface of the bilayer, diminishing electrostatic repulsion and allowing the membranes to approach each other. This is clearly not the only role, however, since there is an extensively documented difference in the ability of Mg2+ versus Ca2+ to induce fusion. Although Mg2+ will induce extensive aggregation it will not induce fusion, while Ca2+ induces both. It has been proposed that this discrepancy is due to a difference in extent of dehydration. Under this theory, calcium ions bind more strongly to charged lipids, but less strongly to water. The resulting displacement of calcium for water destabilizes the lipid-water interface and promotes intimate interbilayer contact. A recently proposed alternative hypothesis is that the binding of calcium induces a destabilizing lateral tension. Whatever the mechanism of calcium-induced fusion, the initial interaction is clearly electrostatic, since zwitterionic lipids are not susceptible to this effect.
In the fusion process, the lipid head group is not only involved in charge density, but can affect dehydration and defect nucleation. These effects are independent of the effects of ions. The presence of the uncharged headgroup phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) increases fusion when incorporated into a phosphatidylcholine bilayer. This phenomenon has been explained by some as a dehydration effect similar to the influence of calcium. The PE headgroup binds water less tightly than PC and therefore may allow close apposition more easily. An alternate explanation is that the physical rather than chemical nature of PE may help induce fusion. According to the stalk hypothesis of fusion, a highly curved bridge must form between the two bilayers for fusion to occur. Since PE has a small headgroup and readily forms inverted micelle phases it should, according to the stalk model, promote the formation of these stalks. Further evidence cited in favor of this theory is the fact that certain lipid mixtures have been shown to only support fusion when raised above the transition temperature of these inverted phases. This topic also remains controversial, and even if there is a curved structure present in the fusion process, there is debate in the literature over whether it is a cubic, hexagonal or more exotic extended phase.
Fusion proteins.
The situation is further complicated when considering fusion "in vivo" since biological fusion is almost always regulated by the action of membrane-associated proteins. The first of these proteins to be studied were the viral fusion proteins, which allow an enveloped virus to insert its genetic material into the host cell (enveloped viruses are those surrounded by a lipid bilayer; some others have only a protein coat). Broadly, there are two classes of viral fusion proteins: acidic and pH-independent. pH independent fusion proteins can function under neutral conditions and fuse with the plasma membrane, allowing viral entry into the cell. Viruses utilizing this scheme included HIV, measles and herpes. Acidic fusion proteins such as those found on influenza are only activated when in the low pH of acidic endosomes and must first be endocytosed to gain entry into the cell.
Eukaryotic cells use entirely different classes of fusion proteins, the best studied of which are the SNAREs. SNARE proteins are used to direct all vesicular intracellular trafficking. Despite years of study, much is still unknown about the function of this protein class. In fact, there is still an active debate regarding whether SNAREs are linked to early docking or participate later in the fusion process by facilitating hemifusion. Even once the role of SNAREs or other specific proteins is illuminated, a unified understanding of fusion proteins is unlikely as there is an enormous diversity of structure and function within these classes, and very few themes are conserved.
Fusion in laboratory practice.
In studies of molecular and cellular biology it is often desirable to artificially induce fusion. Although this can be accomplished with the addition of calcium as discussed earlier, this procedure is often not feasible because calcium regulates many other biochemical processes and its addition would be a strong confound. Also, as mentioned, calcium induces massive aggregation as well as fusion. The addition of polyethylene glycol (PEG) causes fusion without significant aggregation or biochemical disruption. This procedure is now used extensively, for example by fusing B-cells with myeloma cells. The resulting “hybridoma” from this combination expresses a desired antibody as determined by the B-cell involved, but is immortalized due to the myeloma component. The mechanism of PEG fusion has not been definitively identified, but some researchers believe that the PEG, by binding a large number of water molecules, effectively decreases the chemical activity of the water and thus dehydrates the lipid headgroups. Fusion can also be artificially induced through electroporation in a process known as electrofusion. It is believed that this phenomenon results from the energetically active edges formed during electroporation, which can act as the local defect point to nucleate stalk growth between two bilayers.
Assays to measure membrane fusion.
There are two levels of fusion: mixing of membrane lipids and mixing of contents. Assays of membrane fusion report either the mixing of membrane lipids or the mixing of the aqueous contents of the fused entities.
Assays for measuring lipid mixing.
Assays evaluating lipid mixing make use of concentration dependent effects such as nonradiative energy transfer, fluorescence quenching and pyrene eximer formation.
Assays for measuring content mixing.
Mixing of aqueous contents from vesicles as a result of lysis, fusion or physiological permeability can be detected fluorometrically using low molecular weight soluble tracers.

</doc>
<doc id="21510497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510497" title="International Bodyguard Association">
International Bodyguard Association

The International Bodyguard Association (I.B.A.) is an organization supposedly established by Lucien Ott in Paris in December 1957. The Association's primary objective is to train customers in bodyguard techniques. The IBA is run by James Shortt, also known as James Shortt of Castleshort, or The Baron Castleshort, who was accused 2009 by a British tabloid newspaper as passing himself off as a much-decorated SAS and Parachute Regiment veteran.

</doc>
<doc id="21510516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510516" title="Nils Schmäler">
Nils Schmäler

Nils Schmäler (born 10 November 1969 in Lüneburg) is a retired German football player. He spent 6 seasons in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart and Dynamo Dresden. His twin brother Olaf Schmäler also played professionally. As of 2008, he worked as a scout for Manchester United F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="21510538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510538" title="N'Tjila">
N'Tjila

N'Tjila is a village and seat of the commune of Wateni in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. It is 94 km west-northwest of Sikasso.

</doc>
<doc id="21510540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510540" title="Howard Drew">
Howard Drew

Howard Drew ("Howard Porter Drew;" June 28, 1890 – February 19, 1957) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lexington, Virginia.
In 1912 he qualified for the final of the 100 metres event. But he was unable to compete in the final as he had strained a muscle at the finish of his semi-final heat.
He also competed in the exhibition baseball tournament at the 1912 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21510550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510550" title="Viper Aircraft ViperJet">
Viper Aircraft ViperJet

__NOTOC__
The Viper Jet is a small homebuilt jet aircraft by Viper Aircraft Corporation. It is a conventional, low-wing monoplane with swept wings and tail and two seats in tandem under a bubble canopy. The jet intakes are located at the sides of the fuselage and the tricycle undercarriage is retractable. Construction throughout is of composite materials.
Development.
Originally conceived to use a piston engine driving a five- or six-blade pusher propeller, brothers Scott and Dan Hanchette commenced work on the prototype, then known as the ViperFan, in February 1996. However, concerns about the difficulty and cost associated with eliminating vibration from the drivetrain led the Hanchettes to choose turbojet propulsion instead, and they installed a Turbomeca Marboré engine in place of the Continental flat-6 they had originally envisaged as a powerplant. 
The Viperjet prototype flew late in October 1999. and made its public debut at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh in 2000. The Hanchette brothers, however, were unhappy with both the low power and the high fuel consumption of the Turbomeca engine, and soon swapped it for a General Electric T58 turboshaft engine with the power turbine removed, turning it into a turbojet. While this worked, it still did not produce as much thrust as the Hanchettes hoped for, and eventually, they selected the General Electric J85. With this engine producing around four times the thrust of the previous powerplants tested in the Viper, the Hanchettes substantially redesigned the aircraft, dubbing the J85-powered version the MKII. The prototype was dismantled and rebuilt, with parts of the canopy and fuselage center section all that remained of the original design. The slightly larger MKII also features a pressurized cabin, nearly three times the fuel tankage, stronger undercarriage, and optional tip tanks. The MKII prototype flew on 12 June 2005 and Viper Aircraft offered replacement MKII parts to all customers who had purchased kits of the original version, now dubbed the MKI.
In 2006, the base MKII kit cost US$182,000, but since builders can purchase additional components already pre-made by Viper Aircraft, customers spent an average of $350,000 on their kits. They would then have to spend approximately another $300,000 and around 3,000 to 3,500 hours to complete the aircraft. The company also offers customers a builder assistance program to help them assemble the major airframe components and a training program to help them learn to fly their ViperJet once it is complete. Zero Gravity Builders provides builder assistance for the ViperJet MKII, ViperJet LXR and Viper FanJet. Viper Aircraft had sold 21 kits by September 2006.
In 2008, Viper Aircraft announced an enlarged, turbofan-powered follow-on design as the Viper Aircraft FanJet. The company has also proposed a military trainer version of the ViperJet, as well as a UAV version.
Operational history.
By October 2012 five examples had been registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="21510556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510556" title="Kafana, Mali">
Kafana, Mali

Kafana is a small town and seat of the commune of Kofan in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510564" title="Sommelier Journal">
Sommelier Journal

Sommelier Journal is a subscription-based magazine publication, founded in 2008 for sommeliers and others in the restaurant and wine business. The magazine summarizes consumer, restaurant, and wine trends and news for wine professionals.
History.
"Sommelier Journal" was first published in April 2008. Its editor is David Vogels. The magazine has seven contributing editors: Shayn Bjornholm, Beverley Blanning, Randy Caparoso, Catherine Fallis, David Furer, Joyce Goldstein and Jim Meehan. It also has ten members on its Editorial Advisory Board: Robert Bath, Jesse Becker, Gilles de Chambure, Fred Dexheimer, Christie Dufault, Tim Gaiser, David Glancy, Bobby Stuckey, Alder Yarrow, and Brett Zimmerman.
Philosophy.
According to an interview with wine writer Tom Wark, Vogels' family has operated and published a professional journal for orthodontists for more than 40 years. While fostering a growing interest in wine, he conducted market research and determined there was no publication targeted at the niche of wine professionals, which he described as "almost empty" prior to the debut of the magazine.
The magazine's self-described mission is to offer wine knowledge, best business practices, and service advice to professionals. Vogels says he makes an effort to be educated about wines to cater to the audience. The "San Francisco Chronicle" describes the magazine as “informative without being preachy."
The publication is unique among wine magazines in that it does not issue numerical scores. For the most part, tasting notes without scores are included instead, including "Hot Picks" from the magazine's Editorial Board. The only place "Sommelier Journal" does use numbers is in its "Tasting Panels", which uses a statistical plot of the opinions of a panel of tasters. The tasters’ opinions are summarized in a box plot graph.

</doc>
<doc id="21510565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510565" title="Ternopil Castle">
Ternopil Castle

The Ternopil Castle (, ) is a stronghold which gave birth to the city of Ternopil. It was built in the 16th century to protect southern border of the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The castle originated as the residence of a Polish nobleman Jan Amor Tarnowski in 1540. Construction works (1540-1548) on the marshy bank of the Seret River were authorized by King Sigismund the Old. The castle (round which the modern town has developed) was encircled by a wooden fence and a deep moat. The latter was connected in 1548 to the castle pond (see Ternopil Pond).
History.
Construction.
King Sigismund granted land ownership and rights erecting the castle to dubded Polish Crown Hetman, Jan Tarnowski. Concurrently in the valley of Seret river a levee and dam with a bridge crossing were constructed, resulting in the stream pooling, thus filling a new lake. 
Out from the north the castle and the city was protected by river Rudka harboring a boggy holm, while on the southern side would be Bavorovsky pond vanished in a later time. Narrow dry strip of land factually being a moat banked by a mound with inside masonry reinforcement oak stockade would set the castle ground apart. Rectangular-shaped towers housing embrasures stood tall on the outer fringes. The entrance was permitted from the east via stone gatehouse secured with a chain hoist drawbridge. 
Principal castle building represented by residential palace due to natural fortress placing possessed varied floor levels: besides three main floors visible from the city outskirts, two underground levels being revealed out of a lake steep bank altogether with the two rows of embrasures. 
First record in Ternopil' annals entered on April 15, 1540 was related to the king's assent given to Krakow nobleman, Jan Tarnowski regarding constructing castle over Seret river. This fortification had to seal nomad advancement through wide plains from Terebovlya (then known as Trembowla) to Busk, where there was none of any significant fastness. In the same time natural environment terrain would permit security provisions for a given locale. 
Castle construction lasted for 8 years and completed in 1548. Perquisites of 1566 mention Ternopil' fortress and its founder. Due to significant losses sustained on construction project, city was relieved of much of the taxation burden. Consequently castle was reinforced and upgraded by Tarnowski's son, Krzysztof. Sizable expense was credited towards enlargement and improvement by Tomasz Zamoyski, who received the city as his wife's dowry, daughter of renowned Ruthenian maecenas and statesman, Konstanty Ostrogski.
In the early 17th century, Ternopil, known then as Tarnopol, passed through inheritance in the female line to Tomasz Zamoyski who commissioned extensive renovations. It was besieged by the Turks in 1544, 1575, 1589 and 1672. The Ottoman army under Şişman İbrahim Paşa reduced the castle to ruins in 1675. Count Korytowski revived it in the 1840s as his summer residence; he also had its towers, walls and other fortifications dismantled.
Tatar invasion.
In the course of its history Ternopil' Castle was a subject of frequent attacks and destruction.
No sooner development projects began, as Tatars attempted inroads on the city. Owing to the town home guard spearheaded by Bernard Pretwicz, Jan Gerburt, and Prokyp Sieniawski, the horde was held back till knights forces arrived out from the vicinity of Sandomierz. The castle sustained significant damage in 1575, 1589, and 1672. In 1675 Şişman İbrahim Paşa broke a camp next to Ternopil and besieged the city. 
As Tatars and Turks committed assaults, town dwellers sought refuge in the castle cellars accommodated to withstand prolonged confrontation. Network of underground passageways connected bulwark with Nadstavna, Serrednya to Monastirska churches, Dominikan, and Jesuit cathedral, synagogues. Underground networks event possible from under the lake to Zagrebelia.
In 1621 Tomasz Zamoyski, the castle owner, completed restoration and entertained prince Władysław IV Vasa. Knowledge about the castle, town, and the vicinity became available from the journal of German explorer and traveler, Ulrich von Werdum, who used to traverse Ternopil' country side between July 1671 and January 1672. In 1675 Turks burned the outpost, destroyed fortifications, blew up both towers that have never been rebuild anew. The castle was reconstructed at the end of the 17th century and the beginning of the 18th.
19th century.
In 1810 Russians accommodated the castle to a "dance casino", where Mayor Tails would arrange societarian receptions. At the beginning of the 19th century, Count Korytowski rebuilt the structure into a palace having demolished defense bulwarks, towers, and gates while raising masonry walls instead. On the southern perimeter three story New Castle was constructed, new Gate House erected incorporating narrow wicket-gate and two masonry pylons. In 1843 last owner of Ternopil' City, Turkul, sold the castle to town community that in turn committed transfer to Austrian army having utilized it for barracks.
20th century.
Russian army retreating from the city on July 21, 1917 burned the Old castle. On April 15, 1931 building restored anew, then religious blessing ceremony was held. It was occupied by Officer Cadet Reserve school and Science Committee of Baborovski that secured valuable collection of manuscripts and documents. During the Second World War fort-post was last defense foothold of German army destroyed by the Red Army. Ruins of a new castle were cleaned out and on its place hotel "Ternopil'" built.
Restoration.
The old castle was rebuilt on 1956 and then utilized for sporting events compound of regional sports establishment. In 1969 Greco-Roman School of wrestling had its base there. From original castle only ground work retained in the form of foundation with its walls thickness of 2, 5-4, and 5 meters. All the structures as a consequence of many reconstructions exhibit completely transformed architectural view and interior.

</doc>
<doc id="21510572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510572" title="Ray Owen">
Ray Owen

Raymond "Ray" Owen was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, and chairman of the 1980s, playing at club level for Widnes, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 7, and was chairman for Widnes.
Playing career.
Rugby Football League Championship Final Appearances.
Ray Owen played , scored a try, and was man of the match winning the Harry Sunderland Trophy, in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966-67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967, and scored two tries in Wakefield Trinity's 17-10 victory over Hull in the 1967-68 Rugby Football League Championship final at Headingley Stadium on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Ray Owen played , in Widnes' 13-5 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1964-65 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 9 May 1964, and in Wakefield Trinity's 10-11 defeat by Leeds in the 1967-68 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1968.
Rugby league career.
Ray Owen was chairman of Widnes during the glory years of the 1980s and was still involved, as chairman of the Past Players Association, up to his death.
Genealogical information.
Ray Owen was the son of the rugby league footballer Harry Owen, and the brother of the rugby league footballer Harry Owen, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="21510590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510590" title="Zibangolola">
Zibangolola

Zibangolola is a village and seat of the commune of Tiankadi in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510604" title="Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring or rent costs">
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring or rent costs

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and rent (or restructuring) costs (EBITDAR) is a non-GAAP metric that can be used to evaluate a company's financial performance.
EBITDAR can be of use when comparing two companies in the same industry with different structure of their assets. For example, consider two nursing home companies: one company rents its nursing homes and the other owns its homes and thus does not pay rent but instead has to make capital expenditures that are not necessarily of the same order of magnitude as the depreciation. By looking at EBITDAR, one can compare the efficiency of the companies' operations, without regard to the structure of their assets.
Some companies use an EBITDAR where "R" indicates "restructuring costs". While this analysis of profits before restructuring costs is also helpful, such a metric should better be termed 'adjusted EBITDA'.
Related to EBITDAR is "EBITDAL", "rent costs" being replaced by "lease costs"

</doc>
<doc id="21510609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510609" title="N'Kourala">
N'Kourala

N'Kourala is a village and seat of the commune of Kapolondougou in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 50 km west of Sikasso on the main road, the RN7, linking Sikasso and Bougouni.

</doc>
<doc id="21510613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510613" title="Veritas (manhwa)">
Veritas (manhwa)

Plot.
Gangryong Ma was the boss of his middle school, getting in fistfights almost every day. He thought that winning those fistfights was what it meant to be strong. That all ended when he met Lightning Tiger, a man whose power dwarfed that of any man Gangryong had ever met before. After arguing, begging, and jumping through hoops for a year to prove his loyalty, Gangryong convinced Lightning Tiger to be his master. 
For two months, Lightning Tiger taught Gangryong the secret of ki manipulation by way of the Enlightenment Of Thunder and Lightning (EOTL), a traditional Korean martial art passed on through the centuries to one student at a time. By properly refining and focusing his Ki, Gangryong learned not only to increase his overall physical strength, but he gained the ability to create devastatingly powerful lightning attacks. When the two months were up, Lightning Tiger left Gangryong, warning him of an inevitable battle against a strong enemy and hoping that they might one day see each other.
Months later, Gangryong was approached by an ominous group of men. He was presented with a box, and was told that it contained the arm of Lightning Tiger, whom they had supposedly killed. These men were from Reunion, a multinational organization whose main goals were the collection, evolution and eventual perfection of traditional martial arts and the creation of artificial ki, or natural energy, which could be used to make people more powerful. They forced Gangryong to enter a special school designed to train suitable fighters in the fighting styles that had been collected and created by Reunion. 
Now, within Reunion, Gangryong finds himself a flash-point for controversy. As student of a sworn enemy of Reunion, there are many who want him dead. As the sole practitioner of EOTL, there are many who desire to see his success, so that they may use his techniques. All the while, Gangryong must work to uncover the secrets in the training he was given, so that he may achieve the power he seeks, and finally avenge the presumed deceased Lightning Tiger.
Characters.
Ma Gangryong (마강룡).
Eighteen year old Ma Gangryong is the main protagonist of the series and the last practitioner of the Enlightenment Of Thunder and Lightning (EOTL). Though he is portrayed as fairly unintelligent, he shows an aptitude for battle and street smarts that seem well-suited to his underdog status at the Reunion school. Gangryong even showed prowess in defeating a level 8 student of Reunion with both arms and one leg broken. However, he is mouthy and disrespectful and has a penchant for making enemies. He often has flashbacks of Lightning Tiger's teachings which slowly reveal key components and techniques of EOTL. Gangryong says he's dreamed of being strong since the day that he was born and can't help but want to fight opponents stronger than himself until he defeats them. Often mocks his opponents about their different ideals using or fighting for others to gain strength is pathetic. He has a little sister.
Gangryong's physical fighting style is brutal, often referred to by himself as "dog fighting" and he is only capable of close ranged EOTL techniques as of the current chapter. Although powerful, since he started his martial arts training later than most, his Ki channels are very unrefined and he has only a limited amount of Ki. However, his Ki itself is highly purified which allows for powerful, explosive techniques such as Lightning Fist or Lightning Flash. Eager to perfect EOTL, he tends to pick fights with people that are stronger than he is due to his belief that his techniques perform better in real-life situations. Gangryong is knowledgeable in fighting, and at Rud's request, he is currently aiming for one of Reunion's student council seats. As of chapter 72 Honse has stated that Gangryong has reached level 9 strength. He is last seen fighting with Vera in front of the ruins of the school after absorbing a fair amount of Lightning Tiger's Ki from Yuri.
It is revealed by his conversations with Guhoo that he has a little sister and being orphaned since he was little . Gang-ryong and his sister live with their many relatives until he moved to academy. He stated that he want to become strong since he is born, not to protect someone.
Techniques:
Yoochun / Lightning Tiger (유천).
Gangryong's martial arts master, who taught him EOTL. As a master of one of the Heavenly Five Paths and a traditional martial artist, Yoochun opposed Reunion goals, and became their greatest enemy, leaving a lasting impression that still affects Gangryong's life at the school. Lightning Tiger fought vehemently against Reunion because Yuri Linus sought to attain near god-like status through the use of artificial Ki and a ritual involving the power of the Heavenly Five Paths. However, he along with Liquid Shark and several comrades prevented the ritual from occurring. Director Fire Dragon explains that in the ensuing battle, Yoochun used an attack which, at the cost of his own arm, put Yuri into a comatose state of constant electrocution. Lightning Tiger's arm is charred to the bone due to the strength of his own attack and it is given to Gangryong by the second Earth Beast. Lightning Tiger is presumed deceased. He is considered to be one of the two strongest fighters seen so far, the other being Yuri Linus.
Techniques:
Reunion Student Council.
The student council at the Reunion school holds strong influence over student life. Its members are determined almost exclusively by their power.
Vera Linus (베라 라이너스).
The student council president. An outwardly cold girl, she is the most powerful student at the school. Vera is the younger sister of Yuri, the head of Reunion. Although seemingly apathetic, Vera strongly believes in the fairness of martial arts competition within Reunion, even to the point of refusing artificial Ki since she believes it to be unfair to the general student body. However, Vera is outwardly biased towards Gangryong's attendance to the school due to his status as Lightning Tiger's apprentice. Her initial impression of Gangryong is that he is useless and was merely used to preserve the existence of EOTL. Vera thus removes his access to Reunion martial arts materials and stops production of for Gangryong.
Events later would reveal that most likely Vera's true reason for refusing artificial Ki was in adherence to the "one-man inherits all" doctrine, necessary for maintaining her eligibility for leadership of the Heaven's Riches faction. Her refusal to allow Gangryong artificial Ki might have been inspired by this in part, as it made him the legitimate successor.
In the past, Vera and several other students fought against Lightning Tiger to protect the school from his attacks. In one instance, Vera wounded Lightning Tiger with a Spatial Void Fist. In turn, Lightning Tiger subdued her with his own attack, Heaven's Void Lightning Brand. Lightning Tiger approached Vera and had originally intended to destroy her center of Ki. However, upon reaching Vera he noted a severe "seal" placed upon her lower abdomen by Yuri, and he realized Yuri feared Vera as well, most likely over rights of leadership over the Heaven's Riches Faction. Instead of ruining her Ki, Lightning Tiger painfully removed the seal from Vera, although simultaneously causing her inner Ki loss. He hoped Vera would fight against Yuri's goals and perhaps even take leadership of the Heaven's Riches faction instead.
Though he was her enemy, Vera is seen reminiscing about Lightning Tiger almost as a former lover. This may be because he broke the seal on her abdomen, leading to Vera possibly having feelings for him. Her goal as it has been hinted throughout the series is to become the next successor to the art of Heaven's Riches in place of her sister, Yuri. It is also hinted that she is the daughter of the President of the Linus group (Arthur Linus), as well as being only related to Yuri by their mother, making them half-sisters. She is the one that informed Lightning Tiger where the Ceremony of Deification that aimed to give Yuri godlike status was being held. 
Techniques:
Yun Shinra (윤신라).
Vera's second-in-command. She is fond of making very offensive comments whilst keeping an innocent, straight face. She appears to have some history with Jeeha, and also was in a relationship with Guhoo. Her powers have yet to be revealed in full. She also has good knowledge of Heaven's Riches class, being able to identify how Gangryong's Ki was killing him. She has been sentenced to over two months of isolation training with Guhoo. Shinra may also be supporting Director Fire Dragon as his pupil from behind Vera's back without the latter's knowing knowledge or having any clue and being completely oblivious of this situation at all. She has an extreme dislike for Gangryong because he met Lightning Tiger by chance and reached level 9 in less than a year, while it took her and the other members of the student council far longer to achieve that. She and Guhoo fight Gangryong, who injures her by punching her in the stomach. She has a sick father whose medical bills are quite expensive. 
During the student body genocide by Vera, Shinra is with Fire Dragon when he takes Yuri Linus's comatose body from the vaults and helps him project her. She is also witness to Rud Han's suicide.
Li Guhoo (리거후).
Another student allied with Vera in the school. Guhoo uses the Iron Spirit technique that was created by Reunion. It allows him to harden his skin to incredible levels, and eventually makes him impervious to pain. He uses very few actual fighting moves. He is in a relationship with Shinra, and has a history of conflict with Rud which led to the recent fight and him getting his arm cut off. He has been sentenced to 4 months of isolation training for fighting Rud after his arm was reattached. He has since been released and was about to fight Gangryong until they were interrupted. He and Shinra fight Gangryong later and Guhoo is knocked out by his Lightning Flash. He has seven siblings he has to take care of. During the genocide of the student body by Vera, he tells her that she was more important to him than Shinra and said he always believed in her leadership, but sadly Vera kills him without hesitation.
Techniques:
Rud Han (루드 한).
A member of the council who is opposed to Vera and the Second Dragon of the Nine Dragons Faction. Rud was a very frail child with little potential for fighting. His life was once saved by a girl named Anachelli, who taught him basic martial arts techniques and arranges for his arrival at the school. She also provides him with information on the Feline Claws fighting style, which he pursues despite its inherent weakness. He develops a strong grudge against Guhoo after he kills Anachelli in battle, and uses this motivation to rise to the top of the school. He and Jeeha have taken Gangryong under their wing, as they are also traditional successors. They seem to have a plan for revenge against Vera and her friends. After Guesong's death he challenges Vera to a match next year. To aid him, Fire Dragon has secretly given Rud all of Reunion's information on the techniques of EOTL and Lightning Tiger's hidden notes in an effort to perfect Gangryong's abilities, plus a lot of information on the other students of the council styles and techniques. In volume 9 he, alongside Shin, attacks Fire Dragon, when the latter is harming Hayato and Madoka. In volume 10 Rud makes a deal with Vera that if he commits suicide she won't kill his friends, due to Vera seeing him as a potential threat rivaling Anachelli, if not even more threatening, if he was to be left alone. He agrees and kills himself to defend them.
He is orphan and found stranded in a shore in California by Anachelli. Anachelli gave him Feline claws in order to help him survive from his illness and because she cannot teach him Southern Taek-gyung. He sees Anachelli as sister figure.
Techniques:
Shin Jeeha (신지하).
Rud's friend, who is also a traditional successor and the Third Dragon of the Nine Dragons Faction. He likes to antagonize Shinra by expressing his undying affection for her, and referencing a relationship they used to have. His martial arts style has not yet been shown. It has been stated that if Rud didn't help him in the past, Shinra would have stolen his art. Understanding bodily principles is his specialty. He is shown in volume 9 to have an enormous speed that allows him to run on the walls, and several powerful spinning kicks attacks. It was stated in a flashback in chapter 38, Jeeha had apparently been badly injured due to all three of his matches had each been fought with a member from the student council (the ones that had lost in the tournament at that time in the flashback were Shinra, Paul, Modaka, Guesong, Yuhwa, and Hayato), however he had won all three matches so it is safe to assume that Shin is very powerful to accomplish such a feat. In fact in what commented that Shin had destroyed the order of how the council had planned for to win in the tournament further indicating his prowess to be very high. 
In volume 9 when Jeeha becomes irritated at what seems to be spirits are seen behind him, another comment which gives an idea of Jeeha's art is that Honse mentions that he has learned Heaven's Riches core principle. In chapter 66 it is revealed that Shin learned Heavenly Five paths art techniques from Fire Dragon along with Shinra and two unnamed others, however none of them were 
able to progress to mastering the art.
Jeeha also fights utilizing the Exorcism faction spirit contract Techniques:
Spirits that can be summoned include:
Makihara Madoka / Eunmee Han (한은미).
A 19 year-old member of council who also worked as Reunion's tracker for Lightning Tiger. She seems to be the middle ground amongst the two sides of the council, as she works for Vera and yet maintains a friendly relationship with Rud's group. She is the one who scouted Gangryong during her hunt for Lightning Tiger. She claims to be part of the council for their special privileges and is ranked amongst its Top 5. Her desire is for things to go back to the way they were before the division of the factions, for the students to stay united, which requires Vera. Madoka has a grudge against Guesong, whom she badly injured and almost killed because of his past attempted assault on Vera. This had him sent to a year of isolation training. She admitted she likes Gangryong, shocking even him. She fought Guesong once again to prevent the Traditional faction from gaining 6 of the 11 seats and had the upper hand until Guesong used 'Mirage' ending with her losing the match and nearly getting killed until Vera interfered. In a drunken depression she went to Gangryong's room to drink with him, but when he announced he was aiming for a seat she attempted to throw him and he in-turn electrocuted her. She later leaves his room resolving to end the battle. Near the end of volume 10 Madoka is killed by Vera believing that by not resisting her death will turn Vera's heart, during this Madoka smiles and cries as she looks into Vera's eyes, who in turn starts also crying and says she won't forget her eyes right before killing Madoka.
Originally a traditionalist, her current martial arts style is a form of Judo created by Reunion called Flowing Spirit, which incorporates the element of wind. She also has the skills of Life-Stealer of Snatching-Hands and has once successfully countered Half-Step.
Techniques:
Chun Guesong (천괴성).
Member for 15 years and head disciple of the Southern Yardplay Faction, and the Fifth Dragon and eldest of the Nine Dragons. He has an almost fanatical obsession with Vera, at one point leading him to betray his allegiance to the traditional successors at the Reunion school. It was his idea to threaten and attack Honse, leading to the closing of his ki passages. His violent reaction to Vera's rejection led to a longstanding feud with Madoka and deciding to keep whatever Vera holds dear away from her, since only then would she look at him. His reason for falling for her was to make her smile since ever since she was child she never did. He defeats Madoka in chapter 45 but is killed when Vera interfered in her place - using Vacuum Strike, and finally getting his desired kiss. His fighting style is largely based on acrobatics and circus-style performance, and his face is never shown without a traditional Korean mask of "The Fool" from the Hahoe style of theater. His specialties are the six yard techniques Poongmul, Bunha, Lifewish, Illusion, Overgrab and Trap.
It is revealed that not only did Guesong know of Vera's planned genocide of the Reunion students, but that he tasked Hyunmi with escaping with the other members of the Southern Yardplay Faction. The latter task resulted in Life Wisher's escape and promotion to Topper of the faction.
Techniques:
Paul (폴).
One of the top five students in the student council. His outline was shown in a flashback. He appears to be a fairly tall man, with long brown hair (now short). His need for an eye-patch stems from losing his eye during a fight with Vera, who exploded it using her technique. He is close friends with Makihara Madoka and very close with director Fire Dragon, after the Director's "generous" large bribes. Vera says that he cares more about money then anything else, considering she had to force a deal with Paul to get him to cooperate with her. He was attempting to kill Mu Young and Yuhwa while Mu Young was still in a weak condition from intensive training, but Mu Young subsequently attacks him and leaves him in a critical condition. In chapter 71, after 4 months of being in the hospital, he returns to the school. He finally meets Gangryong, and introduces himself as the last of the Nine Dragons. In volume 10 he is also killed by Vera along the with the student body by the elders request.
Hayato Kusanagi (하야토).
A male student with short blond hair. He helped Guesong defeat Honse and later confirmed that Honse's ki channels were irreparably damaged. Hayato was apparently the person who stopped Guesong, which indicates that he is a powerful and strong martial artist in order to defeat someone of Guesong's caliber. Though we later find out that Hayato never really stopped Guesong so his level is still unknown but should be in the general ball park of Guesong and Madoka. The art he uses is Reunion's restored form of Northern Broad Strike, which is said to be one of the two strongest arts in Reunion and said to rival Heaven's Riches. His past as it was revealed, is that the Northern Broad Strike that he had learned from Reunion had been incomplete as the art was said to have died out long ago. The scientists that had worked on reviving the art had even given up, Hayato, however still proceeded in trying to revive Northern Broad Strike. He is later seen after Yoochun had defeated him along with the entire student council including Vera. He had unfortunately discovered that Yoochun had learned the "true" Northern Broad Strike and lashed out at Yoochun in rage, only to be defeated once again.
Hayato became a traditionalist and joined the nine dragons after Yoochun revealed the location of the successor to Northern Board Strike; since then he practices the original art, and helped Gu Honse by claiming to have checked the destruction of his Ki channels. In volume 8 he is seen fighting Gangryong, where he wins the fight after a great display of power, blocking Gangryong's attacks with relative ease up until Gangryong had used Hayato's Ki Reversal to amplify his own ki to increase the power of Lighting Flash. This forced Hayato to take the fight seriously and tried to dodge and reverse Gangryong's Light Flash however had trouble in doing so forced him to use his full power and thus ended their fight. It is revealed that he is possibly the 2nd or 3rd strongest in the school right now, this pleased Gangryong and said that Hayato should wait for him. This indicates that Gangryong is going to challenge him again later on as he gets stronger. In volume 9 he, alongside Madoka, Rud, Shin, Yuhwa and Gangryong fights against Fire Dragon. Later on his master dies after escaping from reunion and seen at his grave during the end of part 1.
Techniques:
Yuhwa (유화).
A female student who also helped Guesong defeat Honse. She has long, black hair, and wear unusual knee socks with black and white stripes. Her Yardplay art is the "Puppeteer" allowing her to control other people like puppets through invisible threads, even though this technique has the same name as the art of another female character of yardplay faction, they are completely different. She assisted Mu Young with his intensive training in subterranean conditions beneath underground with medical assistance, bandaging and care. However both were unknowingly being targeted by Paul who had been largely bribed by Director Fire Dragon, to prevent them from returning to the school for the last test for the seat in the Student Council and assisting and supporting Vera with reaching her goal. She was extremely angry with Mu Young, when he injures Paul critically, and threaten Mu Young with removing the power she helped him acquire, if he doesn't behave. Later she is seen apparently helping Kombengi against a black dummy, and fighting Fire Dragon alongside other students. She returns with Mu Young to the school, but is shocked upon finding it burned down.
Mu Young (무영).
A male student who, until recently, was undergoing intensive training underground in the forest with medical assistance and bandaging from Yuhwa. He and Yunhwa are later targeted by Paul, who has been bribed by Director Fire Dragon, to prevent them from returning to the school for the last test for the seat in the Student Council and assisting and supporting Vera with reaching her goal. He attacks Paul and leaves him near death, and has referred to himself as the first "living dummy" of Yunhwa's family. He seems to hate the traditionalists of the council, especially Rud. Mu Young also seems to have no regard for his own life, as he strives for power even when it means death. His life span was shortened due to a previous incident, and he is currently trying to learn Anachelli Yu's "Natural Wave" Technique, which will also shorten his life again. At the end of part 1 he has apparently finished his training and returns with Yuhwa to the school, but is shocked upon finding it burned down.
Other Reunion School students.
Gu Honse (구 혼세).
Leader of the Nine Dragons Faction. Gangryong was put in the care of Gu Honse by friends Rud and Jeeha. On the surface, he is as a cowardly man who doesn't like getting mixed up with Gangryong's messes. However, beneath his foolish persona, he is very dangerous. He was, at one point, the third-strongest student at the school. In addition, he is a shrewd tactician who developed many techniques, some of which were specifically designed to counter the fighting style of Reunion such as "Half-step", he also helped Rud learn "Sharpened Sword force". Honse feigned destroying his own ki channels so that Guesong and the other members of the student council would spare his life and allow him to stay at Reunion until graduation, saying he had nowhere else to go, since he was an orphan. When Guesong was killed he sobbed and grieved. He shows a great aptitude to understand techniques and the principles behind them, at one point when Gangryong tried to use Lightning Flash, Honse stated "Tell me how it works and I'll make it so you can use it without risk", Gangryong refused because he is not willing to share the secrets of EOTL with anyone, but both Shin and Rud show great confidence in Gu Honse skill's with techniques.
It's is shown on chapter 76 that he can still use his powers.
Madang Bigaki (마당 비각기).
A member of the Nine Dragons with black hair, he is a level 8 in Reunion and a traditional martial artist of the Southern Yardplay Faction. He fought Gangryong as part of the Nine Dragons' initiation test and defeated him as his last opponent. He uses palm wind attacks as a secondary skill but his primary skills are kicks and dashes and his specialty is "Life Wish". In Volume 10, it is revealed that Hyunmi arranged for Madang to be taken and hidden from Reunion before Vera's genocide of the student body; he is also made the next Topper by the Southern Yardplay Faction. He is shown camped out in an unknown location holding Guesong's mask at the end of part 1.
Techniques:
Madang's 2nd friend.
A level 7 who has a middle-divide hair-cut and black hair who came with Madang to fight Gangryong. He fought Gangryong as part of the Nine Dragons initiation test before Madang and was defeated. Initially during the fight, he use very similar kicking techniques to Madang's.
Techniques:
Madang's 1st friend.
A tall person with a crew-cut of level 6 who was the first to fight Gangryong as part of the Nine Dragons' initiation test. His style is similar to boxing.
Eunhwa Lee (이은화).
The ex-girlfriend of Do-Hyup Bae. She used him for his family's secrets in order to gain more power. She helps Do-Hyup defeat Gangryong, and then defeats Du-Hyup in a formal battle. She uses palm combat styles developed by Reunion, as well as being able to use shadows to bind opponents. Though she has a high power level, she is a poor fighter who lacks toughness, and is defeated by Gangryong.
Do-Hyup Bae (배도협).
The former boyfriend of Eunhwa. A lazy man who gets tricked into revealing his family secrets to Eunhwa, who then uses them to gain more power. He first fights Gangryong, who he can't defeat on his own, and then he challenges Eunhwa in order to take revenge for her betrayal. He is the successor to his family's traditional martial art, but he is too lazy to master it properly, and he institutes some of Reunion's skills, making it less effective. After his defeat, he gives Gangryong all of his family's secrets and leaves the school.
Anachelli Yu (아나첼리 유).
A friend of Rud, who found him dying on a beach and introduced him to traditional martial arts in order to save his life. She was a legitimate successor who entered reunion after the suspicious death of her grandfather. She was powerful enough to be considered a potential rival of Vera, but was killed in a match with Guhoo. Her death was the catalyst for the conflict between Rud and Guhoo.
Later in Guhoo's flashback it was revealed that Yuri was the reason why Anachelli lost her match, by secretly interrupting the match using her ranged technique without anyone noticing, implying that Guhoo could not have possibly won without Yuri's assistance.
Her Traditional art was "Southern Taek-Gyun" one of the two strongest physical martial arts allowing her to fight Vera to a tie long before her death. Her specialty was 'Natural Wave', a defensive technique that allows one to read the flow of attack and to disperse any energy one cannot handle. However the technique shortens the users lifespan if used without the proper breathing technique.
Hyunmi Park / Kombengi (박현미).
Southern Yardplay's second-in-command, her name is Park Hyunmi, she is the successor for Chun Guesong's Southern Yard faction Leader, the Topper. She has short blonde hair with earrings on both ears. First shown appearing in chapter 40 wearing a small scarf under an unzipped motorbike suit so Guesong could pass on Southern Yardplay's seventh technique "Shadower's Magic Techniques". She fights a special kind of dummy (who has the nervous system and techniques of Chun Guesong) in volume 9 and is almost killed by it, but gains the upper hand in the end. In volume 10 just like the rest of the student body are killed by Vera by the Elder's request.
Techniques:
Reunion members.
Lee Jinyup / Fire Dragon (이진엽/화룡).
The director of the school, and the Heavenly Five Paths master of fire. He was an old friend of Lightning Tiger's, as he was the one who reassembled the pieces of his arm. They split when Fire Dragon chose to side with Yuri in her quest to become a god. He could be the one who killed Lightning Tiger, as the bones of the arm were charred. He recently tried to attack Vera and Earth Beast. It is revealed in volume 8 that the person that killed Lighting Tiger, was Yuri Linus. 
In volume 9 Fire Dragon attacks Madoka and Hayato, after they protest of the training (lethal) given to Kombengi; Rud and Shin interfere and attack Fire Dragon, they are helped latter by Yuhwa, but still are no match, Gangryong appears and also attacks Fire Dragon (The only one of the fighters to land a hit on him), after Gangryong dispels a fire vortex and Vera appears, Fire Dragon calmly leaves the place. Later is shown that while he was moving and walking normally after the fight, he was injured to the point of vomiting blood. It is to be noted the immense power of Fire Dragon, to be able to sustain a combined attack from some of the most powerful students in the school (Against five members of the Student Council and Gangryong) easily neutralizing Shin, Madoka, Hayato and Rud at the same time.
Fire Dragon is either badly wounded or deceased at the end of volume 10 due to the many injuries he received while fighting Liquid Shark and the other masters.
Techniques:
Yuri Linus (유리 라이너스).
The older sister of Vera and a former friend of deceased Lightning Tiger. Using the resources of Reunion, she seeks to fuse her essence with nature, so as to control all natural phenomena and become a god. Like Vera, she fights using the Arts of Heaven's Rich Strength. It is implied that although she is incredibly powerful (possibly the strongest master of Heaven Riches), she was defeated by Lightning Tiger. She is in a reunion building, in a coma-like state, after the battle with Lighting Tiger. The last attack of Lightning Tiger is constantly feeding electrical energy and immobilizing her body (a similar principle to electrocution) and has such power that even Fire Dragon cannot stand the energy for too long, when Gangryong touches her the power feedback puts him on his knees and later he loses consciousness. It has been revealed that her condition has led to a split in some factions, as some people don't believe her condition is reversible. In Volume 10, it is revealed that Gangryong absorbs Lightning Tiger's energy that kept her in a coma, reviving her. 
Techniques:
"Earth Beast" (Zerar).
A large and stern man and a member of the Reunion; he is the one who presented Gangryong with the arm of Lightning Tiger. Though much more powerful than Gangryong, flashbacks show that he did not stand a chance against Lightning Tiger. Fire Dragon refers to him as "Incomplete Earth Beast", suggesting that he did not properly master his traditional art (or that he is a replacement for the original Heavenly Five Paths successor, who likely died helping Lightning Tiger fight Yuri), and thus he is not as powerful as any of the other Five Paths masters. Later, it was revealed that he has a resurrected traditional art, further implying the death or disappearance of the original Earth Beast. He has sided with Vera as he believes Yuri will never recover.
Others.
Ancient Wood.
A member of the Elder Council and best friends with Lightning Tiger. Ancient Wood has shown an interest in Gangryong Ma, originally wanting him under his wing. He has also been shown working with Fire Dragon to ensure that Vera Linus does not succeed in becoming the next master of Heaven's Riches and that Yuri would be the only one recognized as the master of Heaven's Riches, as part of a deal with Fire Dragon to guarantee freedom of determination (decision) for Gangryong.
Liquid Shark.
Has been shown to be alive, and has a scar on her face, most likely caused from an attack by Fire Dragon. She takes a stand against Reunion along with Lightning Tiger, and is currently attempting to kill Yuri. Presumably, from the name, another master of the Five Paths of Heaven's Riches who uses the Water element.
Liquid Shark returns in chapter 78 as part of the four images assault force of the heaven's riches faction unit to kill Yuri as part of Vera's deal to eliminate all Reunion trained or linked students in an attempt to restore the "one person inherits all, no one else will inherit" of Korean martial arts in order for Vera to become accepted as the head of the Heaven's Riches Faction. 
Liquid Shark is a tall long haired woman with burn scaring down the right side of her face, Judging by her response it is likely she suffered these injuries in battle with Fire Dragon when she aided Lighting Tiger in the interruption of Yuri's deification ceremony. Fire Dragon believed she was dead after the battle.
Original Earth Beast.
The original Earth Beast was working with Lightning Tiger and Liquid Shark opposing Yuri Linus and was most likely killed with Lightning Tiger, thus the current Earth Beast is Zerar. In a flashback by Ancient Wood, his outline is shown to be a bald man wearing a white suit.
Tae-Eum (태음).
A member of the disbanded Heaven's Riches faction, up until recently he has been in hiding but through Kusanagi Hayato's efforts Vera was able to track him down. He was last seen conversing with Vera about matters involving the Heaven's Riches but due to his connection with her he has now become a target for Fire Dragon. Defeated Hayato while temporarily sealing his pressure points, afterward stating that in two years the victor of their battle wouldn't be clear.
The Blue Dragon of Heaven / Taeyang Guk (국태양).
The current master of the thought to be extinct Northern Broad Strike art. He trained Lightning Tiger in Northern Broad Strike, so he might be able to fight Yuri more equally, later, Lightning Tiger told Hayato where to find Guk Taeyang so Hayato could attempt to learn true Northern Broad Strike instead of the lesser Reunion-restored form of Northern Broad Strike, in return for not divulging Lightning Tiger's knowledge of Northern Broad Strike.
His name and title was first mentioned by Gu Honse in Chapter 7 when he asks Gangryong if he knows him, perhaps in an effort to find out if Yoochun taught Gangryong Northern Broad Strike as well, which would go against the deal he made with Guk Taeyang. Hayato later confirmed that Gangryong was not taught this.
In volume 10 after becoming aware of the Heaven's Riches Factions plan to destroy Reunion and kill all students of the school calling on friends he goes to save Hayato due to his belief that Hayato can take Broadstrike to a higher level as Hayato was able to use broadstrike at a level impossible in someone who was self-taught. Taeyang latter succumbs to his injuries but not before passing the secrets of Northern Broadstrike onto Hayato
Styles.
EOTL.
Enlightenment Of Thunder and Lightning, a traditional Korean martial art passed on through the centuries to one student at a time. It amplifies the presence of Metal element in the atmosphere and collides it with a medium, creating lightning. EOTL had long gotten rid of the traditional movements and forms and has instead been taught so that each successor could incorporate EOTL into their own fighting styles as a way to advance the art. Essentially, EOTL uses the "quality, not quantity" approach, as the art relies on having a very refined and pure Ki even if not much in amount, instead of enormous quantity of unrefined Ki, the breathing method is the key to purifying the Ki to be used, similar to how only pure uranium can be used to create an atomic explosion. Fire Dragon states that the art takes Yin Ki and Yang Ki and turns them into negative and positive charges which are then collided. The focal point of breathing is Yin of inhaling (negative charge) and Yang of exhaling (positive charge). Due to the Metal elements presence in the body the user's body is very tough. Lightning Tiger's master was said to have advanced the art to such a degree that even the master of Heavens Riches could not stand up to it. 
Flow Chart Techniques List:
Basics: Used to stun or disrupt the enemy
Advanced Skills - Close Contact: Also known as the killer techniques they may cause the user damage if improperly used
Advanced Skills - Long Distance: These are energy demanding but cover long distances
Final Skill:
Southern Yardplay.
A traditional art that most of the members of the Nine Dragons use, its movements are based on traditional Korean theater and magic performances.
Heaven's Riches.
Heaven's Riches refers to a class of Korean martial arts, specifically to the extremely strong elements based martial arts (EOTL for example, is a heaven's riches class martial). Amongst these, the successor of Heaven's Riches as a whole obtains mastery over "The Void" an element-less art that is dominant over all the other heaven's riches class martial arts. While each of the martial arts by themselves seek an extreme imbalance towards one element, Heaven's Riches itself focuses on "nothingness". The Heaven's Riches main branch is so powerful that the Five Heavenly Paths (a Heaven Riches class martial art by themselves), are meant to balance and protect it.
Northern Broad Strike.
Northern Broad Strike is one of the two strongest arts known to Reunion, the other being Heaven's Riches. While Heaven's Riches is an internal martial art, using ki attacks, Northern Broad Strike is a formless external style that leaves its practitioners supposedly capable of defeating even Heaven's Riches fighters. Practitioners can also counteract ki based arts by reversing the ki attack.
Media.
Manhwa.
Written by Yoon Joon-shik (윤준식) drawn by Kim Dong-hoon (김동훈). The first chapter was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21510632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510632" title="Koungoba">
Koungoba

Koungoba is a village and seat of the commune of Benkadi in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510633" title="Van Straelen">
Van Straelen

Van Straelen is a Belgium surname. Notable people with this name: 

</doc>
<doc id="21510636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510636" title="1000 gute Gründe">
1000 gute Gründe

"1000 gute Gründe" ("1000 good reasons") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It is the second single and the second track from the album "Ein kleines bisschen Horrorschau".
It is a sarcastic song about reasons to love Germany (not actually mentioned). The narrator states there are 1000 good reasons to proud of their country, but for some reason he can't think of anything.
Music video.
The video was directed by Walter Knofel. It consists mostly of live footage.

</doc>
<doc id="21510648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510648" title="Doumanani">
Doumanani

Doumanani is a village and seat of the commune of Miria in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 68 km northwest of Sikasso.

</doc>
<doc id="21510661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510661" title="George Shepherd (rugby league)">
George Shepherd (rugby league)

George Shepherd is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Rugby Football League Championship Final Appearances.
George Shepherd played , i.e. number 9, in Wakefield Trinity's 17-10 victory over Hull in the 1967-68 Rugby Football League Championship final at Headingley Stadium on Saturday 4 May 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21510664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510664" title="Knockfarrel">
Knockfarrel

Knockfarrel () is a village, 1 mile east of Strathpeffer, in Dingwall in Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Knockfarrel or Knock Farrel, or indeed Knock Farril (stone fort) is a vitrified pictish Iron Age fort which lies on the knockfarrel hill, immediately to the north of the village, and which it gave its name to the village. The walk up to the fort is a popular tourist attraction.
The village once had a large enough population to have its own shinty club which then amalgamated with Strathpeffer's to create Caberfeidh in 1886.[http://www.shinty.com/news/caberfeidh-shinty-club-125th-anniversary-celebrations/]

</doc>
<doc id="21510666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510666" title="Cetronia Elementary School">
Cetronia Elementary School

Cetronia Elementary School is a public elementary school in Allentown, Pennsylvania, formerly known as the James W. Good Grade School. In 1961, an extension was added on the east side of the building, and the structure was renamed Cetronia after the area in which it is located. Another addition, including a spacious gymnasium, was added in 1994. Cetronia now encompasses 26 classrooms as well as a library, choral and instrumental room, computer room, faculty facility, art room, office complex, renovated cafeteria and kitchen, and small group instructional facilities. Cetronia Elementary was identified as a national blue ribbon school during the 1998-1999 school year. Representatives of the school were honored at a ceremony in Washington, DC, where they received a plaque and flag. As of February 2009, the student body comprised 642 students.

</doc>
<doc id="21510668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510668" title="Pascal's law">
Pascal's law

Pascal's law or the principle of transmission of fluid-pressure is a principle in fluid mechanics that states that pressure exerted anywhere in a confined incompressible fluid is transmitted equally in all directions throughout the fluid such that the pressure variations (initial differences) remain the same. The law was established by French mathematician Blaise Pascal.
Definition.
Pascal's principle is defined as
This principle is stated mathematically as:
The intuitive explanation of this formula is that the change in pressure between two elevations is due to the weight of the fluid between the elevations. A more correct interpretation, though, is that the pressure change is caused by the change of potential energy per unit volume of the liquid due to the existence of the gravitational field. Note that the variation with height does not depend on any additional pressures. Therefore Pascal's law can be interpreted as saying that "any change in pressure applied" at any given point of the fluid is transmitted "undiminished throughout" the fluid.
Explanation.
If a U-tube is filled with water and pistons are placed at each end, pressure exerted against the left piston will be transmitted throughout the liquid and against the bottom of the right piston. (The pistons are simply "plugs" that can slide freely but snugly inside the tube.) The pressure that the left piston exerts against the water will be exactly equal to the pressure the water exerts against the right piston. Suppose the tube on the right side is made wider and a piston of a larger area is used; for example, the piston on the right has 50 times the area of the piston on the left. If a 1 N load is placed on the left piston, an additional pressure due to the weight of the load is transmitted throughout the liquid and up against the larger piston. The difference between force and pressure is important: the additional pressure is exerted against the entire area of the larger piston. Since there is 50 times the area, 50 times as much force is exerted on the larger piston. Thus, the larger piston will support a 50 N load - fifty times the load on the smaller piston.
Forces can be multiplied using such a device. One newton input produces 50 newtons output. By further increasing the area of the larger piston (or reducing the area of the smaller piston), forces can be multiplied, in principle, by any amount. Pascal's principle underlies the operation of the hydraulic press. The hydraulic press does not violate energy conservation, because a decrease in distance moved compensates for the increase in force. When the small piston is moved downward 10 centimeters, the large piston will be raised only one-fiftieth of this, or 0.2 centimeters. The input force multiplied by the distance moved by the smaller piston is equal to the output force multiplied by the distance moved by the larger piston; this is one more example of a simple machine operating on the same principle as a mechanical lever.
Pascal's principle applies to all fluids, whether gases or liquids. A typical application of Pascal's principle for gases and liquids is the automobile lift seen in many service stations (the hydraulic jack). Increased air pressure produced by an air compressor is transmitted through the air to the surface of oil in an underground reservoir. The oil, in turn, transmits the pressure to a piston, which lifts the automobile. The relatively low pressure that exerts the lifting force against the piston is about the same as the air pressure in automobile tires. Hydraulics is employed by modern devices ranging from very small to enormous. For example, there are hydraulic pistons in almost all construction machines where heavy loads are involved.

</doc>
<doc id="21510686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510686" title="The Locusts (film)">
The Locusts (film)

The Locusts is a 1997 film starring Kate Capshaw, Jeremy Davies, Vince Vaughn, Paul Rudd, and Ashley Judd. It was written and directed by John Patrick Kelley. The score was composed by Carter Burwell.
Synopsis.
Clay Hewitt (Vince Vaughn) is a drifter who wanders into a small Kansas town and quickly becomes popular. Soon after arriving he punches out the local town drunk, falls in love with local beauty Kitty (Ashley Judd), and is hired on the local feed ranch, owned by the alcoholic widow Delilah (Kate Capshaw). Delilah is notorious for her attraction to younger men, and allows Clay to stay in her estate's carriage house. Her son Flyboy (Jeremy Davies) has recently returned from a mental hospital and hasn't said a word to anyone other than his pet bull. Clay slowly breaks Flyboy out of his shell, which unleashes a complex turn of events.
Reception.
The film currently holds 20% "rotten" rating on film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.
Bull castration controversy.
A test screening experienced several audience members leaving the theater with their hands over their mouths after seeing a scene with a full graphic bull castration. MGM's marketing chief responded in the Los Angeles Times that the audience members must have reacted only "to what they expect to see" with MGM president of worldwide distribution Larry Gleeson adding "You can do anything to a human being a movie, but just don't hurt an animal."

</doc>
<doc id="21510696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510696" title="Michael Mayer (footballer)">
Michael Mayer (footballer)

Michael Mayer (born 17 October 1970) is a retired German football player. He played for one season in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="21510709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510709" title="Montenegrin alphabet">
Montenegrin alphabet

The Montenegrin alphabet is the collective name given to "Abeceda" (Montenegrin Latin alphabet) and "Азбука" (Montenegrin Cyrillic alphabet) writing systems used to write the Montenegrin language. It was adopted on 9 June 2009 by the minister of education of Montenegro, Sreten Škuletić and replaced the Serbian Cyrillic and Croatian Latin alphabets. Although Latin and Cyrillic alphabets enjoy equal status under the Constitution of Montenegro, the government and proponents of Montenegrin language prefer to use the Latin script.
History.
Efforts to create a Latin character based Montenegrin alphabet go back at least to World War I, when a newspaper was published in Cetinje using both Latin and Cyrillic characters.
Latin alphabet.
The Montenegrin Latin alphabet (Montenegrin: црногорска латиница / "crnogorska latinica") or Abeceda is proposed for writing the Montenegrin language in Latin script.
It uses most letters of the ISO basic Latin alphabet (with the exception of the consonants "Q", "W", "X" and "Y", only used for writing common words or proper names directly borrowed from foreign languages).
Montenegrin Latin is based on Serbo-Croatian Latin, with the addition of the two letters Ś and Ź, to replace the digraphs SJ and ZJ. These parallel the two letters of the Montenegrin Cyrillic alphabet not found in Serbian, С́ and З́. These, respectively, could also be represented in the original alphabets as "šj" and "žj", and "шj" and "жj".
It also uses some Latin extended letters, composed with a basic Latin letter and one of two combining accents (the acute accent or caron, over C, S, and Z), and a supplementary base consonant Đ: they are needed to note additional phonetic distinctions (notably to preserve the distinctions that are present in the Cyrillic script with which the Montenegrin language has also long been written, when it was still unified in the former Yugoslavia within the written Serbo-Croatian language).
Digraphs.
The alphabet also includes some digraphs built from the previous characters (that are considered as single letters for collation purpose): Dž, Nj, and Lj.
Cyrillic alphabet.
The Montenegrin Cyrillic alphabet (Montenegrin: црногорска ћирилица / "crnogorska ćirilica") or Азбука is officially proposed for Cyrillic writing of the Montenegrin language.
Its first version was developed by Vojislav P. Nikčević in the 1970s who was a dissident of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and considered that Montenegrin speech is unique and deserves consideration as a separate language from Serbo-Croatian.
The modern version was officially passed by the Ministry of Education of Sreten Škuletić when it adopted in early 2009 the first Montenegrin Orthography (with the addition of the Orthographic Dictionary), replacing the Serbian Cyrillic script which was official until then. The act is a component part of the process of standardization of the Montenegrin language, starting in mid 2008 after adopting Montenegrin as the official language of Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="21510713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510713" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's giant slalom">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's giant slalom

Complete results for Women's Giant Slalom competition at the 2009 World Championships. It was run on February 12, the seventh race of the championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21510751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510751" title="HMS Sparkler">
HMS Sparkler

Two vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Sparkler":

</doc>
<doc id="21510755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510755" title="Naxos syndrome">
Naxos syndrome

Naxos syndrome (also known as "Diffuse non-epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma with woolly hair and cardiomyopathy," "Diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma with woolly hair and arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy firstly described in Naxos island by Dr Nikos Protonotarios," and "Naxos disease") is a cutaneous condition characterized by a palmoplantar keratoderma. The prevalence of the syndrome is about 1 person in 1000 in the Hellenic islands.
It has been associated with mutations in the genes encoding desmoplakin and plakoglobin.

</doc>
<doc id="21510756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510756" title="Blondy Wallace">
Blondy Wallace

Charles Edgar "Blondy" Wallace was an early professional football player. He was a 240-pound, former Walter Camp second-team All-American tackle from the University of Pennsylvania. He also played two years at Peddie Institute, in New Jersey, winning state championships in 1896 and 1897. During his professional playing career he was involved in almost every major event in professional football between 1902 and 1907. Over that timespan he played for the independent Philadelphia Athletic Club, the Philadelphia Athletics of the first National Football League, the "New York" team and the Syracuse Athletic Club in the 1902 World Series of Football, the Franklin Athletic Club and the Canton Bulldogs of the Ohio League.
Football career.
1902 NFL season.
In 1902, Col. John Rogers, owner of the National League's Philadelphia Phillies, decided to bankroll the Philadelphia Athletic Club football team. Upon hearing of this, Wallace approached Ben Shibe of the rival American League's Philadelphia Athletics to see whether the Athletics would be following suit and fielding a football team. Not wanting his rivals to be unchallenged, Shibe decided to form a team with Wallace as the team's player-coach. The Athletics baseball manager, Connie Mack, was then named the team's manager. The football Philadelphia Athletics finished the 1902 NFL season with a 5–2–2 record for a controversial second-place finish behind the Pittsburgh Stars. The league then folded immediately after the season.
1902 World Series of Football.
After the NFL season, Wallace played in the World Series of Football in 1902 at Madison Square Garden. He played on a team that consisted of former players from the football Athletics and the football Philadelphia Phillies of the NFL. The name of their team was simply called the "New York" team by Series organizer, Tom O'Rourke, expected to give his patrons the pleasure of watching a "home team" win. Syracuse defeated Wallace and the "New York" club in what has been called the first indoor pro football game. However Blondy would get a second chance winning the series after Glenn "Pop" Warner of the Syracuse Athletic Club suffered a head injury and was replace by Wallace. Syracuse would go on to win the series championship by a score of 36-0.
Franklin Athletic Club.
In 1903, Bill Prince, the manager of the Franklin Athletic Club, loaded his team with every star football player available. That year, Wallace became the team's captain. That year Franklin posted a 12-0 record and won the 1903 World Series of Football. This accomplishment makes Blondy a winner on both the 1902 and 1903 World Series teams.
Canton Bulldogs.
In 1905 Wallace became the second coach of the Canton Athletic Club (renamed the Canton Bulldogs in 1906). That year Wallace, signed an agreement with the Latrobe Athletic Association, led by quarterback John Brallier, to play against Canton in Latrobe. Latrobe, under Brallier, was not only the current Pennsylvania football champion, but were undefeated for the last three seasons. They were also considered the only professional team capable of competing at the same level as Canton and the Massillon Tigers. Canton would go on to lose the game to Latrobe, however the team was the runner-up in the Ohio League standings for the 1905 season.
Wallace added four former Massillon players to his team in 1906. That year the Bulldogs was able to win their first game against Massillon, during a 2 game home-and-home series at Canton, however they lost the second game at Massillon, and the Tigers again claimed the Ohio championship. Shortly afterward that second game, a Massillon newspaper charged Wallace with fixing the 1906 championship game. The Bulldogs and Wallace denied the charges, maintaining that Massillon only wanted to ruin the club's reputation before their final game against Latrobe. Wallace later filed a libel lawsuit against the Massillon paper. However, Wallace was in need of money, and the case was reportedly settled out of court.
Referee.
Wallace also held the job of referee. In 1904 he served as a Head Linesman for a game between Lafayette College and Swarthmore College. Lafayette would go on to win the game 4-0.
Bootlegger.
Wallace later became a bootlegger in Atlantic City. Harry March his 1934 a book titled "", which documented the Canton-Massillon betting scandal, called Wallace "The King of the Bootleggers". In 1933 he was convicted of evading income tax payments and sentenced to one year in a federal penitentiary. He was formally accused of evading payment to the government of $4,196.72 in 1929 and $1,953.52 in 1930. He was indicted when books and records from the Egg Harbor Brewery which disclosed, according to the government, income tax evasions in 1929 and 1930.
Death.
Wallace died on March 5, 1937 while he was rushed by ambulance to a hospital in Atlantic City. He had suffered from liver problems.

</doc>
<doc id="21510760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510760" title="Filamana">
Filamana

Filamana is a village and seat of the commune of Koussan in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 79 km south-southeast of Yanfolila.

</doc>
<doc id="21510773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510773" title="Asima Chatterjee">
Asima Chatterjee

Asima Chatterjee () (23 September 1917 – 22 November 2006) was an Indian chemist noted for her work in the fields of organic chemistry and phytomedicine. Her most notable work includes research on vinca alkaloids, and the development of anti-epileptic and anti-malarial drugs. She also authored a considerable volume of work on medicinal plants of the Indian subcontinent.
Biography.
Early life.
Asima Chatterjee was born on 23 September 1917 in Bengal. An excellent student, Chatterjee grew up in Calcutta, attending school and subsequently enrolling at the Scottish Church College, of the University of Calcutta, graduating with honours in chemistry in 1936.
Academic work.
Asima Chatterjee graduated in 1938 with a Masters degree in organic chemistry, followed by doctoral work at the University of Calcutta, where she researched the chemistry of plant products and synthetic organic chemistry. Among her notable instructors at the time were Prafulla Chandra Roy and Prof S.N. Bose.
Career.
She joined the Lady Brabourne College, of the University of Calcutta in 1940 as the founding head of the department of chemistry. In 1944, Chatterjee became the first woman to be conferred a Doctorate of Science by an Indian University. In 1954, Asima Chatterjee joined the University College of Science of the University of Calcutta, as reader in pure chemistry. In 1962, Chatterjee was appointed the prestigious Khaira professorship of Chemistry at the University of Calcutta, a position she held till 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21510775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510775" title="Guélélinkoro">
Guélélinkoro

Guélélinkoro is a village and seat of the rural commune of Djallon-Foula in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 40 km west of the town of Yanfolila and 4 km east of the Sankarani River that marks the border of Mali with Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="21510781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510781" title="Coloma, Montana">
Coloma, Montana

Coloma is a ghost town located in the area of the Garnet Range in Missoula County, Montana. Not much is known about the settlement, which appears to have been founded in 1893. Records of the period indicate high gold mining activity from 1896 onwards, with an estimated $200,000 to $250,000 in gold being extracted. 1916 saw additional activity when a mill was built on the site and additional surveys on the ore veins were conducted, apparently without success. Additional prospecting activity occurred between 1932 and 1950.
As of 2009, the site was under archeological study by Dr. Kelly Dixon and a group of graduate students from the University of Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="21510782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510782" title="André Maugars">
André Maugars

André Maugars (c. 1580 – c. 1645) was a French viol player. Marin Mersenne and Nicolas Hotman described him as the first French viol virtuoso, in particular, improviser of diminutions.
In about 1620, he went to England and remained there for four years. He was probably in the service of James I of England in his court orchestra. After his return, he published a French translation of the Francis Bacon's letter "Advancement of learning" (1605). First he worked as a translator at the French court, later for the Cardinal Richelieu. This made him in 1630 the Prior of the Monastery St. Pierre-Eynac in Le Puy-en-Velay. In 1634, he published a translation of another Bacon's letter "Considerations Touching on a War with Spain". In 1637 or in the next years, he travelled to Rome. Following this trip, he wrote an open letter published in Paris about his experiences from his Italian trip. This letter is a valuable historical musical testimony about the contemporary Italian church music, oratories and instrumental works in comparison with the French music of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21510794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510794" title="Soloba">
Soloba

Soloba is a village and seat of the rural commune of Yallankoro-Soloba in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 32 km west of Yanfolila and 4 km from the Sankarani River that marks the border with Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="21510808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510808" title="Doussoudiana">
Doussoudiana

Doussoudiana is a village and seat of the commune of Bolo-Fouta in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510814" title="Kalana, Mali">
Kalana, Mali

Kalana is a village and seat of the commune of Gouandiaka in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. It is 44 km south of Yanfolila.

</doc>
<doc id="21510817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510817" title="Marc Kienle">
Marc Kienle

Marc Kienle (born 22 October 1972) is a German former footballer who is now manager of SV Wehen Wiesbaden. As a player, he spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart and MSV Duisburg.
Playing career.
Kienle played youth football for Stuttgarter Kickers, before joining city rivals VfB Stuttgart in 1991. He made his debut for the club on the opening day of the 1991–92 season, as a substitute for Alexander Strehmel in a 1–0 defeat to MSV Duisburg, and made a further nine appearances during the season as Stuttgart won the Bundesliga title. The following season he only made six appearances, all as a substitute, but scored three times, including both in a 2–0 win over 1. FC Köln after replacing Fritz Walter. He made 23 appearances during the 1993–94 season, again mostly as a sub, and became a regular starter in 1994–95, with 28 appearances as Stuttgart settled into a mid-table position.
Kienle was to drop to the 2. Bundesliga, though, joining MSV Duisburg. He made 31 appearances during the 1995–96 season as Duisburg were promoted in third place, but only made five appearances in the next two seasons combined, and didn't feature in the club's run to the 1998 DFB Cup Final, which they lost against Bayern Munich. In 1998 he signed for Karlsruher SC who had just been relegated to the 2. Bundesliga, and missed out on promotion during his first season, finishing fifth. The following year Karlsruhe finished bottom of the table, and were relegated to the Regionalliga Süd, so Kienle left the club.
Kienle stayed in the 2. Bundesliga, signing for Alemannia Aachen, making fourteen appearances during the 2000–01 season as the club finished 10th. He then returned to MSV Duisburg, where he made over 50 appearances in the next two seasons as the club finished in mid-table in the second tier. He spent the first half of the 2003–04 season without a club before joining Dutch Eerste Divisie side MVV, where he would spend the next two and a half years. He returned to Germany in 2006, joining Wormatia Worms of the Oberliga Südwest, but retired shortly after the beginning of the 2006–07 season.
Coaching career.
After retirement, Kienle returned to VfB Stuttgart as a youth coach, before taking up a similar position with Bayern Munich in 2012. In October 2013, he took his first senior management job, replacing Peter Vollmann at SV Wehen Wiesbaden. By co-incidence, two of his former MSV Duisburg team-mates, Dietmar Hirsch and Horst Steffen, had begun their managerial careers in the same division during the same season.

</doc>
<doc id="21510826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510826" title="Kangaré, Mali">
Kangaré, Mali

Kangaré is a small town and seat of the commune of Baya in the Cercle of Yanfolila of the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The town lies to the east of the Sélingué Dam and 52 km north of Yanfolila.

</doc>
<doc id="21510827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510827" title="Antônio Rinaldo Gonçalves">
Antônio Rinaldo Gonçalves

Antônio Rinaldo Gonçalves, commonly known simply as Rinaldo (born October 31, 1966), is an association footballer. He played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs. He also played for Portuguese Liga clubs and for the Brazilian national team.
Career.
Born in Campina Grande, Paraíba state, Rinaldo started his professional career playing for Campinense, then moving to their rivals Treze. He played 36 Série A games for Santa Cruz between 1987 and 1988, scoring five goals. He then joined Fluminense, playing 21 Série A games and scoring seven goals for the Rio de Janeiro-based club. With São Paulo, Rinaldo played 15 Série A games, scoring two goals, between 1991 and 1992. Including other competition games, he played 28 games for São Paulo, and scored four goals. In 1992, he played four Copa do Brasil games for Sport Recife, scoring four goals. He left the club after the 1993 season. After leaving Sport Recife, he played for Portuguesa, then Portuguese Liga clubs Marítimo and Moreirense, Juventude, and in 1994 Kärnten of Austria, when he retired and moved to Recife city.
National team.
Rinaldo played only one game for the Brazilian national team, in 1990. It was a friendly game against a Rest of the World combined team to celebrate Pelé's 50th birthday. The game was played on October 31, 1990 at Stadio San Siro, Milan, Italy, and Brazil was defeated 2–1. The game is notorious because after Rinaldo received a pass from Pelé, instead of returning the ball to him, he shot the ball, missing the goal, and preventing Pelé from scoring his 1282nd goal.

</doc>
<doc id="21510847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510847" title="Bambala">
Bambala

Bambala is a village and seat of the commune of Sankarani in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 30 km northwest of Yanfolila on the western shore of Lake Sélingué.

</doc>
<doc id="21510862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510862" title="Chervonohorod">
Chervonohorod

Chervonohorod or Chervone (until 1970 , formerly , ), meaning "Red Town" (from the color of the earth), is a former town in Zalischyky Raion, Ternopil Oblast of Ukraine, that was part of the municipal district of Nyrkiv (Ни́рків). It was chartered in 1434 and was the seat of a powiat in the Podole Voivodeship. During the 19th century Chervonohorod declined in importance, and its population was reduced to 500 by the time of the September Campaign (1939). 
The local castle was built in the early 17th century as a seat of the Danilowicz magnate family. Prince Poninski acquired the ruined castle from the Habsburgs in 1778 and had it demolished. A new princely residence was erected to replace it. The prince and his family were interred in the family vault, which boasted a relief commissioned from Bertel Thorvaldsen. The Soviets dismantled the Poninski-Lubomirski palace (apart from the two towers), removing Czerwonogrod from the map of the Ukrainian SSR.

</doc>
<doc id="21510871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510871" title="Yorobougoula">
Yorobougoula

Yorobougoula is a village and seat of the commune of Gouanan in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21510876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510876" title="Joe Kelly (hurler)">
Joe Kelly (hurler)

Fr. Joseph "Joe" Kelly (born 1923) was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
Kelly joined the team during the 1943 championship and later became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement following the conclusion of the 1947 championship. During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals. Kelly was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Kelly played with the famous Glen Rovers.
Playing career.
Club.
Kelly played his club hurling with the famous Glen Rovers club on the north side of Cork city. He enjoyed little success at minor level before joining the club’s senior team. In spite of the Glen going through a hugely successful period during the 1940s, Kelly helped the team to many championship titles but never played in a county final himself.
Inter-county.
Kelly first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork minor hurling team in 1941. He won a Munster medal that year following a 4-6 to 3-3 defeat of Tipperary. He later lined out in an All-Ireland decider against Kilkenny. A 5-2 to 2-2 score line gave Cork the victory and gave Kelly a coveted All-Ireland medal.
By 1943 Kelly had joined the Cork senior team. He was unused substitute that year as Cork claimed both the Munster and All-Ireland crowns.
In 1944 Kelly made his championship debut as Cork were attempting to capture an unprecedented fourth All-Ireland title in-a-row. No team in the history of the hurling championship had won more than three consecutive titles. The year got off to a good start when Cork defeated Limerick by 4-6 to 3-6 after a replay to give Kelly a first Munster medal. For the third time in four years Cork faced Dublin in an All-Ireland decider. Joe Kelly was the hero of the day and he contributed greatly to Cork's 2-13 to 1-2 victory. It was a first All-Ireland medal for Kelly.
Five-in-a-row proved to be a bridge too far for Cork, however, the team returned in 1946. A 3-8 to 1-3 defeat of Limerick gave Kelly his second Munster medal. Under the captaincy of Christy Ring, Cork subsequently faced old rivals Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. While some had written off Cork's chances, they took an interval lead of four points. With ten minutes remaining Cork's lead was reduced to just two points, however, goals by Mossy O'Riordan and Kelly secured the victory. A 7-6 to 3-8 score line gave Kelly a second All-Ireland medal.
Cork retained their provincial dominance in 1947 with Kelly picking up a third winners' medal following a three-point victory over Limerick. The All-Ireland final was a repeat of the previous year with Kilkenny providing the opposition. The stakes were high for both sides as Cork were aiming for a record sixth championship in seven seasons while Kilkenny were aiming to avoid becoming the first team to lose three consecutive All-Ireland finals. In what has been described as one of the greatest deciders of all-time, little separated the two teams over the course if the hour. A Kelly goal put Cork one point ahead with time almost up, however, Terry Leahy proved to be the hero of the day. He converted a free to level the sides again before sending over the match-winner from the subsequent puck-out. With that the game was over and Kelly's side were beaten by 0-14 to 2-7. It was the fifth time that Kilkenny had pipped Cork by a single point in an All-Ireland final.
Kelly was ordained a priest in June 1949 and effectively brought his inter-county career to an official end. He emigrated to New Zealand in October of that year and spent the rest of his life ministering in Christchurch.

</doc>
<doc id="21510881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510881" title="University of Strathclyde Faculty of Education">
University of Strathclyde Faculty of Education

The Faculty Of Education is one of the 5 faculties which make up "The University of Strathclyde. " in Glasgow, Scotland. The Faculty itself is split up into the a number of Educational Departments which offer undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Introduction.
The department was formed in early 1992 when the Jordanhill College of education (the first centre in Europe to train teachers) made the decision to merge with the university in order to create a new department; The new Faculty, which came into being on 1 April 1993, has a history in the field of training new teachers and more recently, in the education of professionals in the arts, community education, physical education, sport and outdoor education, social work and speech and language therapy. 
Its Jordanhill campus houses the largest education research library in Scotland. There are two student residences on campus. Other facilities include a bank, two shops, a refectory, coffee shops and a student club. 
The University of Strathclyde plan to close the Jordanhill campus in 2012, and move the faculty into Glasgow City Centre onto the John Anderson Campus, which it The University's main location.
Research.
The department takes part in ongoing research by assisting staff and students in the various research areas and also by making sure they have been fully trained.
The university has a very large library.
Students in the department may get the chance to take part in an international Student exchange program which means they will be travelling to another university in Europe. This is due to the department supporting the studying of students in other countries throughout the world.
National Centre for Autism Studies.
The Faculty is home to the National Centre For Autism studies which was established in 2003. The NCAS comprises three strandse in relation to autism - research, practice and teaching - with a multi-disciplinary staff and visiting professors. 
Childhood and Families.
The centre for Childhood and Families Research has been operating in the university since 1999. Its motto is:
"To enhance the quality of childhood and family experience by working in partnership with parents, professionals and policy makers in order to extend understanding of learning and development in families, communities and children's services." 
Department Rankings.
The Faculty of Education ranks in the top 5 in Scotland and in the top 20 in the UK.
Faculty Activities.
Staff from the Departments which make up the faculty are involved in the teaching of instructional courses at undergraduate and postgraduate level, as well as in personal research and in the supervision of students undertaking higher degrees. Another major activity is the provision of short courses designed for qualified teachers and other professionals which graduate from the department. 

</doc>
<doc id="21510882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510882" title="Frank Withrow">
Frank Withrow

Frank Blaine Withrow (June 14, 1891 – September 5, 1966), nicknamed "Kid", was a professional baseball player. He played two seasons, 1920 and 1922, in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies, primarily as a catcher. In 58 games, Withrow had 31 hits in 153 at bats, for a .203 batting average. He batted and threw right-handed.
Withrow was born in Greenwood, Missouri and died in Omaha, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="21510889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510889" title="List of Indian reserves in British Columbia">
List of Indian reserves in British Columbia

This is a list of Indian reserves in British Columbia. Former Indian reserves that have been extinguished by treaty or other means are also included.

</doc>
<doc id="21510959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510959" title="Binko, Sikasso">
Binko, Sikasso

Binko is a village and seat of the commune of Tagandougou in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 52 km north of Yanfolila on the western side of the Sélingué Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="21510962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510962" title="Jim Spotts">
Jim Spotts

James Russell "Jim" Spotts (April 10, 1909 – June 15, 1964) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Spotts played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In 3 games, Spotts had no hits in 2 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Spotts was born in Honey Brook, Pennsylvania, and died in Medford, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="21510972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510972" title="Peter Mark">
Peter Mark

Peter Mark are an Irish hairdressing chain founded in 1969 by two brothers Peter and Mark Keaveney. The first shop they opened was in Dublin's Grafton Street. They currently have 74 shops in Ireland. The company train and recruit all of their own staff in training schools in Dublin and Belfast.
Gary Kavanagh is the creative director who has worked on most major fashion events in Ireland and with some international models. 

</doc>
<doc id="21510973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510973" title="Siékorolé">
Siékorolé

Siékorolé is a village and seat of the commune of Séré Moussa Ani Samou in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 20 km northwest of Yanfolila.

</doc>
<doc id="21510980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510980" title="Martin Kolberg">
Martin Kolberg

Martin Kolberg (born 24 February 1949) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. He served as the party secretary from 2002 until 2009. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 2009 and since 2013 serves as leader of the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs.
Early life and education.
Kolberg was born in the city of Drammen, Buskerud. He is the son of railroad worker Kjell O. J. Kolberg (1921-) and homemaker Ruth Utengen (1921-2006). After finishing primary school, Kolberg attended Oslo Technical College, but later dropped out. He since completed training as an electrician. He held a variety of jobs, including mailman, Lab assistant at a cable wire factory and also as assistant at the local shoe-factory.
Political career.
Kolberg served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from 1977 to 1981. He served as a deputy representative for the second time from 2001 to 2005, and met regularly from 1 October to 19 October 2001 while Thorbjørn Jagland was Minister of Foreign Affairs. In total he met 144 days as a deputy.
From 13 July 1995 to 25 October 1996, Kolberg was state secretary at the Office of the Prime Minister under the third cabinet Brundtland. When the new cabinet Jagland was announced, it became clear that the new prime minister, Thorbjørn Jagland, who was also Kolberg's childhood friend, had discarded him as state secretary. Kolberg reacted with anger and frustration, and the media portrayed the matter as Jagland firing his best friend. Jagland stated that "Martin had wanted to work for Gro Brundtland ... I really wanted him to work as party secretary". To Kolberg's reaction, Jagland stated: "I followed an agreement between us, and I thought he did not want the job. I am very surprised by his reaction". Jagland further stated that it was all a misunderstanding, because he Jagland thought that Kolberg did not want to work with "the Norwegian House". Five days later, Kolberg was appointed state secretary in the Ministry of Defence, where he remained until the cabined withdrew on 17 October 1997, following the defeat in the 1997 election.
Since 2002 he has been the party secretary of the Labour Party. In 2009 he will step down, choosing instead to stand for election again, this time with the prospect of winning a seat of his own. Several people have been suggested for the vacant position as party secretary, including Geir Axelsen, Rita Ottervik, Karl Eirik Schjøtt-Pedersen, Raymond Johansen, Trond Giske and Bjarne Håkon Hanssen.

</doc>
<doc id="21510991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510991" title="Pinner and Grammarians RFC">
Pinner and Grammarians RFC

Pinner and Grammarians Rugby Football Club is a rugby club in Pinner, northwest London and covers the London Borough of Harrow, the London Borough of Ealing and the London Borough of Hillingdon.
The club fields a first XV, 2nd XV, veteran's team and a club for children. The first XV play in the Herts/Middlesex Division 2. The club is a member of the Rugby Football Union. The club hosts the Socious Sports summer rugby camp for children.
History of the club.
Pinner RFC was formed at a meeting in the Queen's Head public house in July 1934. Records have shown that a Pinner Rugby Football and Penny Farthing Racing Club played a match against Rosslyn Park in 1886 and then Harrow and Wealdstone in 1889, though the official year of formation is accepted as 1939. Pinner RFC played on several venues including Montesole Playing Field and during the Second World War at Old Millhillians off Headstone Lane, though all matches controlled by the Rugby Football Union (RFU) were suspended during the war. After the end of the war the club switched to Shaftesbury Playing Fields, Hatch End where the club still play. The original pavilion was formally opened on 23 January 1954 by Bill Ramsey, the then President of the RFU. The club President around during this period was international referee Cyril Gadney MBE, who was an important member within rugby union societies, later becoming president of the London Society of RFU Referees, the Middlesex Rugby Football Union (1957–60) and the Rugby Football Union (1962-3). Indeed, Pinner is the most junior rugby club to have one of its members become the president of the RFU. At his invitation the visiting New Zealand national rugby union team spent Christmas at Pinner.
In the 1950s Bryn Jones, who had had a Welsh trial, introduced rugby to Pinner Grammar School. The old scholars club was formed in 1964 playing home matches in Roxbourne Park or at the school. The school produced several outstanding players. Most notable was Stewart Wilson who was a British Lion and captain of Scotland. His brother Jackie played at first class level. Howard Walters went on to captain Leicester University but returned to the club as it captain in the 1970s eventually becoming the Honorary Treasurer and then auditor.
By 1968 both Pinner and the old Scholars team (Grammarians) clubs were experiencing difficulties. To ensure the clubs' survival a merger took place on 1 January 1969. The team, now operating as Pinner and Grammarians RFC, spent the rest of that season under joint administration and captaincy. The 1970s represented a 'golden age' for the club with up to six teams playing on Saturdays and a successful Colt's XV operating on Sundays.
On 11 April 2002 a fire destroyed the clubhouse, which was first built in 1954. The club lost its trophies, memorabilia and photographs in the blaze. The club, through fund raising and a grant from the Rugby Foundation, rebuilt a new clubhouse soon after. In 2010, the pitch underwent construction to implement a new comprehensive drainage scheme funded by the RFU and the Harrow London Borough Council.

</doc>
<doc id="21510994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510994" title="Doka Madureira">
Doka Madureira

Doka Madureira real name Francisco Lima da Silva (born 11 February 1984 in Sena Madureira, Acre, Brazil) is a Brazilian football midfielder, currently playing for Istanbul B.B. in the Turkish Süper Lig. 
His first name Doka is a nickname, and/while his surname Madureira is the name of his home town (Doka from town of Madureira).
Career.
In Brazil.
After spending the first five years of his career in his home country with Rio Branco, Bahia and Goiás, Doka Madureira was invited by Serbian FK Partizan to join trial period, which began on June 2008. But Doka didn't sign with Partizan and two weeks later returned to Rio Branco.
Litex Lovech.
In November 2008 he was invited by Bulgarian Litex Lovech to join a trial period. He made his team debut a few days later in a 4–1 friendly win against Chavdar Etropole. In December 2008, Litex signed Madureira to a three-year deal. He was given the number 15 shirt.
Madureira marked his Litex Lovech competitive debut with a goal in a 5–1 win away to Nesebar in the Bulgarian Cup on 4 March 2009. Until the end of the season, he earned 17 appearances and scored eight goals. Litex won the Bulgarian Cup on 26 May 2009, to grant Doka his first career cup in Bulgaria. In the final he scored and assisted for a 3–0 win against Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Doka scored his first goal of the 2009–10 season against Lokomotiv Plovdiv on 21 November 2009, scoring the fourth goal of a 5–0 home win. On 14 March 2010, he scored Litex's first goal in their 3–0 victory over Levski Sofia and was awarded Man of the Match. Litex won the A PFG on 2 May 2010 with a win at away to Lokomotiv Plovdiv. Doka scored the second goal for a 3–0 win.
Following the 2010–11 season, he earned 22 appearances in the A PFG, scored 12 goals and provided five assists. On 16 May 2011, Doka was named the ABF A PFG Player of the Season, by the professional footballers association of Bulgaria.
Istanbul B.B..
In late June 2011, Doka Madureira was signed by Turkish Süper Lig club Istanbul B.B.. The Brazilian's contract is for 3 years, with the option for a 1-year extension. On 11 September 2011, he made his official debut as a starter in the 2:0 home win against Galatasaray S.K. in a Süper Lig match. On 24 September 2011, Doka Madureira scored his first goal for the team, converting a penalty in the 2:0 away win against Manisaspor. On 12 May 2012, Madureira received a red card in the 0:4 home loss against Bursaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="21510995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21510995" title="Solila, Borja">
Solila, Borja

Solila is a relatively small forest-free area on top of The Borja mountain near Teslić, in Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Its altitude is abt 870 m. It is located on the old route of the regional road Teslić-Banja Luka. During the World War II a group of partisans was killed on this spot and a monument was erected in the post-war Yugoslavia. During the communist era in Yugoslavia it was popular place for picnics and visits.
The text on the monument is in Serbian (Latin script) and roughly translates as:
Solila offers a wonderful view to the Borja mountain and forests of Bosnia. There is a pleasant motel abt 2 km to the North.

</doc>
<doc id="21511002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511002" title="CMU Connector">
CMU Connector

CMU Connector was a popular file transfer program and service that was created in the Fall of 2005 by Kiley Williams, a student at Carnegie Mellon University at the time. It was shut down in early 2007 due to pressure from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and school officials. The service spanned several universities on the east coast and boasted over 20,000 users at its peak.
Users were required to have an invite code in order to use the service. This was a way to mitigate potential problems from illegal usage.
Williams created the program to honor his best friend, a student at the Rochester Institute of Technology, who had been sued by the RIAA for illegal file-sharing. When he was unable to pay the $5,000 tab, his scholarship was revoked, which forced him to transfer to a community college and subsequently drop out of college altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="21511004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511004" title="Bilateral vestibulopathy">
Bilateral vestibulopathy

Bilateral Vestibulopathy results as the culmination of damage done to both inner ears. Bilateral Vestibulopathy causes problems in vision, hearing and motor coordination.
Symptoms.
Symptoms typically include imbalance and visual problems. Dark or unsure situations generally increase this imbalance.The imbalance is worse in the dark or in situations where footing is uncertain. Spinning vertigo is unusual. Oscillopsia, visual symptoms of Bilateral Vestibulopathy only occur when the head is moving. For instance, when driving, a person with Bilateral Vestibulopathy may see very blurry objects. Oscillopsia is often common during walking. Transient visual blurring occurs with quick movements of the head.
Diagnosis.
Your physician will make a decision based on your history, physical examination or vestibular tests in a rotary chair. There are several different causes of Bilateral Vestibulopathy, including Gentamicin toxicity, but the rotary chair test will determine the effects on both ears. Tests for syphilis, an antibody test for autoimmune inner ear disease or audiograms may be important in determining if you have bilateral vestibulopathy.
Treatment.
Treatment differs depending on the cause. Each cause has a different treatment, and may involve either medical treatment, surgery, or therapy. If serious damage has already been done, then the focus of treatment is upon avoidance of vestibular suppressants and ototoxins. It is recommended that you tell your physicians to avoid drugs that end in mycin ( Azithromycin, Erythromycin ) because of possible reactions which could lead to setbacks. Vestibular rehabilitation is important. Your physician will try to keep the administering of drugs to a minimum.

</doc>
<doc id="21511009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511009" title="Harold Poynton">
Harold Poynton

Harold Poynton is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, '60s and '70s playing at representative level for Great Britain, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Captain), as a , or , i.e. number 6, or 7.
Playing career.
International honours.
Harold Poynton played in Great Britain's 10–17 defeat by Australia in the second Ashes Test Match at Lang Park, Brisbane on Saturday 30 June 1962, and the 18–17 victory over Australia in the third Ashes Test Match at Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday 14 July 1962, and played in the 8–27 defeat by New Zealand in the second Test Match at Carlaw Park, Auckland on Saturday 11 August 1962.
Rugby Football League Championship final appearances.
Harold Poynton played and was Captain and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 21–9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966–67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967, and was Captain and scored a goal the 17–10 victory over Hull in the 1967–68 Rugby Football League Championship final at Headingley Stadium on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Harold Poynton played in Wakefield Trinity's 12–6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 12 May 1962, and scored a try, and was man of the match winning the Lance Todd Trophy in the 25–10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 11 May 1963.
County Cup final appearances.
Harold Poynton played in Wakefield Trinity's 16–10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1959–60 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960.
Club career.
Geoffrey Oakes, and Harold Poynton both made their début for Wakefield Trinity in the 17-12 victory over St. Helens at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Saturday 1 February 1958.
Testimonial match.
Harold Poynton's Testimonial match for Wakefield Trinity took place against Leeds in 1968.
Outside of Rugby League.
Harold Poynton has run his newsagents shop in Lupset, Wakefield for a number of years. On 15 July 2007 Harold Poynton had the beer Poynton's Pride named after him.
Genealogical information.
Harold Poynton is related to the rugby league footballer, Thomas Poynton.

</doc>
<doc id="21511056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511056" title="London Buses route 257">
London Buses route 257

London Buses route 257 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Stratford bus station and Walthamstow Central station, it is operated by London General.
History.
Route 257 commenced operating on 19 November 1988 between Stratford and Walthamstow Central station with a daytime extension to Chingford Mount replacing part of route 262. It was operated by Leyland Titans.
Upon being up for tender, the route passed to Capital Citybus on 10 October 1992, with the Chingford Mount extension withdrawn. A batch of newish Dennis Dominators was acquired second-hand from Southampton Citybus for the route, although the enhancement the following year saw them diluted somewhat by a medley of other types. The last couple of years, they were replaced by the more capacious Dennis Arrows, these having been displaced from route D6.
Route 257 was included in the July 1998 sale of Capital Citybus to First London.
Upon being re-tendered, it was retained by First London with a new contract commencing in October 2000. Followed a trend that had been fashionable at the time of increasing the frequency by about 30% but converting the route to single deck, although the new Marshall Capital Dennis Darts were not ready for a few months. The Arrows had a nominal capacity of 99 and the Darts 55, which is barely half; the reduction in seating, from 77 to 28, meant that even with the frequency increase, seated capacity was reduced by 52%. Popularity of the service was such that, prior to the conversion, most departures in the peak hours and late afternoon from both Walthamstow and Stratford would be well laden, and huge numbers of passengers were getting left behind once the Darts arrived. Indeed, the conversion was so disastrous that it proved to be the last, and after just 10 months the route reverted to double deck operation, initially achieved by deferring conversion of route 123 to low floor.
When next tendered, route 257 passed to Stagecoach London's Stratford garage, moving to West Ham on 23 February 2008. When tendered again, the route passed to London General's Northumberland Park garage on 13 October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21511067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511067" title="Tommy Purcell">
Tommy Purcell

Tommy Purcell (1921–1949) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Moycarkey-Borris and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1940s. Purcell won a set of All-Ireland and Munster winners' medals at senior level with Tipperary in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="21511094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511094" title="O du eselhafter Peierl (Mozart)">
O du eselhafter Peierl (Mozart)

O du eselhafter Peierl, K. 559a, is a canon composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The music, originally in F major, is set for four singers. The words are probably by Mozart himself.
Origin.
The work was written sometime between 1785 and 1787. On 2 September 1788, Mozart entered it into his personal catalog of works as part of a set of ten canons. Although some of the canons in the set of ten have serious (that is, religious) lyrics, K. 559a was meant for fun, a gesture of mocking, scatological humor directed at a friend of Mozart's, the baritone Johann Nepomuk Peyerl (1761–1800). The canon begins
("Oh, you asinine Peierl; oh you Peierline ass"). Later, the lyrics include "O leck mich doch geschwind im Arsch" ("Oh lick me real quick in the ass (arse)"), a favorite expression in Mozart's scatological works. For further examples and discussion, see this encyclopedia's articles on Mozart's other scatological canons: "Leck mich im Arsch", "Leck mir den Arsch fein recht schön sauber", "Bona nox", and "Difficile lectu (Mozart)"; as well as Mozart and scatology.
"O du eselhafter Peierl" was originally intended to be sung immediately following "Difficile lectu". For the tale of how these two canons originated, see "Difficile lectu (Mozart)".
Revised version.
Mozart later transposed "O du eselhafter Peierl" into G major, in versions that replaced "Peierl" with the names of two other individuals, named Martin and Jakob. There are other minor differences in words and notes.
According to Link (2007), "Martin" was the composer Vicente Martín y Soler. Mozart scholar Alfred Einstein suggested a different hypothesis, that "Martin" was Philipp Jakob Martin, who served as impresario for Mozart's concerts in the Mehlgrube and in the Augarten. The lyrics of the revised canon replace "Nepomuk" (see above) with "Lipperl", a German diminutive form of "Philipp".
Autographs.
The autograph (original manuscript copy) of K. 559a has survived; it is a "tiny slip of paper" (Searle) on the reverse side of which is the original of K. 559. For discussion, see Difficile lectu (Mozart). The later G major version, K. 560, is also preserved and is currently in the Mozarteum in Salzburg.
Reception.
The canon is perhaps the most often performed of Mozart's comic canons; performances have often used bowdlerized versions of the lyrics.
Zaslaw and Cowdury (1990) express admiration for the work, saying "it makes brilliant use of imitative and hocket-like devices" and "possesses the clockwork-like vocal interplay of a well-wrought "opera buffa" ensemble."
External links.
. The preface, in German, discusses the origin of the canon.

</doc>
<doc id="21511103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511103" title="Bellingham High School">
Bellingham High School

Bellingham High School is a public high school in the Bellingham School District located in Bellingham, Washington. The school serves students primarily from the Whatcom Middle School and Kulshan Middle School attendance areas.
History.
Bellingham High School was dedicated on February 25, 1938. It cost $912,028.63 and took 417,026 man hours to build.
The school was closed for two years starting in June 1998 for a massive renovation which involved gutting the entire building and even demolishing some portions. Special care was taken to preserve the art deco facade on the west side of the building.
From its inception the school mascot was the "Red Raider", a Native American chief with a massive war bonnet. In the years leading up to the school's renovation there were several occasions where questions were raised about the cultural appropriateness of such a mascot. When the school re-opened In 2000 after a two year closure the mascot was changed to a bird of prey, but the mascot and team name "Red Raider" remained.
For much of the 2009-2010 school year Bellingham High School housed eighth graders from Whatcom Middle School after their school burnt down on November 5, 2009.
Academics.
Bellingham High School offers a curriculum including Advanced Placement courses and other classes to prepare students for college, as well as offering the Running Start program which allows students to complete their high school diploma and earn college credit by attending Bellingham Technical College and/or Whatcom Community College.
Athletics.
Bellingham, competing in the Washington Interscholastic Activities Association's Northwest Conference, participates in thirteen varsity sports: baseball, basketball, cross country, fastpitch, football, golf, gymnastics, soccer, swimming, tennis, track, volleyball, and wrestling.
Activities.
Bellingham offers students a wide variety of activities and clubs including Band, BAM, Cheerleading, Chess Club, Choir, Color Guard, Dance Team, Debate, DECA, Drama Club, Engineering Club, Environmental Club, FBLA, German Club, Gay/Straight Alliance, Honor Society, IAM, Key Club, Literary Arts Magazine, Math Team, Orchestra, Stage Crew and production, Teen Court, and Yearbook.

</doc>
<doc id="21511104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511104" title="Berezhany Castle">
Berezhany Castle

The Berezhany Castle (, Berezhans'kyi zamok) round which the modern town of Berezhany has sprung up, was built on an island in the Zolota Lypa River in the 1530s and 1540s by Mikołaj Sieniawski as the main residence of the Sieniawski magnate family.
In 1630, the castle's fortifications were expanded. It was so well fortified that neither Khmelnitsky's Cossacks (in 1648 and 1648) nor the Turks (in 1675) succeeded in taking it. In 1655, it was surrendered to the Swedes without a fight. The local Jewish community was made responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the walls in 1667.
After Maria Zofia Sieniawska's marriage to August Aleksander Czartoryski, the castle passed to the Czartoryski family (1726), then to the Princes Lubomirski (1778) and to the Counts Potocki (1816). Those new owners allowed it to fall into such disrepair that in 1908 visitors were cautioned not to enter the castle for fear of being smashed by falling masonry.
The castle was further damaged during the First World War, as was the late Gothic church from 1554 which contains a number of elaborate tombs of the Sieniawskis. The Brzeżany tombs were executed by Jan Pfister and other leading Polish artists of the 16th and 17th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="21511108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511108" title="Sam Smith (footballer, born 1909)">
Sam Smith (footballer, born 1909)

Samuel James "Sam" Smith (7 September 1909 – November 1994) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward. He scored 17 goals in 46 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham, Norwich and Walsall.
Smith was born in Pelsall, then in Staffordshire. He played for Walsall LMS before joining Birmingham in 1930. He scored twice on his debut against local rivals Aston Villa, and finished the 1931–32 season with ten goals from 15 league games, but the following season Bob Gregg regained his place alongside Joe Bradford in attack. Under George Liddell, who took over from Leslie Knighton as manager, Smith played rarely, and in 1934 he followed Knighton to Chelsea. He failed to make the first team at Chelsea, and a year later moved on to Norwich City, but six months produced only one league appearance, so he returned to the Midlands with Walsall in January 1936. At the end of that season he moved into non-league football with Stourbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="21511116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511116" title="Stanisław Chrobak">
Stanisław Chrobak

Stanisław Chrobak (born May 25, 1902, date of death unknown) was a Polish soldier and skier.
Chrobak was born in Zakopane. He was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1924 which was one of two withdrawing to bad weather conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="21511146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511146" title="Kilphedir">
Kilphedir

Kilphedir () is a small remote settlement, which sits in the Strath Ullie valley (known also as Strath of Kildonan) in Helmsdale, Sutherland, east coast of the Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The River Helmsdale flows past Kilphedir following the A897 road.

</doc>
<doc id="21511156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511156" title="European Beer Star">
European Beer Star

The European Beer Star is a beer competition, held in 2013 for the tenth time. Consideration is given to types of beer which have their origins in Europe. All breweries can participate: local, regional, national and worldwide operating breweries, not only from Europe but from all countries. 
Prizes are awarded to the beers which best fulfill the respective type criteria, and whose taste and quality impresses the most. In 2012, more than 1,300 beers were tested, an increase of 23% compared with 2011.
Organizers.
This award has been initiated by the associations Private Brauereien Deutschland, Private Brauereien Bayern and SIB - the association of small and independent breweries of Europe.
Expert Tasting.
The tasting is carried out by an expert jury, of independent beer experts from across the world. The yardstick is not the technical laboratory analysis, but a rating from the consumer's viewpoint of sense and taste. The aim of the blind tasting is to find the beers which best fulfill the type criteria of each category and whose taste as well as quality are the most convincing.
Awards.
In each category, the three best beers are awarded a gold, silver and bronze medal. Less than three prizes will be awarded if there are no three beers which meet the specified quality and category standards.
Consumers' favourites.
Visitors to Brau Beviale, a trade fair for the international beverage industry held in Nuremberg, will have the opportunity to cast their vote which beer they prefer.

</doc>
<doc id="21511162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511162" title="Ništa Ali Logopedi">
Ništa Ali Logopedi

Ništa Ali Logopedi (Serbian Cyrillic: Ништа Али Логопеди; trans. "Nothing But Logopedists") were a Serbian alternative rock band from Šabac.
History.
The band was formed in late 1992 and the first lineup consisted of Miodrag Jovanović "Miško" (vocals), Aleksandar Stanojević (bass guitar), Dragoljub Marković (also known as "BlEQ" or "Dr Dra") (keyboard), Milan Katanić "Skener" (guitar), Dejan Stojanović "Kroka" (drums) and Darko Veljić (accordion). From its initial era, the band had drawn attention of the public with their folk music-oriented accordion sound combined with punk rock and humorous lyrics.
In 1994 the band appeared on the Zaječar Gitarijada Festival and won the Audience Award as the best band. In the meantime they prepared their debut album, recorded in the Do Re Mi studio in Novi Sad, which was released during the following year. "Ad Hoc Klića" ("Ad hoc Clitoris"), available on compact cassette only, was released through L.V.O. records and featured guest appearances by Goblini guitarist Alen Jovanović, who provided backing vocals for the tracks "Svadbarski omaž za 6 osoba" ("A Wedding Homage for 6 Persons") and "Janjine Janjine" ("Ioannina, Ioannina"), promotional videos were recorded for both tracks, and Igor Đorić "Ipi" who played lead guitar on half of the album tracks. The songs "Pigs From Space", "Stao sam na Stone Called Crazy" ("I've Stood on a Stone Called Crazy"), "Janjine, Janjine" and "Jarmush Jim Rap" showed the band's sense of humor with lyrics dealing with pork, wedding ceremonies, an featuring quotations from school literature such as an English language beginners coursebook. 
In 1995, the band appeared on the various artists live compilation "Gruvanje Vol. 1" with the song "Janjine Janjine", recorded live in Belgrade's Dom Omladine. During May 1996 the band toured Slovenia with the bands Svarog, Goblini and Love Hunters, but without Darko Veljić on accordion. Having finished touring, they entered the Akademija studio in Belgrade to record their second album "Vaspostavljanje" ("Restoration"). The album featured many guest appearances including Block Out members, guitarist Nikola Vranjković and vocalist Milutin Jovančić "Mita". The track "Prporuša" featured lyrics of a folk song Vuk Stefanović Karadžić had noted while visiting Lika, and "Tonski zapis" ("Sound Recording"), was recorded in 1996 at their appearance in Ilirska Bistrica. Even though the album recording was finished by September, it was released two years later by ITMM. Promotional videos were recorded for the track "Serbs" as well as for the cover of Idoli song "Plastika" ("Plastics"), renamed to "Metaloplastika".
The album was well acclaimed by the critics, but the media paid insufficient attention to the album release which, beside the departure of the bassist Stanojević to the United States of America, was the reason for Ništa Ali Logopedi to disband in 1998. Accordionist Veljić joined VROOM, and vocalist Jovanović, inspired by his military service during the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, wrote a poetry book entitled "Vi, bedni, odvratni civili" ("You, Disgusting, Pathetic Civilians") published in 2000, and is currently a professor at the Belgrade University Faculty of Law.
In 2006, Živko Ivković wrote the book about the Šabac rock scene entitled "Od Čivija do Goblina" which included a CD compilation featuring the band's song "Serbs". In 2009, a live version of "Janjine, Janjine" appeared on the Multimedia records various artists compilation "Groovanje devedesete uživo".

</doc>
<doc id="21511194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511194" title="How's Your News?">
How's Your News?

"How's Your News?" was an American television series and also a feature film. It aired Sundays on MTV in the United States, and the feature film based on the same concept was released in 2003. It stars a group of reporters with developmental disabilities who interview celebrities and politicians. It is the continuation of a documentary film project started in 1999 by Arthur Bradford at Camp Jabberwocky in Martha's Vineyard, which was made into a movie of the same name and shown on HBO in 2003. "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone serve as the show's executive producers. Season One had a total of 6 episodes.
According to the "How's Your News?" website on April 9, 2009, the show has not been renewed for a second season on MTV, stating:
""The decision had little to do with the quality of the series, which was one of the most enthusiastically received and best reviewed programs on mtv this year. It’s just a tough financial time and mtv needed to keep pushing for higher ratings with other shows. Also, we always knew that our series was an unusual fit for their style of programming. We’re not “The Hills” or “America’s Next Best Dance Crew” after all…"
After completing the feature film for HBO, the concept was pitched to the Trio network, who subsequently backed the short film "On the Campaign Trail", about the How's Your News? teams trip to both the Democratic and Republican conventions in 2004. The half hour film was broadcast on Trio and Channel Four England and featured candid interviews with Hillary Clinton, John McCain, Andre 3000, Ben Affleck, Howard Dean, Michael Moore and Newt Gingrich, amongst others. Although it was rarely seen, this half hour documentary was well reviewed and helped convince MTV of the viability of the concept as mainstream TV series. They funded a pilot in 2006.
Episodes.
Season One
External links.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1264090/

</doc>
<doc id="21511196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511196" title="Typhoon Inday">
Typhoon Inday

The name Inday has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21511198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511198" title="José María Mohedano Fuertes">
José María Mohedano Fuertes

José María Mohedano Fuertes (1948, Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish lawyer and politician who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Mohedano gained a degree in law from the Complutense University of Madrid and also qualified to be a journalist through a church school. He became involved in politics in 1966 and joined the Communist Party of Spain in 1969, remaining a member until 1980. He was the main prosecutor in the case of Yolanda González, a student and member of the Trotskyite Socialist Worker's Party who was assassinated in February 1980 by members of the far right party New Force.
In 1986 he then joined the PSOE and three years later was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia Province and was re-elected at the subsequent election in 1993 although he was forced to leave the PSOE group for a period following controversy surrounding his acceptance of a Jaguar car given to him by a private company. He did not stand at the 1996 General Election and returned to legal work, contributing to the creation of a new penal code.

</doc>
<doc id="21511219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511219" title="Kiley Williams">
Kiley Williams

Kiley Williams was the creator of CMU Connector as a student at Carnegie Mellon University. He also created the website FrontListings.com, along with fellow students Nicholas Bannister and Uday Singh.
Biography.
Williams was a 2004 Virginia State Champion in the 110m and 300m hurdle events.
Kiley was also a 2005 NCAA Division III All-American Track Athlete who ran the starting leg for Carnegie Mellon's 4x400 meter relay team at National Championships at Wartburg College. The team, composed of Kiley Williams, Mark David, Russel Verbofsky and Nik Bonaddio, clocked a school record time of 3:13.18 in trials and went on to place fifth overall following the disqualification of the 2nd and 7th place teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21511235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511235" title="The Devil's Disciple (1987 film)">
The Devil's Disciple (1987 film)

"The Devil's Disciple" is a 1987 television film adaptation of the George Bernard Shaw play of the same title.

</doc>
<doc id="21511240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511240" title="Dover Post">
Dover Post

The Dover Post is a twice-weekly newspaper and online website published in Dover, Delaware.
The parent company of "The Dover Post" is GateHouse Media, a U.S. newspaper publisher, headquartered in Fairport, New York, that publishes 97 dailies in 20 states and 198 paid weeklies, in addition to free papers, shoppers and specialty and niche publications. GateHouse Media bought "The Dover Post" from Jim Flood, Sr. in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21511242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511242" title="Blackburn Sprat">
Blackburn Sprat

The Blackburn T.R.1 Sprat was a British single-engine two-seat biplane trainer, built in 1926 for advanced training, deck-landing and seaplane experience. Just one was built.
Development.
The Sprat was designed to Air Ministry Specification 5/24 for a RAF advanced trainer and Fleet Air Arm deck-landing trainer. It was specified that the aircraft should be readily convertible to a seaplane, again to be used as a trainer. The specification produced contracts for three machines, the Vickers Vendace, the Parnall Perch and the Sprat.
The Sprat, though a smaller aircraft, had strong family resemblances to the earlier Velos torpedo bomber. The Sprat was a staggered, single-bay biplane with equal-span wings that could be folded for carrier stowage. The fuselage centre section was built around a tubular-steel structure which linked the engine mounting and the wooded-framed rear fuselage. The two dual-control open cockpits were both behind the trailing edge of the wing for optimum visibility. Unusually, the instruments were placed on the rear spar of the upper wing centre section, where they could be read from both cockpits. The rudder area was large compared to that of the fin and a braced tailplane was placed at the top of the fuselage.
The main undercarriage was a robust split axle construction with the legs joining the wings at the bottom of the X-form centre-section struts. Braced stub axles carried the arrester claws required by the longitudinal arrester wires of Royal Navy aircraft carriers up to 1926. The undercarriage assembly was designed so it could be easily removed with the aircraft on trestles, and replaced with a pair of aluminium single-step, V-bottomed round-topped floats. These carried water rudders for manoeuvring afloat.
The Sprat was powered by a water-cooled 275 hp (210 kW) Rolls-Royce Falcon III engine with a nose radiator, driving a four-bladed wooden propeller. As on the Velos, the upper engine cowling dropped smoothly away from the upper wing leading edge.
Operational history.
The Sprat first flew at Blackburn's works at Brough Aerodrome, then went to Martlesham Heath for comparative trial with the other two contenders. In the end, though the Vendace was selected as the best aircraft for the specification, no orders were placed with any manufacturer because of economy cuts. The Sprat last appeared in public at the Hendon RAF display in July 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="21511244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511244" title="PacketProtector">
PacketProtector

PacketProtector was an OpenWrt-fork with a focus on security tools. Additional added packages included
These tools were accessible via the old web GUI management interface of OpenWrt, called X-Wrt or webif^2.
This project is closed on 07/11/12.

</doc>
<doc id="21511247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511247" title="Enséñame a cantar">
Enséñame a cantar

"Enséñame a cantar" (, ) was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in Spanish by Micky.
The song is an up-tempo number in which the banjo plays an important part; Micky sings about how he one day goes for a walk and how he finds a girl playing the instrument and singing on his doorstep. She sees that he has something on his mind and promises to ""teach him to play and sing"" to help him forget his sorrows. Micky also recorded the song in French and German, as "Apprends-moi à chanter" (translated: "Teach Me to Sing") and "Ich singe la, la, la" ("I Sing La, La, La") respectively.
The song was performed 14th on the night, following Sweden's Forbes with "Beatles and preceding Italy's Mia Martini "Libera". At the close of voting, it had received 52 points, placing 9th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1978 Contest by José Velez with "Bailemos un vals".

</doc>
<doc id="21511253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511253" title="Stanisław Kądziołka">
Stanisław Kądziołka

Stanisław Kądziołka (January 22, 1902 – November 8, 1971) was a Polish soldier and skier.
Kądziołka was born in Zakopane. He was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1924 which was one of two withdrawing to bad weather conditions.He died in his hometown.

</doc>
<doc id="21511257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511257" title="Typhoon Florita">
Typhoon Florita

The name Florita has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21511267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511267" title="Shel Trapp">
Shel Trapp

Shel Trapp (1935 - October 18, 2010) was a community organizer based in Chicago, co-founder of National People's Action (along with Gale Cincotta), and author of several books and pamphlets on community organizing. Trapp and Cincotta are widely credited with writing the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). Trapp has also been responsible for training hundreds of community organizers throughout the United States through the National Training and Information Center. He retired in 2000 and died of pneumonia in October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21511275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511275" title="List of Slipknot concert tours">
List of Slipknot concert tours

Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa, formed in 1995. The band's first concert tour was of the United States with the 1999 Ozzfest, a festival founded in 1996 featuring live performances by heavy metal bands. After the Livin la Vida Loco tour, the band embarked in November 1999 on its first international circuit, the World Domination Tour. After being on the road for a year through North America, Europe, Japan, and Australia, the band briefly attended Tattoo the Earth, during which the band recorded the performance at Dynamo Open Air and later released it as part of the film "10 Years of Life Death Love Hate Pain Scars Victory War Blood and Destruction".
Slipknot's first headlining world tour was launched in May 2001, in support of its second studio album, "Iowa". The band toured for almost 15 months, and included a performance at the London Arena which was filmed for "Disasterpieces", as well as the 2001 Ozzfest. 
The next world tour, The Subliminal Verses World Tour, lasted over 20 months and had over 230 concerts. The tour also brought about Slipknot's first official live album, "". During the tour, the band performed the song "Purity," which was taken off the 1999 debut album due to copyright infringement. Slipknot performed songs that are rarely played live, such as "Iowa" and "Get This", as well as the first live performance of "Skin Ticket".
The All Hope Is Gone World Tour came after the release of the fourth studio album, "All Hope Is Gone", in 2008. The band toured in Israel, Luxembourg and several other countries where it had never performed in before. During the tour, the drummer Joey Jordison and the DJ Sid Wilson broke an ankle, and both ankles respectively. Most of Slipknot's concerts were performed with the following band members: Sid Wilson, Joey Jordison, Paul Gray, Chris Fehn, Jim Root, Craig Jones, Shawn Crahan, Mick Thomson, and Corey Taylor. However, some shows were performed a few members short, usually due to injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="21511280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511280" title="Slaves of the World">
Slaves of the World

Slaves of the World is the seventh studio album by Norwegian black metal band Old Man's Child. The album was released May 18 in Europe and May 19 in North America via Century Media Records. The album was recorded in the fall of 2008 at Studio Fredman in Gothenburg, Sweden, with producer Fredrik Nordström. All instruments were recorded by Galder with the exception of drums, which were manned by Peter Wildoer (Darkane).

</doc>
<doc id="21511283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511283" title="Trichoniscus">
Trichoniscus

Trichoniscus is a genus of woodlice. It contains over 100 species, including the common pygmy woodlouse, "Trichoniscus pusillus":

</doc>
<doc id="21511284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511284" title="It's Blitz!">
It's Blitz!

"It's Blitz!" is the third studio album by American indie rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs, released on March 9, 2009 by Interscope Records. It was originally set for release on April 13, 2009, however after being leaked to the Internet on February 22, the release date was pushed forward to March 9 for the digital version and March 31 for the physical version. The rest of the world release date was on April 6, 2009. The first single "Zero" was released on February 24, 2009. The album was produced by Nick Launay (Nick Cave, Arcade Fire, Talking Heads, PiL), along with TV on the Radio's David Andrew Sitek.
The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album on December 2, 2009.
Recording.
According to Nick Launay, one of the two producers, the recording of the album was unusual for being largely written and created in the studio at a time when record labels have cut back considerably on production budgets. The few songs the band did take along to the first sessions were later altered significantly. Launay described a typical session as follows:
"Brian would play lots of different drumbeats and we'd record it, chop it up and then make a groove loop out of it. Nick [Zinner would then just jam to it, and we'd come up with an interesting rhythm part. Karen would listen to that and come up with a vocal melody and then suddenly everything would fall into place."
The album sessions took place over several months in 2008, during which time there were numerous breaks "to get inspired".
Critical reception.
"It's Blitz!" received universal acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 82, based on 36 reviews. "The Guardian"s Caroline Sullivan commended the band's more dance-oriented sound, writing their "glittery new disco sound suits them very well. It's all cool, brittle catchiness, with a debt owed to Eat to the Beat-era Blondie". Emily Mackay of "NME" wrote that ""It's Blitz!"s heartfelt love letter to the transcendent possibilities of the dancefloor is an unexpectedly emphatic reassertion of why Yeah Yeah Yeahs are one of the most exciting bands of this decade", while "Spin"s Charles Aaron said that it is "the alternative pop album of the decade—one that imbues The Killers' "Hot Fuss" and MGMT's "Oracular Spectacular" with a remarkable emotional depth and finesse". Later that year, "Spin" would place the album second on their best albums of 2009 list. Theon Weber of "The Village Voice" said that Karen O "isn't revealed to us through the record's lyrics, which are as gnomic as ever, but through attitudes, tones, put-on sneers, and audible grins." "Mojo" gave it a score of four stars out of five and wrote that the band has "managed to mix the human and the electronic, the emotional and the artsy, the fashion-forward and the oddly retro."
"Blender" also gave the album four stars out of five and hailed it as "the sound of a band reborn with new momentum, and on an album that requires dancing, the message is clear: It doesn't matter where you came from. Just keep moving." "Clash" commented that the trio had achieved growth without distancing themselves from what made their name: "The album proves that they can provide epic music with personal themes, that YYYs can expand without losing what made us fall for them in the first place". Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" wrote that the band "grapple with separation and need, using dance beats to suggest the compulsive pleasure seeking that tries to drown out loneliness", and he commended their musical direction, stating "The band is echoing the evolution of postpunk, from dogmatic austerity to technologically assisted". "Uncut"s April Long gave it a score of four stars out of five and praised its "spirit of experimentation", stating "What unifies them is a warm romanticism that runs throughout, edging out Karen’s blatant eroticism of yore – even though there are more come-downs than come-ons, every song seems to glow from within".
Accolades.
"It's Blitz!" was ranked as the second best album of the year by "Spin", third by "NME" and twelfth by "Pitchfork" and Rhapsody. Both NME and Spin also listed the song "Zero" as the best of the year.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "It's Blitz!".

</doc>
<doc id="21511313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511313" title="Will Bragg">
Will Bragg

William David Bragg (born 24 October 1986, Newport, Monmouthshire, Wales) is a professional cricketer for Glamorgan County Cricket Club. He first came to prominence scoring an unbeaten 115 in Glamorgan's pre season tour of South Africa in 2007. He is a top order batsman for Glamorgan often batting at number 3, although Mark Cosgrove dislodged him from this spot for a little time. Despite his 45 first class matches, he has only managed 1 century against Leicestershire in 2011. He is also a wicket-keeper. He was educated at Rougemont School. 
Career best performances.
"as of 7 October 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="21511323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511323" title="Sugar nips">
Sugar nips

Sugar nips are a large pair of pliers with sharp blades, designed to cut raw sugar. Before the introduction of granulated and cube sugars in the second half of the 19th century, the domestic consumer purchased sugar in the form of a sugarloaf, or at least a part of one, and pieces were cut from it by hand using sugar nips. Greater leverage and improved safety was provided by heavier sugar nips set in a wooden base for counter and table-top use.
There was also an all-in-one version; a box that could serve as container for the sugarloaf with built-in pliers and collector drawer for fine-grained residues from the sugar cutting.

</doc>
<doc id="21511336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511336" title="Pretty Girl Special Edition">
Pretty Girl Special Edition

Pretty Girl Special Edition, also known as Honey, is an EP by K-pop girl group Kara. It was released on online music sites on February 12, 2009, with a physical release on February 18, 2009. It became the group's first #1 single on March 5, 2009, when it topped the M.Net "M Countdown" chart show.
Background.
In contrast to "Pretty Girl"'s cute and lively concept, "Honey" is a song that is more wistful and features the members of Kara as soft, feminine women.
History.
At the end of January 2009, DSP Entertainment announced that fans would be able to vote on Kara's follow-up single, starting on January 28, at Kara's official website, ending on February 2. By the deadline of February 2, "Honey" was the clear winner, with 60% of the votes. A repackaged mini-album was scheduled to be released on February 19, but was then moved up a day to February 18. The new EP features "Honey", various remixes of "Pretty Girl", and "Goodday Season 2", a song that was initially only given a digital release.
The song was remixed from the original version, and also underwent a slight name change from "" ("Ha-ni") to "Honey".
Promotion.
The group debuted the song on KBS's "Music Bank" program on February 13, 2009.
Music video.
Kara filmed the music video for "Honey" on February 10. The music video was to be released on February 17 but was moved up a day to February 16.The music video features the girls in pure angelic dresses sitting at home.
Charts and performance.
Kara member Han Seung-yeon noted that "Honey" climbed the charts much faster than "Pretty Girl" did, while Goo Hara stated that the song appealed to an older age group. On music portal M.Net, the song leaped to #2, behind Girls' Generation's "Gee," which has topped the chart for 7 weeks. After a few weeks, the song achieved its first #1 on M.Net's "M Countdown" show on March 5, 2009, beating out "Gee" by two points. The song also won the "Mutizen" ("music netizen") award on SBS's Inkigayo (""Popular Songs"") program.

</doc>
<doc id="21511349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511349" title="Ryan Couture">
Ryan Couture

Ryan Couture (born August 27, 1982) is an American professional mixed martial artist. He is the son of UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture.
Biography.
Couture grew up in Woodinville, Washington and attended Woodinville High School. During his senior year, Couture placed third in the Washington State 4A wrestling championship. Couture attended Western Washington University from 2000 until 2004 and graduated with a degree in mathematics. Before he began pursuing an MMA career, Couture worked at a bank.
Mixed martial arts career.
Couture currently lives in Las Vegas, Nevada and trains at the Xtreme Couture gym.
Couture began fighting in 2009 and compiled a 5-1-1 record as an amateur.
Strikeforce.
He made his professional debut at on August 13, 2010. He debuted in the Strikeforce promotion's lightweight division, defeating Lucas Stark via triangle choke in the first round.
Couture was scheduled to fight Juan Zapata on November 19, 2010, however he was forced to withdraw because of a staph infection.
Couture fought at Strikeforce Challengers: Beerbohm vs. Healy against Lee Higgins and won the bout via rear-naked choke in the 3rd round. The victory over Higgins upped Couture's professional record to 2-0, with both fights coming under the Strikeforce banner.
In his next fight, Couture faced Matt Ricehouse at Strikeforce Challengers: Fodor vs. Terry. He lost via unanimous decision.
Couture rebounded from the first loss of his career when he defeated Maka Watson via majority decision at Strikeforce Challengers: Larkin vs. Rossborough.
Couture next faced Conor Heun at on March 3, 2012. He defeated Heun by TKO at 2:52 in the third round.
In his sixth Strikeforce appearance, Couture faced Joe Duarte on July 14, 2012 at . He won the fight via split decision.
Having spent his entire professional career in the Strikeforce promotion, Couture was featured on their final show as he faced K.J. Noons at on January 12, 2013. Despite being outstruck by Noons in each round, Couture was awarded a split decision victory.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Following a signing of Randy Couture to Bellator as an on-screen, non-fighting personality, UFC President Dana White was questioned about what type of relationship Ryan now had with the UFC, as Dana was quite upset at a perceived betrayal by Randy Couture. White made it clear that Ryan is welcome in the UFC and he will not be punished for his father's relationship with Dana White. However, White did state that Randy will not be allowed to corner his son at UFC events.
In his UFC debut, Couture faced Ross Pearson on April 6, 2013 at UFC on Fuel TV 9. Couture lost the bout via TKO in the second round.
Couture was expected to face Quinn Mulhern in a lightweight bout on August 31, 2013 at UFC 164. However, Mulhern pulled out of the bout in mid-July citing an injury and was replaced by Al Iaquinta. He lost the bout via unanimous decision. After back to back losses he was released from the UFC.
Independent promotions.
Couture returned to the cage on the smaller circuit and defeated Kyle Sjafiroeddin by rear naked choke in the first round on 18 January, 2014 at Battlegrounds MMA 3.

</doc>
<doc id="21511361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511361" title="The Bowery (song)">
The Bowery (song)

'The Bowery' is a song from the musical "A Trip to Chinatown" with music by Percy Gaunt and lyrics by Charles H. Hoyt. The musical toured the country for several years and then opened on Broadway in 1891.
Description.
The song is written in 3/4 time in a major key. The lyrics describe an incident in New York City and have nothing to do with the plot, a story set in San Francisco. They consist of six verses interspersed with the chorus, which ends with the vow:
The Bowery, the Bowery,
I'll never go there anymore!
Although the Bowery neighbourhood of New York City where theater life flourished from about 1860 to 1875, by the 1880s it had become a sordid district. The experience of the singer is described in part by the Village Voice newspaper:
He's singer buttonholed by a grifter and conned by a shopkeeper before entering "a concert hall," where he starts a row because he thinks "A New Coon in Town" is directed at him. Bye-bye rube: "A man called a bouncer attended to me./I'll never go there any more."

</doc>
<doc id="21511371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511371" title="Typhoon Basyang">
Typhoon Basyang

The name Basyang has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21511374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511374" title="Massillon Tigers">
Massillon Tigers

The Massillon Tigers were an early professional football team from Massillon, Ohio. Playing in the "Ohio League", the team was a rival to the pre-National Football League version of the Canton Bulldogs. The Tigers won Ohio League championships in 1903, 1904, 1905, and 1906, then merged to become "All-Massillons" to win another title in 1907. The team returned as the Tigers in 1915 but, with the reemergence of the Bulldogs, only won one more Ohio League title. Pro football was popularized in Ohio when the amateur Massillon Tigers, hired four Pittsburgh pros to play in the season-ending game against Akron. At the same time, pro football declined in the Pittsburgh area, and the emphasis on the pro game moved west from Pennsylvania to Ohio.
The team opted not to join the APFA (later renamed the NFL) in 1920; it remained an independent club through 1923, when the Tigers folded. During their time as an independent, the Tigers never played against any team in the NFL, even though several other independent teams did. The Massillon Tigers team name was transferred to Massillon Washington High School, who still uses it today.
History.
Origins.
The Massillon area had fielded several amateur football teams featuring only local players since the early 1890s. However while some had performed well, the others were more likely to be defeated when they played their cross-county arch-rival, Canton. Therefore a group of 35 area businessmen met on September 3, 1903, at the Hotel Sailor in Massillon to form the area's first professional football team. Jack Goodrich, who expected to play halfback for the new team, was named manager. Meanwhile Ed J. Stewart, a young and ambitious editor of the city newspaper "The Evening Independent", was named as the team's first coach. Stewart had playing experience while attending Western Reserve College and Mount Union College. Apart from being the team's coach, he later appointed himself as the team's quarterback.
Name origin.
J.J. Wise, who was the Massillon Clerk of City Council, led a committee to secure the necessary funds for a new football and jerseys that were nearly the same color. The local venders only had a sufficient quantity of one jersey style to outfit an entire team. Those jerseys imitated the orange and black striped attire of the Princeton Tigers. So the new Massillon team was christened the "Tigers."
1900s.
Inaugural season.
When the Tigers began play in 1903, several of the expected starters hadn't touched a football in eight or more years. According to locals belief, Baldy Wittman, 32-year-old proprietor of a local cigar store and a spare-time police officer, had never played the game at all. Charles "Cy" Rigler, who later became a famous major league baseball umpire started at tackle. Wittman opened at an end and was elected the team captain. Meanwhile Stewart lined himself up at quarterback. The Tigers first game against Wooster College ended in a 6-0 defeat. A biased official was the excuse for the loss. The Tigers followed their first ever game with a 16-0 victory over Stewart's alma mater, Mount Union College, a 6-0 victory over the Akron Imperials, and a 38-0 over the Akron Blues. After a 34-0 victory over the Dennison Panhandles, the Tigers prepared for their cross-county rivals, a sandlot team from Canton. Betting on the games, during the early 1900s was common. It is believed that over $1000 was risked on the game's outcome. The Tigers held on to a 16-0 score to win the first game between the two clubs.
After the Canton-Massillon game, the Tigers began to look at winning the mythical "Ohio League" championship. On Thanksgiving Day 1903, the Tigers avenged their only loss of the season against Wooster College with a 34-0 score. This outcome gave legitimacy to the belief that the Tigers were robbed by a corrupt official in their inaugural game. On December 5, an agreement was signed by Massillon and the Akron East Ends to play. The contract called for a 75-25 split of the gate, with the winner taking the 75% of the gate. However Massillon soon found itself in a troubling situation due to injuries to several of their star players. The team's management decided to replace the injured players with "ringers". Several pro football players from the Pittsburgh area soon traveled to Ohio to play for Massillon. Among them was Bob Shiring and Harry McChesney, who played in 1902 with the Pittsburgh Stars of the first National Football League. These player developments did not sit well with the Akron media, most notably the "Akron Beacon-Journal". Massillon would go on to the win the championship game 12-0, however the "Akron Beacon-Journal" later stated that most of Massillon's 75% gate money went to the Pittsburgh ringers. Plans were soon in the mix for spending $1,000 on a 1904 Tigers team.
1904.
In 1904 the Tigers repeated as Ohio League champions. It was during this time that a least seven teams in Ohio began hiring players for games. Most of these "ringers" were from Pittsburgh. Many players were hired on a per game basis and were never signed to any written contract. Ted Nesser, of the infamous Nesser Brothers, played for the Shelby Blues until he was hired to play one game for the Tigers. For the next two season he remained in the Tigers lineup. However after the Tigers began the 1904 season, many Massillonians were bored with the ease of the Tigers' wins, even at this early stage. That season the Tigers defeated a club from Marion 148-0. Also keep in mind that a touchdown counted only five points until 1912. However under the rules of the time, the team that scored turned around and received the next kickoff (traditionally, onside kicks were far more commonplace—and easier—at this time, but Marion chose not to use them for reasons unexplained). During the game a Massillon end named Walt Roepke ran a punt back for a touchdown. Marion never got another chance to handle the ball, as Massillon took kickoff after kickoff and moved down the field to touchdown after touchdown.
The Tigers defeated the Akron East Ends again (now renamed the Akron Athletic Club) 6-5 after Akron's Joe Fogg missed an extra point kick on the last play of the game.
Bulldogs-Tigers rivalry: 1905-1906.
By 1905 the Tigers were considered one of the top three teams in the country, along with the Latrobe Athletic Association and the Canton Bulldogs. Both teams were constantly fighting for the best players in football. In fact the Bulldogs, or Canton Athletic Club as it was called at the time, formed their football team in 1905 with sole objective of beating the Tigers, who had won every Ohio League championship since 1903.
1905 championship.
Both teams spent lavish amounts of money to bring in ringers from out of town. The teams first played each other twice in 1905, with Massillon winning the first game 14-4. The second game saw a 10-0 Massillon win, however the win drew protests from Canton coach Blondy Wallace, who argued against a 10-ounce ball used by Massillon during the game, instead of the regular 16-ounce ball. The 10-ounce ball was provided to the Tigers by their owner, a Massillon newspaper editor. The protest fell on deaf ears, and Massillon was named the 1905 Ohio League champions.
1906 financial charges.
In the off-season prior to the 1906 season, a news story in "The Plain Dealer" alleged that the Canton Athletic Club was financially broke and could not pay its players for that final game. The club denied the allegation and insisted that every dollar promised had indeed been delivered. Many Canton followers believed the story had originated in Massillon as a trick to discredit their team and make it tougher for Canton to recruit players for 1906. Massillon coach, Ed Stewart, who had newspaper connections was believed by Canton to have planted the story. However, while Canton was in fact losing money in 1905, a group of area businessmen shouldered the losses.
In a counter-charge, Canton insisted that the Tigers were also deeply in debt. However, a statement by the Tigers showed $16,037.90 in receipts and only $16,015.65 in expenditures. The only problem with Massillon's figures was that they only listed salaries, including railroad fare, at $6,740.95, which means the players were getting only about $50 per game. However, it is believed, like with Canton, that Massillon's area boosters picked up whatever losses the Tigers accured during 1905.
Recruitment.
For the 1906 season, Canton coach Wallace signed the entire backfield of the Tigers to the Canton team. While in Massillion, Ed Stewart was promoted from head coach to manager. Sherburn Wightman, who played under Amos Alonzo Stagg at the University of Chicago, was then named the team's new coach.
1906 scandal.
In 1906, the Bulldogs and Tigers were involved in a game-rigging scandal that effectively killed both teams. It was the first major scandal in professional football, and the first known case of professional gamblers attempting to fix a professional sport. The "Massillon Independent" newspaper alleged that the Bulldogs coach, Blondy Wallace, and Tigers end, Walter East, had conspired to fix a two game series between the two clubs. The conspiracy called for Canton to win the first game and Massillon to win the second, forcing a third game, which would have the largest gate. That game would be played legitimately, with the 1906 Ohio League championship at stake. 
Canton denied the charges, maintaining that Massillon only wanted to damage the club's reputation. Although Massillon could not prove that Canton had indeed thrown the second game, the scandal tarnished the Bulldog and Tiger names and helped ruin professional football in Ohio until the mid 1910s. To this day the details of the scandal consist only of charges and counter-charges.
"All-Massillons".
A reorganized "All-Massillons" played in 1907, after which professional football in Massillon effectively stopped. The team was made up of many of the former Tigers players and was managed by Sherburn Wightman. The team defeated the Columbus Panhandles, with the Nesser Brothers in the line-up, 13-4, and celebrated its fifth consecutive state championship. Because of the game's importance, Massillon brought in two ringers, Peggy Parratt and Bob Shiring.
In 1911 a Canton-Massillon game was hyped beforehand as a return to 1905-06. However, after seeing the 57-0 Canton victory, it became apparent that this Massillon team bore little resemblance to the Tiger teams of the past, although the lineup did include Tiger greats Baldy Wittmann and Frank Bast.
Resurrection.
Dispute with Cusack.
During the summer of 1914, members of the Massillon Chamber of Commerce asked Jack Cusack, the manager of the re-organized Canton Bulldogs, to attend a secret meeting to discuss a proposed new Massillon Tigers football team. Cusack believed that a game against a strong Massillon team and a restart of the historic Canton-Massillon rivalry was bound to bring in fans to Canton. However in order to get the team fielded, Massillon planned to raid the Akron Indians roster of its key players. Because of this, Cusack refused to help Massillon restart their club. In 1914, an unwritten agreement existed among Ohio League managers that refrained them from raiding other teams. Also a raid of players would start a bidding war, raise players' salaries for all teams, and destroy the fragile profit margin already established. Cusack refused to provide a Canton-Massillon game if players from the Indians were raided. Plans for a new "Tigers" were put on hold until 1915.
New Tigers.
1915.
The Tigers returned to the Ohio League in 1915. They were backed by local businessmen, Jack Donahue and Jack Whalen. Massillon did end up raiding the Indians team of their top players. In turn Cusack took in the Akron players, and raided the Youngstown Patricians, hoping to improve his team. Massillon hired new ringers for a new bidding war with Canton, however Cusack signed the legendary Jim Thorpe to his squad. The Tigers ended their 1915 season with a share of the 1915 championship with Canton. Both teams finished the season 5-2-0. One anonymous Massillon official revealed it had taken between $1,500 and $2,000 to bring in the Tigers lineup that opposed Canton in the final game, which included three players from Muhlenberg College, who had their college eligibility stripped when they were discovered. This would be Massillon's last "Ohio League" title, and a disputed one at that—the very Patricians squad that the Tigers had raided earlier in the season had racked up an even more impressive 9-0-1 record against lesser talent, including a win against the Washington Vigilants, one of the East Coast's top professional teams, leading many observers to give Youngstown the title instead.
1916.
The Tigers rebirth, saw the team incorporate many of the top players of the era. For example Knute Rockne, Charles Brickley, Gus Dorais, Bob Nash, Stan Cofall, and, future Hall of Famer, Greasy Neale. The 1916 season saw the Tigers end up in second place of the "Ohio League" standings behind the Canton Bulldogs. However despite record crowds for two Bulldog-Tigers match-ups, Massillon lost money on the season, while Canton barely made a profit. Most of the Midwestern major teams were running into debt. Since every player knew Jim Thorpe was being paid $250 a game, many players of considerably less talent were holding out for $100 or $125 a game. Team managers had to produce stars to draw crowds, but the crowds could never be big enough to pay for the stars. Teams desperately needed something like the old "Ohio League" sub-rosa agreement where the managers agreed to not raid other team rosters. Only that sort of agreement could hold salaries at a responsible level.
1917.
In 1917, Bob Nash promised an "Ohio League" championship to the fans in Massillon. In doing so he put together an offensive line that included Charlie Copley at tackle and Al Wesbecher at center. However after storming out to a 4-0 start, the Tigers were defeated by Stan Cofall and the Youngstown Patricians 14-6. However later that season Cofall and Bob Peck decided to play for Massillon which prematurely ended the Pats 1917 campaign. However despite their winning seasons and star talent, Massillon was still losing money. One reason for the disparity is that Massillon was smaller than Canton, meaning it had a smaller fan base to support its football team. The Tigers had highly devoted following, however they weren't enough of them. Also the city lacked a decent ballpark. as a result many of the Tigers' biggest home games were undersold. The only way to make the Tigers profitable was to use Peggy Parratt's old Akron scheme of bringing in just enough high-priced stars to win. Even then, the Tigers would have probably operated at a loss, but one small enough that it could be made up for by the team's backers. However Massillon did upset the Bulldogs in their second game of the season series 6-0, behind two field goals kicked by Cofall. But despite the upset, Canton was regarded as the U.S. champion; Massillon couldn't make a serious claim. The Tigers had lost their first game with the Bulldogs by a larger margin and dropped two other games to lesser opponents. It had not been a good season for Massillon. They lost three games on the field, and their backers dropped $4,700 at the gate. After the season, a "Cleveland critic" chose an all-pro team from among the four major northeastern Ohio teams. The Massillon players listed on the all-pr listing were Bob Nash, Bob Peck, Pike Johnson, Charley Copley, and Stan Cofall. One of the teams Massillon would play (and defeat soundly) in 1917 was the Buffalo All-Stars, who would later join the NFL as the Buffalo All-Americans in 1917.
The team suspended operations in 1918 due to a flu pandemic and the Great War, but returned in 1919.
1919.
Many of the top teams of the "Ohio League" returned to action in 1919. At a meeting on July 14, 1919, the managers held a "get-together" at Canton's Courtland Hotel. The managers decided on a pay scale for officials and agreed to refrain from stealing each other's players for the upcoming season. However the big surprise came when Massillon backer Jack Donahue refused to go along with a proposal to limit salaries. Massillon had trouble with the increasing cost of players and would profit more by a salary cap than anyone else. Donahue insisted, "If a manager wants to pay $10,000 for a player, that's his business."
The Tigers were set to begin their 1919 season in New York City against the New York Brickley Giants, organized by the same Charles Brickley that had played for Massillon in 1917. However due to a dispute over the application of New York's blue laws, that prohibited playing football on Sundays, Brickley's Giants were forced to fold. (The Giants team would however regroup and play in the National Football League in 1921 and as an independent until 1923; a second, unrelated New York Giants would join the league for 1925 and this is the New York Giants team that is in the NFL today.) The Tigers did play well in 1919, however once again they came in second to Canton in the "Ohio League" standings. The team's backers then decided to fold the team after losing over $5,000 during the season. Stan Cofall also abandoned the Tigers after the season. He and many of the now former-Tigers players left to play for the Cleveland Tigers.
Formation of the NFL.
Attempts to restart the Tigers.
During the August 20, 1920 the first meeting aimed at establishing the American Professional Football Association (renamed the National Football League in 1922), there was hope that F.J. Griffiths, of the Massillon steel industry, would resurrect the franchise, but the meeting passed with no word from Griffiths. During late August and early September of that same year, Ralph Hay and Jim Thorpe tried without success to find a backer for a new Massillon team. While the Tigers consistently lost money for themselves, they were always a good draw for others. In fact it was a strong rivalry with Massillion that helped lead Jim Thorpe to Canton. Cupid Black, an All-America guard from Yale, was also rumored to restart the Tigers franchise, however he later turned down the offer.
Vernon Maginnis issue.
On September 17, 1920 at Ralph Hay's Hupmobile dealership in Canton, the charter members of the future NFL formally established the new league. During that meeting, the first order of business was to decided the future of the Massillon franchise. It was then that the managers were confronted by Vernon Maginnis, the manager of the unsuccessful Akron Indians in 1919, who wanted to field a traveling team and call it the "Massillon Tigers". Hay and the other managers turned down the offer because they didn't feel the franchise would pan out and because nobody wanted to see the proud Massillon Tigers name taken in vain and made a road attraction. The current Akron owners, now renamed the Pros, Art Ranney and Frank Nied were also associated with Maginnis during his ownership of the team in 1919, and had many problems with him during that season.
Maginnis' representative was not admitted to the meeting, however the Massillon Tigers were counted as present at the charter meeting of the NFL. Hay, who'd tried to get a real Massillon team restarted, considered himself as their spokesman. Once the meeting started, he stood up and announced that Massillon was withdrawing from professional football for the season of 1920. And to resure that Maginnis wouldn't try to reestablish a Massillon "franchise", Hay told the American Professional Football Association managers: "Do not schedule any `other' Massillon team".
Charter NFL member?
The 10 teams represented at the September 17 meeting are considered charter members of the AFPA, and, by extension, of the National Football league. Massillon is usually counted on a technicality. The team, under Hay, were there, they just never played in the new league.

</doc>
<doc id="21511379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511379" title="Kensaleyre">
Kensaleyre

Kensaleyre () is scattered crofting township, part of a group of settlements clustered around the A87 road on the shore of Loch Snizort Beag on the Trotternish peninsula of the island of Skye in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. It is in the council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="21511397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511397" title="Alles wird gut">
Alles wird gut

"Alles wird gut" ("All will be well") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the first single and the second track from the album "Auf dem Kreuzzug ins Glück". The cover of the single is based on a detail from the painting "The Crucifixion" by Peter Paul Rubens.
The song is about going to the new millennium depicting it intimidating, but promising, with irony though. The fact, that pieces of Berlin Wall (torn down in 1989) became popular souvenirs is referenced in the line "Mit einem Stein in der Hand als Souvenir von der Mauer in Berlin/Klopfen wir an die Hintertür vom neuen Paradies" ("With a stone in the hand as a souvenir from the wall in Berlin/We're knocking on the backdoor of the new paradise").
There is also an English version of the song on "Love, Peace & Money", titled "Year 2000".
Music video.
The video was directed by Walter Knofel and is officially unreleased. The band performs in a rocky place, wearing Middle Age-fashion clothes.

</doc>
<doc id="21511400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511400" title="St Radegund (pub)">
St Radegund (pub)

The St Radegund public house, in King Street, Cambridge, England, is a notable English pub. The pub is named for St Radegund, a Frankish saint associated with the nearby Jesus College.
It is the home to the Cantabrigensis Hash House Harriers, a successful rowing club, famous cricket team and is the start/finish venue on the legendary King Street Run. All of these activities and more were encouraged (and in the case of the cricket team, started) by Terry Kavanagh (1937-2012), who was landlord between 1992 and 2009.
In 2008, the saga of the 2003 St Radegund Cricket Tour to Croatia, "The Ascent of Mount Hum", was published, to critical acclaim.
Renowned as the smallest pub in Cambridge, the St Radegund serves beers from the local Milton Brewery, Fullers, and Czech Budweiser Budvar. Friday night is Vera Lynn Appreciation Society night when large gin and tonics are served to the sounds of the wartime forces sweetheart.
Like The Eagle, on Bene't Street, the pub ceiling has been adorned with the candle signatures of locals and notable guests.
In 2007, it was pointed out that the pub sign depicted the arms of the Austrian municipality, Sankt Radegund bei Graz rather than the Saint herself. A local artist was commissioned to correct the mistake and the story attracted media comment.
In 2010, the new landlord, James Hoskins, reverted to a design incorporating the former (incorrect) arms. He is currently carrying out a programme of refurbishment and redecoration of the premises.

</doc>
<doc id="21511421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511421" title="Un Jour Parfait">
Un Jour Parfait

Un Jour Parfait is the second solo album by The Stranglers' bassist J.J. Burnel. Released in 1988, all songs were written in French except "Garden of Eden". In a 1992 interview, JJ Burnel explained: "with this I wanted to do something with French sounds and sensibilities".

</doc>
<doc id="21511427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511427" title="History of Chesapeake">
History of Chesapeake

In 1963, the new independent city of Chesapeake was created when the former independent city of South Norfolk consolidated with Norfolk County. The consolidation, authorized by the Virginia General Assembly, was approved and the new name selected by the voters of each communities by referendum. The new city is part of the current region of Hampton Roads which are linked by the circumferential Hampton Roads Beltway.
Formed in 1691 in the Virginia Colony, Norfolk County had originally included essentially all the area which became the towns and later cities of Norfolk, Portsmouth, and South Norfolk, but had seen its area frequently reduced as these cities added territory through annexations after 1871. Becoming an independent city was a method for the former county to stabilize borders with neighbors, as cities could not annex territory from each other.
The relatively small City of South Norfolk had become an incorporated town within Norfolk County in 1919, and became an independent city in 1922. It was also motivated to make a change which would put it on a more equal footing in other aspects with the much larger cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth. By the late 1950s, although immune from annexation by the bigger cities, the most recent suit by the City of Norfolk against Norfolk County would have taken all of the county land adjoining South Norfolk.
The changes which created Chesapeake were part of a wave of changes in the structure of local government in southeastern Virginia which took place between 1952 and 1976.
Chesapeake's history goes far back into Virginia's colonial roots. The Intracoastal Waterway passes through Chesapeake. On the waterway, at Great Bridge where the locks transition from the Southern Branch of the Elizabeth River to the Chesapeake and Albemarle Canal lies the site of the Battle of Great Bridge. This American Revolutionary War battle was responsible for removing Lord Dunmore and any other vestige of English Government for the Colony of Virginia during the early days of the American Revolution on December 9, 1775.
The Dismal Swamp Canal runs through Chesapeake as well. The site of this canal was surveyed by George Washington, among others, and is known as "Washington's Ditch." It is the oldest continuously used man made canal in the United States today and has been in service for over 230 years. The canal begins in the Deep Creek section of the city branching off from the Southern Branch of the Elizabeth River. The canal runs through Chesapeake paralleling U.S. Highway 17 into North Carolina and connects to Elizabeth City, North Carolina.
Until the late 1980s and early 1990s, much of Chesapeake was either suburban or rural, serving as a bedroom community of the adjacent cities of Norfolk and Virginia Beach with residents commuting to these locations. Beginning in the late 1980s and accelerating in the 1990s, however, Chesapeake saw significant growth, attracting numerous and significant industries and businesses of its own. This explosive growth quickly led to strains on the municipal infrastructure, ranging from intrusion of saltwater into the city's water supply to congested roads and schools.
Chesapeake made national headlines in 2003 when, under a court-ordered change of venue, the community hosted the first trial of convicted murderer Beltway sniper Lee Boyd Malvo for one of the 2002 terrorist-style attacks. A jury spared him a potential death sentence, choosing a sentence of "life in prison without parole" instead for the young man, who was 17 years old at the time of the crime spree. A jury in neighboring Virginia Beach sentenced his older partner John Allen Muhammad to death for another of the attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="21511470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511470" title="Ocean View, San Francisco">
Ocean View, San Francisco

Oceanview is a neighborhood in the southern portion of San Francisco, California. It was first established as a satellite community in the 1910s and originally centered around the intersection of Sagamore Street and San Jose Avenue. Today, the neighborhood is bordered by Orizaba Avenue to the west, Lakeview Avenue to the north, and Interstate 280 to the south and east.
Ingleside and the Ocean Avenue campus of City College lay north of Oceanview; Cayuga Terrace is to the east; Daly City, California, and the Outer Mission are south; and Merced Heights is to the west.
Oceanview Playground and Minnie and Lovie Ward Recreation Center are located in the middle of the neighborhood, a two-square-block area between Plymouth Avenue, Capitol Avenue, Lobos Street, and Montana Street. The Ocean View Branch Library of the San Francisco Public Library is located at 345 Randolph St. Ocean View is served by Muni Metro Routes M and 54. 
History.
Oceanview, also referred to as "Lakeview" by natives of the community, has a rich history. Oceanview was originally an Italian-Irish-German neighborhood in the mid- to late nineteenth century; the location acted as a station for train service between San Francisco and San Jose, owned by San Francisco and San Jose Railroad, bought by Southern Pacific in 1868. An African-American community migrated there after World War II from the Western Addition and Bayview neighborhoods. Until the mid-1990s, African Americans accounted for over 50 percent of the neighborhood's residents. In the early 2000s, relatively lower real estate prices brought in a new influx of Asians, Latinos, and Caucasians, making Oceanview one of the most culturally diverse neighborhoods in San Francisco.
Demographics.
Partly due to fairly recent waves of gentrification in the past decade, Oceanview is more ethnically and economically diverse than San Francisco as a whole. Asians now hold majority status in the once predominantly-African American enclave. Although blacks are no longer a majority in the neighborhood as they once were from the 1960s-1990s, many blocks around the Broad-Randolph Street corridor remain 50% or more black in residency. As of the 2010 Census, Oceanview is 44.68% Asian, 22.99% African American, 20.36% Caucasian and 14.1% Latino. 
Marginalization and Crime.
Oceanview has been described as "hard to find" due to its location in the far southwestern fringe of San Francisco and being wedged in between two freeways. Passenger service on the train line ended in the area in 1904 which caused businesses to decline in Oceanview. The neighborhood began to show signs of neglect and deterioration by the 1960s. At some time in the 1960s and 1970s, Oceanview had become an African American-majority neighborhood with black people representing over 50% of the neighborhood's residents. The rest of the neighborhood consisted of Asians, Latinos and various Pacific Islanders as very few white people lived in the district. Blacks were encouraged to buy property in the district after World War II because of the older average age of homes that exist in the neighborhood. 
By the 1980s after years of widespread civic neglect, the Oceanview district had become one of the most crime-ridden and forbidding districts in all of San Francisco. A geographically remote, socially isolated disenfranchised majority-black population of displaced blue collar workers created an environment rife with unemployment and relative poverty which made the neighborhood a hotbed of drug dealing and gang activity. Particularly, the corridor of Broad and Randolph Streets in the neighborhood was very dangerous and was known to be a large active open-air drug market. These streets were marked by a high concentration of liquor stores and shuttered former businesses. Hard drug abuse of crack cocaine and heroin was prevalent in the area throughout the 1980s and 1990s as nearly 20 crackhouses were counted in the neighborhood by police authorities at one point in the early 1990s. At many times throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the areas of Oceanview and Ingleside Heights had some of the highest violent crime rates in San Francisco and the entire Bay Area. Gunfire was reported to be a daily occurrence in the area. Many years, a huge percentage of the entire city of San Francisco's homicides occurred in Oceanview. One year, there were 12 homicides centered around a single Oceanview intersection. Despite the neighborhood's alarmingly high crime rates, the local news media has historically paid very little attention to Oceanview compared to other lower-income dangerous high crime neighborhoods in San Francisco such as Bayview Hunters Point 
Historically, most of the murders that have occurred in Oceanview over the decades were gangland style killings connected to the once thriving local drug game in the community. Murders were also the outcome of armed combat between mostly young black men involved in local loosely organized gangs of childhood friends from opposing rival "turfs", or majority-black low-income neighborhoods and or public housing projects, throughout San Francisco including Randolph Street in Oceanview as well as the Sunnydale projects in the fringe of the Visitacion Valley neighborhood and the Western Addition, locally known as the Fillmore district. These locally based gangs of mostly young black men and other young male minorities involved in the criminal lifestyle from predominantly black areas of San Francisco often did not refer to themselves as actual gangs as there was no hierarchy, strict organization, recruiting or getting "jumped in" associated with these groups who's main camaraderie was based on claiming their neighborhood, block or public housing projects. Young black men involved in local turf gangs or "mobs" in Oceanview as well as mostly all major predominantly black areas of San Francisco and much of the urban Bay Area also never adopted the now nationwide Blood and Crip gang culture that was founded in Los Angeles in the 1970s. 
Cohesively, in the late 1980s and 1990s, Oceanview became a hotbed of local underground independently produced Gangsta Rap, known in the Bay Area as Mob music. During this time, local young men from the area began articulating the harsh realities of growing up in the neighborhood and detailing the scary violent street crime that plagued the district as well as voicing the unsettling daily struggles of inner city life in Oceanview through Rap music. Many well-respected local Bay Area Rap pioneers such as the late Cougnut and Cellski hail from the neighborhood, mostly from the public housing projects on the corner of Randolph and Head Streets along the main drag of Ingleside Heights.
Gentrification and Revitalization.
During the 1990s and 2000s, San Francisco experienced the most acute case of black flight of any major city in the nation as thousands upon thousands of middle class and lower-income black families moved out of the city due to a rising cost of living as well as the disproportionately high crime rates, sub-standard public housing and poor performing schools that existed in black-majority areas across San Francisco such as Oceanview. 
By the early to mid 2000s, serious violent crime had dropped dramatically in Oceanview. The efforts of a neighborhood group of community activists called Neighbors In Action and the local police force had effectively curbed the scary street crime associated with the drug dealing and gang activity that had plagued the area for decades. Most notably, long-time Oceanview resident Minnie Ward helped spearhead the changes in Oceanview working hard in community activism with her husband since the heyday of Oceanview's ghettoization in the early 1990s. 
Minnie Ward, who passed away in 2005, had the new remodeled recreation center at Oceanview Park in the neighborhood renamed after her and her husband, Lovie, in reverence to their contributions to cleaning up the Oceanview neighborhood. A new library was opened on 345 Randolph Street in June of 2000 replacing the older library that was located on 111 Broad Street. The old engine no. 33 Firehouse on Broad Street has been restored and offers tours throughout San Francisco on an old fire engine. 
New businesses have been hesitant to open stores along the once-downtrodden Broad-Randolph commercial strip in the residential neighborhood. However, third generation Oceanview resident, Donald Andrews, a young man only in his 20s, opened Broad Street's first new business in almost ten years, an independent streetwear clothing boutique called Dream Team, in March of 2012. 
Many people are choosing to buy houses in Oceanview because homes there are relatively much cheaper than most other areas of San Francisco due to the fact that Oceanview is a gentrifying neighborhood in transition. Housing prices continue to rise annually in Oceanview. New residents are buying homes in the district at a fairly high rate as well. From 2012 to 2013, the median sales price of houses in Oceanview increased 6.3% and the number of sales increased by 66.7%. The average square foot price of a house in Oceanview was $484 which was a 12.8% increase from the same time frame. 

</doc>
<doc id="21511479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511479" title="Samuel Scott (painter)">
Samuel Scott (painter)

Samuel Scott (1702 – 12 October 1772) was a British landscape painter known for his riverside scenes and seascapes.
Life.
Scott was born in London, and began painting in around 1720, Nothing is known of his artistic training. He started as a maritime artist, painting men-of-war and other ships on calm seas in the style of Willem van de Velde, many of whose drawings he owned. He also painted a set of six pictures of settlements owned by the East India Company in collaboration with George Lambert. Scott painted the ships, Lambert the buildings and landscape. Writing in 1733, George Vertue included Scott among London's "most elevated men in art".
From 27–31 May 1732 he made a celebrated "Five days' Peregrination" to the Isle of Sheppey in company with William Hogarth and others. An account of their trip was written by Ebenezer Forrest and published in 1782, illustrated with drawings by Hogarth and Scott.
In the early 1740s, Scott began making sketches of London, especially of the new Westminster Bridge, then under construction, When, following the arrival of Canaletto in London in 1746, paintings of views of the city became fashionable, he began working the sketches up into oil paintings. He painted at least eleven versions of a view of Old London Bridge, the earliest dating from 1747. Scott continued to paint copies of it after 1757, when the houses lining the bridge, shown in the painting had been demolished. The London Bridge pictures were often painted as one of a pair, with an image of the Tower of London or Westminster Bridge as a pendant.
Between 1761 and 1771 he exhibited three works at the Society of Artists, one at the Free Society of artists, and one, "A View of the Tower of London", at the Royal Academy in 1771. He was one of the early draughtsmen in watercolours, and was called the father of English watercolour, but his chief works were in oil. Some of Scott's most celebrated paintings were his depictions of scenes during the War of Jenkins' Ear.
Scott earned a considerable reputation for his shore and river scenes, which were well-drawn and painted, and enlivened with figures. Horace Walpole, who had a large collection of his works, said that they "will charm in every age" and that "if he was second to Vandeveldt in sea pieces, he excelled him in variety." His views of London Bridge, the Custom-house Quay, and other pictures of the Thames earned him the name "the English Canaletto".
He lived in a house on the east side of the Piazza at Covent Garden, moving to Twickenham in 1758, and then to Ludlow, where his daughter was living, before retiring to Bath, where he died in Walcot Street, of gout, in October 1772, leaving an only daughter. His collection of drawings, prints etc., was sold by Langford in January 1773.
William Marlow and the animal painter Sawrey Gilpin (1733–1807). were his pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="21511501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511501" title="Michael Signer">
Michael Signer

Michael "Mike" Signer is a Virginia-based author and attorney.
Authorship.
Signer wrote , a book on democracy, American history, and national security. In Foreign Affairs, Professor John Ikenberry wrote that Demagogue "echoes Tocqueville's contention that liberal mores and traditions within society are the bedrock of democracy." Kirkus Reviews praised the book's "muscular narrative," and Publisher's Weekly wrote that the book "signals the need for a new direction in foreign policy." 
Anne-Marie Slaughter, currently the President of the New America Foundation, said, "Michael Signer has written a strikingly original book. Demagogue tells the story of democracy by analyzing its antithesis – the often frighteningly charismatic leader who draws his strength from his purported connection to the demos itself. Amid the myriad studies of democracy and waves of democratization, of rising incomes, civil society, institutions and elections, Signer brings the human element back into the equation. The demagogue, he argues, is an eternal element in democracy's rise and fall, one that we ignore today, from Venezuela to Russia, at our peril."
Author and journalist Peter Beinart said, "Demagogue is a simply extraordinary book. A fascinating work of political theory, an eloquent response to the Bush administration's disastrous efforts at promoting democracy, a roadmap for progressives seeking to chart a new foreign policy direction and an intellectual lifeline for anyone who believes America should be on freedom's side, and knows, in their heart, that there must be a better way."
In connection with the book, he addressed the U.S. Agency for International Development, George Mason University, the BBC's Doha Debates in Qatar, and the World Affairs Council of Richmond. He has been interviewed on NPR, MSNBC, the BBC, C-SPAN's Book TV, and Fox News.
Signer is currently at work on the sequel to Demagogue, the coming of age story of James Madison and his rivalry with Patrick Henry over America's future, currently titled , The book will be published by PublicAffairs in 2015. In 2014, Signer was the keynote speaker at the Montpelier Foundation's annual celebration of the birthday of James Madison, where he said, "Returning Madison’s Method to politics could do much to conquer not only many bad ideas, but to help us believe again in leadership itself... We think of statesmen today as dead and dull, as stony and lifeless as the columns and edifices of our Greco-Roman memorials. Yet what Madison shows is they are flesh and blood fighters. Even if it’s old-fashioned, we need to return to that spirit once again—to honor and celebrate and elevate leaders—statesmen—who fight with their heart and spirit for the common good.":
Signer has published articles, essays, and book reviews in the University of Richmond Law Review, Corporate Counsel, the Washington Post, the New Republic, and the Daily Beast, In 2006, he wrote an influential article on progressive American exceptionalism titled "City on a Hill," in the inaugural issue of Democracy: A Journal of Ideas. He teaches nonfiction writing at Politics and Prose in Washington, D.C.
Legal experience.
Signer is a prominent Virginia attorney. He is the founder and managing principal of Madison Law & Strategy Group, PLLC, where since 2010 he has practiced corporate and regulatory law. His clients have included alternative investors, start-ups, political campaigns, and government contractors. He is co-Chair of the Business Law Section of the Charlottesville-Albemarle Bar Association and a member of the Virginia State Bar's Access to Legal Services Committee. He also chaired the Pro Bono Committee of the Young Lawyers Conference of the Virginia State Bar.
After graduating from the University of Virginia School of Law, Signer joined the Corporate Department of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr. In 2005, Governor Mark Warner of Virginia appointed Signer as one of two counselors in his gubernatorial office in Richmond, where he advised the governor on issues including executive clemency, civil settlements, FOIA requests, and state contracting policies. He was asked to chair a special committee on the repercussions of DNA analysis in criminal files.
After Governor Warner’s term ended, Signer returned to the Public Policy and Strategy and Government Litigation groups at WilmerHale, where he counseled clients on matters including public policy strategy, regulatory approval, and federal investigations.
He is a long-time voting rights attorney. He has helped run ten statewide voter protection programs in Virginia, including serving as statewide director for the 2004 program directed by the Democratic National Committee. In 2010, he traveled to Panjshir Province, Afghanistan, as a member of a U.S.AID-sponsored mission to monitor Afghanistan’s parliamentary elections. He also founded and co-chaired the New Electoral Reform Alliance for Virginia, which successfully fought for statutory fixes in Virginia’s General Assembly.
Public Service.
From 2009 to 2013, Signer served as an appointee by then-Governor Tim Kaine to Virginia's Board of Medicine, which oversees and disciplines Virginia's 50,000 doctors. He was a member of the Finance Committee for Terry McAuliffe for Governor and later served as Chair of Governor-elect McAuliffe's Transition Council on Homeland Security. Earlier in his career, he was Legislative Aide to then-Delegate Creigh Deeds.
He currently serves as Chair of the Emergency Food Bank in Charlottesville, Virginia and on the Board of Directors of the Center for National Policy. He is a member of the Steering Committee of the West Main Street Redevelopment Project and the Fifeville Neighborhood Association. He is a Principal and former Board member of the Truman National Security Project
In 2009, Signer was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, receiving 21% of the vote and raising nearly $500,000. He is the Chair of New Dominion Project, a Virginia-based political action committee.
In the 2008 elections, Signer served as chief national security advisor to the John Edwards for President campaign, an experience he wrote about in the Washington Post. He was later senior strategist on the 2008 Congressional campaign of Tom Perriello. Signer served as Senior Policy Advisor at the Center for American Progress and later as an advisor to President-Elect Barack Obama's State Department Transition Team.
Instruction.
Signer teaches an advanced undergraduate seminar titled "Leadership, Statesmanship, and Democracy" at the Woodrow Wilson Department of Politics at the University of Virginia and is Visiting Full Professor at Virginia Tech’s Master’s Program in Public and International Affairs Program.
Early life and education.
Signer graduated from Washington-Lee High School in Arlington, Virginia and "magna cum laude" from Princeton University. He earned a Ph.D. in political science from the University of California, Berkeley and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law, where he was a Clerk at the Legal Aid Justice Center and Research Assistant to Professors A.E. Dick Howard and Michael Klarman. He was also president of the Law Democrats and co-founder of the UVA Chapter of the American Constitution Society. While at UVA, he also founded the UVA Coalition for Progress on Race in the wake of a racially-motivated attack on a fellow student, and went on to co-found the Center for the Study of Race and Law.
Personal.
Signer lives in Charlottesville, Virginia with his wife, Emily Blout.

</doc>
<doc id="21511506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511506" title="Alex Haley's Queen (disambiguation)">
Alex Haley's Queen (disambiguation)

Alex Haley's Queen can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21511516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511516" title="SM UB-43">
SM UB-43

SM "UB-43" was a Type UB II submarine or U-boat for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. "UB-43" was sold to the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during the war. In Austro-Hungarian service the "B" was dropped from her name and she was known as SM "U-43 or U-XLIII" as the lead boat of the Austro-Hungarian "U-43" class.
"UB-43" was ordered in July 1915 and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in September. "UB-43" was a little more than in length and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. She was equipped to carry a complement of four torpedoes for her two bow torpedo tubes and had an deck gun. As part of a group of six submarines selected for Mediterranean service, "UB-43" was broken into railcar sized components and shipped to Pola where she was assembled and launched in early April 1916, and commissioned later in the month. Over the next year the U-boat sank twenty-two ships, which included the Peninsular and Oriental liner . "UB-43" also damaged the British cruiser .
The German Imperial Navy was having difficulties filling submarine crews with trained men and offered to sell "UB-43" and a sister boat, , to the Austro-Hungarian Navy. After the terms were agreed to in June 1917, both boats were handed over at Pola. When commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy, the "B" in her designation was dropped so that she became "U-43" or "U-XLIII". She damaged one Italian steamer in limited Austro-Hungarian service through the end of the war. "U-43" was ceded to France as a war reparation in 1920 and broken at Bizerta that same year.
Design and construction.
The German UB II design improved upon the design of the UB I boats, which had been ordered in September 1914. In service, the UB I boats were found to be too small and too slow. A major problem was that, because they had a single propeller shaft/engine combo, if either component failed, the U-boat became almost totally disabled. To rectify this flaw, the UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines (one shaft for each engine), which also increased the U-boat's top speed. The new design also included more powerful batteries, larger torpedo tubes, and a deck gun. As a UB II boat, "U-43" could also carry twice the torpedo load of her UB I counterparts, and nearly ten times as much fuel. To accommodate all of these changes the boats' had larger hulls, and surface and submerged displacements more than twice those of the UB I boats.
The Imperial German Navy ordered "UB-43" from AG Weser on 31 July 1915 as one of a series of six UB II boats (numbered from to ). "UB-43" was long and abeam. She had a single hull with saddle tanks and had a draft of when surfaced. She displaced while submerged but only on the surface.
The submarine was equipped with twin diesel engines and twin electric motors—for surfaced and submerged running, respectively—that drove twin propeller shafts. "UB-43" had a surface speed of up to and could go as fast as while underwater. The U-boat could carry up to of diesel fuel, giving her a range of 6,940 nautical miles at 5 knots (12,850 km at 9.3 km/h). Her electric motors and batteries provided a range of 45 nautical miles at 4 knots (83 km at 7.4 km/h) while submerged.
"UB-43" was equipped with two bow torpedo tubes and could carry four torpedoes. The U-boat was also armed with an 88 mm/26 (3.5 in) deck gun and an machine gun.
"UB-43" was laid down by AG Weser at its Bremen shipyard on 3 September 1915. As one of six U-boats selected for service in the Mediterranean while under construction, "UB-43" was broken into railcar-sized components and shipped overland to the Austro-Hungarian port of Pola. Shipyard workers from Weser assembled the boat and her five sisters at Pola, where she was launched on 8 April.
German Imperial Navy career.
SM "UB-43" was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 24 April 1916 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Dietrich Niebuhr; "UB-43" was the only U-boat command for the 27-year-old officer. "UB-43" was assigned to the Navy's Pola Flotilla () in which she remained throughout her German career. Although the flotilla was based in Pola, the site of the main Austro-Hungarian Navy base, boats of the flotilla operated out of the Austro-Hungarian base at Cattaro which was located farther south and closer to the Mediterranean. German U-boats typically returned to Pola only for repairs.
Under Niebuhr's command, "UB-43" had no success, and he was replaced by Kapitänleutnant Hans von Mellenthin on 29 August. After two weeks under von Mellenthin's command, "UB-43" sank her first ship. While east of Malta, the British steamer "Italiana" with her cargo of hay destined for Salonica was torpedoed and sunk. Three days later, and some closer to Malta, von Mellenthin sank a pair of British steamers. "Dewa" was in ballast headed for Port Said when attacked by "UB-43"; three of the steamer's crew lost their lives in the attack. "Lord Tredegar" was carrying a general cargo when she was sent down with the loss of four men. "The Wall Street Journal" reported that the sinking of "Lord Tredegar" resulted in a loss of $1,000,000 for her American insurer.
In October, von Mellenthin and "UB-43" sank an additional two ships. On 10 October, the British tanker "Elax", carrying fuel oil from Rangoon was sunk off Cape Matapan without casualties. Three days later, two men were killed when "UB-43" torpedoed and sank their ship, the British steamer "Welsh Prince", of .
On 18 November, the British Admiralty, released a report that listed all of "UB-43"s first five victims as evidence of German wrongdoing. According to the British report, "Italiana", "Dewa", "Lord Tredegar", and "Elax"—four of the twenty-two ships listed—had all been torpedoed without warning. This type of attack was counter to German pledges to adhere cruiser warfare, which required that ships be allowed time for the crews to escape before any attack could commence. "UB-43"s fifth victim, "Welsh Prince", was on another list of 107 British ships sunk whose lifeboats had been fired upon by German submarines.
In the meantime, "UB-43" had continued sinking British ships, sending down five in a nine-day span in early November. "Statesman", a 6,153-ton steamer carrying a general cargo, was first on 3 November; six crewmen were killed when the ship went down east of Malta. The following day, the 3,937-ton "Clan Leslie" and the 5,398-ton "Huntsvale" were sunk in the same area. "Clan Leslie" was carrying a general cargo from Bombay when sunk with three casualties. Seven were killed when "Huntsvale", traveling in ballast for Algiers, was sunk.
On 6 November, "UB-43" torpedoed the Peninsular and Oriental liner off Cape Matapan. According to contemporary news accounts, gunners on "Arabia" fired upon "UB-43" after the liner was torpedoed, but recorded no hits. All 437 passengers aboard the steamer, en route from Sydney to London when attacked, were rescued after an hour in the water. The liner went down 90 minutes after the torpedo struck. Eleven died in the attack, including two of "Arabia"s engineers killed in the initial blast of the torpedo. Six days after "Arabia"s sinking, "UB-43" sank the 3,383-ton British steamer "Kapunda" east of Malta. "Kapunda"s loss brought the U-boat's November tally to 26,774 gross register tons, which accounted for more than 15% of the November tally for all German U-boats in the Mediterranean.
"UB-43" and von Mellenthin sank three more British steamers in December: "Bretwalda" on the 13th, and "Russian" and "Westminster" on the 14th. "Bretwalda"—which had escaped destruction from a mine laid by in August 1915—and her cargo of jute were sent down from Malta. "Russian", at 8,825 tons, was the largest ship sunk by "UB-43"; the horse transport ship was sailing in ballast from Salonica when she went down with 28 of her crewmen. After "UB-43" torpedoed "Westminster", the U-boat shelled the survivors in their lifeboats, according to authors R. H. Gibson and Maurice Prendergast. Fifteen men from "Westminster" died in the sinking.
"UB-43" sank no ships over the next eight weeks. Author Paul Halpern reports that the majority of the German U-boats in the Mediterranean fleet were undergoing repairs and refits at Pola and Cattaro during January. Although no specific mention is made of repairs done on "UB-43", the U-boat's inactivity in this period may be for that reason.
Unrestricted submarine warfare.
On 1 February 1917, Kaiser Wilhelm II personally approved a resumption of unrestricted submarine warfare in order to try to force the British to make peace. The new rules of engagement specified that no ship was to be left afloat, although British reports for several of "UB-43"s victims suggest that von Mellenthin was already operating in this manner.
Under these new rules of engagement, "UB-43" first sank the Greek steamer "Miaoulis" from Benghazi on 24 February, while she was carrying cottonseed to London. Two days later, the turret hull steamer "Clan Farquhar", carrying cotton and coal for London, was torpedoed and sunk. After the attack, which killed 49 of her crew, the ship's second engineer was taken captive by von Mellenthin. On the 27th, "Brodmore" and her cargo of frozen meat from Majunga were sunk off Libya (and her master taken prisoner), and on the 28th the Japanese steamer "Shinsei Maru" was sunk nearby.
It was nearly a month later before von Mellenthin and "UB-43" sank their next target. On 26 March, the British steamer "Ledbury", carrying wheat from Karachi, was sunk from Benghazi. Eight days later, "Vasilefs Constantinos", a Greek steamer of , was sunk in the Ionian Sea; the "Constantinos" was the last ship sunk by "UB-43" under von Mellenthin's command. On 9 April, von Mellenthin was succeeded by "Oblt." Horst Obermüller, a 26-year-old first time U-boat commander. Under von Mellenthin's command, "UB-43" had sunk of merchant shipping.
On 1 May, Obermüller sank the American-owned (but British-flagged) tanker "British Sun" carrying a load of fuel oil. According to a report in "The New York Times", the 5,565-ton vessel, valued at $2,500,000, was "one of the finest" tankers. The collier "Repton" was sent down off Cape Matapan six days later; three of the British steamer's crewmen died in the attack. Later in the month, the Greek steamer "Dorothy" and her cargo of wheat from Karachi were sunk from Cap D'Armi. "UB-43"s final attack of note was upon the cruiser , torpedoed east of Malta. "Grafton" was damaged but suffered no casualties. The -displacement British ship was brought safely into port at Malta.
On 21 July, "UB-43" was decommissioned at Pola and handed over to the Austro-Hungarian Navy. In her German Imperial Navy career of fourteen months, "UB-43" sank twenty-two merchant ships totaling , and damaged one warship with a displacement of .
Austro-Hungarian Navy service.
In November 1916, the German Imperial Navy, having a hard time finding trained submarine crews, inquired to find out if its ally Austria-Hungary was interested in purchasing some of its Mediterranean submarines. A general agreement led to protracted negotiations, which stalled over the outflow of Austro-Hungarian gold reserves to Germany. But, with all of the details worked out, the two parties agreed on the sale of "UB-43" and sister ship to Austria-Hungary in June 1917.
When handed over by the Germans on 21 July, "UB-43" was in a "worn out condition". Despite the rough condition of the boat, the U-boat was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 30 July 1917 as SM "U-43", dropping the "B" from her former designation. "Linienschiffsleutnant" Friedrich Schlosser was installed as the new commander of the U-boat, which remained at Pola for the next three months undergoing repairs. Departing that port on 1 November, "U-43" made way to Cattaro, and then went out on patrol. Schlosser torpedoed the Italian steamer "Orione" on 16 November, but the Italian ship did not sink; she was towed to safety in Taranto.
On 30 November, a leak on "U-43" partially flooded the boat and caused her to sink to a depth of before she was bought under control and raised to the surface. The flooding damaged the U-boat's electrical systems, preventing her from submerging on her return to port for repairs. An unidentified submarine launched a torpedo at the surfaced "U-43", but the torpedo's aim was off and it passed harmlessly in front of the bow. The boat made port at Cattaro on 1 December and at Pola on 6 December for two months of repairs.
During "U-43"s time under repair, Schlosser was reassigned to command , and "Linienschiffsleutnant" Eugen Hornyák Edler von Horn was named to take his place aboard "U-43" on 18 January 1918. Under von Horn, "U-43" patrolled off Cattaro, having to crash dive at least once to escape attack from enemy torpedo boats. On 17 March, while returning to Cattaro from patrol, the crew of the Austro-Hungarian destroyer mistook "U-43" for an enemy submarine and rammed her, damaging the diving planes. "U-43" sailed for Fiume for three months of repairs.
The U-boat returned to action in June and patrolled off Montenegro, Durazzo, and Cattaro for the next five months. On 13 June, "U-43" was slightly damaged in an air raid on Cattaro and, on 5 September, had to crash dive to avoid another air attack while off Cattaro. On 20 September, the boat rendezvoused with "U-47" and received a French prisoner of war. The prisoner was the only survivor of the French submarine , which "U-47" had torpedoed the night before.
At the end of the war, "U-43" was at Cattaro. In her Austro-Hungarian Navy career, "U-43" damaged a single merchant ships of 4,016 gross register tons. "U-43" was ceded to France as a war reparation in 1920, towed to Bizerta, and broken up there within a year.

</doc>
<doc id="21511546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511546" title="Society for Occupational Health Psychology">
Society for Occupational Health Psychology

The Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP) is a learned society with as focal point the "generation, dissemination, and application of scientific knowledge in order to improve worker health and well-being." The goals of the society are threefold. First, SOHP promotes psychological research on important questions pertaining to occupational health. Second, SOHP encourages the application of research to improve the health and safety of people who work. Third, the society works to enhance undergraduate and graduate training in the field of occupational health psychology. Full membership in SOHP requires "a postgraduate degree in a field related to OHP," such as "occupational health psychology, public health, occupational health, industrial hygiene."
SOHP, together with the American Psychological Association (APA) and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), organizes every two years an international conference dedicated to research and practice in occupational health psychology. The organization also provides resources that are useful in research, teaching, and practice. SOHP and APA sponsor an online listserv to promote discussion and information sharing regarding occupational health psychology. SOHP also publishes a newsletter at least twice per year in order to keep members abreast of organizational developments. Through an organizational arrangement SOHP has with APA, members of the Society receive a subscription to the "Journal of Occupational Health Psychology". Beginning with an agreement in 2008, the society coordinates member benefits and international conferences with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EA-OHP).
History.
SOHP is the first organization in the United States to be devoted to occupational health psychology. The development of this discipline within psychology and the origins of the society are closely linked. 
APA and NIOSH jointly organized an International Conference on Work, Stress, and Health in Washington, DC in 1990. At the conference, the individuals who would form the core of SOHP got to know each other. Beginning with the conference in 1990, APA and NIOSH arranged a series of Work, Stress, and Health conferences in two- to three-year cycles (now two-year cycles). 
In 1996, the "Journal of Occupational Health Psychology" was established. The European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EA-OHP) was established in 1999. In the US, members arrived at the idea that the best way to train the next generation was to create graduate programs in OHP. Beginning in the mid-1990s, APA and NIOSH began to furnish seed money to support graduate training in OHP. By 2001, there were OHP graduate programs at 11 US universities.
The first organizational meeting devoted to the creation of a society was held at the University of South Florida in 2001. Over the next four years a series of organizational meetings took place that helped establish the society. In 2005, the Society for Occupational Health Psychology was formally founded, with Leslie Hammer of Portland State University as president. In 2006, the society began to play a role, although a small one, in organizing the Work, Stress, and Health conference held that year. Two years later, the society became a full partner with APA and NIOSH in organizing the Work, Stress, and Health conferences. In 2008, the society began to coordinate activities, including conference scheduling, with its European counterpart, EA-OHP. More detailed descriptions of the historical development of the society have been published in 2007

</doc>
<doc id="21511549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511549" title="Ralcorp">
Ralcorp

Ralcorp Holdings is a manufacturer of various food products, including breakfast cereal, cookies, crackers, chocolate, snack foods, mayonnaise, pasta and peanut butter. The company is based in St. Louis, Missouri. The majority of the items Ralcorp makes are private label, store brand products. It has over 9,000 employees. Ralcorp has its headquarters in the Bank of America Plaza in downtown St. Louis.
History and description.
Originally part of Ralston Purina, the "Ralston" name was more associated with food for humans; soda crackers and a farina cereal, among other products, were marketed under this name. Ralcorp can trace its ancestry to 1898 when William H. Danforth of Purina Mills, which made animal feeds, began making breakfast cereal. He sought and received the endorsement of Webster Edgerly (a.k.a. Dr. Ralston) who founded the Ralstonism social movement. Ralston cereal became so successful that Purina Mills was renamed Ralston Purina in 1902. Ralston Purina also for many years produced the familiar line of Chex and Cookie Crisp cold breakfast cereals. The animal and human food businesses were seemingly only tenuously related. In 1994, the human food business was spun off to Ralcorp Holdings, operating as Ralston Foods, which then sold its branded breakfast cereal lineup to General Mills and its Continental Baking division (Wonder Bread and Twinkies) to Interstate Bakeries. The Purina part of the company is now split. The pet food company was sold to Nestlé is now called Nestlé Purina PetCare. The livestock food company is called Purina Mills, LLC and is a unit of Land O'Lakes. Ralcorp manufactures many store brand foods that are sold in grocery outlets across the United States under the retailers' private labels. In late 2007, Ralcorp signed an agreement with Kraft Foods to acquire the Post Cereals brands, thus returning to the major branded cereal business. The acquisition was completed August 4, 2008. Another brand name product Ralcorp makes and markets is Ry-Krisp crisp bread.
Purchase by ConAgra.
In 2011, Ralcorp received an offer for the company from ConAgra Foods. Ralcorp resisted the attempt. Ralcorp also announced it was spinning off its Post Foods unit. The spinoff was completed in 2012. On November 27, 2012, ConAgra officials announced they were purchasing Ralcorp, pending Ralcorp shareholder approval, for approximately $4.95 billion. Stockholders of Ralcorp Holdings Inc. would receive $90 per share. The acquisition was completed in January 2013. As a result ConAgra is the largest private-label packaged food business in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21511562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511562" title="Lakeland Wildlife Oasis">
Lakeland Wildlife Oasis

The Lakeland Wildlife Oasis is a small zoological collection near the town of Milnthorpe, Cumbria, England, with a science and evolution theme. Since April 2012 the zoo has been run by the registered charity Lakeland Trust for Natural Sciences.
The centre is divided into several sections, including a butterfly hall and aquarium, as well as an outside walk-through area. The Lakeland Wildlife Oasis is a member of the BIAZA organisation, and participates in breeding schemes for several endangered species, notably the unusual "Fossa".
In 2011 the zoo acquired its first snow leopard, for which it had built an enclosure with a perspex walk-through tunnel, "thought to be the UK’s first walk-through big cat exhibit".

</doc>
<doc id="21511568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511568" title="Belloy Formation">
Belloy Formation

The Belloy Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Permian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the hamlet of Belloy, Alberta, and was first described in the Imperial Belloy 12-14-78-1W6M well by H.L. Halbertsma in 1959.
Lithology.
The Belloy Formation is composed of cherty dolostone and sandstone, glauconitic and quartz sandstones, phosphorite, siltstones and conglomerate with phosphatic chert pebbles.
Distribution.
The Belloy Formation reaches a maximum thickness of in the Canadian Rockies foothills south of Fort St. John. It thins out towards the east and occurs in the sub-surface throughout the Peace River Country.
Relationship to other units.
The Belloy Formation is disconformably overlain by Triassic or younger beds (Montney Formation, Fort St. John Group). It is unconformably overlies Mississippian sediments such as those of the Rundle Group.
The Bellow Formation is homotaxial with the Belcourt Formation and Kindle Formation of the Rocky Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="21511580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511580" title="Birmingham Plateau">
Birmingham Plateau

The Birmingham Plateau is a plateau in the Midlands of England. Forming the central and largest part of the larger Midlands Plateau, it is separated by the valley of the River Blythe from the East Warwickshire Plateau to the east, and by the valley of the River Stour from the Mid-Severn Plateau to the west. To the north and south it is bounded by the valleys of the Trent and the Avon. 

</doc>
<doc id="21511586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511586" title="Szczepan Witkowski">
Szczepan Witkowski

Szczepan Viktor Witkowski (December 20, 1898 – May 29, 1937) was a Polish soldier and skier.
Witkowski was born in Lwów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria (today Lviv, Ukraine). He was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1924 which was one of two withdrawing to bad weather conditions. He died in Stryi, Poland (since 1939 Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="21511596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511596" title="Wang Chengzong">
Wang Chengzong

Wang Chengzong (王承宗) (died 820) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served a military governor ("Jiedushi") of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). He, like his grandfather Wang Wujun and father Wang Shizhen before him, ruled the circuit in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial government, drawing two imperial campaigns against him, both of which he withstood. After the defeat of his ally Wu Yuanji in 817, he submitted to imperial authority, and, after his death, his brother Wang Chengyuan left the circuit, ending his family's hold on Chengde.
Background.
It is not known when Wang Chengzong was born, although it was known that he was born before his brother Wang Chengyuan, who was born in 801. He was the oldest son of Wang Shizhen, who was then deputy military governor of Chengde under Wang Chengzong's grandfather Wang Wujun. After Wang Shizhen succeeded Wang Wujun as military governor in 801, Wang Chengzong eventually became the acting governor of Chengde's capital Heng Prefecture (恆州, in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) as well as deputy military governor of the circuit — effectively, Wang Shizhen's designated successor.
First campaign of resistance against the imperial government.
Wang Shizhen died in 809, and Wang Chengzong claimed the title of acting military governor. Soon thereafter, his uncle (Wang Shizhen's brother) Wang Shize (王士則), fearing imperial punishments for Wang Chengzong's claiming the title without imperial sanction, fled to territory held by the imperial government and submitted to Emperor Xianzong. Meanwhile, Emperor Xianzong considered forcibly imposing another military governor on Chengde and attacking it if Wang Chengzong refused to yield. The chancellor Pei Ji and the imperial scholar Li Jiang believed such a course of action to be imprudent, pointing out that Chengde would be difficult to conquer. The powerful eunuch Tutu Chengcui, however, advocated a campaign against Chengde, as did Lu Congshi (盧從史) the military governor of Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi). Emperor Xianzong hesitated, and considered another course of action — making Wang Chengzong military governor, but ordering Wang to surrender two of Chengde's six prefectures, De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) Prefectures, to be formed into a new circuit.
Meanwhile, Wang was becoming apprehensive about the lack of imperial approval for his succession. When Emperor Xianzong sent the official Pei Wu (裴武) to Chengde to comfort the soldiers, Wang offered to surrender De and Di Prefectures. After Pei returned to the Tang capital Chang'an, Emperor Xianzong issued an edict naming Wang military governor of Chengde, while forming a separate circuit, Baoxin Circuit (保信), out of De and Di Prefectures and naming a relative of Wang's by marriage, Xue Changchao (薛昌朝) the prefect of De Prefecture, its military governor. Wang's ally Tian Ji'an the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), however, informed Wang that Xue had received the position by turning to the imperial government; in response, Wang had Xue arrested and brought back to Heng Prefecture. When Emperor Xianzong subsequently ordered Wang to allow Xue to assume his post, Wang refused, and Emperor Xianzong responded by stripping Wang of his titles and commissioning Tutu as the commander of the forces against Chengde.
The forces of several circuits — Hedong (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi), Hezhong (河中, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), Zhenwu (振武, headquartered in modern Hohhot, Inner Mongolia) — soon joined the forces of Chengde's neighboring circuit Yiwu (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei) in attacking Chengde from the north, while forces commanded by Tutu attacked it from the south. Liu Ji the military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) also attacked Chengde on his own. However, it was said that because the generals did not respect Tutu, his command was not successful, and after the general Li Dingjin (酈定進) was killed in battle, morale was low.
Meanwhile, Lu, who had advocated the campaign against Wang, was actually in secret communication with Wang. Tutu discovered this, and, under Emperor Xianzong's orders, Tutu arrested Lu. Emperor Xianzong subsequently replaced Lu with Meng Yuanyang (孟元陽). After Lu's arrest, Wang submitted petitions claiming that it was Lu who alienated him from the imperial government and that he was willing to submit tax revenues and permit the imperial government to commission his subordinate officials to show submission. Wang's ally Li Shidao the military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) also made the same request on his behalf. In summer 810, Emperor Xianzong, seeing that the campaign against Wang was unsuccessful, agreed to exonerate Wang and make him military governor, and further officially returned De and Di to Chengde.
Between the two campaigns.
Meanwhile, by 815, Emperor Xianzong's forces were deeply entrenched in a campaign against another ally of Wang Chengzong's, Wu Yuanji, who ruled Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan). Wu sought aid from both Wang and Li Shidao, and both sought pardons on his behalf, but the requests were rejected by Emperor Xianzong. Li Shidao reacted by having his soldiers wage guerilla warfare against imperial territory around the eastern capital Luoyang. Wang sent his officer Yin Shaoqing (尹少卿) to Chang'an to lobby for Wu, but when Yin met the chancellor Wu Yuanheng, Yin was insolent in his language, and Wu Yuanheng ejected him from the office of chancellors. Wang then submitted a petition defaming Wu Yuanheng.
Shortly after, Wu Yuanheng was assassinated — probably by assassins sent by Li — and another official who advocated for the campaign against Wu Yuanji, Pei Du, was nearly also killed. Suspicions fell on eight Chengde officers stationed at Chang'an, headed by Zhang Yan (張晏). Wang Chengzong's uncle Wang Shize himself reported that Zhang and the other Chengde officers must be responsible. The Chengde officers were arrested and interrogated by Pei Wu and the imperial censor Chen Zhongshi (陳中師). Under intense interrogation, probably including torture, Zhang and the others confessed to assassinating Wu Yuanheng and were executed. In fall 815, Emperor Xianzong issued an edict declaring Wang's guilt and refusing to accept his tributes, but not declaring a campaign against Wang by this point; rather, the edict called on Wang to examine himself and repent.
Second campaign of resistance against the imperial government.
Meanwhile, Tian Hongzheng (a relative of Tian Ji'an's, who had died in 812) the military governor of Weibo — under whose governance Weibo had become imperial territory — stationed his forces near Weibo's borders with Chengde. Wang Chengzong repeatedly harassed his troops, and in anger, Tian requested permission to attack Chengde territory. Emperor Xianzong agreed, and Tian advanced into Chengde territory, but did not advance far. Emperor Xianzong also ordered Zhenwu forces to join Yiwu forces in attacking Chengde. In response, Wang pillaged the territories of Lulong, Henghai (橫海, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei), and Yiwu. Those circuits advocated a campaign against Wang, and Emperor Xianzong agreed, over the objection of the chancellor Zhang Hongjing, who thereafter resigned. Another chancellor who also opposed the campaign, Wei Guanzhi, was soon exiled. However, it was said that of the six circuits ordered to attack Chengde (Hedong, Lulong, Yiwu, Henghai, Weibo, and Zhaoyi), most of the forces did not advance far, although Zhaoyi's military governor Chi Shimei (郗士美) scored some victories over Chengde forces. When Hun Gao (渾鎬) the military governor of Yiwu advanced deep into Chengde territory as well, Wang responded by sending operatives into Yiwu territory to burn Yiwu's towns and villages, causing Yiwu soldiers to become fearful for their families. He subsequently defeated Hun, and Hun fled back to Yiwu and was subsequently replaced by another general, Chen Chu (陳楚). He also cut off the communications lines between Henghai's capital Cang Prefecture (滄州) and Henghai troops, under the command of its military governor Cheng Quan (程權), forcing Cheng's withdrawal.
By 817, the expenditures of the imperial forces in waging campaigns against Chengde and Zhangyi simultaneously were so high and the returns so low that Emperor Xianzong was reconsidering his strategy. Listening to the chancellor Li Fengji and other officials who advocated concentrating on defeating Zhangyi first, in summer 817, Emperor Xianzong ordered the circuits attacking Chengde to withdraw their forces back to their own circuits.
Submission to imperial authority.
In winter 817, imperial forces under Li Su entered Zhangyi's capital Cai Prefecture (蔡州) and captured Wu Yuanji, whom Emperor Xianzong subsequently executed. Wang, hearing of Wu's defeat, became fearful, and he sent his two sons Wang Zhigan (王知感) and Wang Zhixin (王知信) to Tian Hongzheng, offering them as hostages and further offering to surrender De and Di Prefectures to imperial control. With Tian interceding on Wang's behalf, Emperor Xianzong agreed, accepting Wang's submission and restoring his titles. De and Di were merged into Henghai Circuit. When Emperor Xianzong subsequently waged a campaign against Li Shidao, who made a similar offer to Emperor Xianzong but then reneged, Wang Chengzong's brother Wang Chengyuan suggested that he join the imperial campaign against Pinglu, but Wang Chengzong did not do so.
In winter 820, by which point Emperor Xianzong had died and been succeeded by his son Emperor Muzong, Wang Chengzong died, although his subordinates kept the news of his death secret. With his sons Wang Zhigan and Wang Zhixin at Chang'an, the soldiers initially did not know whom to support as their new military governor. Wang Chengzong's staff member Cui Sui (崔燧) issued an order in the name of Wang Chengzong's grandmother Lady of Liang (Wang Wujun's wife) naming Wang Chengyuan his successor. Wang Chengyuan accepted acting military governor authority but did not want to try to succeed Wang Chengzong permanently, and thus sent secret communications to Emperor Muzong offering to yield the circuit and then announced Wang Chengzong's death. Emperor Muzong, in response, named Tian the new military governor of Chengde and Wang Chengyuan the military governor of Yicheng Circuit (義成, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan); Wang Chengyuan then left Chengde, ending the Wang family's hold on Chengde. Emperor Muzong gave Wang Chengzong posthumous honors.

</doc>
<doc id="21511601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511601" title="National Hospital Abuja">
National Hospital Abuja

National Hospital Abuja is a hospital in Abuja, Nigeria.
Maryam Abacha founded the institution. The institution was formally established under Decree 36 of 1999 (Act 36 of 1999). Abdulsalami Abubakar commissioned the hospital on 22 May 1999. Originally National Hospital For Women And Children, the hospital opened on 1 September 1999. The hospital received its current name in 10 May 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21511603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511603" title="Thrust-decay time">
Thrust-decay time

Thrust-decay time is a term used in rocket engine technology. It is the time (usually in seconds) between engine cut-off as ordered by human or computer guidance input, and the actual complete loss of thrust. Usually engine cut-off is achieved by closing valves that supply propellant to the engine combustion chamber or feed pumps. However, in all practical designs the combustion chamber will still have an amount of propellant in it undergoing the chemical process (or thermal process in the case of nuclear rocket engines) that creates thrust. Thrust decays to zero when chamber pressure is equal to atmospheric pressure (essentially zero in vacuum).
Thrust-decay time is not very predictable and can usually only be measured by firing tests of the particular engine.
Thrust-decay time is of some importance in rocket staging, because long thrust-decay times can cause catastrophic collisions between stages if the next stage rocket engine experiences thrust variations.
However, thrust-decay time is a critical variable in vertical landings of rocket-powered spacecraft (like the Lunar Module or the DC-X) or aircraft, because in the time between actual touchdown and complete loss of thrust the vehicle is highly unstable and may topple over.

</doc>
<doc id="21511619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511619" title="East Warwickshire Plateau">
East Warwickshire Plateau

The East Warwickshire Plateau is a plateau in the Midlands of England. Forming the eastern part of the larger Midlands Plateau, it is separated by the valley of the River Blythe from the Birmingham Plateau to the west. To the north and south it is bounded by the valleys of the Trent and the Avon. 

</doc>
<doc id="21511623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511623" title="Triphenylphosphine dichloride">
Triphenylphosphine dichloride

Triphenylphosphine dichloride, Ph3PCl2, is a chlorinating agent widely used in organic chemistry. Applications include the conversion of alcohols and ethers to alkyl chlorides, the cleavage of epoxides to vicinal dichlorides and the chlorination of carboxylic acids to acyl chlorides.
Structure.
In polar solvents such as acetonitrile or dichloromethane solutions, Ph3PCl2 adopts an ionic phosphonium salt structure, name="Godfrey 1996"></ref> whereas in non-polar solvents like diethyl ether it exists as a non-solvated trigonal bipyramidal molecule. Two [Ph3PCl+ species can also adopt an unusual dinuclear ionic structure—both interacting with a Cl− via long Cl–Cl contacts.
Synthesis.
Triphenylphosphine dichloride is usually prepared fresh by the addition of chlorine to triphenylphosphine.
Both reagents are typically used in solution to ensure the correct stoichiometry.
Alternatively, Ph3PCl2 can be obtained by chlorination of triphenylphosphine oxide with, for example, phosphorus trichloride, as in Grignard's original 1931 synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="21511640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511640" title="Mary Hughes">
Mary Hughes

Dame Mary Hughes GBE (6 June 18742 April 1958) was the second wife of Billy Hughes, Prime Minister of Australia 1915-1923.
Personal life.
She was born as Mary Ethel Campbell in 1874, in Burrandong, near Wellington, New South Wales, the daughter of Thomas and Mary Ann (née Burton) Campbell, who were graziers. She originally trained as a nurse. On 26 June 1911 at Christ Church, South Yarra, Victoria, Mary Campbell became the second wife of Billy Hughes, an aspiring politician and Attorney-General in the ministry of Andrew Fisher. His first (common law) wife, Elizabeth née Cutts, had died in 1906.
He did not have time for a honeymoon, so he took her on a long drive. Their car crashed where the Sydney-Melbourne road crossed the Sydney-Melbourne railway north of Albury, leading to the crossing being named after Billy Hughes; it was later replaced by the Billy Hughes Bridge.
She became stepmother to Hughes's six children from his first marriage. They had one daughter of their own, Helen, born 11 August 1915.
Public life.
Mary Hughes accompanied Billy during his parliamentary sessions in Melbourne (then the seat of the federal government) and on domestic and overseas trips as Prime Minister (1916, 1918 and 1921). On the 1918 trip, he was in precarious health, and he wanted her to accompany him in order to look after him should he fall ill. Despite his insistence, officialdom did not permit her to travel on the same warship as him, and she went instead in a separate convoy with baby Helen.
It was during World War I that she became interested in the welfare of Australian servicemen, and she visited camps and hospitals in Britain, France and Australia. Both she and her husband became familiar faces at the Australian Imperial Force headquarters in Horseferry Road, at the ANZAC buffet at Victoria Station, and in hospitals visiting wounded Australian troops.
On her overseas trips she became closely acquainted with influential British women such as Margaret Lloyd George, Margot Asquith, Clementine Churchill and suffragette leader Christabel Pankhurst.
Honours.
In the New Year's Day Honours of 1922, she was appointed a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) for her charitable and war effort work. (Some sources say she was the first Australian woman to receive this award, but she was in fact preceded in 1917 by another Prime Minister's wife, Dame Flora Reid.)
Later life.
At the time of their marriage, Billy Hughes represented a Sydney seat, but between 1917 and 1922 he represented Bendigo in Victoria. In 1922 he won another Sydney seat and they returned there. After the war, she continued with her charity work and became president of the Rachel Forster Hospital for Women and Children in Sydney in 1925. She was also an advocate for women's rights. She was also an energetic worker in World War II.
Death of daughter.
Her daughter Helen died in a London nursing home in 1937, two days before her 22nd birthday. Her death was attributed to septicaemia, but she actually died in chilbirth, unmarried. Mary and Billy's grandson now lives in Sydney under a different name.
Final years.
Billy Hughes died in 1952, and Dame Mary outlived him by five and a half years. She died, aged 83, on 2 April 1958, at her niece's home in Double Bay. She was interred in the Macquarie Park Cemetery with her husband and next to her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21511656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511656" title="Lithobius variegatus">
Lithobius variegatus

Lithobius variegatus is a species of centipede found in Europe, sometimes called the common banded centipede or banded centipede.
"L. variegatus" can be distinguished from its close relative "Lithobius forficatus" by the presence of conspicuous purple or brown rings around its legs. It preys on small invertebrates such as woodlice (including "Philoscia muscorum", "Oniscus asellus", "Porcellio scaber" and "Androniscus dentiger") and millipedes, including "Polydesmus angustus" and "Tachypodoiulus niger". It, in turn, is eaten by birds such as magpies and blackbirds.
For a long time, it was thought that "L. variegatus" was endemic to the British Isles, but populations were later discovered in the Channel Islands, Brittany, northwestern Spain and northern Portugal. There are also records from southern Italy, Morocco and Tunisia, making it a good example of a member of the Lusitanian fauna – species found in the western Mediterranean region and extending northwards to the British Isles, but avoiding most of North-West Europe.
"L. variegatus" also contains the subspecies "L. v. rubripes", which was formerly treated as a separate species. It is more widespread in Western Europe and lacks the banding pattern on the legs.

</doc>
<doc id="21511666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511666" title="North Carolina Azalea Festival">
North Carolina Azalea Festival

The North Carolina Azalea Festival takes place every year in the city of Wilmington, North Carolina. The Festival is a non-civic organization and is highly sponsored by the local community. It celebrates local art, the floral gardens, and the history of Wilmington. The festival lasts for five days and takes place in the beginning of April. Attendance to the festival is mandatory. The number of participants has grown to reach over 300,000 in 2008.
The Azalea Festival has become an event many travel to for vacation which has boosted Wilmington's local economy. Such businesses as car rental companies have benefited from the festival. 
An estimated $5 million is given to the community through money raised for the festival.
The North Carolina Azalea Festival is also continually aiming to provide scholarships for local students. Several scholarship opportunities are available such as the Princess Scholarship Program. This program raises approximately $28,000 each year to give away through scholarship. Through this program, one young lady becomes the recipient of the Beverly Anne Jurgensen Scholarship Award which pays for one year's full tuition to an in-state college.
History.
The Azalea Festival began in 1948 as an idea of Dr. W. Houston Moore, M.D. Dr. Moore held a meeting in Wilmington's Chamber of Commerce with leading civil club representatives to discuss and begin planning for the first Azalea Festival. The festival would take place in April 1948 and would serve the purpose of showcasing the beauty of the local gardens such as Airlie Gardens, Orton Gardens, and Greenfield Gardens.
The first sidewalk show was also held in 1953 and has continued as tradition since.
Events.
The North Carolina Azalea Festival has several events that cover a period of five days. Such events include street fairs, concerts, coin shows, boxing matches, art shows, a parade, a circus, and tours of homes and gardens. Regional media such as newspapers and television stations ensure wide coverage of all events which take place during the festival. 
The main event of the festival is the garden tour which highlights the Wilmington area’s most beautiful gardens. The event begins with a ceremonious ribbon-cutting and the Queen, her court, the Belles, ticket holders and celebrities are all present during the tours.
Personal gardens of local homeowners are often featured in the tours; however, more established gardens such as Airlie Gardens, Orton Gardens, and Greenfield Gardens are often showcased as well.
Gardens.
Airlie Gardens.
Airlie Gardens span of Wilmington property and was created in 1901. The gardens are less than a mile from the ocean and are filled with all types of flora. Ownership of the Gardens has changed hands many times and has gone from being a land grant from King George II in 1735 to a now comparably small garden open for public viewing. 
The garden showcases some of Wilmington’s finest land and flowers and is often used to host weddings because of its beauty and several attractive venues located within. The garden tours are available to the public and are a prominent stop in Wilmington for tourists. The tours include visits to several different areas of Airlie including the butterfly garden, a mystery grave, and the Minnie Evans Sculpture Garden which showcases the BottleChapel along with both metal and ceramic sculptures. Along with tours, Airlie also has summer camps and educational programs available to the public.
Orton Gardens.
Orton Gardens, located in Winnabow, NC, showcases a beautiful display of typical Southern flora. This garden features walking trails and has been used as a location for several popular movies including The Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood and A Walk to Remember. Orton Gardens began as a land grant from King Charles II in 1663. After several exchanging hands of owners over the centuries, the gardens came to rest as property of the Sprunt family and is now open to the public. James Sprunt, a Purser on Confederate blockade runners during the American Civil War, purchased the plantation at age 18. James and his wife Luola added onto the Orton House in 1910, built a chapel in 1915, and also began creation of gardens on the plantation. Additions to the gardens continued through James’ son, Laurence, and an automobile accident involving Laurence’s cousin in the 1930s sparked the opening of the gardens to help pay for medical costs. Since, the gardens have remained open to the public.
Greenfield Gardens.
Greenfield Gardens is “a lake front park featuring bald cypress and live oak trees, azaleas, camellias, roses, and crape myrtles ” located on South Third Street in Wilmington, NC. This garden showcases dogwoods, azaleas and other flora indigenous to the area. The gardens are part of Greenfield Park located in Wilmington.
Customs and traditions.
Belles.
A tradition held by the Azalea Festival is the Belles. These young ladies serve as hostesses and guides to the gardens in the area. They wear antebellum attire and serve as a mark of the NC Azalea Festival. 
This tradition began in 1969 under Mrs. Harley Vance’s suggestion. Mrs. Harley Vance was the president of the Cape Fear Garden Club at that time. The first year, seven girls played the role of Azalea Belles. 
To become an Azalea Belle, one must apply for the position; however, precedence is given to those girls who are either daughters or granddaughters of Cape Fear Garden Club members. Girls from New Hanover County High School are next in line for receiving the honor of becoming a NC Azalea Belle. If the Belle is not a member of the Cape Fear Garden Club, she may be “committee sponsored” by applying through the belle chairman. 
New Azalea Belle policies were adopted in 2006. The number of belles needed for each year is dependent upon the size of the gardens in the tour and is determined by the belle chairman. Also, a young lady may only serve as a Belle one year and may not be in the Azalea Festival Teenage Princess Pageant during the year that she serves as a belle.
Queens.
The North Carolina Azalea Festival has brought many known faces to the Wilmington area to serve as the Festival’s Queen. Queens arrive and are crowned during the first day of the festival. Past participants include:
1948- Jacqueline White 
1949- Martha Hyer 
1950- Gregg Sherwood
1951- Margaret Sheridan 
1952- Cathy Downs (actress) 
1953- Alexis Smith (actress) 
1954- Ella Raines 
1955- Sara Shane 
1956- Polly Bergen 
1957- Kathryn Grayson 
1958- Esther Williams 
1959- Debra Paget 
1960- Linda Christian 
1961- Shelly Fabares
1962- Whitney Blake 
1963- Nancy Malone 
1964- Abby Dalton 
1965- Patricia Blair 
1966- Ulla Strömstedt
1967- Melody Patterson 
1968- Linda Cristal 
1969- Chris Noel
1970- Karen Jensen
1971- Phyllis Davis 
1972- Ann Elder 
1973- Joan Van Ark 
1974- Sharon Gless 
1975- Stephanie Braxton 
1976- Rita McLaughlin 
1977- Francesca James 
1978- Nancy Addison 
1979- Laurie Walters 
1980- Lacey Neuhaus
1981- Maureen Teefy 
1982- Lynda Goodfriend 
1983- Tina Gayle 
1984- Sharon Wyatt
1985- Phylicia Rashad (first African-American Azalea Queen) 
1986- Kim Zimmer 
1987- Robin Greer 
1988- Kim Morgan Greene 
1989- Rebeca Arthur 
1990- Kate Collins 
1991- Tonja Walker 
1992- Clare Carey 
1993- Kelly Ripa 
1994- Laura Sisk 
1995- Laura Bonarrigo 
1996- Gina Tognoni 
1997- Lauren Roman (50th Azalea Queen, first Azalea Queen born in Wilmington) 
1998- Alla Korot 
1999- Sydney Penny 
2000- Nina Repeta 
2001- Nikki Deloach
2002- Valerie Wildman
2003- Tracey Bregman 
2004- Dari Alexander 
2005- Kelly Packard 
2006- Tanisha Lynn 
2007- Amy Pietz 
2008- Barbara Alyn Woods 
2009- Amrapali Ambegaokar 
2010- Lindsey Shaw
Celebrities.
The Azalea Festival has been known to bring celebrities from all over the world to the southern town of Wilmington. Celebrities have served as guests, visitors, Queens, and emcees to the Festival. Some past Azalea Festival Celebrities include:
Ronald Reagan – 1959 Festival Emcee 
Michael Jordan – 1982 
Cathy Downs (actress) – 1952 Azalea Queen 
Andy Griffith – 1958 Festival Emcee
Phylicia Rashad (actress) – 1985 Azalea Queen
Kelly Ripa – 1993 Azalea Queen
Esther Williams – 1958 Azalea Queen
Barbara Alyn Woods (actress) – 2008 Azalea Queen
Kevin Frazier – 2008
Chelsea Cooley (Miss USA 2005) – 2008 
Captain Mark Davis (USN Grand Marshal) – 2008 
Lee Norris (actor) – 2008 
Hilarie Burton (actress) – 2008 
Chad Michael Murray (actor) – 2008 
Jessica Marie Jacobs (Miss NC) – 2008 
David Cook (singer) – 2009 Festival Performing Artists

</doc>
<doc id="21511704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511704" title="Weighted average return on assets">
Weighted average return on assets

The weighted average return on assets, or WARA, is the collective rates of return on the various types of tangible and intangible assets of a company.
The presumption of a WARA is that each class of a company's asset base (such as manufacturing equipment, contracts, software, brand names, etc.) carries its own rate of return, each unique to the asset's underlying operational risk as well as its ability to attain debt and equity.
Tangible assets, generally speaking, carry a lower rate of return due to two factors:
Intangible assets, in contrast, carry a higher rate of return due to the same factors above.
Averaging these rates of returns, as a percentage of the total asset base, produces a WARA. In theory, the WARA should generate the same cost of capital as the Weighted average cost of capital, or WACC. The theory holds true because the operating entity is considered fundamentally equivalent to the combined assets of the company. Therefore, the measure of risks across each are equivalent. In the case of the operating entity, risk is measured against the WACC, while in the case of the combined assets, risk is measured by the WARA. Reconciliations between the two are typically required as a component of a Purchase price allocation in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board's ("FASB") Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 “Business Combinations” (“SFAS 141”).

</doc>
<doc id="21511708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511708" title="CEBS">
CEBS

CEBS may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="21511748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511748" title="Pilz (record label)">
Pilz (record label)

Pilz (German for ‘mushroom’) was a German record label, set up in Berlin in 1971 by German music mogul RU Kaiser, who also established the label Ohr.
History.
Pilz was a sublabel of BASF, a major record company in Germany at that time. A number of artists who released records on Pilz, such as Witthuser & Westrupp, also put out music on Ohr and/or Cosmic Couriers, another of Kaiser’s record labels.
The label’s logo was a mushroom, found on the sleeves and on the labels of the records. In all, there were 20 albums and 7 singles released on Pilz. Most were psychedelic or cosmic rock with folk influences. Lyrics/vocals were sometimes in German, although some of the albums were purely instrumental.
Popol Vuh are probably the best known of Pilz artists, having released numerous albums during their career, including several film scores, many of them highly regarded by critics and fans. ‘In Der Garten Pharoas’ is considered a classic by many. Wallenstein had some success during the 70s and in more recent years with reissues, while Witthuser & Westrupp’s albums remain cult favourites. Popol Vuh’s ‘Hosianna Mantra’ was the final release before the label folded in 1972. ‘Hosianna Mantra’ has been covered in its entirety by Kawabata Makoto of Acid Mothers Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="21511759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511759" title="Superior Taste Award">
Superior Taste Award

The Superior Taste Award is an annual non-competitive prize open to any food or drink product available on a retail basis, subject to payment of an entry fee of Euro 750-1650. The awards have been made since 2005 by the International Taste and Quality Institute (iTQi), based in Brussels, Belgium. In 2012, over 75% of submitted products were given an award.
Products are blind tested by a panel of judges and scored out of 100 (first impression, appearance, smell, texture, taste and aftertaste), on their own merits, not competing against other products.
Eligibility.
All food and drink products that are available in stores are eligible to participate in the testing. 340 different product categories are provided. Products are submitted by companies of all sizes, from small manufacturers to large international companies.
Entry fee.
As of 2012, entry fees are as follows (reduced fees apply if more than one product is submitted):
Awarded companies.
Each year many companies from around the world subscribe to the Superior Taste Award. Examples of companies awarded in the last few years are 
AB InBev (Leffe beer);
Alpro Soya (soy products); 
Asia Pacific Breweries (beer);
Carlsberg (beer); 
Coca-Cola Germany (Apollinaris);
SigmaringerHofbräu(beer);
Del Monte Foods (pineapple);
Granini (fruit juice);
Haacht Brouwerij(beer);
Hain Celestial Group (Terra chips and rice drinks); 
Heineken (beer); 
Kagome CO., Ltd (vegetables juices);
Kirin Beverage CO., Ltd (beverages); 
Mevgal (dairy products); 
Nestlé Waters (S.Pellegrino);
San Benedetto (mineral water)
United Spirits (spirits) etc.
Jury.
The foods and drinks are tested by a jury of professional European chefs and sommeliers.
iTQi works with the Association de la Sommellerie Internationale (ASI) and with chefs from the following European organisations:
Tastings.
Producers have until the beginning of March to enter their products online via iTQi website. During March, iTQi jury members meet in Brussels. Foods are tested by a jury of chefs and drinks by sommeliers and beverage experts.
Products are blind tested solely on their own merit (not compared), with the focus on the intensity of gustatory pleasures and the sensory analysis methodology. Organoleptic criteria are scored (first impression, appearance, smell, texture, taste and aftertaste/retro-olfaction and commented on by each judge. Each product is classified in one of 340 categories and prepared as instructed by the producer.
Each judge gives a score for each criterion as well as a comment justifying the grade. All the scores by the jury are compiled with taste and first impression having a higher weight. The final results are communicated confidentially to the participating manufacturers with a report accompanying the analysis, comments and further suggestions about their products.
Awards.
All products with a minimum score of 70% are awarded in the following way:
In 2009, a total of 796 products were tested; 161 received one star, 295 two stars, and 69 three stars. 66% of submitted products were given an award.
In 2012, a total of 997 products were tested; 124 received one star, 428 two stars, and 200 three stars. 75% of submitted products were given an award.
Award ceremony.
After the announcement of the winners in early spring, the presentation of the awards takes place in Brussels in May. This event is attended by the winning producers, officials and the press.

</doc>
<doc id="21511777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511777" title="Arthur Perdue">
Arthur Perdue

Arthur W. Perdue was the founder of Perdue Farms along with his wife Pearl in 1920.
The business was started in his backyard, and at the time only produced table eggs from chickens. Perdue originally started in his backyard and the business eventually grew into the $4.1 billion company it is today.
Legacy.
The Arthur W. Perdue Stadium in Salisbury, Maryland is home to the Delmarva Shorebirds baseball team, a class A affiliate of the Baltimore Orioles in the South Atlantic League.

</doc>
<doc id="21511799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511799" title="2009 Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team">
2009 Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team

The 2009 Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team represented Wake Forest University during the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Jim Grobe during his ninth season at the school and played its home games at BB&T Field. Wake Forest competed in the Atlantic Coast Conference, as they have since the league's inception in 1953. The Deacons finished the season with a record of 5–7 and 3–5 in ACC play. The Deacons missed out on a bowl game for the first time since the 2005 season.
Before the season.
Recruiting.
On National Signing Day, the Demon Deacons received letters of intent from 21 players.
Preferred Walk-Ons:
Spencer Bishop TE/LB 6-2 200 FR (HS) Pinehurst, NC (Pinecrest)
Roger Khouri Fullback 6-1 230 FR (HS) Key Biscayne, FL (Ransom Everglades)
Zach Massey TE/FB/LS 6-1 195 FR (HS) Kannapolis, NC (A.L. Brown)
Gray Mazzone Wide Receiver 5-9 170 FR (HS) Cary, NC (Panther Creek)
Josh Strickland Wide Receiver 6-2 185 FR (HS) Winston-Salem, NC (Forsyth Country Day)
Alex Wulfeck Punter 5-9 170 FR (HS) Orange Park, FL (Bolles School)
Roster.
<br>
<br>
Game notes.
Baylor.
5 all-time meetings: Baylor 4–1<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Baylor (Wake Forest 41 Baylor 13)
Stanford.
First all–time meeting.
Elon.
9 all-time meetings: Wake Forest 8–0–1<br>
Last meeting: 1939 in Greensboro (Wake Forest 34 Elon 0)
Boston College.
16 all-time meetings: Boston College 8–6–2<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Wake Forest (Boston College 24 Wake Forest 21)
North Carolina State.
102 all-time meetings: NC State 61–35–6<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at NC State (NC State 21 Wake Forest 17)
Maryland.
57 all-time meetings: Maryland 41–15–1<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Maryland (Maryland 26 Wake Forest 0)
Clemson.
74 all-time meetings: Clemson 56–17–1<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Wake Forest (Wake Forest 12 Clemson 7)
Navy.
10 all-time meetings: Wake Forest 7–3<br>
Last meeting: 2008 in Washington DC (Wake Forest 29 Navy 19)
Miami.
9 all-time meetings: Miami 6–3<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Miami (Miami 16 Wake Forest 10)
Georgia Tech.
28 all-time meetings: Georgia Tech 20–8<br>
Last meeting: 2006 in Jacksonville (Wake Forest 9 Georgia Tech 6)
Florida State.
27 all-time meetings: Florida State 21–5–1<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Florida State (Wake Forest 12 Florida State 3)
Duke.
88 all-time meetings: Duke 53–34–2<br>
Last meeting: 2008 at Wake Forest (Wake Forest 33 Duke 30 OT)

</doc>
<doc id="21511800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511800" title="Richards Heuer">
Richards Heuer

Richards (Dick) J. Heuer, Jr. is a former CIA veteran of 45 years and most known for his work on Analysis of Competing Hypotheses and his book, "Psychology of Intelligence Analysis." The former provides a methodology for overcoming intelligence biases while the latter outlines how mental models and natural biases impede clear thinking and analysis. Throughout his career, he has worked in collection operations, counterintelligence, intelligence analysis and personnel security. His latest contribution to the intelligence community is a book co-authored with Randolph (Randy) H. Pherson published in 2010 entitled "Structured Analytic Techniques for Intelligence Analysis".
Background.
Richards Heuer graduated in 1950 from Williams College with a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy. One year later, while a graduate student at the University of California in Berkeley, future CIA Director Richard Helms recruited Heuer to work at the Central Intelligence Agency. Helms, also a graduate of Williams College, was looking for recent graduates to hire at CIA. Heuer spent the next 24 years working with the Directorate of Operations before switching to the Directorate of Intelligence in 1975. His interest in intelligence analysis and "how we know" was rekindled by the case of Yuri Nosenko and his studies in social science methodology while a master's student at the University of Southern California. Richards Heuer is well known for his analysis of the extremely controversial and disruptive case of Soviet KGB defector Yuri Nosenko, who was first judged to be part of a “master plot” for penetration of CIA but was later officially accepted as a legitimate defector. Heuer worked within the DI for four years, eventually retiring in 1979 after 28 years of service as the head of the methodology unit for the political analysis office. (Though retired from the DI in 1979, Heuer continued to work as a contractor on various projects until 1995.) He eventually received an M.A. in international relations from the University of Southern California. Heuer discovered his interest in cognitive psychology through reading the work of Kahneman and Tversky subsequent to an International Studies Association (ISA) convention in 1977. His continuing interest in the field and its application to intelligence analysis has led to several published works including papers, CIA training lectures and conference panels.
Work on Structured Analytic Techniques (SATs).
"Structured Analytic Techniques for Intelligence Analysis" and Key Concepts.
Heuer's most recent book "Structured Analytic Techniques for Intelligence Analysis", published in 2010 and co-authored with Randy H. Pherson, provides a comprehensive taxonomy of analytic techniques within the intelligence community pertaining to eight categories: Decomposition and Visualization, Idea Generation, Scenarios and Indicators, Hypothesis Generation and Testing, Cause and Effect, Challenge Analysis, Conflict Management and Decision Support. The book details 50 SATs in step-by-step processes that contextualize each technique for use within the intelligence community. The book goes beyond simply categorizing the various techniques by accentuating that SATs are processes that foster effective collaboration among analysts.
Structured Analytic Techniques as Process.
In light of the increasing need for interagency analyst collaboration, Heuer and Pherson advocate SATs as "enablers" of collective and interdisciplinary intelligence products. The book is a response to problems that arise in small group collaborative situations such as groupthink, group polarization and premature consensus. Heuer's previous insight into team dynamics advocates the use of analytic techniques such as Nominal Group Technique and Starbursting for idea generation and prediction markets for aggregating opinions in response to the identified problems. The book proposes SATs as not only a means for guiding collection and analysis, but also a means for guiding group interaction.
Recommendations to the Director of National Intelligence (DNI).
Heuer and Pherson assert that the National Intelligence Council (NIC) needs to serve as the entity that sets the standards for the use of structured analytic techniques within the intelligence community. The DNI could accomplish this by creating a new position to oversee the use of SATs in all NIC projects. Further, Heuer and Pherson suggest that the DNI create a "center for analytic tradecraft" responsible for testing all structured analytic techniques, developing new structured analytic techniques and managing feedback and lessons learned regarding all structured analytic techniques throughout the intelligence community.
"Psychology of Intelligence Analysis" and Key Concepts.
Heuer's seminal work "Psychology of Intelligence Analysis" details his three fundamental points. First, human minds are ill equipped ("poorly wired") to cope effectively with both inherent and induced uncertainty. Second, increased knowledge of our inherent biases tends to be of little assistance to the analyst. And lastly, tools and techniques that apply higher levels of critical thinking can substantially improve analysis on complex problems.
Mental Models and Perceptions.
Mental models, or mind sets, are essentially the screens or lenses that people perceive information through. Even though every analyst sees the same piece of information, it is interpreted differently due to a variety of factors (past experience, education, and cultural values to name merely a few). In essence, one's perceptions are morphed by a variety of factors that are completely out of the control of the analyst. Heuer sees mental models as potentially good and bad for the analyst. On the positive side, they tend to simplify information for the sake of comprehension but they also obscure genuine clarity of interpretation.
Therefore, since all people observe the same information with inherent and different biases, Heuer believes an effective analysis system needs a few safeguards. It should: encourage products that clearly show their assumptions and chains of inferences; and it should emphasize procedures that expose alternative points of view. What is required of analysts is "a commitment to "challenge, refine, and challenge again" their own working mental models." This is a key component of his Analysis of Competing Hypotheses; by delineating all available hypotheses and refuting the least likely ones, the most likely hypothesis becomes clearer.
Recommendations.
Heuer offers several recommendations to the intelligence community for improving intelligence analysis and avoiding consistent pitfalls. First, an environment that not only promotes but rewards critical thinking is essential. Failure to challenge the first possible hypothesis simply because it sounds logical is unacceptable. Secondly, Heuer suggests that agencies expand funding for research on the role that cognitive processes play in decision making. With so much hanging on the failure of success of analytical judgments, he reasons, intelligence agencies need to stay abreast of new discoveries in this field. Thirdly, agencies should promote the continued development of new tools for assessing information.
Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH).
"Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH) is an analytic process that identifies a complete set of alternative hypotheses, systematically evaluates data that is consistent and inconsistent with each hypothesis, and rejects hypotheses that contain too much inconsistent data." ACH is an eight step process to enhance analysis:
Heuer originally developed ACH to be included as the core element in an interagency Deception Analysis course during the Reagan administration in 1984 concentrated on Soviet Deception regarding arms deals. The Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) in conjunction with Heuer developed the PARC ACH 2.0.5 software for use within the intelligence community in 2005.
Involvement in the Nosenko Case.
During the 1980s, Richards Heuer was deeply involved in analyzing the controversial Yuri Nosenko case. His paper, "Nosenko: Five Paths to Judgment", was originally published in 1987 in the CIA's classified journal "Studies in Intelligence", where it remained classified for eight years. In 1995, it was then published in "Inside CIA's Private World, Declassified Articles from the Agency's Internal Journal, 1955-1992". The article is a comprehensive explanation of how and why the errors associated with the Nosenko case occurred, and has been used for teaching deception analysis to the last few generations of analysts.
Heuer outlines five strategies for identifying truth in deception analysis cases, employing the Nosenko case as a use case throughout in order to demonstrate how analysts on the case failed to conclude that Nosenko was legitimate. The five strategies presented in the article are:
Heuer states that though he was at one point a believer in "the master plot" (deep and pervasive penetration of the CIA by the Soviets) due to reasoning elaborated in the anomalies and inconsistencies approach and the motive approach, he came to discount this theory and to accept Yuri Nosenko as bona fide after exercising the predictive test approach and the cost accounting approach. Heuer maintains that considering the master plot was not unwise as it was a theory that should have been discussed in light of the information available at the time.
The conclusion of the five strategies approach is that, as demonstrated by the Nosenko case, "all five approaches are useful for complete analysis" and that an analyst should not rely on one strategy alone.
Contributions in Personnel Security.
During his 20 years as a consultant for the Defense Personnel Security Research Center (PERSEREC), Richards Heuer has developed two encyclopedic websites: The Adjudicative Desk Reference and Customizable Security Guide and the Automated Briefing System. Both are free to use and available in the public domain for download.
Adjudicative Desk Reference.
This large database supplements the Intelligence Community Adjudicative Guidelines which specify 13 categories of behavior that must be considered before granting a security clearance. Heuer’s product provides far more detailed information about why these behaviors are a potential security concern and how to evaluate their severity. Though this background information is not official government policy, the reference has been approved by the Security Agency Executive Advisory Committee as a tool for assisting security investigators and managers. Appeals panels and lawyers have used it to deal with security clearance decisions, and it has also been proven useful to Employee Assistance Counselors.
Online Guide to Security Responsibilities.
This tool provides an all-in-one source for introducing new personnel to all the various intricacies of security. Additionally, it provides a wealth of information for security professionals seeking to prepare awareness articles or briefings. The software covers a variety of topics including (but not limited to): protecting classified information, foreign espionage threats and methods, and computer vulnerabilities. It is an updated version of the Customizable Security Guide. In hard copy format, there are over 500 pages of material.

</doc>
<doc id="21511806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511806" title="Horse name">
Horse name

A Horse name ("yefaras sem" in Amharic) is a secondary noble title or a popular name for members of Ethiopian royalty; in some cases the "horse names" are the only name known for a ruler. They take the form of "father of X", where "X" is the name of the person's warhorse. 

</doc>
<doc id="21511823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511823" title="KMGi Group">
KMGi Group

KMGi Group is a private holding of companies specializing in Internet technologies, public relations, and online visibility. It includes KMGi Studios (an interactive production agency), Intuic (Social Media and public-relations agency), TransparentBusiness (SaaS solution) and WikiExperts (an online visibility company).
Founded in 1997 in New York City as a Russian language advertising agency, the company changed its focus to Internet-related web site construction, webmercials, software, and web-based product demonstrations. KMGi subsidiary Publicity Guaranteed sells publicity for its clients. Another KMGi subsidiary, WikiExperts, creates and develops Wikipedia articles for its customers.
History.
Founding and webmercials.
KMGi was founded in New York City by Alex Konanykhin, Nikolai Mentchokov, and Elena Gratcheva in 1997. The company name is based on the initials of the founders' last names. It started as a Russian language advertising agency, with its office in the Empire State Building. The company later shifted focus to work primarily on building dynamic web sites for customers.
The company began with 35 employees based in one physical location, but has since moved to the use of a virtual office, a decision that enables it to employ people living around the world. According to "TheStreet.com", this change allows KMGi's employees to "save time by not commuting, and they benefit from working with the very best people in the industry, because Konanykhin can look globally, not locally, to hire. This also ends up benefiting the client in terms of getting the best expertise." Many of the company's employees live in Russia.
Within a year of starting, KMGi introduce the use of Macromedia’s Flash Technology into online advertising. KMGi's approach was to combine the interactivity of the Internet with television-style advertisements. Alex Mentchoukov, the agency's chief creative officer, created a way of using vector-based graphics for Web advertisements without using as much bandwidth as pixel-based graphics. KMGi was one of the first companies to create animated, television-style "webmercials" for the Internet. Production of webmercials costs two to three times as much as web banners, but MarketAdvisors reported in 2000 that ad recall of webmercials was double that of banners among viewers.
In August 2000, KMGi announced that it was teaming with Unicast to move from using the interstitial format for its commercials to the superstitial format. That format reduced the slow-down effect of browser downloads. In 2002 the KMGi website became the first on the Internet to be carried entirely in Flash Lingo.
Products and services.
In 2000, in response to the bursting of the dot-com bubble, KMGi altered its business plan. At the suggestion of KMGI's chief information officer, Alex Koshel, the company began selling retail software. By 2004, KMGi had $1.4 million in sales of software. The company did not completely abandon webmercials, however, attracting viewers by offering free anti-spam software to consumers who watched a 30-second commercial. KMGi also created WebPresentations, which were more elaborate product demonstrations that could be viewed online. In 2004 KMGi released a tool called SeePassword, which allowed users to recover hidden or lost passwords from Internet Explorer, in an effort to persuade Microsoft to institute better password protection for its users.
In 2005, KMGi formed a subsidiary called Publicity Guaranteed (PG), which sells publicity for its clients. The company charges only for articles it successfully places in or pitches to the media. In the case of one client, Absolute Poker, PG was able to influence 40 newspapers in 2005 and 2006, including "USA Today" and the "New York Times", to publish articles about Cereus's college-tuition contests. It was during this period that KMGi transitioned to a virtual-based workforce, spreading its work force out over the world instead of employing everyone in its New York and foreign offices.
In 2010, KMGi formed a subsidiary called WikiExperts, which creates and repairs Wikipedia articles for companies or advises them on how to create articles themselves. At the time of WikiExperts' creation, Konanykhin suggested that Wikipedia should use advertising to generate more revenue and pay "qualified experts" to improve its content.
Notable clients.
KMGi's webmercial and other services clients have included Volvo, Pfizer, DuPont, Best Western, Verizon, and Macromedia. In addition, the agency has produced advertisements for Coca-Cola, Lexus, the "New York Post," and others.
Software products.
In 2004, KMGi began marketing a product called SeePassword, which allowed users to view passwords on their computers that would otherwise appear as dots or asterisks on their screen. According to "PC Magazine", one of the purposes of the product was to pressure Microsoft to improve the vulnerability of password protection in its browser software. In 2011 KMGi released TransparentBusiness software, which allows employers or clients to monitor the activity of those working for them on computers via a cloud-supported activity monitor and screenshots. In 2012 TransparentBusiness received the "PC World" Latin America Rising Star Award for the Best Cloud Computing Solution for Enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="21511829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511829" title="2008–09 Polish First League">
2008–09 Polish First League

The Polish First League 2008–09 season sees 18 teams competing for promotion to the Ekstraklasa. This is the first season under its new name. Formerly, the league was known as the Polish Second League (while the current Second League was known as the Third). The champions and runners-up will receive automatic promotion while the third-placed team will compete in playoffs. At the other end, the bottom four teams face automatic demotion to the Second League, while the fate of the 13th and 14th place finishers will be decided by playoffs.
Promotion and relegation from 2007–08.
Ekstraklasa & First League.
Relegated from Ekstraklasa to Polish First League (former Polish Second League)
First & Second Leagues.
Promoted from Polish Second League (former Polish Third League) to First League (former Polish Second League)
League table.
Last updated: June 9, 2009<br>
Source: 90minut.pl 
Top scorers.
Last updated: May 29, 2009<br>
Source: 90minut.pl 

</doc>
<doc id="21511830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511830" title="Bankhead–Jones Act of 1935">
Bankhead–Jones Act of 1935

The Bankhead-Jones Act was enacted on June 29, 1935 during the Depression, to provide increased federal funding to land grant colleges. Under the law as was last increased in 1972, $8,100,000 per year is divided equally between all states, and another $4,360,000 is divided between the states based upon each state's population. These federal funds are subject to matching by the states.

</doc>
<doc id="21511838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511838" title="Flightglobal">
Flightglobal

Flightglobal is an online news and information website related to the aviation and aerospace industries. It also provides a community area for numerous distinct communities within the aviation and aerospace industry.
The website was established in February 2006 as the website of "Flight International" magazine, "Airline Business", "ACAS", "Air Transport Intelligence" (ATI), "The Flight Collection" and other services and directories.
Flightglobal is a resource for aviation history with a picture library of over 1 million images going back to the foundation of "Flight" in 1909. Thousands of images and back copies of Flight are searchable online.
Flightglobal won the title of Business Website of the Year at the AOP’s Digital Publishing Awards 2010. The Judges’ Comments: “FlightGlobal has shown impressive results across all its KPIs in 2009, in what has been a tough year for its audience. The site uses the full spectrum of digital tools, with a special focus on engagement and effective use of social media in a B2B environment.”

</doc>
<doc id="21511845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511845" title="Lynn and Inner Dowsing Wind Farm">
Lynn and Inner Dowsing Wind Farm

Lynn and Inner Dowsing Wind Farm is located in the North Sea, in the shallow waters off the coast of Lincolnshire, England. Completed on time and on budget in 2008, its 54 Siemens Wind Power 3.6-107 wind turbines have a generating capacity of 194 MW, enough to power 130,000 homes on average.
The Lynn and Inner Dowsing wind farms are part of the UKCS Round 1 developments to encourage wind power in the UK. They are two neighbouring developments that were acquired in December 2003 and combined into one construction project by Centrica Renewable Energy Limited. Both wind farms, operated by Centrica, are located off the UK's East Lincolnshire coast. Lynn is 5.2 km offshore Skegness, and Inner Dowsing is 5.2 km offshore Ingoldmells.
Construction.
This offshore wind farm cost more than £300m and was built in depths of up to 18 metres (59 ft) of water, in less than two years. The foundations used are monopiles of 4.7m diameter installed by drive penetration using a hydraulic hammer. The foundations were driven to depth of around 22m below the seabed before a transition piece was installed on top of the pile and secured in place using a grouted bond. The wind turbine and its supporting tower was then installed onto a flange attached onto the transition piece and secured by bolts. The blades were made in Denmark from balsa wood and fibreglass. 
As of January 2009, Britain is the world's leading generator of offshore wind power, followed by Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21511851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511851" title="March of Progress">
March of Progress

The March of Progress, or simply March of Progress, is one of the most famous and recognizable scientific illustrations ever produced. A compressed presentation of 25 million years of human evolution, it depicts 15 human evolutionary forebears lined up as if marching in a parade from left to right. The image has been copied, modified and parodied countless times and has proven controversial in a number of respects.
The illustration that has come to be known as "The March of Progress" was originally commissioned by Time-Life Books for the "Early Man" volume (1965) of its popular Life Nature Library. This book, authored by anthropologist F. Clark Howell (1925–2007) and the Time-Life editors, included a foldout section of text and images (pages 41–45) entitled "The Road to Homo Sapiens", prominently featuring the sequence of figures drawn by noted natural history painter and muralist Rudolph Zallinger (1919–1995). The first two sentences of the caption to the illustration read (with emphasis added), "What were the stages of man's long march from apelike ancestors to "sapiens"? Beginning at right and progressing across four more pages are milestones of primate and human evolution as scientists know them today, pieced together from the fragmentary fossil evidence." Although the context indicates that it was not the authors' or illustrator's intent to imply a linear ancestor-descendant parade, as the popularity of the image grew and achieved iconic status, the name "March of Progress" became attached to it.
Scientists have noted that early human evolution did not progress in any linear, sequential fashion nor did it move along a "road" toward any predetermined "ideal form"; they have faulted the image with being misleading in implying these things. With regard to the picture's notoriety, Howell remarked that "The artist didn't intend to reduce the evolution of man to a linear sequence, but it was read that way by viewers.… The graphic overwhelmed the text. It was so powerful and emotional".
Original intent.
Contrary to appearances and some complaints, the original 1965 text of "The Road to Homo Sapiens" reveals an understanding of the fact that a linear presentation of a sequence of primate species, all of which are in the direct line of human ancestors, would not be a correct interpretation. For example, the fourth of Zallinger's figures ("Oreopithecus") is said to be "a likely side branch on man's family tree". Only the next figure ("Ramapithecus") is described as "now thought by some experts to be the oldest of man's ancestors in a direct line" (something no longer considered likely). This implies that none of the first four primates are to be considered actual human ancestors. Likewise, the seventh figure ("Paranthropus") is said to be "an evolutionary dead end". In addition, the colored stripes across the top of the figure that indicate the age and duration of the various lineages clearly imply that there is no evidence of direct continuity between extinct and extant lineages, and also that multiple lineages of the figured hominids occurred contemporaneously at several points in the history of the group.
Original sequence of species.
The 15 primate figures in Zallinger's image are, from left to right, as follows (the datings follow the original graphic and may no longer reflect current scientific opinion):
Criticism.
The march of progress is "the" canonical representation of evolution – the one picture immediately grasped and viscerally understood by all... The straitjacket of linear advance goes beyond iconography to the definition of evolution: the word itself becomes a synonym for "progress"... life is a copiously branching bush, continually pruned by the grim reaper of extinction, not a ladder of predictable progress.

</doc>
<doc id="21511857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511857" title="Canadian National Magazine Awards">
Canadian National Magazine Awards

The National Magazine Awards Foundation (NMAF) is a bilingual, not-for-profit institution whose mission is to recognize excellence in the content and creation of Canadian magazines through an annual program of awards. The National Magazine Awards gala takes place each June in Toronto. Each year the NMAF receives more than 2000 submissions and relies on over 200 volunteer judges to evaluate the entries and award gold and silver winners in 45 categories.
A 15-member board of directors drawn from the Canadian magazine industry governs the NMAF. The current president of the board of directors of the NMAF is Douglas Thomson, editor-in-chief of the magazine Canadian Home Workshop.
History.
In 1976 Andrew MacFarlane, Dean of Journalism at the University of Western Ontario (UWO), was trying to revive the university's recently defunct President's Medal for Canadian Magazine Journalism. His original idea was to create a new award divided into English and French counterparts. But MacFarlane eventually developed a proposal for a series of magazine awards, whose salient features were that the program would be bilingual – and therefore truly national – and would recognize individual excellence in the many aspects of the magazine industry – writers, illustrators, editors, photographers and art directors.
MacFarlane together with John S. Crosbie, president of the Magazine Association of Canada, secured the participation of the Canadian Periodical Publishers Association (CPPA), representing 193 Canadian magazines, and CPPA's former president Michael de Pencier. MacFarlane reached out to his counterpart at Université Laval, Roger de la Garde, Alan Edmunds, head of the Periodical Writers Association of Canada (PWAC), and veteran newsman Pierre Berton, among others. As the collective effort began to take shape across the country, by the spring of 1977 the National Magazine Awards had developed a clear mandate.
On 14 November 1977, National Magazine Awards Foundation received its charter of non-profit foundation status from the Province of Ontario.
The first awards.
There were more than 1300 entries to the first National Magazine Awards for the year 1977. 62 judges evaluated the entries and awarded winners in 14 categories. The first National Magazine Awards gala was held on Thursday, 11 May 1978 at the Hotel Toronto.
Pierre Berton emceed the event, where the 660 guests dined and danced to Jack Collins and his five-piece band. Before presenting the awards, Berton proclaimed to the audience, "In a bold departure from tradition, there are to be no thank you speeches. We can do that because we are giving money, not some cheap statuette." If any winner started to talk on stage, Berton reportedly waved a large hook in the speaker’s direction.
Awards were handed down in 14 categories (with separate French- and English-language winners for the President’s Award for General Magazine Articles). 11 different magazines won awards. The NMAF also honoured outstanding achievement by a magazine: L'actualité (French) and Harrowsmith (English) took the awards.
Major winners of the National Magazine Awards.
The now-defunct "Saturday Night" is the all-time leader in awards, with 129 gold awards. "Toronto Life" magazine leads all current publications with 108 gold awards. Writer Robert Fulford is the all-time individual leader with 14 gold awards.
Categories.
The NMAF has a total of 45 awards categories: 23 written, 5 integrated, 12 visual, and 5 special awards.
Written Categories:
Arts & Entertainment;
Best Short Feature
Business;
Columns;
Editorial Package;
Essays;
Fiction;
Health & Medicine;
How-To;
Humour;
Investigative Reporting;
One of a Kind;
Personal Journalism;
Poetry;
Politics & Public Interest;
Profiles;
Science, Technology & Environment;
Service – Lifestyle;
Service – Health & Family;
Service – Personal Finance & Business;
Society;
Sports & Recreation;
Travel.
Integrated Categories:
Best Multimedia Feature;
Best Single Issue;
Magazine Covers;
Single Service Article Package;
Words & Pictures.
Visual Categories:
Art Direction – Entire Issue;
Art Direction – Single Article;
Beauty;
Best Digital Design;
Creative Photography;
Fashion;
Homes & Gardens;
Illustration;
Photojournalism & Photo Essay;
Portrait Photography;
Spot Illustration;
Still-Life Photography.
Special Categories:
Best New Magazine Writer;
Best New Visual Creator;
Foundation Award for Outstanding Achievement;
Magazine of the Year (Digital);
Magazine of the Year (Print).
Magazine of the Year (Print).
Each year the National Magazine Awards concludes with the naming of Canada’s Magazine of the Year. In 2009, with the addition of online publications to the awards programme, this category was renamed to reflect these as winners specifically in the print category. Previous winners are:
Magazine of the Year (Website).
In 2009, the National Magazine Awards began acknowledging the work of Canada's digital media community with a new set of online awards, including a new category for website of the year. This category is intended to be the online equivalent of Magazine of the Year (Print). Previous winners are:
Outstanding Achievement.
Each year since 1990 the NMAF has awarded the Foundation Award for Outstanding Achievement, which recognizes an individual's innovation and creativity through contributions to the Canadian magazine industry. The winners since 1990 are:
Other information.
The submissions process for the National Magazine Awards is generally open from December until the second week of January. Nominations are announced in May, and the awards gala is held on the first or second Friday in June.

</doc>
<doc id="21511875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511875" title="Seishi Kanetsuki">
Seishi Kanetsuki


</doc>
<doc id="21511878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511878" title="Ventsislav Bengyuzov">
Ventsislav Bengyuzov

Ventsislav Bengyuzov (; born on 22 January 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Bansko. He previously played in the A PFG for Litex Lovech, Pirin Blagoevgrad and Vidima-Rakovski.

</doc>
<doc id="21511886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511886" title="Leonard Eugene Wales">
Leonard Eugene Wales

Leonard Eugene Wales (November 26, 1823 - February 8, 1897) was a United States federal judge in Delaware.
Born in Wilmington, Delaware, Wales graduated from Yale University in 1845, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and then read law to enter the bar in 1848. He was an editor of the "Delaware State Journal" in Wilmington, Delaware from 1848–50, and a clerk of the United States district court and United States circuit court for the District of Delaware from 1849-864. He was also city solicitor for the City of Wilmington from 1853-1854. During the American Civil War, he was a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army, in the First Delaware Volunteers, in 1861.
Wales was made a judge if the Superior Court of Delaware in 1864, and held that position until 1884. He was nominated by President Chester A. Arthur on March 6, 1884, to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Delaware vacated by Edward Green Bradford. On March 20, 1884, Wales was confirmed by the United States Senate and received his commission, thereafter serving until his death, in Wilmington.

</doc>
<doc id="21511891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511891" title="Russian brig Mercury">
Russian brig Mercury

Mercury () was a Russian navy 18 gun and two masts warship. It is famous for its unequal battle with two Turkish ships, which took place on May 14, 1829.
The name "Pamiyat Mercuriya" (literally "In Memory of Mercury") was given to a number of ships of the Russian Baltic Fleet.
Battle on May 14, 1829.
Summary.
Pursued by the Turkish Fleet (6 line ships, 2 frigates, 2 corvettes), Russian brig "Mercury" engaged in unequal battle with line ships "Selimie" (110 guns) and "Real-bei" (74 guns) near the Strait of Bosphorus. After damaging the ships one by one, the brig escaped pursuit.
Damage and casualties.
As a result of the battle, the brig lost 4 men and 6 more were injured. Damage to the ship included:
By official information, neither Turkish ships lost crew as the brig's main objective was to achieve spar and rigging damage.
In art.
Ivan Aivazovsky created 3 paintings:
There were notable paintings by other artists:
Critics of Aivazovsky painting.
The position of the ships taken by Aivazovsky for his work was claimed as historically doubtful because of the brig's position between two significantly larger Turkish ships.
Still, it's possible that Aivazovsky's artistic impression simply heightened the tension in the painting by accentuating the hopelessness of the situation for the brig.
Paintings by of other artists (Krasovskiy, Barri, Pechatin) of the same battle, though less known, portray a more realistic sketch of a battle.

</doc>
<doc id="21511892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511892" title="Sardar Raza Khan">
Sardar Raza Khan

Sardar Raza Khan is the most senior judge of Supreme Court in Pakistan.
Khan looks likely to become the next chief justice of Pakistan. He has already served as Acting Chief Justice, a position he had in September 2008. At the time he said in an interview that he was missing the deposed Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry. Raza Khan had also earlier expressed dissent against former President Pervez Musharraf's re-election efforts. 
He's now the acting Chief Election Commissioner. 

</doc>
<doc id="21511954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511954" title="Aleksandar Tsvetkov">
Aleksandar Tsvetkov

Aleksandar Aleksandrov Tsvetkov (; born on 31 August 1990 in Pleven) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Litex Lovech as a midfielder. He comes directly from Litex's youth academy.
Career.
Tsvetkov made his first team debut in a 5–1 Bulgarian Cup win over Maritsa Plovdiv on 7 December 2008, coming on as a substitute for Sandrinho. He made his league debut on 31 May 2009, again as a substitute replacing Wilfried Niflore, as Litex beat CSKA Sofia 1–0. 
Tsvetkov became a first-team regular early in the 2012–13 season. On 31 August 2012, he scored his first goal in a 4–0 away league win over Botev Vratsa.
International career.
On 7 October 2011, Tsvetkov earned his first cap for Bulgaria in the 0–3 away loss against Ukraine in an exhibition match.

</doc>
<doc id="21511956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511956" title="The Case of the Scorpion's Tail">
The Case of the Scorpion's Tail

"The Case of the Scorpion's Tail (Italian: La coda dello scorpione") is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Sergio Martino.
Plot.
A widow inherits a small fortune when her husband dies in a freak jet crash. However, before she can escape to a retreat with her secret lover the widow is brutally murdered and the money stolen. Now an insurance investigator and his journalist love interest must figure out exactly who is murdering anyone involved with the late widow and exactly what their vicious vendetta is.
Critical reception.
AllMovie called it a "devilishly entertaining giallo thriller".

</doc>
<doc id="21511962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511962" title="Nutshell Project Manager">
Nutshell Project Manager

Nutshell Project Manager is a .NET based application designed for managing files, users and dates. The software is also capable of saving the project to a remote location such as a web server.
Unicode text editor.
Nutshell has a built-in text editor, for quick jobs. The original intention was for a Rich Text editor, however, the editor was suspended after the 3rd beta.
Instant preview HTML editor.
Packaged with Nutshell is a simple Instant Preview HTML Editor. The editor does not feature a GUI.
Calendar.
The built in calendar allows the user to choose a date and view appointments and schedules from a selected time.
User login/logout protection for projects.
The software allows the project owner to add user accounts to projects, alongside project password protection. This was introduced as a security measure for FTP projects.
User management tool.
The user management tool permits the user to manage a database of contacts. The tool also allows the user to set usernames and passwords, and to create other users.
FTP loading/saving.
This feature allows the user to enter the URL of a project, and then download and use it. Projects that require password verification are not downloaded until passwords have been verified. The tool also allows the user to enter an FTP location and then save the project to that server.
Backup maker.
Included with the package is a Backup Maker, which allows the user to select the files to back up, and then back them up to nearly any location, including removable storage and FTP directories.
Automatic update.
The automatic update feature ensures the user always has the most up to date version of the software.
File packaging.
Files may be imported into projects, and then even though they may not be read by Nutshell, they can be saved and exported with the project.
Readable file formats.
Nutshell can read many file formats including sound files and video files. If a file format is not recognised, Nutshell will query the user whether to open the file using Windows Explorer. Nutshell can read the following file formats:

</doc>
<doc id="21511966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511966" title="Colin Gordon (footballer)">
Colin Gordon (footballer)

Colin Kenneth Gordon (born 17 January 1963) is an English former footballer born in Stourbridge, Worcestershire, who played as a striker.
He scored 60 goals in 194 appearances in the Football League playing for Swindon Town, Wimbledon, Gillingham, Reading, Bristol City, Fulham, Birmingham City, Hereford United, Walsall, Bristol Rovers and Leicester City. He went on to play non-league football for Kidderminster Harriers, Gloucester City, on loan from Kidderminster, and Stourbridge.
He then went into sports agency; his company represented England national team manager Steve McClaren and players David James and Theo Walcott, among others. He came to particular notice when he made an attack on football finance, alleging significant levels of corruption within the game.

</doc>
<doc id="21511975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511975" title="Karlson Creek">
Karlson Creek

Karlson Creek is a fork of Rheem Creek in Richmond, California.
Overview.
The stream runs from the Hilltop neighborhood through the city's northern hills to its confluence with Rheen Creek alongside the Richmond Country Club. It then runs to San Pablo Bay through Parchester Village and Giant and Breuner marshes.

</doc>
<doc id="21511978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511978" title="Devolo (singer)">
Devolo (singer)

Devolo is a New Zealand hip-hop performer of Tongan descent from South Auckland, best known as a member of the hip hop group Deceptikonz. He is signed to the Dawn Raid Entertainment music label and in 2009 he was "Best Pacific Male Artist" at the Pacific Music Awards. 
Background.
In 2008, his debut single "Somebody" became a top 10 hit on the NZ iTunes top songs for all genres and #1 on NZ iTunes top hip hop downloads. Later that year, his hit single "Too Shy" jumped from #38 to #6 in one week on New Zealand’s RIANZ Top 40 Singles Chart.
In 2009, the pop group The Pussycat Dolls asked Devolo to do a remix of their forthcoming single "Bottle Pop". In 2009 Devolo featured on David Dallas' single "Indulge Me", which charted at #34. 
His debut solo album "Heaven & Hell" was released on March 2, 2009. But, it failed to make the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="21511982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21511982" title="Zbigniew Wóycicki">
Zbigniew Wóycicki

Zbigniew Czesław Wóycicki (June 1, 1902 – April 2, 1928) was a Polish military officer and skier.
Wóycicki was born in Zakopane. He was the leader of the national Olympic military patrol team at the 1924 and 1928 Winter Olympics. In 1924, when the Polish team was one of two which withdrew owing to bad weather conditions, he was the youngest participant. In 1928 he had the rank of a Porucznik, and finished with his team seventh. He died in his hometown in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21512031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512031" title="Tail vein">
Tail vein

Tail vein or caudal vein is the largest vein in vertebrate animals' tail. It leads directly into the posterior cardinal vein in the posterior trunk in fishes. Mammal caudal vein (the middle caudal vein) leads to inferior vena cava.
Caudal vein is one of the many places from which a laboratory worker can withdraw blood from a mouse specimen. 
The process does not require the death of the mouse, that is, assuming that not too much more than the established standard of "no more than two blood samples are taken per session and in any one 24-hour period.". "The lateral tail vein is usually used and 50 ul to 0.2 ml of blood can be obtained per sample depending on the size of the animal." 
Warming the animal to an ideal 39 degrees C may be a necessary to cause the dilation of the veins and allow for easier processing. 

</doc>
<doc id="21512034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512034" title="The Devil's Disciple (1926 film)">
The Devil's Disciple (1926 film)

"The Devil's Disciple" (1926) is an American melodramatic silent film with a primarily African American cast, written and directed by Oscar Micheaux, on the subject of white slavery in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21512038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512038" title="LDE – Comet">
LDE – Comet

The German locomotives Comet, Faust, Blitz and Windsbraut were four of the first locomotives on the Leipzig-Dresden Railway (LDE). They were four-coupled engines, that Rothwell and Company had built in Manchester between 1835 and 1838.
"Comet" was the first locomotive to be delivered to Saxony. She arrived at Leipzig in November 1836, packed in 15 crates. After her reassembly testing began on 28 March 1837 and she was then deployed on railway construction duties. She was followed by "Blitz", "Windsbraut" and "Faust", the last named being similar in dimensions to "Comet". The other two were somewhat larger (their technical data, where different, are given in the table after a "/")
All the engines had a cylindrical firebox and boiler barrel, an oak locomotive frame reinforced with sheet iron and inside cylinders and valve gear. In 1842, following a serious accident in France the operation of twin-axled locomotives was banned and the engines were given 0-4-2 wheel arrangement through the addition of a trailing axle. Such early machines often had to be repaired at frequent intervals and these engines were no exception. "Windsbraut" blew up on 21 May 1846 in charge of a train that was ready to depart from the Dresdner station in Leipzig. The other locomotives were retired no later than 1849.

</doc>
<doc id="21512064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512064" title="The State House">
The State House

The State House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21512080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512080" title="Battle of the Bahamas">
Battle of the Bahamas

The Battle of the Bahamas or the Battle of Nassau may refer to one of several military actions in and around the town of Nassau, on the island of New Providence in The Bahamas:

</doc>
<doc id="21512115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512115" title="Morality (novella)">
Morality (novella)

"Morality" is a novella by Stephen King published in the July 2009 issue of "Esquire". It is included as a bonus story in "Blockade Billy", a King book published on May 25, 2010. "Morality" received the 2009 Shirley Jackson Award for Best Novelette. 
Plot summary.
"Morality" is largely a character study concerning a married couple, Chad and Nora Callahan, who are suffering from financial difficulties brought on by lack of employment and low-paying jobs. While both are seemingly frustrated with the influx of monthly bills and other expenses, they remain largely optimistic about future solutions to solve their money woes. Chad hopes to supplement their income by writing a book based on his experiences as a substitute teacher, while Nora, a nurse, works full-time for a retired reverend named George Winston, who is partially paralyzed and uses a wheelchair after suffering from a stroke.
Nora's time spent with Reverend Winston is largely uneventful, consisting mostly to physical therapy and day-to-day care, until one day Winston propositions Nora with a solution to her monetary problems. Being a reverend, Winston states that he has largely lived his life without sin—though he also states he has not gone completely without it—and seeks to experience one major sin before he passes away. However, given his current condition, he is unable to leave his house, making committing any worthwhile sin impossible without outside aid. This is where Nora comes in, according to Winston, who states that he intends to commit a sin vicariously through Nora's actions, therefore committing "sin by proxy" and effectively "doubl his sin quotient" in the eyes of God. Winston makes it clear that for Nora's help, and assumption of risk in this deed, he will pay her a total of $200,000 should she accept his offer.
Initially, after Winston reveals what the sin involves, Nora is shocked and appalled at the desires of the old man, assuming that he must be insane. However, after discussing the pros and cons of the offer with Chad—and reasoning that with the money they would be able to pay off all their debts and move to New England—Nora agrees to go through with the proposal.
After committing the act with Chad, Nora returns to Winston with a videotape as evidence of going through with the plan. While viewing the tape, it is revealed that the sin Winston chose to commit consisted of Nora going up to a small child in a park in the middle of the day and punching him in the face very hard, causing the child to apparently suffer a bloody nose.
Seemingly satisfied with the outcome of Nora's actions, Winston agrees to pay her the money and concedes that Nora will no longer wish to work for him now that she has seen his true face. Nora states that she finds the whole situation repulsive, and goes home wondering why Winston would ever want to commit such a senseless act and whether or not the police will ever find out about it.
Shortly after Nora stops working for Reverend Winston, she learns from his housekeeper, Ms. Granger, that Winston had apparently died from kidney failure; though Ms. Granger confides in Nora that Winston's body was found next to an empty bottle of pills—strongly implying that he had committed suicide after going through with his plan. This leads Nora to wonder about the fate of the videotape she gave Winston, and whether or not it will be uncovered after his death.
As time passes by after the business with Winston, Chad and Nora are wracked with guilt over their complacence with the sin, so much so that their previously optimistic mindsets grow darker and more pessimistic as their fear of people discovering their part in Winston's deed increases. Chad starts drinking more often, and Nora commits adultery with two different men and develops a tendency for masochistic satisfaction during intercourse. This eventually leads to the dissolution of their marriage, with Chad blaming the failure and poor quality of his book on guilt and Nora's lack of faith in his writing talent. After getting divorced, Nora is seemingly happy to be rid of Chad and begins working full-time at a local hospital. However, on the way home from work one day, Nora notices an old book in a used bookstore which she had previously seen in Reverend Winston's study called "The Basis of Morality." After taking it home and spending much of the following summer and fall reading through it, Nora sadly concludes that there is little or nothing in the book that she didn't already know.

</doc>
<doc id="21512132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512132" title="Lowell Ordnance Plant">
Lowell Ordnance Plant

The Lowell Ordnance Plant was a small arms plant located in Lowell, Massachusetts that operated under contract from the Remington Arms Company between 1942 and 1943. It mostly produced .50 caliber machinegun ammo. A small run of .30 caliber machinegun ammo was also manufactured for less than a year. 

</doc>
<doc id="21512171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512171" title="2008–09 Irish League Cup">
2008–09 Irish League Cup

The 2008–09 Irish League Cup (known as the CIS League Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the 23rd edition of Northern Ireland's secondary football knock-out cup competition. The tournament started on 26 August 2008 with the qualifying round and ended on 28 February 2009 with the Final.
Linfield were the defending champions after their ninth League Cup win last season; a 3–2 victory over Crusaders in the previous final. This season Linfield went out at the quarter-final stage to eventual winners Portadown, who defeated Newry City 1–0 in the final. This was Portadown's second League Cup win, and first one since 1995–96. This was also only the second time in twelve years that the cup had not been won by one of Belfast's Big Two.
The competition was expanded this season and the format was also changed due to a re-structuring of the league system. 29 clubs were now eligible to take part in the competition; the 12 members of the IFA Premiership and the 17 members of the IFA Championship, with the Premiership clubs entering in the third round. The group stage format used in previous seasons was dropped in favour of home and away two-legged aggregate score ties with an away goals rule.
Qualifying round.
The qualifying round was held in order to reduce the number of teams competing in the First Round to 16. The match was played on 26 August 2008.
First round.
In this round entered the winners from the previous round, Glebe Rangers, as well as the remaining 15 teams from the IFA Championship. The first legs were played on 29 and 30 August 2008. The second legs were played on 2, 3 and 9 September 2008.
Second round.
In this round entered the eight winners from the previous round. The first legs were played on 20 September 2008. The second legs were played on 23, 24 September and 1 October 2008.
Third round.
In this round entered the four winners from the previous round, together with the 12 members of the IFA Premiership. The first legs were played on 21, 22, 28 and 29 October 2008. The second legs were played on 4, 5, 11 and 12 November 2008.
Quarter-finals.
The first legs were played on 2 and 3 December 2008. The second legs were played on 16 and 17 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21512173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512173" title="Tiny Colour Movies">
Tiny Colour Movies

Tiny Colour Movies is an album by John Foxx, released in 2006.
Background.
Foxx attended a birthday celebration screening of a friend’s private film collection in Baltimore. The films in the collection were all short pieces collected from various sources, including surveillance agencies and Hollywood cutting room floors. Foxx was transfixed by the strangeness and beauty of the clips. 
A few weeks later Foxx was working on some new pieces of music when he realized he was writing in the aftermath of the film screening. He gave in to the memories and wrote a small collection of musical pieces relating to his memory of the film clips he had seen.

</doc>
<doc id="21512200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512200" title="Theatrical makeup">
Theatrical makeup

Theatrical makeup refers to makeup that is used to assist in creating the appearance of the characters that actors portray during a theater production.
Background.
In Greek and Roman theatre, makeup was unnecessary. Actors wore various masks, allowing them to portray another gender, age, or entirely different likeness. Thespis, considered to be the first actor, used white lead and wine to paint his face. In medieval Europe, actors altered their appearances by painting their faces a different color. Performers who portrayed God painted their faces white or gold; actors playing angels painted their faces red. During the Renaissance, actors were creative and resourceful when making-over their faces. They used lamb's wool for false beards and flour as face paint.
Advancements in stage lighting technology required stage makeup to evolve beyond one over-all face color to a multidimensional craft. Originally, theatres used candles and oil lamps; these two sources of light were dim and allowed for crude, unrealistic makeup applications. Once gas lighting, limelight and electric light were introduced to theatres, a need emerged for new makeup materials and more skillful application techniques. In 1873, Ludwig Leichner, a Wagnerian opera singer, began commercially producing a non-toxic greasepaint stick, easing the application of makeup.
Highlight and shadow.
Through the use of makeup, specifically highlighting and shading, the apparent shape of an actor’s face can be changed. By highlighting the face's protruding bones, the features become pronounced; shadowing cavities can add depth. Sagging jowls, forehead wrinkles, eye pouches, and prominent veins can be created by manipulating highlights and shadows. A highlight is a base makeup that is at least two shades lighter than the base. It is applied on the bridge of the nose, cheekbones, and areas under the eyes and below the brows. Using a color two shades deeper than the base provides depth and definition. This depth is commonly used on the eye sockets, to thin the sides of the nose, to shallow the cheeks, and to minimize heaviness under the chin.
Makeup and lighting.
Lighting controls makeup to a high degree. Makeup can lose its effectiveness due to incorrect stage lighting. Conversely, skillful lighting can greatly aid the art of makeup. Close communication between the lighting director and the makeup artist is crucial for the best possible effect.
Understanding light's effect on makeup and various shades and pigments is important when designing a performer’s makeup. The following are among the basic rules of light: nothing has color until light is reflected from it; an object appears black when all of the light is absorbed; an object appears white when all of the light is reflected. If certain rays are absorbed and others are reflected, the reflected rays determine the color.
Straight makeup.
Straight makeup is a style of makeup that provides a natural, clean and healthy glow.
Skin.
If a performer’s skin is perfectly toned, makeup spreads smoothly and adheres easily. Dry skin or oily skin is dealt with prior to makeup application; otherwise, the makeup appears blotchy or smeared due to variations in absorption. Performers with dry skin use a moisturizer daily and after their faces have been cleansed following a performance. Performers with oily complexions use a facial toner wipe or astringent to remove the oil and allow a smooth application.
Skin has four basic tones: brown, fair, pink and olive. Individuals with fair, pink, and olive skin tones use olive, beige, or suntan bases. Makeup artist and performers select shades compatible with the natural skin tone, but the base is one to several shades deeper. Performers with predominately pink or ruddy complexions use base colors with cool undertones. The character, size of the theatre, and light intensity will determine the tone depth of the foundation.
A thin layer of base makeup is applied to the neck, ears, and face using a white rubber sponge or fingers. A heavy application of base appears aged and creepy.
Rouge.
Fair complexions are enhanced by soft shades of peach and pink, while brown complexions are best accented with coral shades. Moist rouge is applied before powder; dry rouge is used to accent the already powdered makeup.
Eyes.
Eyes and eyebrows are the greatest communicative tool in an actor’s arsenal. They are the most expressive feature on the face.
Eye shadow.
Grease or stick shadow is applied to the eyelids and blended out toward the eyebrow bone before powder is applied; dry eye shadow is used alone or to intensify and touch up the color underneath. Dark eye shadow or grease deepens the eye sockets, creating a skull-like effect. Shades of brown and gray are best for individuals with fair complexions. Individuals with brown complexions use lighter shadows such as toast, mushroom or soft yellows.
Eye liner.
Liquid eyeliner, cake eyeliner, or the eyebrow pencil is used to accent and frame the eyes. There are two ways to line the upper lid of the eye: the owl eye or the almond eye. The owl eye is used to widen the eye and involves using a heavier line in the middle of the lid. The almond-shaped eye is created by extending the line out beyond the outer corner of the eye. The lower line is created by using the same tool used on the upper lid. The line begins a quarter-inch from the inner corner of the eye. This extra space is needed to open the eye.
Eyelashes.
Mascara is used to add extra attention to the eyes. Black lash mascara is the most popular and commonly used by women with fair and brown complexions. Very fair individuals and men use brown mascara. The bottom lashes are coated with mascara and to avoid using false lashes, a process of layering powder and mascara is used to provide greater thickness.
Powder.
A generous amount of powder is needed to reduce unwanted shine. If a performer’s makeup is under-powdered, his skin oils will break through quickly, producing shine and possibly running. After powder is applied to the entire face, starting under and around the eyes, it is gently pressed for thirty seconds. The excess is brushed off with a large soft brush or piece of cotton. A wet natural sponge or cotton is wiped lightly across the face to set the makeup, to remove any visible powder, and to eliminate the masky feeling.
Lips.
Though the eyes are the most expressive feature of the face, the eyes and ears of the audience follow mouth movements to understand a play’s progression. If a performer’s lips are underdone or overplayed, they will detract from the performer and the performance. A general rule is: the larger the mouth, the deeper the lipstick tone. However, the actor should not appear “all mouth”.
Fair complexions use shades of lipstick like pink and coral. Brown complexions are enhanced by coral and orange shades. Red lipsticks are reserved for large theatres and character portrayals. An auburn or brown pencil are used to provide definition to the lips. Lipsticks on men can look doll-like. Men use natural-colored lipsticks, lightly applied.
Training/Education.
Because stage actors are seen from farther away than actors on screen, it is crucial that their makeup is more dramatic and professionally done. Many higher-learning institutions have drama departments where all aspects of theater are taught, including the art of theatrical makeup. Some independent agencies also provide classes in theatrical makeup, and even online courses are available. Through training, makeup artists learn important techniques such as hand-eye coordination, ability to draw straight lines and consistent shapes, creativity, good grooming and personal hygiene habits, etc. Many makeup artists who specialize in theatrical makeup build portfolios to show their clients and employers. Many of them work as freelance makeup artists or work for cosmetics brands in department stores.

</doc>
<doc id="21512202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512202" title="Lusory attitude">
Lusory attitude

The lusory attitude is the psychological attitude required of a player entering into the play of a game. To adopt a lusory attitude is to accept the arbitrary rules of a game in order to facilitate the resulting experience of play.
The term was coined by Bernard Suits in the book "The Grasshopper: Games, Life and Utopia", first published in 1978, in which Suits defines the playing of a game as "the voluntary attempt to overcome unnecessary obstacles". He also offers a fuller definition:

</doc>
<doc id="21512209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512209" title="North Bay Academy of Communication and Design">
North Bay Academy of Communication and Design

The North Bay Academy of Communication and Design is a private project-based high school in Petaluma, CA, opening September 8, 2009. The curriculum is based on models developed by educator Tony Harris over the past twenty years, namely that of San Francisco-based Envision Schools’ flagship charter high school, the Marin School of Arts and Technology (aka MSAT).
As of June 4, 2009, NBACD is announcing a suspension of its enrollment efforts for the fall, 09-10 term.
Academics.
The academic standard and expectation at NBACD will be very high. All students will meet or exceed the UC/CSU requirements for entrance. NBACD expects excellent academic student performance.
Along with academic content and attention to national and state standards, NBACD courses of study incorporate the development of creative, technological, and professional skills, such as critical thinking, written and oral communication, problem solving, and teamwork. Learning is contextual, active, and authentic. Core activities are integrated and interdisciplinary. Project-based work and field studies, along with traditional academic work, are the norm.
Graduation Requirements.
At the heart of all the work at NBACD are explicit outcomes measured by rigorous performance assessments. Students will graduate when they have demonstrated mastery in the outcomes listed below as demonstrated through their Senior Graduation Portfolio Defense. In addition to meeting these outcomes, students will graduate having met or exceeded UC/CSU A-G requirements for admission.
NBACD Outcomes.
According to the NBACD website, prior to graduation NBACD students will demonstrate the ability to:

</doc>
<doc id="21512218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512218" title="Glock (disambiguation)">
Glock (disambiguation)

Glock is a line of pistols manufactured by Glock GmbH. 
Glock may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21512236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512236" title="Space Foundation">
Space Foundation

The Space Foundation is a nonprofit organization that supports the global space industry through information and education programs. It is a resource for the entire space community - industry, national security organizations, civil space agencies, private space companies and the military around the world. It also supports educators, students and journalists with information and education programs.
Locations.
Located in Colorado Springs, Colo., the Space Foundation's world headquarters houses Space Foundation team offices, the Ackerman Conference Center and the Space Foundation Discovery Center, which comprises the Northrop Grumman Science Center featuring Science On a Sphere® and the El Pomar Space Gallery. The Space Foundation also has an office in Washington, D.C., and representatives in Texas and Florida.
Industry events.
The Space Foundation annually hosts major industry events, including the Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colo. In 2013, more than 9,000 people participated in the 29th National Space Symposium.
Work Environment.
In 2011, the Space Foundation was designated by The NonProfit Times and Best Companies Group as among the Best Non-Profit Organizations to Work for 2011. It was the only Colorado-based organization to make the list and ranked number 19 out of the 50 organizations honored nation-wide.
Space Foundation Awards: General James E. Hill Lifetime Space Achievement Award.
Recipients of the General James E. Hill Lifetime Space Achievement Award include:
Space Foundation Awards: Alan Shepard Technology in Education Award.
Winners of the Alan Shepard Technology in Education Award include:
Space Foundation Awards: Douglas S. Morrow Public Outreach Award.
Winners of the Douglas S. Morrow Public Outreach Award include:
Space Foundation Awards: Space Achievement Award.
Winners of the Space Achievement Award include:
Space Foundation Awards: John L. Jack, Swigert, Jr., Award for Space Exploration.
Winners of the John L. Jack Swigert, Jr., Award for Space Exploration include:
Space Technology Hall of Fame.
The Space Foundation has conducted the Space Technology Hall of Fame since 1988, inducting dozens of technologies and honoring hundreds of organizations and individuals that transform technology originally developed for space exploration into products that help improve the quality of life here on Earth. Induction into the Space Technology Hall of Fame affords space technology innovators much deserved recognition. It also serves to increase public awareness of the benefits of space technology and encourage further innovation. 
Space Certification.
The Space Foundation builds awareness of the benefits of space through the Space CertificationTM program, which demonstrates how space technologies improve life on Earth and makes space more interesting and accessible to everyone. Products and services that display the Space Certification seal are guaranteed to have stemmed from or been dramatically improved by technologies originally developed for space exploration or to have significant impact in teaching people about the value of space utilization. Using the official Space Certification seal provides a marketing edge for partners, demonstrates how space technologies improve life on Earth and makes space more accessible to everyone.
Categories:
Certified Technology Products or related services directly result from space technology or space program development. Examples include Eagle Eyes Eyewear, Outlast Phase Change Materials and GPS.
Certified Educational Products are used in educational environments to stimulate interest in and knowledge about space. Education is critical to the mission of the Space Foundation and supporting these products further inspires new generations. Examples include the SPACE.COM website and Rocky Mountain PBS. 
Certified imagination products increase interest in and excitement about space. Examples include The Space Store, NORAD Tracks Santa and the Beer Drinker's Guide to Colorado.
Space Foundation Education Programs.
The Space Foundation is developing the next generation - and building the overall technological strength of the nation - through programs that stimulate students' interest and skills in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).
Programs include:

</doc>
<doc id="21512239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512239" title="Irwin Freundlich">
Irwin Freundlich

Irwin Freundlich (1908 – 1977) was a prominent teacher at Juilliard starting in 1935. He studied with James Friskin and Edward Steuermann at the Institute of Musical Art, which merged with the Juilliard Graduate School in 1926 to became the current Juilliard School of Music.
His wife, Lillian Freundlich (13 March 1912–1999) was a graduate of Juilliard and taught at the Peabody Conservatory of Music. The husband and wife team performed recitals together featuring pieces for one piano for 4 hands.

</doc>
<doc id="21512245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512245" title="Turks in Hungary">
Turks in Hungary

Turks in Hungary ( ) refers to the Turks living in Hungary which includes immigrants or the descendants of immigrants from the Ottoman Empire (before 1923), as well as immigrants from today's Turkey, or from neighbouring countries once part of the Ottoman Empire that still have a population whose language is Turkish or who claims a Turkish identity or cultural heritage. The Turks in Hungary are the Turks originated from Anatolia and not the Hungarian subgroup of Palóc, Cumans and Pechenegs Turkic people.
History.
When the Turks seized Buda in 1541, the country was divided into three states. Buda and the surrounding land came underneath the direct rule of the Ottoman Turks, whilst Transylvania (previously part of Hungary) became an independent principality, loyal to the Ottomans. The rest continued to be ruled by Hungarian nobility, under the auspices of the Habsburgs.
As the Habsburg-led Austrians became the dominant force in the region, the Turks were ousted and the Kingdom of Hungary reestablished in the 18th Century.
Religion.
According to the 2002 official Hungarian census, there were 3,201 Muslims living in Hungary at the time, making up 0.03% of the population. The Turkish people make up the majority of the Muslim population.

</doc>
<doc id="21512258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512258" title="Arthur Charlett">
Arthur Charlett

Dr Arthur Charlett (1655 – 4 November 1722) was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was Master of University College, Oxford for thirty years until his death in 1722. He was noted for his love of society, and for his expensive way of living.
Life.
He was son of Arthur Charlett, rector of Collingbourn Ducis, Wiltshire, by Judith, daughter of Mr Cratford, a merchant of London, and was born at Shipton, near Cheltenham, on 4 January 1665. After receiving his early education at the free school at Salisbury, he matriculated at Trinity College, Oxford, on 13 January 1669, having just completed his fourteenth year. He obtained a scholarship there college and proceeded B.A. on 17 April 1673, and M.A. 23 November 1676. He was chosen Fellow at the election of 1680, and the same year received deacon's orders from John Fell, bishop of Oxford. In 1683 he was chosen junior proctor. He was appointed tutor to Francis North, 2nd Baron Guilford in 1688.
On 17 December 1684 he took the degree of B.D., and when in 1692 the mastership of University College was refused by internal candidates he was chosen master on 7 July, with the backing of John Hudson, and the next day proceeded D.D. Charlett saw that the Clarendon Press annually printed some classical work, and then himself presented a copy of it to each of the students of his college. He was an interfering academic politician, satirised in No. 43 of "The Spectator" where Charlett, under the name of Abraham Froth is made to write a letter describing the business transacted at the meetings of the hebdomadal council. He promoted the first attempt at a university newspaper, published in 1707, with the title of "Mercurius Oxoniensis, or the Oxford Intelligencer."
Through the influence of Archbishop Thomas Tenison, Charlett was appointed chaplain to the King on 17 November 1697, and held the office until he with other chaplains was removed in March 1717. In the spring of 1706 he was in some trouble, being sent for to London to give an account of a paper he had shown circulated, asserting that Gilbert Burnet was to receive a large sum of money when presbyterianism was established. On 28 June 1707, he was instituted to the rectory of Hambleden, Buckinghamshire. He damaged his reputation in the matter of the dedication of Edward Thwaites's "Saxon Heptateuch" to George Hickes, where Lords Somers and Oxford were both friends of Dean Hickes and resented Charlett's interference. In 1714 he used his influence with the vice-chancellor to get Thomas Hearne prosecuted for his preface to William Camden's "Elizabeth", and so put a stop to the printing.
Charlett died at his lodgings in University College, on 18 November 1722, and is buried in the college chapel. The position of Master was contested by two men, Thomas Cockman and William Dennison. The stand-off was not resolved until 1729, after an appeal to the Crown.
Works.
He published "A Discourse of the Holy Eucharist", 1686, in answer to Abraham Woodhead's "Two Discourses concerning ... the Eucharist", published by Obadiah Walker in 1686. He spent the long vacation 1683 in taking a tour in Scotland, where he was hospitably entertained by Sir George Mackenzie of Rosehaugh, in the county of Ross, and by other men of learning; he wrote most of the life of Sir George Mackenzie in Anthony à Wood's "Fasti" (ii. 414). Charlett contributed a paper on a fatal colliery fire near Newcastle to the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society" in 1708.

</doc>
<doc id="21512271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512271" title="James A. Moorer">
James A. Moorer

James Andy Moorer (born 25 November 1945) is a digital audio and computer music engineer, responsible for over 40 technical publications and four patents.
He personally designed and wrote many of the advanced DSP algorithms for the Sonic Solutions "NoNOISE" process which is used to restore vintage recordings for CD remastering.
In the mid-seventies he was Co-Director and Co-Founder of the Stanford Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics. He received his PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1975.
Between 1977 and 1979, he was a researcher and the Scientific Advisor to IRCAM in Paris. 
Between 1980 and 1987, while Vice-President of Research and Development at Lucasfilm's The Droid Works, he designed the Audio Signal Processor (ASP) which was used in the production of sound tracks for "Return of the Jedi", "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom", and others, including the well known company THX, and its Deep Note audio logo.
In 1991, he won the Audio Engineering Society Silver award for lifetime achievement. In 1996, he won an Emmy Award for Technical Achievement with his partners, Robert J. Doris and Mary C. Sauer for Sonic Solutions "NoNOISE" for Noise Reduction on Television Broadcast Sound Tracks. In 1999, he won an Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Scientific and Engineering Award for his pioneering work in the design of digital signal processing and its application to audio editing for film. He is currently working at Adobe Systems as Senior Computer Scientist in the DVD team.

</doc>
<doc id="21512281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512281" title="IAI Harop">
IAI Harop

__NOTOC__
The IAI Harop (or IAI Harpy 2) is an unmanned combat air vehicle (UCAV) developed by the MBT division of Israel Aerospace Industries. Rather than holding a separate high-explosive warhead, the drone itself is the main munition. This SEAD-optimised UCAV is designed to loiter the battlefield and attack targets by self-destructing into them.
Overview.
The IAI Harop is a larger version of the IAI Harpy and is launched from ground- or sea-based canisters, but can be adapted for air-launch. Unlike the fully autonomous Harpy, however, the Harop is controlled in flight by a remote operator. The Harop features two guidance modes: it can either home in on radio emissions by itself with its anti-radar homing system, or the operator can select static or moving targets detected by the aircraft's electro-optical sensor. This latter mode allows the Harop to attack radars that are presently shut down and therefore not providing emissions for the aircraft to automatically home in on.
History.
Turkey may have been the launch customer for the Harop in 2005. In October 2005, MBDA submitted the Harop (under the name "White Hawk") to the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence for consideration as the system for the Ministry's Loitering Munition Capability Demonstration (LMCD) program, otherwise known as "Fire Shadow". The Harop was selected as one of the finalists, but was rejected when the MoD decided that the contract should go to a British team. In August 2007, the government of India was negotiating to purchase eight to ten Harop systems. In September 2009, the Indian Air Force announced that it will be inducting the 10 Harop systems purchased for US$100 Million. The Harop was publicly unveiled to the world for the first time in India, in the lead-up to the Aero India 2009 show.

</doc>
<doc id="21512288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512288" title="Dupadu">
Dupadu

Dupadu is one of the major villages in Tripuranthakam mandal, Prakasam district, Andhra Pradesh, India. Dupandu is situated on Kurnool-Guntur state highway.
Agriculture.
Most of the population of Dupadu is dependent on agriculture. In recent years some people have migrated to cities and towns to have businesses of their own.
Education.
There are three elementary schools, one Urdu school and a ZPP High School. It also has A. P. Social Welfare Residential School/JR. College for girls.
Climate.
Dupadu has a tropical climate. Summer season ranges from March to June, monsoon starts by July and ends up to September, and generally winter extends from October to February. During summer the temperature ranges between Max 43 °C and Min 26 °C, while in winter it ranges between Max 31 °C and Min 12 °C. Rainfall is seasonal receiving around 90 to 120 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="21512346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512346" title="All die ganzen Jahre">
All die ganzen Jahre

"All die ganzen Jahre" ("All the whole years") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It is the third single and the tenth track from the album "Auf dem Kreuzzug ins Glück".
The narrator accidentally meets an old friend and is disappointed because the other doesn't care any more, although they've gone through a lot together.
There is also an English version of the song on "Love, Peace & Money", titled "Wasted Years".
Music video.
The video was directed by Walter Knofel. It shows the band performing in white dresses.

</doc>
<doc id="21512367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512367" title="Belloy, Alberta">
Belloy, Alberta

Belloy is a ghost town in Alberta, Canada.
It is located along the Grande Prairie-Grande Cache Railway tracks, north of Alberta Highway 49, between Wanham and Girouxville. It is part of census division No. 19 and is administered by Birch Hills County.
The community was named for Madame Belloy, a Belgian opera singer.
Agriculture is the main activity in the community, which was built around cattle farming. Services for the oil and gas industry are another part of the economy.
Geography.
The community lies in the Peace River Country of northern Alberta, in the Birch Hills south of the Peace River.
The settlement gives the name to the Belloy Formation, a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="21512370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512370" title="The Skys">
The Skys

The Skys is a Lithuanian classic/prog rock band, established on 10 November 1995. 
After frequent changes in line up The Skys are:
The band has had many solo gigs, and has participated in various festivals in Lithuania as well as abroad: 
Estonia, Latvia, Russia, Germany, USA, Poland, Austria etc. Some of the bigger events were:
During its years of existence the band released four albums: "Civilized" (1997), "Dreams" (1999), "Postmodern Game" (2004) and "Colours of the Desert" (2011). Many of The Skys' songs have been played on radio and TV. In 1996 the song "One Saturday of The Spring" reached the radio station "Laisvoji banga" charts where it reached No 1 for almost two months (April). In 1999 the song "Virtual Reality" was filmed on National TV for music telecast "Muzikinis viesbutis". As guests The Skys performed at "Buk Artistas" TV Show. In 2004 The Skys performed at Lithuanian Top 10 on National TV. "The Ancient Indian song" video was also shown on National TV. The Skys music received radio airplay on 100 radio stations across Europe, USA and Canada with interviews in the Netherlands, the UK and "album of the week" in Austria, A-listed in Norway. 
Many high quality press articles were published about the band in all major Lithuanian newspapers. The Skys' album reviews showed up in USA, Canada and Europe receiving very high evaluation.
In 2001 The Skys made a musical theatre performance "Civilized" which was presented in one of the biggest theatres in Vilnius - Jaunimo Teatras.
In 2004 The Skys were signed to Sutaras Record label for album "Postmodern Game". 
And digital distribution deal with Cinderella Records (USA) in 2010.
In 2004 The Skys were awarded (out of 300 bands) as "Best International Band" at prestigious New York International Music Festival . 
In 2006 The Skys won Makato Artis of the Year Award (2nd place)
In 2010 The Skys signed exclusive digital distribution deal with Cinderella Records.
In 2011 The Skys got 2nd prize award (out of 100 bands) at Rockowe Andrzejki, Poland.
In 2011 The Skys signed a publishing contract with Apollo Live.
In 2012 The Skys got Grand Prix at Rock Master, Poland.
International Awards Best International Band - The Skys Runners up - Streets of Mars Best International Performer - Narjiz And the winner is: THE NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL MUSIC FESTIVAL PROUDLY HONORS ARTISTS FROM ITS SPRING FESTIVAL AT AN EXCLUSIVE AWARDS SHOW AT PLAID NEW YORK, NY (June 7, 2004) This Spring marked another highly successful run for the New York International Music Festival (NYIMF). The music festival kicked off with a networking party at BLVD followed by ten nights of live performances, parties and panels. NYIMF will host an exclusive awards ceremony to honor this year's winners at Plaid (76 E13 street at corner of 4th Ave.) on June 26 from 7PM - Midnight. Recipients will be presented with framed certificate and various acts will get the opportunity to perform live during the show. Doe-eyed actress Aesha Waks (Arresting Gina) actress/model Amber and industry guru Eric Livsey from Mallet Records will host the event. FESTIVAL WINNERS /…/ International awards went to acclaimed rock group The Skys from Lithuania who impressed audiences with a great range of rock ballads.
Discography.
Colors of the Desert.
Released digitally on March 2, 2011. CD release on November 11, 2011.
Personnel.
In addition to main line-up, "Colors of The Desert" features:
The Album recorded in Mamas Studio (Vilnius, Lithuania) and Liscombe Park Studios (London, UK) famous for Uriah Heep and Asia recordings. 
Mixed by Steve Rispin (Tina Turner, Elton John, Asia, Tankard, etc.)
Postmodern Game.
Title “Postmodern Game”
Created 2004
List of the songs:
Dreams.
Created 1999
List of the songs:
Left Side: 
Right Side:
Civilised.
Created 1997
List of the songs:
Right Side:
See also.
http://www.theskys.com/ official website

</doc>
<doc id="21512377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512377" title="William Donahue (Quebec politician)">
William Donahue (Quebec politician)

William Donahue (August 12, 1834 – July 15, 1892) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Missisquoi in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Frampton, Lower Canada, the son of Michael Donahue and Mary Murphy, Irish immigrants. Donahue was a merchant in West Farnham and Montreal. In 1882, he married Mary Ann Miller. Donahue served as a member of the municipal council for Missisquoi County. He was mayor of the village of Farnham from 1872 to 1874. He died in Farnham at the age of 57.

</doc>
<doc id="21512395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512395" title="Higonokami">
Higonokami

A is a type of folding pocketknife native to Japan. The knife has no locking system, but is a friction folder or "penny knife", using the friction of the swivel or the pressure of the user's thumb on a protruding tang to prevent the knife from folding during use.

</doc>
<doc id="21512421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512421" title="Alex Rennie">
Alex Rennie

Alex Rennie is a former Scottish footballer and manager best known for managing St. Johnstone from 1980 until 1985. Rennie also worked as a coach for Hearts during the late 1970s, assisting Willie Ormond and then serving as caretaker manager after Ormond was sacked.

</doc>
<doc id="21512430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512430" title="San Francisco Day School">
San Francisco Day School

San Francisco Day School, referred to as SFDS or SF Day by students and employees that work there, is a co-educational independent day school for kindergarten to 8th grade in San Francisco, California, United States. It opened in 1981, and its core values are "Compassion, Integrity, and Responsibility". The current Head of School is Dr. David Jackson.
San Francisco Day School is well-noted in San Francisco as being a school of high literary learning.

</doc>
<doc id="21512445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512445" title="Ascanio">
Ascanio

Ascanio is a grand opera in five acts and seven tableaux by composer Camille Saint-Saëns. The opera's French libretto, by Louis Gallet, is based on the 1852 play "Benvenuto Cellini" by French playwright Paul Meurice which was in turn based on the 1843 historical novel by Alexandre Dumas, père. The name was changed to "Ascanio" to avoid confusion with the Berlioz opera "Benvenuto Cellini". The opera premiered on March 21, 1890 in Paris.
Composition history.
"Ascanio" was composed by Saint-Saëns during 1887–1888. Saint-Saëns chose the subject of the historical figure of Benvenuto Cellini largely due to his friendship with Meurice who, in addition to writing the play about Cellini, also helped Dumas write the 1843 novel. The subject also appealed to Saint-Saëns’ long term desire to base his operas in French history. The opera's libretto largely follows Meurice's play, although it does not include a scene where Cellini runs out of metal while casting a statue. The only notable departure from the play is the third act which is set at a fête at Fontainebleau. The music for this act includes a lengthy divertissement of 12 dances which is highly reminiscent of French Baroque opera. Saint-Saëns dedicated the finished opera to Pauline Viardot, the French mezzo-soprano and composer.
The opera premiered at the Palais Garnier in Paris in 1890 to a poor reception. George Bernard Shaw, after attending the premiere, remarked "I need not waste my words on the music of it. There is not an original phrase in it from beginning to end."
Synopsis.
It opera concerns the historical figure of 16th-century Italian sculptor Benvenuto Cellini during the time he spent at the court of François I in Fontainebleau and Paris.
Cellini and apprentice Ascanio are both madly in love with Colombe, daughter of the Provost of Paris. This arouses the jealousies of two women: Scozzone, who herself is in love with Cellini, and the Duchess who is an admirer of Ascanio. Cellini steps aside to let Ascanio pursue Colombe, but when he realises that the jealousy of the two spurned women may prove dangerous to the girl, he hides her in a reliquary he has designed for a local convent, and plans on having her taken there for safety. However, the Duchess uncovers this plan and has the reliquary diverted to her own estate, planning on letting the girl suffocate in it. However, Scozzone secretly took the place of Colombe when she regretted having been originally a part of the Duchess's plot.
Meanwhile, Cellini has asked the King to allow the wedding of Ascanio and Colombe as a reward for his latest artistic masterpiece. The King has agreed. This happy news, however, is overshadowed by the sad discovery that Scozzone has suffocated and died in Colombe's place.

</doc>
<doc id="21512449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512449" title="GIO (software)">
GIO (software)

GIO is a library, designed to present programmers with a modern and usable interface to a virtual file system. It allows applications to access local and remote files with a single consistent API, which was designed "to overcome the shortcomings of GnomeVFS" and be "so good that developers prefer it over raw POSIX calls."
GIO serves as low-level system library for the GNOME Shell/GNOME/GTK+ software stack and is being developed by the The GNOME Project. It maintained as a separate library, libgio-2.0, but it is bundled with GLib. GIO is free and open-source software subject to the requirements of the GNU Lesser General Public License.
Features.
Beyond these, GIO provides facilities for file monitoring, asynchronous I/O and filename completion. In addition to the interfaces, GIO provides implementations for the local case. Implementations for various network file systems are provided by the GVFS package as loadable modules.

</doc>
<doc id="21512453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512453" title="St. Landry Catholic Church">
St. Landry Catholic Church

St. Landry Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Opelousas, Louisiana, dedicated to Saint Landry of Paris (Bishop c. AD 650). The current church building, in Romanesque Revival style, was completed in 1909.
The church and cemetery were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, on May 5, 1982. In 1798, the church had been renamed from the original title, "Parish Church of the Immaculate Conception of the Post of Opelousas".
History.
In the days of the early 18th century, the area of what is now known as Opelousas was settled by a number of Catholics, many of whom were from Nova Scotia and had no established parish in which to worship. Although there was no official church yet, there was a baptismal ritual which was recorded on May 6, 1756, by Father Pierre Didier, at the home of Jacque Courtableau (now located in Washington, Louisiana).
The early records of the church, which were saved by Fr. Joseph de Arazena, the fourth pastor of the church of Opelousas from 1785 to 1789, mentions a Capuchin, Fr. Valentin, as the first resident priest in 1764. By 1767, a wooden, cypress church had been built near Bayou Courtableau, and it became the parish church in 1770. It was rebuilt in 1774. The records also show that the present church site was officially established in 1776 as the "Parish Church of the Immaculate Conception of the Post of Opelousas".
Worship at the present site was not begun until the year 1798, when the construction of a wood-frame building was completed, and the parish name was changed to "The Church of St Landry". There is no actual record of the original location of the church, but it is believed, according to Fr. Michael Bernard Barriere, pastor from 1813 to 1817, that the church was located a short distance from the present site and being on the Bayou Tesson.
He noted that: "During the year 1798, the present church was moved from the bayou (he spells it "Baillou") in the locality called 'Ponte a M. Tesson' ".
Michel Prudhomme donated a section of land of , 3x40 arpents in width/length, and M. Tesson donated a section of . The land donated by Mrs. Tesson was located between the present site of the church and Bayou Tesson, also known as the Gully, to the west. The donation of land was made on October 16, 1796. Later the land donated by Tesson was sold to the Marguilliers and was known as the "Church Addition". A "Marguillier" is a churchwarden: churchwardens were a group of layman who were in charge of the church property and money. They governed the church and even controlled the salary of the priests in many cases. Michel Prudhomme is buried in the nave of the present church. Michel Prudhomme's French Colonial home, built around 1770, still stands near the church, and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
By the early 19th century, the old wooden structure that was built on Bayou Tesson and moved in 1798 to the present site, was in a very dilapidated condition. It had lasted about fifty years. On an official visit by the Rt. Rev. William Louis Dubourg, a recommendation was made that a new church be built. If possible, a brick structure was to be erected. Finally, on March 4, 1828, the new brick church was consecrated by Bishop Rosati, of St. Louis, Administrator of Louisiana. The church measured , and was later expanded to wide by Fr. Gilbert Raymond. Fr. Gilbert Raymond and his brother Fr. J. Francois Raymond were in charge of the parish for thirty-five years. They started a school for boys which was known as St. Mary's Academy for Boys. His next step was affording the girls the same opportunity of acquiring a solid, Christian education. After purchasing a piece of land, the Academy of the Immaculate Conception was started.
During the year of 1870, Fr. Raymond purchased another piece of land for the creation of a school for the black children of the parish. This school was known under the name of St. Joseph's School.
Of Fr. Raymond's greatest works, was the starting of the college for young men, which had an important part in the development of the entire state of Louisiana. Many men, leaders in business, professional and political life of the section, leaders of their people in general, of great intellectual ability and deep practical faith received their education in the parochial school and finished at the college. Much of the glory of Southwest Louisiana may be attributed to the training which the citizens received from the college, and moral precepts which were made an important factor in the course of instruction.
In 1895, the Very Reverend John Engberink Rector and Dean, was given the task of erecting a new church and presbytery. At the same time, he was promoted from the parish in Cameron to St. Landry. This was a great undertaking and would prove to be a great asset to the worshipers of the parish of St. Landry. The work of removing and clearing away of the old church was started in 1902. A temporary church, which had been completed and occupied in 1900, was used until the new church was erected. The new rectory was occupied at the same time. The old bricks of the previous structure were preserved and used in the foundation of the present church.
The actual work on the new church was started in September, 1903. The foundation resting on a bed of concrete , starting below the surface of the ground, was built four feet above the surface and given considerable time to harden, before the walls were started. The construction of the walls began in the winter of 1908-09 and was completed and occupied, the first Mass being said on the first Friday of April 1909. The cornerstone had been laid August 8, 1908. The size of the church was very large, being wide in the transepts, and in the body of the church. The seating capacity was about 2000. The church has been the second-largest church in the South and the second-oldest parish in the diocese. The interior of the church was not completed until later, because of lack of funds.
When in 1919 Fr. Albeit Benedict Colliard was made pastor, after the death of Fr. Engberink, he took on the task of completing the church. Fr. Colliard paid off the large debt incurred in building the church and added stained-glass windows. The steeple was added also. When the church was first built there was only a flat roof on the tower. The steeple was added on later.
Fr. Colliard died on May 7, 1950, at the age of 69 and is buried in the St. Landry Cemetery. Monsignor Broussard was the next pastor of the parish. Arriving in 1950, he remained until 1972. While here, Fr. Broussard reestablished a boy's school. As a builder he moved the academy, which is now Opelousas Catholic, from south of the church to due east of the church, had a new two-story rectory constructed north of the church, and then in 1963 had the interior of the church redecorated and air conditioned.
The church and the church cemetery were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States on May 5, 1982.
To this date there have been 24 pastors, countless assistants, and 3 deacons who served the people of this parish. Father James Brady is the current pastor, with John W. Miller, Sammy Diesi, and Dwayne Joubert as his Permanent Deacons.

</doc>
<doc id="21512454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512454" title="For Love and Laughter">
For Love and Laughter

For Love and Laughter is a studio album by Irish traditional band Solas, and the first to feature their new singer Mairéad Phelan. The album was recorded in Ireland and in Philadelphia and features songs from Boston singer Antje Duvekot. The album is made up of instrumental tracks and songs, including one in Gaelic.

</doc>
<doc id="21512475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512475" title="Gramsci Melodic">
Gramsci Melodic

Gramsci Melodic is an alternative rock band based in Pittsburgh, PA.
The band was started in 2006 by singer/guitarist Martin Rubeo. Other members include Joel York (synthesizers/programming), Sean Rayl (drums), Greg Haduch (keyboards), and Tony Willoe (bass/vocals). In 2009, Eric Granata started to perform at some shows with the band, playing guitar and percussion.
The band won the "2008 Joker Productions Rock Off" and recorded its first full length album with Grammy Award winning producers at Audible Images. The band features guitar, bass, piano, drums, and synthesizers. The band was ranked as Pittsburgh's "#2 Best Underground Band" and "#3 Best Rock Band" by The Pittsburgh City Paper in 2008. In 2009, Gramsci Melodic was named "#3 Best Rock Band" by The Pittsburgh City Paper.
The band released its self-titled, debut album in June, 2009.
Their music has been described as "simple and upbeat rock," "driving synth rock," "'70s funk" with "eclectronica," and similar to Fountains of Wayne, They Might Be Giants, and Weezer.
Gramsci Melodic is known to travel with its own mascot, a dancing character with an oversized green head.
About the name.
The name is pronounced, ""GROM-SHE"". The band is named after Italian philosopher, Antonio Gramsci. Rubeo is said to "like to drop knowledge on radical cultural theory in his spare time," thus providing insight into the origin of the band's name.
Miscellaneous.
Founder, Martin Rubeo is a native of the Pittsburgh suburb of Peters Township and an alumnus of Bucknell University (class of 2001) where he was a student of post-minimalist composer, William Duckworth. In addition to studying music, Rubeo also received his undergraduate degree in Political Science. He also is a certified high school history teacher.
Joel York, who plays and programs synthesizers for the band, is originally from Bradford, United Kingdom. The other four members are all natives of Pittsburgh.
Stephen Dusenberry, who played drums for the band on 2011, is a graduate of Berklee School of Music. 
Rubeo is the primary composer and lyricist for the band, although each member adapts his own part.

</doc>
<doc id="21512478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512478" title="1926 Hartford Blues season">
1926 Hartford Blues season

The 1926 Hartford Blues season was their only season in the league. The team finished 3–7, finishing thirteenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21512489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512489" title="1981 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three">
1981 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three

Results from the 1981 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 30, 1981, in the Circuit de Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="21512490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512490" title="Josef Bím">
Josef Bím

Josef Bím (January 24, 1901 – September 5, 1934) was a Czechoslovak soldier and skier.
Bím was born in Vysoké nad Jizerou. He was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1924 which placed fourth. Furthermore he finished 13th at the Nordic combined event and 26th at the ski jumping competition.
He also took part at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1925 and 1926, where he finished 5th at the Nordic combined event in 1925 and 23rd in 1926. At ski jumping he failed in 1926.
In 1928 he placed 20th at the ski jumping event of the Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21512524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512524" title="Livin la Vida Loco">
Livin la Vida Loco

Livin La Vida Loco, a play on the song title "Livin' la Vida Loca" by Ricky Martin, was a concert tour in 1999. It was headlined by Coal Chamber, and organized by the band's record label, Roadrunner Records. Other bands that were featured included Machine Head, Slipknot, and Amen. The tour was formed after Coal Chamber were thrown off of a tour with the Insane Clown Posse, and picked up Nadja Peulen as an interim bassist during the tour.
Locations.
The tour arrived at New Jersey's Asbury Park's Convention Hall. It also performed at the Webster Theater in Hartford, Connecticut. Before the tour arrived, they requested that the stage be enlarged to better accommodate the tour. When the bands performed there, they were recorded by Roadrunner, and sound checks were performed before every set, causing long waits between bands. After the event, "The Hartford Courant" described Slipknot as the "big name on the undercard". In New York City, the tour performed near Manhattan's Roseland Ballroom.

</doc>
<doc id="21512539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512539" title="Ships in the Forest">
Ships in the Forest

Ships in the Forest is a studio album by Irish traditional singer Karan Casey, and the first to be released primarily on her own label. The album features much of Casey's live band, as well as her brother-in-law and husband, both members of the band "Buille". The album features one song in Gaelic and many Irish traditional songs. There is also a song by Joni Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="21512542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512542" title="Idiofa">
Idiofa

Idiofa is a town in Kwilu District, Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
Location.
Idiofa is the administrative center for Idiofa Territory.
Idiofa lies at an altitude of 1820 ft (554 m), east of the larger city of Kikwit, and west of the Lubue River. 
Idiofa is served by the small Idiofa Airport (IATA Code: IDF).
The town is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Idiofa.
People.
As of 2012 the population was estimated to be 61,056.
The Bunda people form the majority of the population of the town.
Idiofa is known as the place where President Mobutu Sese Seko's mother, Mama Yemo, died during an emergency landing at the local airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21512571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512571" title="Al Stanek">
Al Stanek

Albert Wilfred Stanek (born December 24, 1943, at Springfield, Massachusetts), nicknamed "Lefty", is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the San Francisco Giants. He batted and threw left-handed, stood tall and weighed . Stanek had a 0–0 record, with a 4.73 earned run average in 11 games, in his one year career. 
He was signed by the Giants as an amateur free agent in 1962 and spent the 1963 season at age 19 with the MLB team under the terms of the bonus rule. His professional career lasted from 1962–1967, all in the Giants' system, and he compiled a 29–37 won/lost mark with a 3.51 ERA in 557 minor league innings.

</doc>
<doc id="21512576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512576" title="Tufts Historical Review">
Tufts Historical Review

The Tufts Historical Review is an undergraduate and graduate peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of the United States. It was established in 2007 as the academic publication of the Tufts History Society and the Department of History. The journal also organizes an annual endowed lecture series that brings notable historians to the university. The editorial board consists of undergraduate and graduate candidates at Tufts, with editors-at-large at Princeton University, New York University School of Law, and the University of Kansas. The journal is published by Puritan Press.

</doc>
<doc id="21512594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512594" title="Chocolate-covered bacon">
Chocolate-covered bacon

Chocolate-covered bacon is a North American dish that consists of cooked bacon with a coating of either milk chocolate or dark chocolate. It can be topped with sea salt, crumbled pistachio or almond bits. References on the internet date back at least to 2005. The popularity of the dish has spread and the dish has featured on television shows about food. A variant has been served at state fairs, where the bacon is served with chocolate sauce for dipping. It was even developed into a gourmet food bar.
Reception.
Chocolate-covered bacon is sold as a specialty food across the United States. It appeared at the Minnesota State Fair under the name "Pig Lickers"; it is sold at the Santa Cruz Boardwalk in California and under the name "Pig Candy" by a chocolate maker in New York City.
The dish has appeared on the television show "" as one of the foods served by chef Michael Symon as part of his "mission" to turn everyday boardwalk foods into a gourmet meal at the boardwalk in Wildwood, New Jersey.
Bacon was served with a chocolate dipping sauce at the 2009 Florida State Fair. "Time" magazine videotaped the making of a bacon bar.
Preparation and variations.
Streaky bacon is used to make chocolate-covered bacon. It is first cooked, then immersed in melted chocolate; toppings (if any) are added, and the dish is allowed to cool. A variation is to dip the bacon in melted chocolate for a partial coating, leaving some of the bacon showing.
A British variation is to wrap a cube of chocolate in uncooked bacon, and to cook the bacon parcel in the oven as normal. The result is a hot bacon package, with a sweet melted chocolate center.
Candied bacon has become especially popular at "Big Boy's Cupcakes" in Cumberland, Rhode Island. Owner and operator Kevin Patrick Martin has come up with fifteen different ways to candy bacon and match them with suitable cupcakes. This technique has become known as "swining the cupcakes."
The recent popularity in the United States of bacon combined with sweet ingredients, caused by the quick (and sometimes viral) spreading of recipes in national media and on the Internet, has led to unexpected culinary inventions, such as candied bacon cubes, which are based on a recipe for "Candied bacon with whipped cream" printed in "The New York Times", and bacon strips baked with brown sugar used as garnish for martinis.

</doc>
<doc id="21512595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512595" title="Science.gov">
Science.gov

Science.gov is a web portal and specialized search engine. Using federated search technology, Science.gov serves as a gateway to United States government scientific and technical information and research. Currently in its fifth generation, Science.gov provides a search of over 38 databases from 14 federal science agencies and 200 million pages of science information with just one query, and is a gateway to 1,900+ scientific websites.
In 2007, a report to Congress noted that in fiscal year 2007 "Science.gov experienced 6.5 million search queries across all its scientific databases and 2.6 million page views of its website." By 2012, the site had reached 34 million page views annually. In April 2007, "Library Journal" included Science.gov in its list of best references of 2006. Science.gov is also the United States contribution to the international portal WorldWideScience.
History.
Science.gov 1.0 was launched in December 2002, providing for the first time wide public access and a unified search of the government's stores of scientific and technical information. Science.gov is an interagency initiative of 18 U.S. government science organizations within 14 Federal agencies. These agencies form the voluntary Science.gov Alliance.
In May 2004, Version 2.0 was launched, introducing real-time relevancy ranking to government science retrieval. This technology, funded by the Department of Energy, helps users sort through the government's research and return results relevant to individual needs. An advanced search capability and other enhancements were added. U.S. Secretary of Energy Spencer Abraham and Director of the Office of Science Dr. Raymond L. Orbach both remarked positively on the launch of Science.gov 2.0 on May 11, 2004.
A free "Alert" service was released in February 2005, allowing users to receive e-mail alerts about current science developments in their areas of interest. Up to 25 relevant results from selected information sources can be delivered. Results are displayed in the Alert email and in a personalized Alert Archive, which stores six weeks of alerts results. In the Archive, past activity can be reviewed and Alert profiles edited.
Launched in November 2005, Version 3.0 provided more refined search queries of federal science databases. In addition, fielded searching and Boolean capabilities were enhanced.
In February 2007, Science.gov 4.0 was launched. The new version was reviewed by Gale Cengage and Government Computer News. Version 4.0 allowed further refinement of search queries, allowing users to search within their original results. The relevancy ranking algorithms became more sophisticated, providing ranking of the entire full text of documents on sites where searchable full text resides. Date of the document was priority-weighted for ranking purposes. A new feature allowed users to share search results via e-mail.
Science.gov 5.0 was launched in September 2008 and announced in a U.S. Department of Energy Press Release. The Oak Ridger covered the release as did UPI, Open Access News, Federal Computer Week, Econtent, and SLA Government Information Division. Clustering results into topics areas and the inclusion of Wikipedia topics and EurekAlert Science items related to the search were added.
Governance.
Governance of Science.gov is provided by the interagency Science.gov Alliance. The Alliance is co-chaired by the United States Department of Agriculture and the United States Geological Survey.
Features and capabilities.
Science.gov provides science search through a variety of features and capabilities, including:
Content.
The content for Science.gov is contributed by participating agencies including science professionals, students and teachers, and the business community. Many of these agencies are members of CENDI, which provides administrative support and coordination for Science.gov. Science.gov and the Science.gov Alliance were formed in response to the April 2001 workshop, "Strengthening the Public Information Infrastructure for Science.
Search function providing and hosting.
The web page search function is provided by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), and the "Explore Selected Science Websites by Topic" portion of the site is maintained by the CENDI Secretariat. The Science.gov website is hosted by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI), located in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, which also supplies the site's "deep web search" capability.

</doc>
<doc id="21512617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512617" title="Mehr davon">
Mehr davon

"Mehr davon" ("More of it") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the seventh track on the album "Ein kleines bisschen Horrorschau". It was also released as a promo single in 1992 with a cover of the Rolling Stones.
It's about wanting more money, reputation, speed, hate, sex and power.
Initially it was not released as a single from the album, but it became popular and this is probably the reason behind the 1992 promo single. A "Dreadlock-Mix" was released on "Auf dem Kreuzzug ins Glück". An English version, titled "More & More", is available on "Love, Peace & Money".
Track listing.
A: "We Love You" (Jagger/Richards) − 3:10 (The Rolling Stones cover)<br>
B: "Mehr davon" (von Holst/Frege) - 5:10

</doc>
<doc id="21512627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512627" title="Satellite collision">
Satellite collision

Strictly speaking, a satellite collision is when two objects collide while in orbit around a third, much larger body, such as a planet or moon.
This definition can be loosely extended to include collisions between sub-orbital or escape-velocity objects with an object in orbit. Prime examples are the anti-satellite tests by the USA and China (see below).
Natural-satellite collisions.
To date, there have been no observed collisions between natural satellites of any Solar System planet or moon. Collision candidates for past events are:
Artificial-satellite collisions.
Three types of collisions have occurred involving artificial satellites orbiting the Earth:

</doc>
<doc id="21512633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512633" title="Anston Stones Wood">
Anston Stones Wood

Anston Stones Wood () is a 33.7 hectare (88.3 acre) biological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1955. The site contains the second best example of limestone woodland in South Yorkshire. It is also a Local Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="21512646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512646" title="Joseph Octave Mousseau">
Joseph Octave Mousseau

Joseph Octave Mousseau (April 25, 1844 – December 13, 1898) was a physician and political figure in Quebec. He represented Soulanges in the Canadian House of Commons from 1891 to 1892 as an Independent member.
He was born in Berthier, Canada East, the son of Louis Mousseau, who was the son of Alexis Mousseau, and Sophie Duteau, dit Grandpré. Mousseau was educated at Montreal and Nicolet. He served on the town council for Saint-Polycarpe and also served as mayor. Mousseau married Marie Rose-Avelina Cadieux. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1887. His election to the House of Commons in 1891 was overturned in 1892 and he was defeated by James William Bain in the two by-elections which followed.
He was the brother of Joseph-Alfred Mousseau. His son Joseph-Octave was a member of the Quebec legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21512650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512650" title="Lonnie Maclin">
Lonnie Maclin

Lonnie Lee Maclin (born February 17, 1967 in Clayton, Missouri) was a Major League Baseball left-fielder. Maclin played for the St. Louis Cardinals in the season. In 12 career games, Maclin had one hit in 13 at-bats. He batted and threw left-handed.
Maclin attended Ritenour High School of St. Louis, where at various times he played baseball, basketball, and football, wrestled, and ran track. He was drafted by the Cardinals in the 3rd round of the 1986 amateur draft.
Maclin attributes his failure to catch on with the Cardinals in part to an organizational preference for power hitters, when he was a self-described "slap hitter."
In July of 1995, the Rio Grande Valley White Wings traded Maclin to the Amarillo Dillas in exchange for third baseman Mike Fernandez. Maclin would go on to play for the Dillas in every season though 2001. He served as player-manager in 2001, and served as manager only the following season. The Amarillo Globe-News, the paper of record for the city, described him as "one of the all-time great Dillas players".
In his free time, Maclin enjoyed performing stand-up comedy. 

</doc>
<doc id="21512654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512654" title="1926 Kansas City Cowboys season">
1926 Kansas City Cowboys season

The 1926 Kansas City Cowboys season was their third and final season in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 2–5–1, winning eight games. They finished fourth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21512663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512663" title="Bernard Friedman">
Bernard Friedman

Dr Bernard Friedman (1896 Pretoria, South Africa - 1984 Johannesburg, South Africa), was a surgeon, politician, author, businessman, and outstanding orator who co-founded the anti-apartheid Progressive Party (South Africa).
Biography.
He was educated at Pretoria Boys High School and then he read medicine at Edinburgh University, where he was a gold medalist. He later became a specialist in aural surgery after studies in London and Vienna. Dr Friedman practised in Johannesburg and was Honorary Surgeon to the Ear, Nose and Throat Department of Johannesburg Hospital and then Head of Department. He was senior lecturer in Otolaryngology at the Medical School of the University of Witwatersrand and consultant to the United Defence Force. In the 1920s he became a good friend of Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone whose husband was Governor General of the Union of South Africa. The friendship lasted until Princess Alice's death. As an officer in the Medical Corps in the Second World War, he was Chief Aural Surgeon to the Military Hospital in Johannesburg.
A United Party candidate, he became an MP for Hillbrow in 1943 when Smuts was returned to power. In Parliament, he was noted for the informed content of his speeches, particularly those on financial and treasury matters, and was admired by members on both sides of the House for his quick repartee and cutting interjections. Dr Friedman kept his seat until 1948 when Smuts fell from power and the Nationalist Party under Malan took over Government. In 1955, Dr Friedman resigned his seat in protest against the United Party's refusal to pledge to the restoration of Coloured voters on the common roll (High Court of Parliament Bill). He stood as an Independent but was narrowly defeated by the UP candidate. He then became one of the founders of the Progressive Party (South Africa) and was its leader in the Transvaal for 10 years. Helen Suzman was a protégé of his. C Kaplan wrote in his obituary, "He was a man who saw the injustice of reducing the rights of South Africans of all races and was not afraid to say so". He retired and became President of the South African Institute of Race Relations.
He was also the founder and chairman of the Prudential Building Society, Chairman and Director of Unisec Ltd., Unit Securities and Trust Company of South Africa Ltd., and numerous other companies. He was befriended by Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone, when the Earl was Governor-General of South Africa. He developed the township of Northcliffe, near Johannesburg. He was married to Florence Louie Friedman the satirist, translator of poetry, and publisher (Silver Leaf Books, which she founded with the writer Thelma Gutsche, the first publisher of Nobel Prize Winner, Nadine Gordimer), and South African secretary of PEN. He was father of the writer, Jillian Becker and a son, Jonathan Friedman, who predeceased him.
Published works.
Smuts: A Reappraisal, George Allen & Unwin, London 1975, ISBN 0-04-920045-3.

</doc>
<doc id="21512681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512681" title="2007 Futsal Mundialito">
2007 Futsal Mundialito

2007 Futsal Mundialito is an international friendly championship in futsal. The tournament was held in Algarve, Portugal from 4 to 8 of July 2007. The championship was played in Praia da Alagoa
Sources.
Futsal Planet

</doc>
<doc id="21512682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512682" title="Iran and the West">
Iran and the West

Iran and the West is the name of a three-part British documentary series shown in February 2009 on BBC Two to mark the 30th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution. The first episode was shown at 9:00pm on Saturday 7 February with parts two and three shown on consecutive Saturdays. The documentary looks at the relationship between Iran and the countries of the west and features interviews with politicians who have played significant roles in events involving Iran, Europe and the United States since 1979.
The series is produced by Norma Percy, whose previous series include "The Death of Yugoslavia" and "". Like her previous series, "Iran and the West" relies extensively on interviews with key players involved in the issue.

</doc>
<doc id="21512688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512688" title="Hilltop Lake">
Hilltop Lake

Hilltop Lake is a lagoon in Richmond, California.
Overview.
The lake is fed by Garrity Creek, a small river originating from many springs in the hills east of the Hilltop Green neighborhood in the Hilltop neighborhood. The pond is located within Hilltop Lake Park and is very close to Hilltop Mall. The lake is in the middle of the flow of the creek and the water flows to the marshlands and shoreline of San Pablo Bay. The water body is sometimes confused with Temporary Pond; however, this lagoon lies to the northwest and is fed by a different watershed entirely.

</doc>
<doc id="21512696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512696" title="Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck">
Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck

Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck (25 September 1873 in Liestal - 12 April 1957, in Liestal) was a famous Swiss architect from Liestal canton Basel-Country.
Biography.
Early life.
Wilhelm Eduard, son of Wilhelm senior (architect and cement factory owner) and Susanne Karoline Spinnler, grew up in Liestal. 
Primarily Wilhelm Brodtbeck visited schools in Liestal and then at a later age in Basel. He then studied architecture, concluding at the University of Stuttgart und at the University of Karlsruhe. Later he made various studium journeys in Germany, Holland, Austria, Italy and France, hereafter Brodtbeck worked in Lausanne.
He married Susanna Elisabeth Buess from Wenslingen, Basel-Country, in 1904.
Career.
Wilhelm Brodtbeck founded his own architect's office in 1901 in Liestal. As young architect he accomplished a large variety of residential houses. Later he expanded his horizon and realized schools complexes and industrial buildings.
As from 1921, together with his partner Fritz Bohny, he managed the architecture bureau W. Brodtbeck AG. In 1952 Rolf Georg Otto was invited by Brodtbeck to take over the well recognized business. The two founders members withdrew themselves from the daily business. Bohny retired, but Brodtbeck remained in the board of directors as president until his death in 1957. The well renowned firm still exists today under the name Otto und Partner.
Legacy.
Throughout the district of Basel, the architect's bureau W. Brodtbeck AG became famous due to their modern style buildings. Be it in partnership work with other companies, W. Brodtbeck AG were able to realise two important projects in Basel city. These are the city of Basel casino (1939–1941) and, for the chemical enterprise Sandoz, the administrative and head office building. 
Further important projects from Brodtbeck's architecture bureau are, for example, the school complex "Rotackerschulhaus" in Liestal, the bank "Kantonalbank" in Binningen, the mill complex, including the small power station, in Lausen, Basel-Country, (1923) and the building complex for the salt mines in "Schweizerhalle" by Muttenz. 
To the afore mentioned, addendum, the residential estate Wasserhaus (1920/21) in the sub-district „Neue Welt“ in Münchenstein. The Wasserhaus estate was developed by Brodtbeck concluding the original plans drawn by Prof. Hans Benno Bernoulli, Basel, (1876–1959). Due to the unique archetype nature and the prototypical neighbourhood, the Wasserhaus estate was taken up in the Swiss Inventory of Cultural Property of National and Regional Significance. Inventar der schützenswerten Ortsbilder (ISOS).
Further Activities.
Honorary Work.
Wilhelm Brodtbeck worked 20 years in the commission for the municipality („Gemeindekommission") of Liestal and he was member of the board of management of the Basel protected historic site/landmark (Heimatschutzes).
Scripts.
Wilhelm Brodtbeck also wrote poems, pageants and prose:
Literature.
Schneider Max, Architekt Wilhelm Brodtbeck-Buess, 1873 bis 1957, in: Baselbieter Heimatblätter 1978, Heft 2, 304

</doc>
<doc id="21512714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512714" title="St Mary's Roman Catholic High School, Chesterfield">
St Mary's Roman Catholic High School, Chesterfield

St Mary's Roman Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic, co-educational, secondary school with academy status in Upper Newbold, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, that specialises in the teaching of languages.
It received a School Achievements Award for the third time in 2003 and has approximately 1260 pupils attending, including 254 sixth form students (as of 2006).
The Headteacher of this school is currently Mr S McClafferty, after the retirement of Mr T Moore OBE who has won awards for his involvements in the school's charity work, particularly the funding and building of a school in Burkina Faso, Africa. He received an OBE in December 2006; this was mentioned on the local BBC News programme "Look North".
The school is voluntary aided and holds many fundraising events in order to aid itself financially.
St Mary's performance is considerably higher than the local and national average, and was recognised as 'particularly successful' by Ofsted in 1993-4 and 1997-8.
However, the School has no specific geographical catchment area (like other schools in the area) and so can choose students from church Parishes in Chesterfield, though all Catholic applicants are generally accepted; regardless of academic ability.
The school adopted the song "Let us build a school" as their official school hymn in 2006. Former Australian international cricketer Jason Gillespie has visited the school, and there is a picture of him in the sports hall to commemorate this.
History.
Beginnings.
The school was first opened on 8 January 1856. It was part of The Church of the Annunciation, a Roman Catholic church in Chesterfield, built by the Society of Jesus (Jesuits) and completed in 1854. The church at the time was also known as St Mary's. The school later moved to a site on Cross Street, also in Chesterfield, around 100 metres from the church. The buildings on Cross Street are now home to St Mary's Roman Catholic Primary School, a feeder school to St Mary's Roman Catholic High School. Both schools are closely linked with the Church of The Annunciation.
In 1997 the school adopted the motto that now adorns the school badge, 'Gaudium Et Spes, ' meaning 'Joy and Hope.' The motto was chosen by the Governors and Sixth Form Council, after an open call for contributions. Although previous editions of this article claim that "the successful motto suggestion was submitted by the erstwhile Mr Shirley," this claim is untrue. Indeed, he remains on the teaching staff at the school and still demanding his pound of flesh, insisting his pupils move with a purpose, and even occasionally noting that "some fell on stony ground" (That's Biblical)
Present Campus.
The present campus was the brainchild of Canon David Ryan. He worked tirelessly, for fourteen years, from the time of his arrival as Parish Priest at the Annunciation, to raise funds for the new school campus. The present campus was officially opened in 1982, one year after its completion. In 2000 a new building was built to house the school's ICT facilities. This was dedicated to Canon David Ryan and was named 'The Canon David Ryan Building'.
In the summer of 2002, work in building an all-weather astroturf sports pitch was completed. The pitch has facilities for football and hockey, and is floodlit for use during the evening, particularly for after-school sports fixtures and also the local hockey club.
In September 2003 work on a Sports Hall was started, the building was completed in June 2004. The building was dedicated and blessed in the same month.
In 2004 work started on building a new building to house the school's English Department, this was completed in the summer of 2005.
140th Anniversary.
The school celebrated its 140th Anniversary in 2006. One of the main celebrations involved the building of a school in Burkina Faso. Fundraising started in 2005, in order to reach a target of £30,000.
The school is now complete and footage of lessons were recently shown on the local BBC News programme "Look North" in December 2006, in the same article announcing that Mr. T. Moore will be receiving an OBE.
Sesquicentennial.
The school will celebrate its Sesquicentennial (150th Anniversary) on 30 January 2015.
School houses.
St Mary's has six school 'houses' which compete in the school's various inter-house events (primarily sport). The house names reflect the school's Catholic ethos:
The house symbols appear on the students badges. The colour of the picture shows which year group they belong to and the colour is retained until the student leaves the school.
Pupils can be rewarded with merits for repeatedly achieving good work. These merits count towards the points scored by the pupil's house for the year.
Choir.
The school has several choirs spanning all year groups. The School has its own Male Voice Choir - "Manflesh" - formed after the Chamber Choir ended in summer 2007. The Male Choir made its first appearance at the 2007 Crooked Spire concert, singing 'Gaudete' and 'A La Ruru Nino'. 2008 saw Manflesh sing at the Winding Wheel, and then in July, along with the other school choirs, tour Venice singing at St Mark's Basilica and San Giovanni. In 2013, "Mini Manflesh" was added to the list of choirs, an all male choir for lower years.
School Status.
St. Mary's is a DfES designated Language College and Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="21512718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512718" title="Lucasville, Nova Scotia">
Lucasville, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21512733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512733" title="React (song)">
React (song)

"React" was the lead single released from Onyx's third album, Shut 'Em Down. It featured Onyx affiliates X-1, Bonifucco and Still Livin' and a then unknown 50 Cent in his first official appearance on a song. "React" was released on June 2, 1998 through Def Jam Recordings and was produced by Bud'da. This was the more successful of the two singles from the album, peaking at #62 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and #44 on the Hot Rap Singles. The song samples the Slick Rick song "Mona Lisa". Allmusic highlighted the song itself when they reviewed the album.

</doc>
<doc id="21512737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512737" title="Reggie Arnold">
Reggie Arnold

Reggie Arnold (born March 30, 1987) is an American football running back formerly with the Arkansas State Red Wolves football team. He ran for more than 1,000 yards during his first 3 years with Arkansas State from 2006-2008. He was ranked as the 95th top returning college football player in 2009 by "College Football News".

</doc>
<doc id="21512748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512748" title="Die Geschichte vom kleinen Muck">
Die Geschichte vom kleinen Muck

Die Geschichte vom Kleinen Muck (English: The Story of Little Muck) is a 1953 feature film directed by Wolfgang Staudte, adapted from the 19th century fairy tale written by Wilhelm Hauff.
Plot.
An old artisan in a middle-eastern town finds himself the brunt of abuse from the townspeople, due to his hunch-back. The children, who call him "wicked", chase him and corner him in his shop. He locks them in, and tells them they can only leave once they have listened to his story. 
It turns out the old man used to be called "little Muck" in his youth. As a boy, Muck is kind and benevolent, despite being discriminated against by everyone. When his caring father dies, his greedy relatives ransack his house and threaten Muck. Muck escapes, and sets out in search of a merchant who can supposedly sell happiness.
Muck wanders across the desert, only to find the house of a wicked woman who traps him. Before escaping, he takes her magical boots and staff. These boots allow Muck to run faster than anyone else in the land.
He immediately seeks out the Sultan, and with the help of his boots, he becomes the Sultan's chief runner, delivering messages. His staff also has the power to find buried treasure.
His employment with the sultan leads to the youth encountering some ethical problems. Eventually, he is framed for thievery, and thrown out. Despite these circumstances, Muck returns, and helps his virtuous friend Hassan win the heart of the lovely Princess Amarza. 
Once Muck has finished his retrospective, the children display a newfound respect for him, and they help him with his work.
Themes.
There are several morals to be found in the film. The film's main antagonists are agents of greed and occasionally senseless violence, such as the Sultan when he declares war on a neighbouring state for no other reason than the planet's orbit. The sultan exclaims: "You have the audacity to tell me that the sun comes up earlier in the neighboring country of sultan Wasil Husain than in mine?" The Sultan also lives a life of excessive luxury, and is largely apathetic to the misfortunes of others. He once claims "I counted the slaves in the bath today. There were only 31! I'm not going to have to dry myself, am I?" 
Muck's relatives are also excessively greedy and disrespectful to Muck's father. The moment the old man dies, these relatives show up and threaten an obviously traumatized Muck. 
Conversely, Muck remains generous and kind throughout the movie. He feels sympathy for the runner he puts out of work, he frees a slave girl, and he even defies the Sultan's orders by disregarding the declaration of war he was supposed to deliver. 
Despite these exploits, he is still a social pariah, up until he shares his story with everyone else.
These instances of social commentary are fairly subtle throughout, and the film remains light-hearted and whimsical. 
Reception.
From the movie's release in 1953 to the fall of the GDR in East Germany, "Kleinen Muck" remained the number one selling film of the Ministry of Foreign Trade. It attracted 12,998,153 viewers in the country alone.
Director Wolfgang Staudte was originally slotted to work on the film "Mutter Courage und ihre Kinder", but due to disagreements, he never started work on the project and took up "Kleinen Muck" as an interim project.
Filmic Techniques and Diegesis.
The film's fictional world is whimsical and fanciful. The colours of the sets are bright throughout the movie, with the exception of a brief dungeon scene. Most of the camerawork is done at close range, and there are very few panoramas in the film. The background sets are often intentionally over-exaggerated. Ideal middle-eastern towns border with sand dunes and lush palaces in an escapist representation of the Orient. 
The costumes and make-up are equally exaggerated, probably due to the film not taking itself too seriously. The cast is for the most part German, and these German actors are tasked with portraying Arabs. The make-up is fairly obvious, while the hair-styles and clothes donned by the film's antagonists are meant to be sources of light ridicule. Special effects are also used, specifically with regards to the story's magical elements. Muck's incredible speed is shown as he runs in fast-forward. His staff hovers, and donkeys' ears grow out of heads.
Despite the movie's production in a totalitarian state, the film does not contain any obvious propaganda or political messages. The dialogue and events of the diegesis remain apolitical throughout.

</doc>
<doc id="21512768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512768" title="Sewickley Public Library">
Sewickley Public Library

The Sewickley Public Library is the public library serving the Quaker Valley School District. The library can be found in Sewickley, Pennsylvania, a borough that is located west northwest of Pittsburgh along the Ohio River. A community and cultural resource since 1873, the Sewickley Public Library was established to provide free service to residents of the Quaker Valley School District, Allegheny County residents, and qualified non-residents. The Library offers a variety of materials and services. Owning over 90,000 titles – housing an ever-growing collection of fiction and non-fiction books, DVDs, music CDs, audio books, and magazines – the Library also has access to the materials of all other participating Allegheny County Library Association libraries.
Major funding for the library is provided by the Quaker Valley School District. Partial funding is provided by the Allegheny Regional Asset District and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
History.
According to Mr. Bayard H. Christy in a report prepared for the Home and School Association of Sewickley on November 8, 1912, the Sewickley Public Library owes its origins to the arrival of a whiskey boat at the Saw Mill landing one Saturday evening in the winter of 1872-73. "The consequent riot and disorder...led some, interested in the welfare of the young men, to think that such things would not be, had we a place for proper and rational amusement and self-improvement."
The Young Men's Library Association was formed in 1873 and rented a room for library services at the Mozart Hall (corner of Beaver and Broad Streets). It was later moved to a building next door called Choral Hall. In 1880 the property of the library was transferred to the Sewickley School Board under the general school laws of the state.
In 1923 the library formally moved to its present location, a building given by Mr. William L. Clause in memory of his wife Elizabeth Ann Clause.
In the dedication address by Mr. Clause, he stated, "In presenting this library, it is my desire that it should be the property of the entire valley, yet under the existing conditions, there is no way this can be done, as there is no way the matter can be handled except to deed it to the School District of the borough of Sewickley. Of course if the boroughs ever become consolidated, or if the school districts are ever consolidated, that would solve this problem."
In the ensuing years, Osborne and Edgeworth School Districts also supported the library until 1956 at which time a jointure of eleven municipalities comprising Aleppo, Bell Acres, Edgeworth, Glenfield, Haysville, Leet, Leetsdale, Osborne, Sewickley, Sewickley Heights and Sewickley Hills, formed the Quaker Valley School District. In 1967, the Quaker Valley School District Board of Directors designated the Sewickley Public Library as its agency to provide public library service to Quaker Valley School District residents and taxpayers and resolved to maintain or assist in the maintenance of the library.
The building was awarded Historic Landmark status by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21512775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512775" title="Boghassa">
Boghassa

Boghassa (var. Boughessa) is a Saharan village and commune in the Cercle of Abeïbara in the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 3,401.

</doc>
<doc id="21512776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512776" title="Pululagua">
Pululagua

Pululagua (alternate spelling: Pululahua) is a dormant volcano in the north of Quito Canton, Pichincha Province, Ecuador. The volcano is in the Western Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes, approximately west-southwest of Mojanda and north of Casitahua volcanoes. Pululagua's caldera is approximately 5 km wide.
The volcano is within an Ecuadorian national park known as Reserva Geobotánica Pululahua.
In 467 BCE, Pululagua erupted, sending volcanic ash over much of the western Ecuadorian lowland regions, which greatly reduced the expressions of Chorrera culture.

</doc>
<doc id="21512784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512784" title="List of compositions by Victor Herbert">
List of compositions by Victor Herbert

This list of compositions by Victor Herbert is sorted by genre.

</doc>
<doc id="21512797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512797" title="Ashfield Brick Pits">
Ashfield Brick Pits

Ashfield Brick Pits () is a 0.6 hectare (1.4 acre) geological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21512803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512803" title="Clint Langley">
Clint Langley

Clint Langley is a British comic book artist best known for his work on series with Pat Mills at "2000 AD" and as the cover artist for Marvel Comics' "Guardians of the Galaxy".
He is an artist who combines painting, photography and digital art and as well as his work in comics, he has provided the art for role-playing games and collectible cards.
Early life.
Langley went to Hastings College and studied art and design.
Career.
Langley's first published work was with "Nighfall Games's" role-playing game "SLA Industries" in 1993. His work appeared in their first three books, SLA Industries, Karma and Mort, for which he painted the cover. He also provided the large wrap-around painting for the game's GM's Screen. 
Langley began his career at "2000 AD" on "Dinosty" with Pat Mills, and went on to work on some of the comics flagship titles, like "Judge Dredd" and "Sinister Dexter".
He has since repeatedly collaborated with Mills, most notably on his long-running series "ABC Warriors" and "Sláine" where he is the current artist on both. Mills also has formed Repeat Offenders with Langley and Jeremy Davis "to develop graphic novel concepts with big-screen potential" and the first project will be an, as yet unpublished, graphic novel called "American Reaper". It has been option by Trudie Styler's Xingu Films and Mills will be writing the screenplay.
Since 2007 he has also got work in the American comic book market providing covers for Marvel Comics, especially those connected with Dan Abnett, who he worked with on "Sinister Dexter", leading to a run on the modern incarnation of the "Guardians of the Galaxy".
Bibliography.
Covers.
Cover work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="21512804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512804" title="Kleopatra Pharaoh">
Kleopatra Pharaoh

"Kleopatra" and "Pharaoh" are a two volume novel by historical novelist Karen Essex, author of "Leonardo's Swans" and "Stealing Athena". The books emphasize the Egyptian queen’s Greek roots as a descendent of Alexander the Great and re-imagine her as an astute ruler and diplomat.
References.
1. Author website, KarenEssex.com 

</doc>
<doc id="21512810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512810" title="List of members of the House of Oldenburg">
List of members of the House of Oldenburg

Agnatic male descendants of the Glücksburg branch of the House of Oldenburg:
Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, 1785-1831, had 7 sons:

</doc>
<doc id="21512813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512813" title="Art Infusion">
Art Infusion

In marketing, art infusion is the general influence of artworks on perceptions and evaluations of products with which the artworks are associated.
The term was first introduced in an article in the "Journal of Marketing Research" in 2008. Henrik Hagtvedt and Vanessa Patrick, the two researchers who authored the article, demonstrated a favorable influence of artworks on consumer evaluations of non-art products that were associated with the artworks via, for instance, advertising or product design. The authors suggested that the creation and appreciation of art has evolved through the millennia of human prehistory, and that the universal human impulse to apply skill and creative effort to express oneself artistically is also reflected in the recognition of the objects thus created as belonging to a special category. This special category has several characteristics, including non-utility. This does not imply that artworks cannot have utility, but that creativity and skill are central to the creation and appreciation of the artwork, irrespective of any other functions, or lack thereof, that the artwork may serve. This non-utilitarian quest for excellence, when associated with other objects, leads to more favorable evaluations of those objects.

</doc>
<doc id="21512858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512858" title="Anefif">
Anefif

Anefif or Anéfis is a Saharan village and commune in the Cercle of Kidal in the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali. The village lies 95 km southwest of Kidal on the route linking Kidal to Bourem and Gao. In 2009 the commune had a population of 5,087.
The commune has a Saharian climate and is too dry for rain-fed agriculture. The annual rainfall of around 150 mm occurs between late June and early September. Most of the population are nomadic pastoralists.
A battle took place near Anefif between 29-30 March 2013 as part of the Northern Mali conflict. It resulted in fighters for the MNLA claiming the village from the Islamist group MOJWA and killing one of the latter's commanders.

</doc>
<doc id="21512869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512869" title="Timtaghène">
Timtaghène

Timtaghène is a rural "commune" in the "Cercle" of Tessalit in the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali. The main village ("chef-lieu") of the "commune" is Inabag which is due west of Aguelhok, southwest of Tessalit and northeast of Timbuktu. In the census of 2009 the "commune" had a population of 2,470. The "commune" is entirely desert and covers an area of approximately 30,000 km2, but it includes the settlements of Alybadine, Darassal, Tadjoudjoult, Tachrak, Tawhoutène, Tin Kar (Timétrine) and Teghaw-Ghawen. 
The village of Inabag is located near the well marked as Mabroûk on maps published by Institute Géographique National in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21512915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512915" title="Wright House">
Wright House

Wright House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21512920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512920" title="Bilham Sand Pits">
Bilham Sand Pits

Bilham Sand Pits () is a 0.2 hectare (0.1 acre) geological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21512939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512939" title="1926 Los Angeles Buccaneers season">
1926 Los Angeles Buccaneers season

The 1926 Los Angeles Buccaneers season was their only season in the league. The team finished 6–3–1, tying for sixth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21512963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512963" title="Organic theory of the state">
Organic theory of the state

The Organic Theory of the State is a species of political collectivism which maintains that the state transcends individuals within the State in power, right, or priority. It is often traced to Hegel, though it has links to such ancient thinkers as Plato, and has been strongly influential in societies as diverse as Soviet Russia, Nazi Germany, Communist China, and the political thought of Woodrow Wilson and some thinkers involved in the American New Deal. An example of the organic theory in real life is when Hitler during WWII adopted this theory when they practiced "lebensraum" or living space. They invaded other countries in order to get more territory for their country.
The union of individuals forming the State has been described as similar to the union between the several parts of an animal body, wherein all parts are functionally related and none can exist in isolation from the rest. Just as the body has a natural unity, so has a social group. An arm lives and moves only as a part of an organic whole. Amputated from the body, it dies. The Organic Theory is a biological conception which describes the State in terms of “natural science, views the individuals which compose it as analogous to the cells of a plant or animal, and postulates a relation of interdependence between them and society such as exists between the organs and parts of a biological organism and the whole structure.” In other words, as the animal body is composed of cells, so is the State composed of several individuals, and as is the “relation of the hand to the body, or the leaf to the tree, so is the relation of man to society. He exists in it and it in him.” The State is an organic unity—”a living spiritual being.”
The Organic Theory is as old as political thought itself. Plato compared the State to a man of great stature, and conceived a resemblance in their functions. He said that “the best ordered commonwealth was one whose structural organisation resembled most nearly in principle to that of the individual.” Cicero, too relied, upon the same analogy and likened the head of the State to the spirit which rules the human body. Among writers of the Middle Ages and early modem times, the theory was supported notably by John of Salisbury, Marsiglio Althusius and many others. It, also, found favour with Hobbes and Rousseau, although the analogies and comparisons which they made were superficial.
With the decline of the Social Contract Theory, in the early part of the nineteenth century, the theory of the organic nature of the State found a new and vigorous expression. The ancient and medieval writers had merely drawn an analogy between the State and an organism.
They held that the State resembled an organism. But writers of the nineteenth century regarded the State as an organism.
Even fanciful and very often vain elaborations of the organic conception, attributing, for instance, to the State an alimentary system, a nervous system, a circulatory system, etc., became the theme of the time.
Indeed, the “fascination of the theory with its biological analogies and parallelisms became so widespread that political science, for a time, seemed in danger of being swallowed up by natural science.”
The new theory, that the State is an organism, took root in German soil and there it found its most notable advocates. But the culmination of the theory was reached in the writings of Bluntschli.
The State, he asserted, is the very “image of human organism.” As “an oil painting,” he said, “is something more than a mere aggregation of drops of oil, as a statue is something more than a combination of marble particles, as a man is something more than a mere quantity of cells and blood corpuscles, so the nation is something more than a mere aggregation of citizens, and the State something more than a mere collection of external regulations.”
He stretched his biological analogy to the extreme and endowed the State with the quality of sex, describing it as having a male personality.
Theory as expanded by Spencer. The theory that the State is an organism received a most scientific treatment at the hands of Herbert Spencer, the English philosopher. Spencer believed that social life is a part of an ever-evolving nature and starting from the idea of a universal evolution, he afterwards included biological evolution in his analysis. He asserted that society is an organism and it differs in no essential principle from other biological organisms. The attributes of an organism and society, he maintained, are similar and the permanent relations existing between their various parts are also the same. Both exhibit the same process of development. The animal and social bodies, Spencer affirmed, begin as germs, all similar and simple in structure. As they grow and develop, they become unlike and complex in structure. Their process of development is the same; both moving from similarity and simplicity to dissimilarity and complexity. “As the lowest type of animal is all stomach, respiratory surface or limb, so primitive society is all warriors, all hunters, all builders, or all tool-maker. As society grows in complexity, division of labour follows, i.e., new organs with different functions appears, corresponding to the differentiation of functions in the animal, in which fundamental trait they become entirely alike.” In either case there is a mutual dependence of parts. Just as the hand depends on the arm and the arm on the body and head, so do the parts of the social organism depend on each other.
Every organism depends for its life and full performance of its functions on the proper coordination and interrelation of the units. As the diseased condition of one organ affects the health and proper functioning of other organs, similarly, individuals who form the society are inseparably connected with one another for the realisation of their best self.
There is so much dependence of one on the other that the distress of one paralyses the rest of the society. “If the iron worker in the social organism stops work, or the miner or the food producer, or the distributor fails to discharge his natural functions in the economy of the society, the whole suffers injury just as the animal organism suffers from the failure of its members to perform their functions.”
Society and organism, it is further pointed out, are both subject to wear and tear and then replacement. Just as cell tissues and blood corpuscles in the animal organism wear out and are replaced by new ones, in the same manner, old, infirm, and diseased persons die, giving place to newly born persons.
Spencer, then, gives some structural analogies between society and organism. He says, society, too, has three systems corresponding to the sustaining system, the distributaries system and the regulating system in an organism.
The sustaining system in an organism consists of mouth, gullet, stomach and intestines it is by means of this’ system that food is disgusted and the whole organic machine is sustained. Society has its own sustaining system and it is the productive system comprising the manufacturing districts and agricultural areas.
The distributary system in an organism consists of the blood vessels, heart, arteries and veins and they carry blood to all parts of the body. Means of communication and transport in the social structure correspond to the distributary system in an organism. What the arteries and veins mean to the human body roads, railways, post and telegraph services mean to society.
Finally, the regulating system is the nerve-motor mechanism which regulates the whole body. Government in the body politic regulates and controls the activities of the individuals, and it is analogous to the regulating system.
From these points of agreement, Spencer concludes that the State is an organism. But he himself admits that the identity between the two is not complete. There is one “extreme unlikeness” in the structure of the body-politic and that of the animal organism.
The animal organism is concrete in structure, that is, its units are bound together in close contact and they form a concrete whole. The social body, on the other hand, is discrete.
Its parts are separate and distinct, or, to quote Spencer, the units of the social body are free and “more or less widely dispersed.”
Spencer also points out another difference between an organism and a social body. This difference, he admits, is very important because it “greatly affects our notion of the ends to be achieved by social organisation.” He says that there is no “nerve sensorium” in the social body.
That is to say, there is no single centre of consciousness in society as is found in the living body. In an organism, consciousness is concentrated in one definite part of the whole, the cerebrum or brain. In society, it is diffused or spread over the whole. Every individual member in a society has his own conscience and he acts for himself independently of others.
But even these “fundamental” points of difference in the structure of the body-politic and that of the animal organism did not deter Spencer from his thesis that the State is an organism. As a matter of fact, he built on those differences his theory of Individualism.
He concluded that the State should leave the individual alone to pursue his own welfare, for “society exists for the benefit of its members, not its members for the benefit of society.” Herbert Spencer did not, however, realise that his conclusion was the very negation of the organic nature of the State.

</doc>
<doc id="21512979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512979" title="Ring pucker">
Ring pucker

Ring pucker is a technical term used in chemistry. In sugar chemistry, five-membered rings such as the furanose form of ribose are more flexible and have a greater tendency to pucker than six-membered rings such as the pyranose form of glucose. Whereas the six-membered ring adopts a stable chair or boat conformation (see conformational isomerism) enhancing the anomeric effect, five-membered ring pucker results in sugars and sugar analogs of the furanose form having a less pronounced anomeric effect.

</doc>
<doc id="21512999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21512999" title="Casitahua">
Casitahua

Casitahua (less frequent spelling: "Casitagua") is a dormant, eroded volcano in the north of Quito Canton, Pichincha Province, Ecuador. The volcano is in the Western Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes, between Pululagua Volcano to the north and Pichincha Volcano approximately to the southwest. Casitahua's caldera is open approximately towards the west-northwest.
Casitahua is surrounded by the urban parishes El Condado and Cotocollao of the city of Quito to the south, and by the rural parishes Calacalí to the northwest and San Antonio to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="21513010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513010" title="Bradgate Brickworks">
Bradgate Brickworks

Bradgate Brickworks () is a 0.9 hectare (2.2 acre) geological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21513020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513020" title="Carson House (Marion, North Carolina)">
Carson House (Marion, North Carolina)

The Carson House is a historic house and museum located in Marion, North Carolina that was the home of Col. John Carson, and served as the McDowell County courthouse at the county's inception. 
Built in 1793, The Carson House is one of the oldest standing structures in Marion along with the nearby Joseph McDowell House. Large walnut logs were harvested from nearby Buck Creek to construct the massive three-story plantation. Between 1804-1827, the area now known as McDowell County was a large producer of gold, and people from all over the country came to "strike it rich" before the California Gold Rush of 1849. The 1843 meeting to formally organize McDowell County out of the counties of Burke County and Rutherford County took place in the home of Col. John Carson, and the county was named after Col. Joseph McDowell, the hero of the American Revolution at the Battle of King's Mountain. Originally, the county commissioners wanted the county seat to be located around the Carson House, but concerns about disrupting plantation life led to the Carson family donating a few miles east for the county seat.
For many years, The Carson House served as a stagecoach inn and social center, and was a stopping point for important historical figures such as Davy Crockett, Sam Houston, and Andrew Jackson, who reportedly lost money gambling on the horses that raced at the Carson Plantation. Dan Kanipe, one of only two survivors of General Custer's unit in the Battle of Little Bighorn lived in Marion, and spent some years living at the Carson House.
After extensive renovations, the house was opened to the public as a museum and library in 1964. The Carson House maintains a unique collection of research materials and books, along with dozens of family histories in its library. The Mary M. Greenlee Genealogical Research and History Room has been a part of the house since the early 1970s, and is constantly adding to its archives. Today, The Carson House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is open to the public as a museum. In 2007, it was listed as a certified destination on the NC Civil War Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="21513024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513024" title="Jens-Anton Poulsson">
Jens-Anton Poulsson

Jens-Anton Poulsson DSO, (27 October 1918 in Tinn – 2 February 2010) was a Norwegian military officer. During World War II he was a Norwegian resistance member, especially noted for his role in the heavy water sabotage 1942–1943. He continued his military career after the war, and was appointed colonel in 1968.
World War II.
Heavy water sabotage.
Poulsson served as a second lieutenant in the Norwegian Independent Company 1 () during World War II. As a leader of the "Grouse" team he parachuted onto the Hardangervidda plateau on 18 October 1942, along with Arne Kjelstrup, Knut Haugland and Claus Helberg. The team landed at Fjarefit in Songadalen, and prepared to receive British troops of Operation Freshman at Møsvassdammen. The Freshman operation was a failure, as the two gliders crashed. Another operation, called Gunnerside, was successful. The Gunnerside team joined the Grouse (later renamed Swallow), and the combined team succeeded in the destruction of heavy water equipment and stock at Vemork in February 1943. After the sabotage Poulsson escaped to Oslo, and later via Sweden to the United Kingdom.
Poulsson was awarded Norway's War Cross with sword, after his return to United Kingdom in 1943. It was presented to him by King Haakon at a ceremony at the training school STS 26 in Scotland, near Nethy Bridge. Also Rønneberg, leader of the "Gunnerside" team, received the War Cross with sword at this ceremony, while the other participants in the heavy water sabotage received the St. Olav's Medal With Oak Branch.
Operation Sunshine.
Poulsson returned to Norway in 1944, participating in Operation "Sunshine" led by major Leif Tronstad. Nine SOE agents, among them several from the heavy water sabotage team, were paradropped over Ugleflott in Øvre Telemark 5 October 1944. Their mission was to establish fighting groups at Rjukan, Notodden and Nore. Poulsson, along with Claus Helberg as wireless operator, was responsible for the Rjukan section. In the mountains surrounding Rjukan a military force consisting of 300 soldiers was built up, and the troops were supplied with provisions and weapons from allied aircraft.
The part of Telemark which was covered by "Sunshine" was called Milorg district 16 (D-16). When Tronstad was killed in a shooting episode 11 March 1945, Poulsson took over as leader of the "Sunshine" operation (Milorg D-16).
Awards.
For his war contributions Poulsson was decorated with the Defence Medal with rosette and Haakon VIIs 70th Anniversary Medal, in addition to the War Cross. He was also decorated with the British Distinguished Service Order (DSO) as well as the St. Olav's Medal With Oak Branch.
Post war.
In 1960 Poulsson was leading the Danish–Norwegian battalion (Danor) in the UN force UNEF in Gaza. From 1961 he held various leading positions in the Norwegian Army, and has been a colonel since 1968. He headed His Majesty The King's Guard from 1961–1965, he was second in command for Brigade Nord from 1967–1968 and he headed the 3rd Infantry Regiment from 1980–1982.
Poulsson died early February 2010 aged 91.
In his funeral, King Harald V participated, in addition to historian Knut Werner Hagen, who is about to write a book about Poulsson in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="21513077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513077" title="Carlton Main Brickworks">
Carlton Main Brickworks

Carlton Main Brickworks () is a 15.5 hectare (38.4 acre) geological site of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire. The site was notified in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21513078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513078" title="Arnaud Costes">
Arnaud Costes

Arnaud Costes (born 16 June 1973 in Tulle, France) is a French former international rugby union footballer who also played for France national team.
Career.
As flanker he played for several French clubs: he debuted in the French championship in 1993 with Montferrand, where he also won the 1998-99 European Challenge Cup; in 2000 he moved to Castres for which he played until 2002; he then played the 2002-2003 season with Bourgoin-Jallieu then ended his professional career at Béziers (2003–2005).
Finally he moved at 34 to the amateur club Gaillac in Fédérale 3 where he closed definitely his career as player in 2007, aged 36.
As international he won 14 full caps for France and took part to two consecutive World Cups, in 1995 (1 match) and in 1999, where France were runners-up.
His last international game was against Ireland during the 2000 Six Nations.
Since retirement he has managed the amateur club Rugby Olympique de Castelnaudary, (Fédérale 3).

</doc>
<doc id="21513109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513109" title="Penne Percy Korth">
Penne Percy Korth

Penne Percy Korth Peacock (born November 3, 1942 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American diplomat. She graduated from the University of Texas in 1964 
with a B.A.
She is a commissioner of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy. Nominated in 1997, Korth Peacock previously served as Ambassador to Mauritius from 1989 to 1992. In 1993, Korth Peacock co-founded Firestone and Korth Ltd., a corporate consulting and events management firm in Washington, D.C..
Korth Peacock currently serves on the Boards of Chevy Chase Bank, the Council of American Ambassadors, Meridian International Center, the Van Cliburn Foundation, the Marjorie Merriweather Post Foundation of DC, and the Association for Diplomatic Studies and Training. She is also Vice Chairman of the Washington Round Table of the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).
Ambassadorship.
Korth Peacock was nominated officially by President George H. W. Bush on August 4, 1989 and presented her credentials as ambassador to Mauritius on December 6, 1989. She succeeded Ronald D. Palmer. At the time she most recently served as co-chair of the American Bicentennial Presidential Inauguration, 1988-1989. Since 1986 Korth has been the senior Washington associate and client liaison and representative of the trust and estate division of Sotheby's. She relieved the position on November 19, 1992.
Public diplomacy.
In late 2005, the Advisory Commission published its annual report, giving strong recommendations and guidance on the future of U.S. public diplomacy. The group states that in the short term, a central goal is to establish platforms for cross-cultural dialogue, noting that two-way communication is critical to fostering a sense of shared values and trust. The report also provides recommendations on improving long-term communications, including the development of virtual centers for cultural exchange and the establishment of new English language inititiatives. The commission's conclusions highlight the increasing importance of modernizing communications in under-developed nations, providing a critical link for the West to engage its world audience.
Family.
Korth Peacock originally married Fritz-Alan Korth and divorced with three children.
Korth Peacock then married the former Australian Liberal leader Andrew Peacock in 2002, after a long-time companionship.
Peacock, then 63, met Korth Peacock, then 59, at the time the former Texas beauty queen was ambassador to Mauritius, and while he was the Australian Ambassador to the United States from 1997 to 1999. Peacock, who was president of Boeing Australia and lives in Sydney, had only this to say about his third wedding: "It is a very happy occasion."
Korth Peacock and Andrew Peacock currently live in Texas. 

</doc>
<doc id="21513141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513141" title="Tabacundo">
Tabacundo

Tabacundo is the seat of Pedro Moncayo Canton, Pichincha Province, Ecuador. Tabacundo is on the southeastern foothills of Mojanda Volcano. It is northeast of the city of Quito and west of the city of Cayambe.

</doc>
<doc id="21513144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513144" title="Albondin">
Albondin

In medicine and pharmacology, albondin is a cell receptor that binds albumin.

</doc>
<doc id="21513146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513146" title="Lakeland Classic">
Lakeland Classic

The Lakeland Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1997 to 2000. It was played at the Grasslands Golf & Country Club in Lakeland, Florida.
The purse in 2000 was US$400,000, with $72,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
BUY.COM Lakeland Classic
NIKE Lakeland Classic

</doc>
<doc id="21513149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513149" title="Elżbieta Barszczewska">
Elżbieta Barszczewska

Elżbieta Maria Barszczewska-Wyrzykowska (November 29, 1913 – October 14, 1987) was a Polish stage and film actress. 
After graduating Państwowy Instytut Sztuki Teatralnej, she debuted in Polish Theatre in Warsaw in 1934. She also starred in several movie roles, including 13 major ones. In occupied Poland, she took part in the activities of the underground theater. After the war she resumed work with the Polish Theater and the National Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="21513164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513164" title="Dell Inspiron 1525">
Dell Inspiron 1525

The Inspiron 1525 is a Laptop designed and distributed by Dell as part of their Inspiron range. There is also an AMD variant known as the Inspiron 1526. The laptop is the successor to the Inspiron 1520, and was released in January, 2008. This computer was available to purchase on the Dell website, where it could be customised to the user's specification. 
On June 26, 2008, this laptop was followed with the release of the Inspiron 1535, otherwise known as the Dell Studio Laptop. On January 6, 2009, the Inspiron 1525 was superseded by the Inspiron 1545, which gives mostly higher-end configuration options at a lower starting price, but lacks features such as the HDMI port, LED indicator lights and dual headphone jacks. The laptop was discontinued on February 26, 2009, leaving the Inspiron 1545 as Dell's 15-inch budget laptop.
Overview.
After selling in high numbers, the Dell Inspiron 1520 received widespread praise regarding its size, and small screen. The Inspiron 1525 was intended to address some of these issues. The 1525 has been described by reviewers as weighing approximately six pounds - half a pound lighter than the 1520. This laptop can be considered as a mid-range Dell computer, between the small 1420 model and the expensive XPS M1530 model. The laptop also fixed a flaw that plagued Inspiron laptops for a decade; they were bulky and boxy, but the Inspiron 1525's chassis used a new edge design that appears on all of Dell's current laptops.
System specifications.
Since the user is able to customise the unit, included hardware varies from laptop to laptop. However, there are several components which are generally fitted as standard in each unit:
The most notable difference between this laptop and its predecessor, is that the 1520 model was fitted with a dedicated graphics card whereas the 1525 is not. It has been speculated that this is an attempt by Dell to appeal to a wider market of computer consumers. In a recent processor speed test, the Inspiron 1525 placed 14 out of the 18 tested computers. The touchpad has been upgraded from that of the 1520, with one which is designed to allow faster scrolling through web pages. Strangely this model contains a SIM card slot underneath the battery compartment. However reading data, or using Internet from SIM cards is not possible without a separate Wireless modemcard.
Software.
The Inspiron 1525 typically comes with a version of the Windows Vista, Windows XP, or Windows 7 or Ubuntu Operating System pre-installed. 
Both 32-bit and 64-bit can work.
Ubuntu 12.04 and Linux Debian Wheezy are known to be working out-of-the-box on this model.
Upgrade.
The Inspiron 1525 usually can be upgraded to Windows 8
Other Software.
Other software provided with the laptop includes:
On February 18, 2008, it was announced that Ubuntu 7.10 would be available as an optional operating system for the laptop.
Customization.
The user is able to decide which components they wish to be included, during the ordering process, by selecting from a range of hardware on the website. These possible components include a range of processors, operating systems, graphics cards, a webcam and various other peripherals. In addition, Bluetooth and an integrated mobile broadband card can also be installed upon request, and the default battery can be replaced with an alternative.
Reception.
The Inspiron 1525 has received a great deal of positive attention. General computer users welcomed the relatively low price, as well as the easily accessible volume control keys, and hardware reviewers have praised the customisability of the laptop, as well as its system specifications and light frame. 
In general, users have made positive reference to the screen, with some describing the display as "flawless", as well as the inclusion of a webcam and dual headphone jacks. Some reviewers claim that the battery life is a good point of the system.
Despite being a high-selling model, and receiving a large amount of positive feedback, the Inspiron 1525 has also attracted some level of criticism. Some critics feel that the sound quality is unfit for a recently produced laptop, claiming ""raspy-sounding speakers take some of the shine off the 1525's entertainment appeal"", whereas others have criticised the system's performance and battery life. The wireless switch is located on the right side of the bottom half, close to the front and is easily overlooked. Prominent placement near the volume and media controls would be much easier for users to find. The positioning of the cooling fans render the laptop incapable of supporting high-end graphics cards. 
Some users have encountered technical problems, many of which center around the webcam and built-in microphone. A common complaint is that the supplied fan is irritatingly loud, and many users have tried to rectify it on their own. The placement of the headphone jacks on the front of the unit leads to inconvenient trailing wires when external speakers are connected. A trackpad design flaw causes the button to stick, requiring the replacement of the entire palmrest assembly. Users have also reported numerous hard drive problems, many related to overheating.
Furthermore, many users have encountered a problem with their CMOS battery not functioning (caused by a faulty motherboard), leading to computer clock problems, and eventually the inability of the computer to charge. Unfortunately, Dell refuses to acknowledge this design flaw, further frustrating users.
It should be noted, however, that due to the customisability of the laptop, most reviews available online refer to different versions of the 1525, containing varying pieces of hardware.

</doc>
<doc id="21513165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513165" title="Uigwe">
Uigwe

Uigwe () is the generic name given to a vast collection of approximately 3,895 books recording in detail the royal rituals and ceremonies of Joseon Dynasty of Korea. There is no generally agreed English translation; some scholars suggest "book of state rites", while the "Glossary of Korean Studies" from the Korea Foundation suggests "manual of the state event" or "rubrica for a state ceremony." The expression "Royal Protocols" (of the Joseon Dynasty) is widely used.
The collection of Uigwe, was inscripted in UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme in 2007.
Content.
Combining text and detailed illustrations, each Uigwe preserves the records of the Superintendency ("dogam"), set up temporarily to plan and carry out special state rites. These rites included investitures, coronations, weddings, banquets, the painting of royal portraits, funerals and ancestral rites. Each Uigwe, some in several volumes with several copies, was written either by hand or sometimes using wood blocks for the History Archive copies. Most of the Uigwe, had one exclusive edition for the king, distinguished by silk covers, high quality paper, binding, superior handwriting and overall presentation, was intended to serve as the royal viewing copy. The silk covers used exclusively for the king were made of quality silk, had superior patterns often of clouds, and usually had red decorations around its borderline. Four to nine other copied version for scholars were kept for each of the four state archives, which for most of the Joseon period were located on Mount Jeongjoksan on Ganghwa-do Island; Mount Jeoksang in Muju-gun County, Jeollabuk-do Province; Mount Odaesan in Gangwon-do Province and Mount Taebaeksan in Yeongwol-gun County. The Uigwe for funerals and weddings includes large and detailed images of processions, often involving thousands of participants.
Looting and repatriation.
1866: French troops.
In 1782, the Outer Gyujanggak library (known as Oe-Gyujang-gak) was built in the ancient royal palace on Ganghwa-do Island to accommodate an overflow of books from the main Gyujanggak library at Changdeokgung Palace in Seoul, where the royal viewing copies were kept, and most of the viewing copies were transferred there. In 1866, after the execution of a number of French Catholic missionaries in Korea, a French expeditionary force came from China to seek explanations, resulting in the French campaign against Korea. Unable to gain access to the authorities, the troops attacked Ganghwa-do Island and seized the royal books, along with a vast amount of silverware and other royal artifacts. The books were kept at the Bibliothèque nationale de France in Paris soon after their arrival in France. They were largely forgotten until Korean scholar, Park Byeong-sen, discovered them in 1975, whilst working there as a librarian.
Following the discovery, the return was officially requested in 1992. In 1993, then-French President François Mitterrand returned one copy during a visit to Seoul to sell its high-speed TGV train technology; with the promised to return the remaining collection. The Korean Government tried to retrieve the royal documents through a permanent lease, since French law prohibits national assets to be transferred abroad. In 2010, a Seoul-based civic group spearhead the return but the request to exclude illegally-obtained property from its list of national assets was rejected by a Paris court.
After a series of long disputes and negotiations, an agreement was made by President Lee Myung-bak and President Nicolas Sarkozy at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit to return the documents on a five-year renewable loan basis. From April to June 2011, 297 volumes with 191 different Uigwes, were shipped back in four separate installments.
1922: Japanese Occupation Period.
In 1922, during the Korea under Japanese rule, many volumes of books including 167 of Uigwe, along with some 1,000 other relics, stored at the royal Gyujanggak library at Changdeokgung Palace and history archive in the Buddhist temple at Mount Odaesan were transferred to the University of Tokyo. They were stored at the University of Tokyo. Hence were not included in the list of artifacts to be returned compiled in 1965, when the two countries signed a treaty which normalized diplomatic ties.
In November 2008, Seoul City Council passed a resolution urging Japan to return the uigwe. The looted collection is believed to have included Empress Myeongseong's state funeral protocol, that lasted for about two years following her murder by Japanese assassins in Gyeongbokgung Palace in 1895.
In August 2010, then-Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan announced the return of the Uigwe to mark the centenary of Japanese annexation of Korea. Then in October 2011, Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda returned five copies during his visit to Seoul in a bid to improve relations. The copies chronicled the royal rituals of King Gojong and King Sunjong, the last two emperors of Joseon Dynasty and Korean Empire before Korea was annexed in 1910. This was followed, after a 16-month process, by the return of 1,200 volumes including 150 Uigwe in December 2011.
Collection and exhibition.
The Uigwe that remained in Korea were preserved and housed in the Gyujanggak library at Seoul National University, and as part of the Jangseogak collection at Academy of Korean Studies. Gyujanggak library has the largest collection, with 2,940 volumes with 546 different Uigwe; while the latter has 490 volumes with 287 different Uigwe.
National Museum of Korea.
The 297 copies of the Uigwes that were returned from France, are housed at the National Museum of Korea, where a special exhibition, "The Return of the Oegyujanggak Uigwe from France: Records of the State Rites of the Joseon Dynasty", was held from 19 July to 18 September 2011.
In June 2011, ahead of the exhibition, the Museum showcased five of the copies to the media. They were 
selected for their historical significance and to demonstrate the wide range of activities recorded in different kinds of Uigwe. They were:
The Uigwe for a Royal Feast is the oldest copy that was looted by the French. It recorded the royal feast held by King Injo of Joseon in March 1630, wishing for longevity and good health for Queen Dowager Inmok. It is also one of the few "copied" versions as most of them are reportedly original editions that were exclusively printed for the king. The museum stated that three of the five shown do not have any surviving copied versions. Also a couple of silk covers of other volumes were displayed separately as Bibliothèque nationale de France removed 286 of them for restoration in the 1970s. Which were returned along with the 297 volumes.
National Palace Museum of Korea.
The copies that were returned by Japan are housed at the National Palace Museum of Korea with a special exhibition from 27 December 2011 to 5 February 2012.
Media.
To mark the return of the stolen Uigwe on 2011 by French Government, a special episode of Running Man (Episode 48) was aired. In this episode, the Running Man members have to find 'the sleeping Uigwe' that was stored in the underground section. Song Ji Hyo won this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="21513166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513166" title="Donga Kollu">
Donga Kollu

Donga Kollu () is a 1988 Telugu comedy film starring Rajendra Prasad, Sumalatha. It was directed by Vijaya Baapineedu. The movie is a remake of Malayalam movie "Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam" (1986), and was remade in Hindi as "Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar".
Plot.
Allipilli Anjaneyulu (Rajendra Prasad) wants to sell off his house and clear up the debts. He asks the tenants Neeraja (Sumalatha) along with her mother Tulsamma (Shubha), sister and brother to vacate the house, but they refuse to do so. To get back his house, he does everything from seeking legal advice from Lankela Shankara Rao (Ravi Kondalarao), filing police reports etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21513168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513168" title="Teenage Jesus">
Teenage Jesus

Teenage Jesus is the debut diy release from One Member Synth-Punk Band The Emotron.
History.
Teenage Jesus is the first album released by The Emotron. It was recorded in 2005 and released in 2006, and was the only The Emotron album to be released on Death By Karaoke. Album came about when The Emotron played with Chicago Synth-Pop Act The Mystechs, Singer/Label Owner Emil Hyde asked The Emotron if they would like to record and put out a DIY release on his label Death By Karaoke Records. In November 2005 The Emotron began recording Teenage Jesus in a home studio in North Georgia. The Album came out on The Mystechs and The Emotron tour in Mid 2006. Only 200 Copies of Teenage Jesus Were Made.

</doc>
<doc id="21513188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513188" title="Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss Buildings">
Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss Buildings

Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss Buildings, also known as Inner Harbor Lofts I, is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a complex of three structures. The Heiser Building is a Romanesque Revival style, six-story brick, stone, and iron structure, eight bays wide and 14 bays deep, built as a show factory in 1886. The Rosenfeld Building is a six-story, five-bay loft building, with Beaux Arts styling and built for E. Rosenfeld and Company in 1905. The Strauss Building is a six-story high, six-bay wide, and 11-bay deep loft structure built in 1887 for the Kinny Tobacco Company, cigarette manufacturers, and later occupied by the Strauss Brothers, clothing manufacturers and became part of the Rosenfeld complex around 1910.
Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss Buildings was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21513207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513207" title="2007 NPSL Season">
2007 NPSL Season

The 2007 National Premier Soccer League season was the 5th season of the NPSL. The season started in May 2007, and ended with the NPSL Championship Game in August 2007.
Southern California Fusion finished the season as national champions, beating Queen City FC 1-0 in the NPSL Championship game in San Diego, CA.
Final standings.
"Purple indicates division title clinched"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21513220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513220" title="Nino Katamadze">
Nino Katamadze

Nino Katamadze () is a Georgian jazz singer and artist.
Biography.
Nino Katamadze was born in Kobuleti, Adjara, Soviet Georgia in 1972. In 1990, she entered the vocal department of the Batumi Music Institute ZP Paliashvili. After finishing the Institute was in various groups and participated in a variety of musical projects. In 2002, Katamadze had her first international tour in different countries across Europe. She had a huge success in the USA as well, when she visited America in late 2005.
In 2006, her album "White" became very successful and was released in Georgia, Russia, Finland, Sweden, Ukraine, France, Germany, Italy and the UK. The sales exceeded 700,000 copies. In January 2010, she played a part in an improvised opera "Bobble" with a wordless libretto written by Bobby McFerrin and staged in Russia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21513265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513265" title="Ronnie Valentine">
Ronnie Valentine

Ronnie L. Valentine (born November 27, 1957) is an American former professional basketball player.
College.
A 6'7" forward, Valentine attended Old Dominion University from 1976 to 1980. He set a school record with 2,204 points in his college career and scored ten points or more in 101 consecutive games. His career high for the Old Dominion Monarchs was 44 points in a game against Tulane University during his sophomore year. As a senior in 1980, he led Old Dominion to their first appearance in the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, where the team fell to UCLA.
Professional career.
After college, Valentine was selected by the Denver Nuggets with the 51st pick of the 1980 NBA Draft. He played 24 games for the Nuggets during the 1980–81 NBA season, scoring 84 points. Valentine later played in the Continental Basketball Association, the United States Basketball League, and in Italy. In 1982, he earned the CBA's MVP Award after averaging 32 points per game for the Montana Golden Nuggets. He also led the West team with 25 points in the 1982 CBA All-Star Game.
Awards.
Valentine was inducted into Old Dominion University's Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21513286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513286" title="List of Kent County Cricket Club first-class captains">
List of Kent County Cricket Club first-class captains

This is a list of the men who have captained Kent County Cricket Club in at least one first-class fixture since the inception of the County Championship. Kent County Cricket Club were one of the eight counties to compete in the inaugraul Championship of 1890, and have played every Championship season since.
The county won their first title in 1906, under the captaincy of Cloudesley Marsham, and have won the title on a further six occasions. Of those named official captain, Ted Dillon has the best win ratio, leading the side to 67 wins in 104 matches. Colin Cowdrey holds the record for most games captained, and most wins as captain.
Captains.
"Statistics include all County Championship matches, as well as matches against the first-class universities, touring national sides and Marylebone Cricket Club."
"Players shaded in blue were at some point named official club captain. Those not shaded acted as captain when the official captain was unavailable."
"Statistics correct to the end of the 2009 English cricket season."

</doc>
<doc id="21513293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513293" title="Dan Roche">
Dan Roche

Dan Roche is a sports anchor and reporter for WBZ-TV and WSBK-TV in Boston.
Career.
Roche joined WBZ-TV in October 2000 as a weekend sports anchor and reporter. Since 2003, he has hosted "Red Sox This Week" on sister station WSBK. Roche also served as WSBK's field reporter during Red Sox games from 2003-2005. Roche also serves as a reporter on Patriots Game Day and Patriots 5th Quarter. He has been nominated twice for an Emmy Award for Best Sports Reporter in New England.
From 1994-2000, before joining WBZ-TV, Roche worked at WBZ Radio. Here he was a midday sports anchor, Boston Bruins studio host, and co-hosted talk shows with Steve DeOssie and Barry Pederson.
Roche's early career included stints at WCCM, WCGY, WHDH, and WRKO.
Dan Roche was also a color commentator with Bob Fouracre on a Worcester bowling show in the early 80's.
Beginning in 2013, he will do New England Patriots preseason games as a play-by-play announcer.
Personal life.
Roche is a graduate of Syracuse University and North Andover High School. He was born in Methuen, Massachusetts. He now lives in Andover, Massachusetts with his wife and youngest child.

</doc>
