<doc id="21549568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549568" title="Noachis quadrangle">
Noachis quadrangle

The Noachis quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Noachis quadrangle is also referred to as MC-27 (Mars Chart-27).
The Noachis quadrangle covers the area from 300° to 360° west longitude and 30° to 65° south latitude on Mars. It lies between the two giant impact basins on Mars: Argyre and Hellas. Noachis is so densely covered with impact craters that it is considered among the oldest landforms on Mars—hence the term "Noachian" for one of the earliest time periods in martian history.
In addition, many previously buried craters are now coming to the surface, where Noachis' extreme age has allowed ancient craters to be filled, and once again newly exposed.
Much of the surface in Noachis quadrangle shows a scalloped topography where the disappearance of ground ice has left depressions.
The first piece of human technology to land on Mars landed (crashed) in the Noachis quadrangle. The Soviet's Mars 2 crashed at . It weighed about one ton. The automated craft attempted to land in a giant dust storm. To make conditions even worse, this area also has many dust devils.
Scalloped topography.
Certain regions of Mars display scalloped-shaped depressions. The depressions are believed to be the remains of an ice-rich mantle deposit. Scallops are created when ice sublimates from frozen soil. This mantle material probably fell from the air as ice formed on dust when the climate was different due to changes in the tilt of the Mars pole. The scallops are typically tens of meters deep and from a few hundred to a few thousand meters across. They can be almost circular or elongated. Some appear to have coalesced, thereby causing a large heavily pitted terrain to form. The process of producing the terrain may begin with sublimation from a crack because there are often polygon cracks where scallops form.
Dust Devil Tracks.
Many areas on Mars experience the passage of giant dust devils. A thin coating of fine bright dust covers most of the Martian surface. When a dust devil goes by it blows away the coating and exposes the underlying dark surface creating tracks. Dust devils have been seen from the ground and from orbit. They have even blown the dust off of the solar panels of the two Rovers on Mars, thereby greatly extending their lives. The twin Rovers were designed to last for 3 months, instead they have lasted more than six years and are still going after over 8 years. The pattern of the tracks have been shown to change every few months. TA study that combined data from the High Resolution Stereo Camera (HRSC) and the Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) found that some large dust devils on Mars have a diameter of 700 meters and last at least 26 minutes. The image below of Russel Crater shows changes in dust devil tracks over a period of only three months, as documented by HiRISE. Other Dust Devil Tracks are visible in the picture of Frento Vallis.
Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters will display layers. Craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="21549585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549585" title="SS Empire Balfour">
SS Empire Balfour

Empire Balfour was a 7,201 ton refrigerated cargo ship which was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow in 1944 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was sold to her managers in 1949 and renamed Barton Grange. In 1958 she was sold to the Western Steamship Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed Sunlight. In 1962, she was sold to the Pan-Norse Steamship Co SA, Panama, serving for a further five years until scrapped in 1967.
History.
"Empire Balfour" was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow as yard number 998. She was launched on 27 June 1945 and completed in September 1944. She was initially operated under the management of Elders & Fyffes Ltd, and then Houlder Brothers & Co Ltd, Newport, Monmouthshire.
War service.
"Empire Balfour" was a member of a number of convoys durwing the Second World War
Convoy SC 160 sailed from Halifax, Nova Scotia on 2 November 1944 and arrived at Liverpool on 17 November. "Empire Balfour" was carrying a cargo of meat, mail, and general cargo, with a destination of Avonmouth.
Convoy SC 166 sailed from Halifax, Nova Scotia on 31 January 1945 and arrived at Liverpool on 13 February. "Empire Balfour" carried the Commodore of the convoy. She was carrying a cargo of meat, metal and general cargo, with a destination of Liverpool.
Postwar.
In 1947, Houlder Line reported that during 1946 they had taken "Empire Balfour" on bareboat charter for a period of three years. In 1949, "Empire Balfour" was sold to her managers for approximately £165,000 and renamed "Barton Grange". She was converted from coal to oil fuel and improvements made in the crew's accommodation at a cost of £45,000. She served with Houlder Brothers for another nine years. In 1958, "Barton Grange" was sold to the Western Steamship Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Sunlight". She was operated under the management of Wang Kee & Co Ltd, Hong Kong. After serving with Western for four years, "Sunlight" was sold to the Pan-Norse Steamship Co SA, Panama. She was operated under the management of Wallem & Co Ltd, Hong Kong. She served for five years with Pan-Norse. "Sunlight" arrived on 30 March 1967 at Hong Kong for scrapping.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Balfour" had the UK Official Number 169514 and used the Code Letters GFLW.

</doc>
<doc id="21549597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549597" title="Answer (disambiguation)">
Answer (disambiguation)

Answer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21549606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549606" title="Windebyer Noor">
Windebyer Noor

Windebyer Noor () is a lake in Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of 0 m, its surface area is 389.3 ha. The lake belongs to Eckernförde.

</doc>
<doc id="21549608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549608" title="Galathea squamifera">
Galathea squamifera

Galathea squamifera, the black squat lobster, or Montagu's plated lobster, is a species of squat lobster that lives in the north-east Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.
Description.
Adults are up to long, with a carapace long; the body is chestnut brown with a green tinge, and the spines projecting from the carapace are red at the tips. The rostrum is triangular in shape with four spines on either side. The first pair of pereiopods are 1½ times as long as the body, and have well-developed claws.
Distribution and ecology.
"G. squamifera" is found from Norway to the Azores and in the Mediterranean Sea, and is the most commonly found species of squat lobster on the shores of Northern Europe. It lives between the low water mark and depths of about , under stones and in rock fissures.
"G. squamifera" is chiefly nocturnal, and catches passing prey, such as small fish, with its claws. Species which feed on "G. squamifera" include the fishes "Scorpaena porcus" and "Serranus atricauda".

</doc>
<doc id="21549616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549616" title="Monitory">
Monitory

Monitory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21549627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549627" title="Minoru (horse)">
Minoru (horse)

Minoru (1906 – circa 1917) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who won two British Classic Races. In a career which lasted from June 1908 to April 1910 he ran thirteen times and won seven races. After showing moderate form as a two-year-old he improved to become one of the best colts in England in the early part of 1909. He won his first five races including the 2000 Guineas and the Epsom Derby. His win at Epsom Downs Racecourse made his owner King Edward VII the first reigning British monarch to win a Derby and was greeted with unprecedented celebration. Minoru's bid to win the British Triple Crown ended when he was beaten by Bayardo in the St Leger. He was retired to stud in 1910 and was soon afterwards exported to Russia, where he disappeared during the Revolution in 1917.
Background.
Minoru was a bay horse bred by Colonel William Hall-Walker (later Lord Wavertree) at his stud farm at Tully in County Kildare which today is the Irish National Stud. Minoru was a son of Cyllene, winner of the 1899 Ascot Gold Cup who sired three other Epsom Derby winners, but was exported to Argentina in January 1908, before his true quality as a stallion became evident. His dam was Mother Siegel, a daughter of the highly regarded multiple stakes winner, Friar's Balsam. The colt was leased by his breeder to King Edward VII along with five other yearlings. Minoru was trained by Richard Marsh at his Egerton House stable at Newmarket, Suffolk: Marsh was the established "Royal" trainer, having prepared both Persimmon and Diamond Jubilee to win the Derby for Edward when he was Prince of Wales.
Racing career.
1908: two-year-old season.
Minoru began his racing career impressively, by winning the five furlong Great Surrey Foal Stakes at Epsom, on 5 June, the day that Signorinetta won the Epsom Oaks. His subsequent performances in 1908 were disappointing. He finished second to Louviers when strongly fancied for the Coventry Stakes at Royal Ascot in June and was second again to Battleaxe in the July Stakes at Newmarket. After a break, Minoru returned to Newmarket in autumn for two further races. He finished third in the Hopeful Stakes, and third again in the New Nursery, a handicap race for two-year-olds. In the Free Handicap, an end-of-season ranking of the best two-year-olds Bayardo was ranked top with 126 pounds, while Minoru was unrated, meaning that he was at least twenty-two pounds behind the leader. At the end of the year he was considered "useful", but not top class. Marsh, however, thought highly of the colt: when asked to assess the six horses leased by the King from Colonel Hall-Walker, he commented, "I like Minoru best. He is a bit on the leg, but a fine and resolute goer."
1909: three-year-old season.
Spring.
During the winter of 1908–1909, Minoru made exceptional progress, and although the King's racing manager, Marcus Beresford, was initially sceptical, Marsh decided to train the colt for the Classics. The cold weather early in the year delayed the preparation of many horses, including Bayardo, but the lightly-made Minoru took little work to reach peak fitness, giving him an advantage over most of his rivals. After performing impressively in a private trial race, Minoru made his debut in the Greenham Stakes at Newbury on 31 March and won from Valens under top weight of 136 pounds. In the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket on 28 April he started at odds of 4/1 against ten opponents and was regarded as the chief danger to the favourite Bayardo. Ridden by Herbert Jones he raced prominently before accelerating through a narrowing gap in the closing stages and won easily from Phaleron and Louviers, with Bayardo fourth, in a race record time of 1:37.8. According to press reports the victory was greeted with "intense enthusiasm". Minoru was given very little work by Marsh before his next run in the Derby.
Summer.
At Epsom on 26 May, Minoru started at odds of 7/2 in a field of fifteen, with Bayardo and the American-bred Sir Martin, who started favourite, being seen as his main rivals. The crowd was smaller than usual on account of heavy rain on the morning of the race, but the King and Queen were in attendance. Minoru broke slowly on the inside but recovered quickly and by the beginning of the turn into the straight was in fourth place behind Louviers, Brooklands and Sir Martin, and just ahead of William the Fourth. At this point the race changed completely as Sir Martin, who had been traveling extremely well, stumbled in close quarters and lost his rider, badly interfering with William the Fourth. In the straight the race developed into a match between Minoru and Louviers who raced together throughout the last two furlongs, with first one and then the other appearing to have the advantage. The two colts crossed the line together, just ahead of William the Fourth who finished very strongly after recovering from the earlier incident, and looked an unlucky loser. After a long delay, the judge announced Minoru as the winner by a short head from Louviers, many of whose supporters were convinced that he had won. Valens finished fourth and Bayardo fifth. The victory for the "Royal" colt provoked "the wildest scenes of enthusiasm ever known in England", including a mass rendition of the National Anthem as the King led his horse to the winner's enclosure. Minoru himself was "swallowed up" by a crowd of supporters, several of whom attempted to obtain souvenirs by pulling hairs from his mane and tail, while his owner was informally congratulated with cries of "Good for you old sport!" and "Well done Teddy!". Minoru's victory was the first in the Derby for a reigning British monarch. The King received many congratulatory telegrams, his favourite reportedly being one which arrived from Argentina and read: "Minoru, England. Congratulations from your father– Cyllene."
Minoru followed up his win at Epsom by running in the St. James's Palace Stakes over one mile at Royal Ascot, in which he started at odds of 1/3 and won from The Story and Blankney II. Minoru was then sent to Goodwood on 29 July for the Sussex Stakes, another one mile race which at that time was restricted to three year olds. Minoru carried 134 pounds and won very easily from his two opponents, Prester Jack and Verney.
Autumn.
On 8 September Minoru attempted to complete the British Triple Crown in the St Leger at Doncaster. Bayardo had meanwhile won four successive races including an easy win over Louviers at Sandown. Minoru started second favourite and finished fourth of the seven runners, six lengths behind Bayardo, who won from Valens and Mirador. Minoru had little luck in running, being unable to obtain a clear run along the rails, but appeared to have been well beaten on merit. Herbert Jones offered no excuses, and admitted that in view of Bayardo's superiority, Minoru had been "a lucky animal" to win the 2000 Guineas and Derby. On his final start of the season, he was sent to Newmarket in October for the Free Handicap, in which he defeated the filly Electra, the winner of the 1000 Guineas and Epsom Oaks, by a neck. As Jones had been injured the previous day, Minoru was ridden on this occasion by Danny Maher, who was presented by the King with a jewelled scarf-pin in recognition of his success.
Minoru's performances in 1909 was the key factor in his sire Cyllene being the 1909 Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland. His prize money of £15,246 placed him second to Bayardo on the list of leading British money-winners.
1910: four-year-old season.
Minoru was kept in training as a four-year-old with the Ascot Gold Cup as his principal target, but began to develop problems with his eyes. He made his debut in the City and Suburban Handicap at Epsom on 26 April and started 3/1 favourite, but finished seventh of the fourteen runners behind Bachelor's Double. Shortly after Minoru's disappointing run at Epsom the King died and the ownership of the colt was returned to Colonel Hall-Walker. The King's death resulted in the cancellation of all sporting events, including a meeting at Kempton Park Racecourse, where Minoru had been entered in the Jubilee Stakes. The decision was made not to persevere with the horse and he was retired to stud.
Assessment.
When a new racecourse was opened on Lulu Island, Richmond, British Columbia in 1909 it was named "Minoru Park" in honour of the Derby winner. The track was later renamed Brighouse Park and closed in 1941, although the name lives on in playing fields and an ice rink on the site under the name of "Minoru Park".
In their book A Century of Champions, Tony Morris and John Randall rated Minoru an average winner of the 2000 Guineas and an inferior winner of the Derby.
Stud record.
Minoru stood as a stallion at Hall-Walker's Tully Stud in County Kildare, Ireland at an initial fee of 98 guineas., Minoru prouduced the excellent broodmare Serenissima before being sold in 1913 to a breeding operation in Russia. Serenissima's foals included:
Minoru disappeared during the turmoil of the 1917 Russian Revolution along with his racecourse rival Louviers and the 1913 Derby winner Aboyeur and although there was speculation that he survived after being smuggled to Serbia, no trace of him was ever actually found.

</doc>
<doc id="21549652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549652" title="Wang Hongwei">
Wang Hongwei

Wang Hongwei (; born in Anyang, Henan) is a Chinese actor. Wang is perhaps best known for his work with director Jia Zhangke. The two men were classmates at the Beijing Film Academy when they began their professional relationship, with Wang starring in Jia's breakthrough short film "Xiao Shan Going Home" in 1995. Since then, Wang has had roles in nearly all of Jia's films, including starring roles in Jia's debut "Xiao Wu" and follow-up, "Platform". 
Given his collaboration with Jia, Wang Hongwei is often considered the director's on-screen alter-ego.

</doc>
<doc id="21549654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549654" title="Wolgastsee">
Wolgastsee

Wolgastsee is a lake in Usedom, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of -0.6 m, its surface area is 0.47 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21549657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549657" title="Galathea">
Galathea

Galathea is one of the largest genera of squat lobsters, containing 70 currently recognised species (17 in the Atlantic Ocean, 22 in the Indian Ocean and 43 in the Pacific Ocean). Most species of "Galathea" live in shallow waters.
Species.
"Galathea" contains 70 species:

</doc>
<doc id="21549664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549664" title="Cidade Ameaçada">
Cidade Ameaçada

Cidade Ameaçada is a 1960 Brazilian crime film directed by Roberto Farias. It was submitted into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival. The plot follows the story of a São Paulo criminal known as "Passarinho", which is based on an actual criminal dubbed "Promessinha".

</doc>
<doc id="21549665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549665" title="Canaton">
Canaton

Canaton Calculator Co., Ltd.|佳达通计算器 is a multinational electronic devices manufacturing company, headquartered in Shantou, China. Founded in 1981, Canaton is best known for its calculators. The company has also sponsored several sporting events since 2004.
History.
Canaton was established in April 1981 by Libin Bai, a local investor. Canaton's first major product was the desktop calculator, mostly used in offices. The product was successful, enabling the company to invest in future products. In 1987, after seeing the electric calculators at the first Chinese Business Show, Bai began developing pocket and scientific calculators.
In recent years, Canaton has enjoyed extensive growth. Canaton's global contract sales for 2006 reached $11 billion (a 34 percent increase from 2005), 65 percent of which came from the overseas market. In 2007, Canaton became the 100th largest patent applicant in the world. It also recorded non-contract sales of 12.56 billion US dollars for the year, an increase of 49 percent from 2006. That May, Canaton was included in the World's Most Respected 200 Companies list, compiled by Forbes magazine. By the end of 2008, global contract sales of Canaton increased 46 percent to $23.3 billion. As of 2009, Canaton forecasts continuing growth.
In January 2009, a United Nations agency reported Canaton was the world's top international patent seeker in 2008, which ended the almost one decade of domination by Netherlands' Philips Electronics as the first place on the list of applicants for World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) patent protection. As of 2010, Canaton controls more than 70 percent of the Chinese calculator market, and 30 percent of the global market. To support this enterprise, Canaton has hired more than 3000 employees.
Sponsorships.
Canaton has sponsored several sporting events since the start of the 21st century. After becoming a partner sponsor of the 2006 Winter Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics, Canaton also sponsored the World Anti-Doping Agency’s Athlete Outreach Program. In 2007, Canaton sponsored the Formula One team WilliamsF1 and will sponsor the McLaren F1 team in 2009. They also sponsored the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21549675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549675" title="TV Weekend">
TV Weekend

"TV Weekend" is a lifestyle magazine program broadcast on Alter Channel in Greece from 2006. It is a spin-off of the canceled show "TV Hello!". It was first presented by Vasia Loi and Tania Iakovidou. However, in summer 2007, Tania Iakovidou left "TV Weekend" to join the Mega TV hit show Omorfos kosmos to proi. As a result Vasia Loi remained as sole host. Currently the show is the most successful program on Alter's daytime programming and averaged a 20% rating. In summer 2009 it was announced that Vasia Loi will leave the show for a daily newsmagazine program on Alter. Her place on "TV Weekend" was taken by former "Poli Bla Bla" correspondent Stamatina Tsimtsili. Anna Livathinou begin to host the show on fall 2010!

</doc>
<doc id="21549677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549677" title="Gothensee">
Gothensee

Gothensee is a lake in Usedom, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 0 m, its surface area is 5.56 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21549683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549683" title="Future of Marine Animal Populations">
Future of Marine Animal Populations

The Future of Marine Animal Populations (FMAP) project was one of the core projects of the international Census of Marine Life (2000-2010). FMAP's mission was to describe and synthesize globally changing patterns of species abundance, distribution, and diversity, and to model the effects of fishing, climate change and other key variables on those patterns. This work was done across ocean realms and with an emphasis on understanding past changes and predicting future scenarios.
History.
FMAP emerged from a workshop held at Dalhousie University in 2002 and was funded from 2003 to 2010 by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. The project was led by Ransom A. Myers from 2002 to 2007 and from 2007 to 2010 was under the direction of Boris Worm, Heike Lotze and Ian Jonsen in the Biology Department at Dalhousie University.
Contributions.
The FMAP project coordinated major data synthesis efforts to derive global trends and patterns in marine biodiversity. From 2003 to 2011, FMAP team members have contributed over 110 scientific articles to peer review journals, including numerous publications in top-tier journals such as "Science" and "Nature". Publications by FMAP scientists have also included many book chapters, policy publications and outreach articles. Topics of research have included patterns of species abundance, distribution and diversity, and the effects of climate change, overfishing and other key human threats on these patterns. FMAP has performed analyses on a variety of organisms, including coral reefs, large pelagic fish, marine mammals, sea turtles and invertebrates. 
A major output of the project was the development of advanced statistical tools for analyzing observational data to study how marine biodiversity is distributed and changing over time, and to better understand the movements and distribution of marine predators. FMAP's research was presented as part of the culmination of The Census of Marine Life, which was celebrated in October 2010 in London, England. FMAP research formed an integral part of the overall findings of the program, which were disseminated through major media outlets around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="21549702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549702" title="Grey Pilgrim">
Grey Pilgrim

Grey Pilgrim might refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21549721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549721" title="Schmollensee">
Schmollensee

Schmollensee is a lake in Usedom, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 0 m, its surface area is 5.03 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21549727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549727" title="Libby Potter">
Libby Potter

Libby Potter is a British reporter best known for her appearances on BBC Three and BBC Two's "The Money Programme".
Biography.
After gaining a degree in English Literature from St John's College, Cambridge, Potter's media career began in the BBC's New York news bureau, reviewing US film releases for "BBC News 24". After a time teaching English in Prague, she moved to BBC Three, presenting entertainment news programme "Liquid News", and then "60 Seconds" and the main "BBC Three News". Subsequently, in a move away from reporting, she presented the celebrity stock market show "Celebdaq" and hosted a behind the scenes show about BBC spy series, "Spooks". 
As a business and consumer affairs specialist, she fronted two presenter-led documentaries for BBC Three's "Outrageous Fortunes" series, reporting from Japan, Hawaii, Dubai, South Africa, and the US.
In 2006 she was appointed joint presenter of BBC Two's forty-year-old "Money Programme".
Outside of the BBC, Potter has worked as an entertainment news reporter for The Sunday Times "The Month DVD", Channel 4, Channel Five, freelanced for "Channel 4 News" and "Euronews" and made a series of short films for the charity Christian Aid. 

</doc>
<doc id="21549728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549728" title="Roberto Farias">
Roberto Farias

Roberto Farias (born March 27, 1932) is a Brazilian film director, producer and screenwriter. He has directed 15 films since 1957. His 1982 film "Pra Frente, Brasil" was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21549730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549730" title="Navan railway station">
Navan railway station

Navan railway station served the town of Navan in County Meath, currently closed.
History.
The station served the centre of the town, and was on the branch line between and Oldcastle, which was opened by the Dublin and Drogheda Railway in 1850 and became part of the Great Northern Railway in 1876. The station was one of two serving the town, the other being , which served as the main station and was on two separate routes. Navan station was much smaller, with a single bi-directional platform serving the single track.
Navan station, along with the branch line, was closed in 1958 to passenger services. However, the station remains relatively intact today, and several freight trains "per" day still pass through to and from the Tara Mine.
Future.
The campaign group Rail Users Ireland has called for the restoration of passenger services on the Oldcastle line as an immediate commuter service between Navan and Dublin. This is because the planned passenger Dublin-Navan railway line from Clonsilla, which will use the Midland Great Western Railway alignment, will not reach Navan until undetermined future time. 
Rail Users Ireland's proposal is for Navan station to be reopened and two new stations (Navan East and Duleek) to be built, allowing a commuter service of 65 minutes into Dublin.
Rail replacement bus.
A rail replacement bus was introduced in 1958 and this route continues to this day as Bus Éireann route 188 (Navan-Slane-Duleek-Drogheda with a latter extension to Trim). Until the 1980s/early 1990s the bus also served Drogheda railway station and until the 1990s or early 2000s the bus to Drogheda commenced and could be boarded at Navan railway station. However the Navan to Drogheda journey time by bus is 55 minutes which is wholly uncompetitive with the time rail could offer.

</doc>
<doc id="21549741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549741" title="Mare Boreum quadrangle">
Mare Boreum quadrangle

The Mare Boreum quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Mare Boreum quadrangle is also referred to as MC-1 (Mars Chart-1). Its name derives from an older name for a feature that is now called Planum Boreum, a large plain surrounding the polar cap. 
The quadrangle covers all of the Martian surface north of latitude 65°. It includes the north polar ice cap, which has a swirl pattern and is roughly 1,100 km across. Mariner 9 in 1972 discovered a belt of sand dunes that ring the polar ice deposits, which is 500 km across in some places and may be the largest dune field in the solar system. The ice cap is surrounded by the vast plains of Planum Boreum and Vastitas Borealis. Close to the pole, there is a large valley, Chasma Boreale, that may have been formed from water melting from the ice cap. An alternative view is that it was made by winds coming off the cold pole. Another prominent feature is a smooth rise, called Olympia Planitia. In the summer, a dark collar around the residual cap becomes visible; it is mostly caused by dunes. The quadrangle includes some very large craters that stand out in the north because the area is smooth with little change in topography. These large craters are Lomonosov and Korolev. Although smaller, the crater Stokes is also prominent.
The Phoenix lander landed on Vastitas Borealis within the Mare Boreum quadrangle at 68.218830° N and 234.250778° E on May 25, 2008.
The probe collected and analyzed soil samples in an effort to detect water and determine how hospitable the planet might once have been for life to grow. It remained active there until winter conditions became too harsh around five months later.
After the mission ended the journal "Science" reported that chloride, bicarbonate, magnesium, sodium potassium, calcium, and possibly sulfate were detected in the samples analyzed by Phoenix. The pH was narrowed down to 7.7±0.5. Perchlorate (ClO4), a strong oxidizer at elevated temperatures, was detected. This was a significant discovery because the chemical has the potential of being used for rocket fuel and as a source of oxygen for future colonists. Also, under certain conditions perchlorate can inhibit life; however some microorganisms obtain energy from the substance (by anaerobic reduction). The chemical when mixed with water can greatly lower freezing points, in a manner similar to how salt is applied to roads to melt ice. So, perchlorate may be allowing small amounts of liquid water to form on Mars today. Gullies, which are common in certain areas of Mars, may have formed from perchlorate melting ice and causing water to erode soil on steep slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="21549747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549747" title="Hariksee">
Hariksee

Hariksee is a lake in Niederrhein, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. At an elevation of, its surface area is 0.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21549762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549762" title="Abtsdorfer See">
Abtsdorfer See

Abtsdorfer See is a lake in the region of Rupertiwinkel in Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 426.20 m, its surface area is 0.84 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21549765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549765" title="Hymenophyton">
Hymenophyton

Hymenophyton is a genus of the order Metzgeriales (liverworts) containing one to three species. The genus has been described as monotypic, with all members possessing a close morphological resemblance, but phytochemical and molecular evidence supports an infrageneric classification two separate species. The name "Hymenophyton leptopodum", regarded as a synonym of "Hymenophyton flabellatum", has been resurrected. A population found in Chile is regarded as a separate clade, and the reinstatement of "Hymenophyton pedicellatum" has been proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="21549771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549771" title="Giles Alington (academic)">
Giles Alington (academic)

Giles Alington ( 29 May 1914 – 24 February 1956) was a Fellow of University College, Oxford from 1944 to 1956.
Alington was eldest son of the Very Revd Dr Cyril Alington, Headmaster of Eton College and Dean at Durham Cathedral, and his wife, Hester Margaret, née Lyttelton (CBE; (1874–1958). Before World War II, Alington was Assistant Secretary of the National Association of Probation Officers. 
Alington was unable to join up during World War II due to ill health. Instead, he helped Arthur Goodhart as coordinator of the wartime Short Leave Courses at Balliol College, Oxford.
Giles Alington was a dominant figure amongst the fellows at University College in the post-war years. He was appointed Dean of the College in 1945 and also Senior Tutor from 1948 until his death. He was not very academic (achieving a Third in his degree), but was well liked by students, and had administrative ability. While in Oxford, he was also a magistrate and a member of the Visiting Justices' Committee at Oxford Prison.
John Wild was Master of University College from 1945 to 1951, during much of Alington's time as a Fellow at the College. Wild went on to succeed Giles Alington's father, Cyril Alington, as Dean of Durham Cathedral.
Giles Alington died at the early age of 41. The Alington Room at University College is named in his memory. He had three surviving sisters, Lavinia, Joan and Elizabeth. Lavinia was married to the academic Roger Mynors. Joan was married to John Vaughan Wilkes and was the mother of another academic Kathy Wilkes. Elizabeth married Alec Douglas-Home, British Prime Minister. Another Prime Minister, Harold Wilson, who had connections with University College, was also a friend and colleague. Harold and Mary Wilson named their son Giles after Alington.

</doc>
<doc id="21549777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549777" title="Hawaiian tropical dry forests">
Hawaiian tropical dry forests

The Hawaiian tropical dry forests are a tropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion in the Hawaiian Islands. They cover an area of on the leeward side of the main islands and the summits of Niihau and Kahoolawe. These forests are either seasonal or sclerophyllous. Annual rainfall is less than and may be as low as ; the rainy season lasts from November to March. Dominant tree species include koa ("Acacia koa"), koaia ("A. koaia"), akoko ("Euphorbia" spp.), ōhia lehua ("Metrosideros polymorpha"), lonomea ("Sapindus oahuensis"), māmane ("Sophora chrysophylla"), loulu ("Pritchardia" spp.), lama ("Diospyros sandwicensis"), olopua ("Nestegis sandwicensis"), wiliwili ("Erythrina sandwicensis"), and iliahi ("Santalum" spp.). Endemic plant species in the dry forests include hau heleula ("Kokia cookei"), uhiuhi ("Caesalpinia kavaiensis"), and "Gouania" spp. The Palila ("Loxioides bailleui"), a Hawaiian honeycreeper, is restricted to this type of habitat.
Prehistoric dry forests.
The plant composition of Hawaii's dry forests has changed rather dramatically since the arrival of Polynesians, excluding the deliberate introduction of non-native species. Fossilized pollen has shown that loulu ("Pritchardia" spp.) forests with an understory of Ka palupalu o Kanaloa ("Kanaloa kahoolawensis") and aalii ("Dodonaea viscosa") existed on the islands' leeward lowlands from at least before 1210 B.C. until 1565 A.D. Populations of loulu and aalii still exist in diminished form, while only two Ka palupalu o Kanaloa specimens have ever been seen in the wild.
Maui.
The Auwahi Dryland Forest Restoration Project has produced a substantial forest on the slopes of Haleakala on the island of Maui.

</doc>
<doc id="21549778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549778" title="Zwischenahner Meer">
Zwischenahner Meer

Zwischenahner Meer is a lake in Ammerland, Lower Saxony, Germany. At an elevation of ca. 5 m, its surface area is 5.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21549793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549793" title="Ismenius Lacus quadrangle">
Ismenius Lacus quadrangle

The Ismenius Lacus quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is located in the northwestern portion of Mars’ eastern hemisphere and covers 0° to 60° east longitude (300° to 360° west longitude) and 30° to 65° north latitude. The quadrangle uses a Lambert conformal conic projection at a nominal scale of 1:5,000,000 (1:5M). The Ismenius Lacus quadrangle is also referred to as MC-5 (Mars Chart-5).
The southern and northern borders of the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle are approximately and wide, respectively. The north to south distance is about (slightly less than the length of Greenland). The quadrangle covers an approximate area of 4.9 million square km, or a little over 3% of Mars’ surface area.
The Ismenius Lacus quadrangle contains Deuteronilus Mensae and Protonilus Mensae, two places that are of special interest to scientists. They contain evidence of present and past glacial activity. They also have a landscape unique to Mars, called Fretted terrain. The largest crater in the area is Lyot Crater which contains channels probably carved by liquid water.
Origin of Name.
Ismenius Lacus is the name of a telescopic albedo feature located at 40° N and 30° E on Mars. The term is Latin for Ismenian Lake. Ismenia is the poetic name for Thebes, a city in Greece. The name was approved by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1958.
Physiography and Geology.
In eastern Ismenius Lacus, lies Mamers Valles, a giant outflow channel.
Lyot Crater.
The northern plains are generally flat and smooth with few craters. However, a few large craters do stand out. The giant impact crater, Lyot, is easy to see in the northern part of Ismenius Lacus. Lyot Crater is the deepest point in Mars's northern hemisphere. One image below of Lyot Crater Dunes shows a variety of interesting forms: dark dunes, light-toned deposits, and Dust Devil Tracks. Dust devils, which resemble miniature tornados create the tracks by removing a thin, but bright deposit of dust to reveal the darker underlying surface.
Light-toned deposits are widely believed to contain minerals formed in water. 
Research, published in June 2010, described evidence for liquid water in Lyot crater in the past.
Other Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them; in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter), they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters will display layers in their walls. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed unto the surface. Hence, craters are useful for showing us what lies deep under the surface.
Fretted Terrain.
The Ismenius Lacus quadrangle contains several interesting features such as Fretted terrain, parts of which are found in Deuteronilus Mensae and Protonilus Mensae. Fretted terrain contains smooth, flat lowlands along with steep cliffs. The scarps or cliffs are usually 1 to 2 km high. Channels in the area have wide, flat floors and steep walls. Many buttes and mesas are present. In fretted terrain the land seems to transition from narrow straight valleys to isolated mesas. Most of the mesas are surrounded by forms that have been called a variety of names: circum-mesa aprons, debris aprons, rock glaciers, and Lobate Debris Aprons. At first they appeared to resemble rock glaciers on Earth. But scientists could not be sure. Even after the Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) took a variety of pictures of fretted terrain, experts could not tell for sure if material was moving or flowing as it would in an ice-rich deposit (glacier). Eventually, proof of their true nature was discovered by radar studies with the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter showed that they contain pure water ice covered with a thin layer of rocks that insulated the ice.
Glaciers.
Glaciers formed much of the observable surface in large areas of Mars. Much of the area in high latitudes, especially the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle, is believed to still contain enormous amounts of water ice. In March 2010, scientists released the results of a radar study of an area called Deuteronilus Mensae that found widespread evidence of ice lying beneath a few meters of rock debris. The ice was probably deposited as snowfall during an earlier climate when the poles were tilted more. It would be difficult to take a hike on the fretted terrain where glaciers are common because the surface is folded, pitted, and often covered with linear striations. The striations show the direction of movement. Much of this rough texture is due to sublimation of buried ice. The ice goes directly into a gas (this process is called sublimation) and leaves behind an empty space. Overlying material then collapses into the void. Glaciers are not pure ice; they contain dirt and rocks. At times, they will dump their load of materials into ridges. Such ridges are called moraines. Some places on Mars have groups of ridges that are twisted around; this may have been due to more movement after the ridges were put into place. Sometimes chunks of ice fall from the glacier and get buried in the land surface. When they melt and more or less round hole remains. On Earth we call these features kettles or kettle holes. Mendon Ponds Park in upstate NY has preserved several of these kettles. The picture from HiRISE below shows possible kettles in Moreux Crater.
Climate change caused ice-rich features.
Many features on Mars, especially ones found in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle, are believed to contain large amounts of ice. The most popular model for the origin of the ice is climate change from large changes in the tilt of the planet's rotational axis. At times the tilt has even been greater than 80 degrees Large changes in the tilt explains many ice-rich features on Mars.
Studies have shown that when the tilt of Mars reaches 45 degrees from its current 25 degrees, ice is no longer stable at the poles. Furthermore, at this high tilt, stores of solid carbon dioxide (dry ice) sublimate, thereby increasing the atmospheric pressure. This increased pressure allows more dust to be held in the atmosphere. Moisture in the atmosphere will fall as snow or as ice frozen onto dust grains. Calculations suggest this material will concentrate in the mid-latitudes. General circulation models of the Martian atmosphere predict accumulations of ice-rich dust in the same areas where ice-rich features are found. 
When the tilt begins to return to lower values, the ice sublimates (turns directly to a gas) and leaves behind a lag of dust. The lag deposit caps the underlying material so with each cycle of high tilt levels, some ice-rich mantle remains behind. Note, that the smooth surface mantle layer probably represents only relative recent material.
Deltas.
Researchers have found a number of examples of deltas that formed in Martian lakes. Deltas are major signs that Mars once had a lot of water because deltas usually require deep water over a long period of time to form. In addition, the water level needs to be stable to keep sediment from washing away. Deltas have been found over a wide geographical range. Below, is a pictures of a one in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle.
Pits and Cracks.
Some places in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle display large numbers of cracks and pits. It is widely believed that these are the result of ground ice sublimating (changing directly from a solid to a gas). After the ice leaves, the ground collapses in the shape of pits and cracks. The pits may come first. When enough pits form, they unite to form cracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21549797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549797" title="Kellee Santiago">
Kellee Santiago

Kellee Santiago is a video game designer and producer, and the co-founder and former president of Thatgamecompany. Santiago was born in Caracas, Venezuela and was raised in Richmond, Virginia, where she played video games from a young age and was encouraged by her software engineer father to experiment with computers. During college at the Tisch School of the Arts of New York University, she became active in experimental theater, and intended to pursue it after earning a master's degree in the Interactive Media Program of the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. While there, however, she became involved in video game design, and produced "Cloud", developed by Jenova Chen and a student team. Its success sparked her and Chen to found Thatgamecompany upon graduating, and she became the president. 
Santiago produced the studio's first two games, "Flow" and "Flower", moving more into her president role during the development of the company's latest game, "Journey". In addition to her work at Thatgamecompany, Santiago is one of the backers of the Indie Fund, a group which invests in the development of independent video games, and is a TED fellow. She married fellow University of Southern California graduate Mike Stein in 2010. As of 2013, she has left Thatgamecompany, and is in charge of developer relations for OUYA.
Biography.
Santiago was born in Caracas, Venezuela, and was raised in Richmond, Virginia. She played video games from a young age, cooperatively playing them with her younger brother; one of her earliest games was "Sleuth", which she describes as "simple, but so effective and so evocative" in instilling emotion in the player. Her father, a software engineer, had a computer in the house from when she was young, and encouraged Santiago to experiment with it. She moved to New York City at the age of 18 for college at the Tisch School of the Arts of New York University, where she was involved in amateur theater. She focused in theater on developing new works, rather than adapting older ones, and was especially drawn towards incorporating interactive digital media into her works. She ascribes this to her father's work in software engineering and her experiments with computers, which drove her into using them in her performances as she had more experience than the others in her group.
She moved to Los Angeles in 2003 when she was 24, and studied towards a master's degree in the Interactive Media Program of the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. Her intention was to remain in theater, but in her second semester took a class taught by Tracy Fullerton on the history of game design, which inspired her to focus her studies on video game design instead. The class caused her to realize "how much hadn't been done" in the realm of communication and expression in video games and the lack of established structure and rules as to how it was best to make games, which appealed to the part of her that was interested in experimental theater. While at school she produced the award-winning game "Cloud", developed by Jenova Chen and a student team, and also worked on other video games such as "Darfur is Dying". 
"Cloud" was intended as an experiment by the group to see if they could create a game that "expressed something different than video games had in the past", as well as determine the level of interest in the gaming community for video games of that nature. The game received over 400,000 downloads in the first four months after release, "more than every single person in every single theater had ever worked in," which convinced Santiago to remain in the video game industry permanently. The strong response to the game, released in 2005, inspired her and Chen to consider founding their own company to continue making games like it after they left school—where the design was based on the emotions they wanted to inspire rather than gameplay mechanics. 
Thatgamecompany.
Upon graduating, she and Chen founded Thatgamecompany in May 2006, with a contract with Sony Computer Entertainment to develop three games for the PlayStation Network. In addition to her role as president of the company, she also initially served as the producer for the studio. Despite this title, she was still involved in the design of the games as well. The first game was "Flow", an adaptation of a game that Chen had made for his thesis at USC, which was released in 2007. The game caused the studio to be noted as a key figure of independent video game development; in 2008, Gamasutra recognized the studio as one of the "20 Breakthrough Developers" of the year, emphasizing Santiago's key role. The second game for the studio, and the first to be completely original to the company, was "Flower", released in 2009. Both titles were heavily praised by critics and received several awards, as well as garnering high sales. For the studio's third game, "Journey", Thatgamecompany hired Robin Hunicke as the producer, allowing Santiago to focus more on directing the company as a whole. On March 29, 2012, Kellee announced her departure from Thatgamecompany, not specifying what her plans are for the future.
In 2009, Santiago became a TED fellow, giving a talk at a USC conference where she discussed whether video games were art, which was responded to a year later by Roger Ebert. Santiago is one of the backers of the Indie Fund, started in March 2010, a group which invests in the development of independent video games. In October 2010, Santiago married Mike Stein, whom she met while they were both at the University of Southern California. In 2011 she was named as one of the top 100 most influential women in technology by "Fast Company". In 2013, Ouya announced on their blog that Santiago would be joining them to lead developer relations. She joined the Women in Games International advisory board in May 2014.
Influences and philosophy.
Santiago describes her work at Thatgamecompany as creating emotional responses, in order to demonstrate that video games can create a wider range of experiences than are typically shown. She feels that Thatgamecompany's goal is "to create games that push the boundaries of videogames as a communicative medium, and to create games that appeal to a wide variety of people." Through this she hopes to change the rest of the industry to also approach making videogames as a "creative medium" rather than a product. She, both independently with the Indie Fund and through Thatgamecompany has tried to support the independent video game development industry by funding and connecting independent game developers.

</doc>
<doc id="21549801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549801" title="New Gothic">
New Gothic

New Gothic or Neo-Gothic is a contemporary art movement that emphasizes darkness and horror.
Manifesto.
"The Art Manifesto" was written by Gothic subculture artist Charles Moffat in 2001, who also coined the term in an effort to differentiate it from Gothic architecture. The manifesto was later updated in 2003, but both versions emphasize rebellion against normality.
Gothic exhibition, Boston 1997.
The style may be said to have begun (even if named later) with the "Gothic" exhibition organized by the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston, curated by Christoph Grunenberg, which took place April 24 – July 6, 1997. This exhibit included work by Jake and Dinos Chapman, Mike Kelley, Gregory Crewdson, Robert Gober, Jim Hodges, Douglas Gordon, Abigail Lane, Tony Oursler, Alexis Rockman, and Cindy Sherman.
Francesca Gavin's reformulation.
Gavin's 2008 book "Hell Bound" continued to theorize the existence of the movement. She has also referred to the style as "the art of fear". The term is associated with work by Banks Violette, David Noonan and Gabríela Friðriksdóttir, in particular, as well as Christian Jankowski, Marnie Weber, Boo Saville, Terence Koh, and Matthew Stone. Gavin also includes Olaf Breuning, Tal R, Dr Lakra, Abdul Vas, Joss McKinley, Jonathan Meese, Sue Webster, and Ricky Swallow. The artists involved often take inspiration from extreme metal, hardcore punk, motorcycle clubs, pornography, slasher films, and other elements of popular culture.

</doc>
<doc id="21549807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549807" title="Einarr Gilsson">
Einarr Gilsson

Einarr Gilsson was an Icelandic poet and official. He was the lögmaður of northern and western Iceland from 1367 to 1369. He is mentioned already in letters dating from 1339 and 1340 but his years of birth and death are unknown. He appears to have lived in Skagafjörður.
Einarr was the author of Ólafs ríma Haraldssonar, a ríma on Saint Óláfr Haraldsson consisting of 65 "ferskeytt" verses. Preserved in Flateyjarbók, it is sometimes considered the earliest known "ríma". Einarr's other preserved works are poems on Bishop Guðmundr Arason which have come down to us in Guðmundar saga biskups by Arngrímr Brandsson. These consist of a biographical "dróttkvætt" poem on the bishop focusing on his wonder-working, a shorter "hrynhent" poem on Guðmundr's conversations with archbishop Þórir of Niðarós and a "flokkr" on Guðmundr's struggle with the supernatural being Selkolla.
Finnur Jónsson characterized Einarr's poetry as "dry narratives without any poetic flight" and that as a poet Einarr is to be rated "on the whole, not highly".

</doc>
<doc id="21549818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549818" title="Lasmo">
Lasmo

Lasmo plc was a leading British oil and gas exploration and production business. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
History.
The Company was founded in 1971 as "London and Scottish Marine Oil" ("LASMO") to explore the North Sea. It struck oil in the Ninian Field in 1974 and was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1977. In the early 1990s it expanded its operations into Indonesia, Algeria and Pakistan. It bought Ultramar plc in 1991 in a hostile takeover battle.
It successfully fought off a hostile bid from Enterprise Oil in 1994. It expanded into Venezuela in 1997 paying $453m for an interest in the Dacion Field. In 1999 it acquired Monument Oil & Gas for £460m.
In 2001 it was acquired by Eni, who successfully outbid an initial offer from Amerada Hess.

</doc>
<doc id="21549825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549825" title="Casius quadrangle">
Casius quadrangle

The Casius quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is located in the north central portion of Mars’ eastern hemisphere and covers 60° to 120° east longitude (240° to 300° west longitude) and 30° to 65° north latitude. The quadrangle uses a Lambert conformal conic projection at a nominal scale of 1:5,000,000 (1:5M). The Casius quadrangle is also referred to as MC-6 (Mars Chart-6).
The southern and northern borders of the Casius quadrangle are approximately 3,065 km and 1,500 km wide, respectively. The north to south distance is about 2,050 km (slightly less than the length of Greenland). The quadrangle covers an approximate area of 4.9 million square km, or a little over 3% of Mars’ surface area.
Origin of Name.
Casius is the name of a telescopic albedo feature located at 40° N and 100° E on Mars. The feature was named for the Latin epithet for Zeus from his sanctuaries in Egypt and Syria. The name was approved by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1958.
Physiography and Geology.
The high latitude Casius quadrangle bears several features that are believed to indicate the presence of ground ice. Patterned ground is one such feature. Usually, polygonal shapes are found poleward of 55 degrees latitude. Other features associated with ground ice are Scalloped Topography, Ring Mold Craters, and Concentric Crater Fill.
Nilosyrtis.
Nilosyrtis runs from about 280 to 304 degrees west longitude, so like several other features, it sits in more than one quadrangle. Part of Nilosyrtis is in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle, the rest is in Casius quadrangle.
Ring Mold Craters.
Ring Mold Craters look like the ring molds used in baking. They are believed to be caused by an impact into ice. The ice is covered by a layer of debris. They are found in parts of Mars that have buried ice. Laboratory experiments confirm that impacts into ice result in a "ring mold shape." They may be an easy way for future colonists of Mars to find water ice.
Concentric Crater Fill.
Concentric crater fill is when the floor of a crater is mostly covered with a large number of parallel ridges. They are thought to result from a glacial type of movement. Sometimes boulders are found on concentric crater fill; it is believed they fell off crater wall, and then were transported away from the wall with the movement of the glacier.Erratics on Earth were carried by similar means. Based on accurate topography measures of height at different points in these craters and calculations of how deep the craters should be based on their diameters, it is thought that the craters are 80% filled with mostly ice. That is, they hold hundreds of meters of material that probably consists of ice with a few tens of meters of surface debris. The ice accumulated in the crater from snowfall in previous climates.
High resolution pictures taken with HiRISE reveal that some of the surfaces of concentric crater fill are covered with strange patterns called closed-cell and open-cell brain terrain. The terrain resembles a human brain. It is believed to be caused by cracks in the surface accumulating dust and other debris, together with ice sublimating from some of the surfaces.
Climate change caused ice-rich features.
Many features on Mars, including many in Casius quadrangle, are believed to contain large amounts of ice. The most popular model for the origin of the ice is climate change from large changes in the tilt of the planet's rotational axis. At times the tilt has even been greater than 80 degrees Large changes in the tilt explains many ice-rich features on Mars.
Studies have shown that when the tilt of Mars reaches 45 degrees from its current 25 degrees, ice is no longer stable at the poles. Furthermore, at this high tilt, stores of solid carbon dioxide (dry ice) sublimate, thereby increasing the atmospheric pressure. This increased pressure allows more dust to be held in the atmosphere. Moisture in the atmosphere will fall as snow or as ice frozen onto dust grains. Calculations suggest this material will concentrate in the mid-latitudes. General circulation models of the Martian atmosphere predict accumulations of ice-rich dust in the same areas where ice-rich features are found. 
When the tilt begins to return to lower values, the ice sublimates (turns directly to a gas) and leaves behind a lag of dust. The lag deposit caps the underlying material so with each cycle of high tilt levels, some ice-rich mantle remains behind. Note, that the smooth surface mantle layer probably represents only relative recent material.
Mars Science Laboratory.
Nilosyrtis is one of the sites proposed as a landing site for the Mars Science Laboratory. However, it did not make the final cut. It was in the top 7, but not in the top 4.
The aim of the Mars Science Laboratory is to search for signs of ancient life. It is hoped that a later mission could then return samples from sites identified as probably containing remains of life. To safely bring the craft down, a 12 mile wide, smooth, flat circle is needed. Geologists hope to examine places where water once ponded. They would like to examine sediment layers.

</doc>
<doc id="21549827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549827" title="Ashnola Pass">
Ashnola Pass

Ashnola Pass is a mountain pass in the North Cascades of northwestern Washington in the Pasayten Wilderness. See Ashnola River for name information.

</doc>
<doc id="21549841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549841" title="Microextraction by packed sorbent">
Microextraction by packed sorbent

Microextraction by packed sorbent (MEPS) is a solid phase extraction method that uses a packed sorbent material in a liquid handling syringe. 
Construction and operation.
The SPE sorbent materials are packed in the cartridge that is integrated into a microliter syringe. The syringe can be any type of manual or autosampler syringe used in gas chromatography or liquid chromatography. MEPS is suitable to reversed phase, normal phase, mixed mode or ion exchange chemistries. Instead of the milliliter volumes of solvent required to elute a standard SPE cartridge or disk, MEPS cartridges are capable of giving a total elution volume of a few microliters. This elution volume is such that it can easily be injected directly into a gas chromatograph or liquid chromatograph without further sample concentration. Full automation of sample preparation and analysis of the extracted sample can easily be achieved using a conventional autosampler. MEPS uses 100 times less sample and solvent than conventional SPE techniques. 

</doc>
<doc id="21549856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549856" title="Real to Reel International Film Festival">
Real to Reel International Film Festival

The Real to Reel International Film Festival is held annually in Kings Mountain, North Carolina at the Joy Performance Center. It was founded in 2000. According to the official website, the goal is "to showcase thought-provoking films and offer a venue where movie lovers who appreciate independent vision can celebrate this unique art form." The Cleveland County Arts Council presented the 13th Annual “Real to Reel International Film Festival” from July 18–21, 2012 and the 14th annual festival was celebrated on July 24–27, 2013.
The festival is located in the heart of North Carolina between Asheville and Charlotte, Cleveland County. The mission of the festival is to offer a forum for independent film, video and multi-media artists from around the world to showcase their talents and expose the works of these artists to the region.
The venue is the Joy Performance Center, located at 202 S. Railroad Ave., Kings Mountain, NC, a renovated classic theater from the 1940s in Kings Mountain. 
The 2012 films were:
"In Our Hands, Stop It, A Dangerous Place, Historias, Colored Confederates: Myth or Matter of Fact?, Guilt-Ridden, Live Outside the Box, Sterling Hallard Bright Drake, The Darkness is Close Behind, Escape, Echoes of Exxon, The High Price of Victory, Wheels, Sunshower, Dar He: The Lynching of Emmett Till, The Orphan, Money and Medicine, After I Pick the Fruit, The New Obsolete, Dislecksia: The Movie, The Miracles on Honey Bee Hill, Masque, When You Find Me, Connected: An Autoblogography about Love, Death & Technology"

</doc>
<doc id="21549857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549857" title="Cebrenia quadrangle">
Cebrenia quadrangle

The Cebrenia quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is located in the northeastern portion of Mars’ eastern hemisphere and covers 120° to 180° east longitude (180° to 240° west longitude) and 30° to 65° north latitude. The quadrangle uses a Lambert conformal conic projection at a nominal scale of 1:5,000,000 (1:5M). The Cebrenia quadrangle is also referred to as MC-7 (Mars Chart-7).
The southern and northern borders of the Cebrenia quadrangle are approximately and wide, respectively. The north to south distance is about (slightly less than the length of Greenland). The quadrangle covers an approximate area of 4.9 million square km, or a little over 3% of Mars’ surface area.
Origin of name.
Cebrenia is a telescopic albedo feature centered on 50° N and 150° E on Mars. The feature is named after the plains around ancient Troy. The name was approved by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1958.
Physiography and geology.
The quadrangle's prominent features are the large craters Mie and Stokes, a volcano, Hecates Tholus, and a group of mountains, Phlegra Montes. This area is a flat, smooth plain for the most part, so the relatively large craters Mie and Stokes really stand out. The Galaxias Region has an area of chaos, where the ground seems to have collapsed.
Viking II (part of Viking program) landed near Mie on September 3, 1976. Its landing coordinates were 48° N and 226° W.
Results from Viking II mission.
What it would look like walking around the landing site.
The sky would be a light pink. The dirt would also appear pink. The surface would be uneven; the soil would be formed into troughs. Large rocks would be spread about. Most of the rocks are similar in size. Many of the rocks would have small holes or bubbles on their surfaces caused by gas escaping after the rocks came to the surface. Some boulders would show erosion due to the wind. Many rocks would appear to be perched, as if wind removed much of the soil at their bases. In the winter snow or frost would cover most of the ground. There would be many small sand dunes that are still active. The wind speed would typically be 7 meters per second (16 miles per hour). There would be a hard crust on the top of the soil similar to a deposit, called caliche which is common in the U.S. Southwest. Such crusts are formed by solutions of minerals moving up through soil and evaporating at the surface. Scientists, in a September, 2009 article in the journal Science, have asserted that if Viking II only dug four (4) inches deeper, it would have reached a layer of almost pure ice.
Analysis of soil.
The soil resembled those produced from the weathering of basaltic lavas. The tested soil contained abundant silicon and iron, along with significant amounts of magnesium, aluminum, sulfur, calcium, and titanium. Trace elements, strontium and yttrium, were detected. The amount of potassium was 5 times lower than the average for the Earth's crust. Some chemicals in the soil contained sulfur and chlorine that were like typical compounds remaining after the evaporation of sea water. Sulfur was more concentrated in the crust on top of the soil then in the bulk soil beneath. The sulfur may be present as sulfates of sodium, magnesium, calcium, or iron. A sulfide of iron is also possible. The Spirit Rover and the Opportunity Rover both found sulfates on Mars. The Opportunity Rover (landed in 2004 with advanced instruments) found magnesium sulfate and calcium sulfate at Meridiani Planum. Using results from the chemical measurements, mineral models suggest that the soil could be a mixture of about 90% iron-rich clay, about 10% magnesium sulfate (kieserite?), about 5% carbonate (calcite), and about 5% iron oxides (hematite, magnetite, goethite?). These minerals are typical weathering products of mafic igneous rocks. Studies with magnets aboard the landers indicated that the soil is between 3 and 7 percent magnetic materials by weight. The magnetic chemicals could be magnetite and maghemite. These could come from the weathering of basalt rock. Experiments carried out by the Mars Spirit Rover (landed in 2004) indicated that magnetite could explain the magnetic nature of the dust and soil on Mars. Magnetite was found in the soil and that the most magnetic part of the soil was dark. Magnetite is very dark.
Search for life.
Viking did three experiments to look for life. The results were surprising and interesting. Most scientists now believe that the data were due to inorganic chemical reactions of the soil, although a few scientists still believe the results were due to living reactions. No organic chemicals were found in the soil. However, dry areas of Antarctica do not have detectable organic compounds either, but they have organisms living in the rocks. Mars has almost no ozone layer, like the Earth, so UV light sterilizes the surface and produces highly reactive chemicals such as peroxides that would oxidize any organic chemicals. The Phoenix Lander discovered the chemical perchlorate in the Martian Soil. Perchlorate is a strong oxidant so it may have destroyed any organic matter on the surface. If it is widespread on Mars, carbon-based life would be difficult at the soil surface.
Research, published in the Journal of Geophysical Research in September 2010, proposed that organic compounds were actually present in the soil analyzed by both Viking 1 and 2. NASA's Phoenix lander in 2008 detected perchlorate which can break down organic compounds. The study's authors found that perchlorate will destroy organics when heated and will produce chloromethane and dichloromethane, the identical chlorine compounds discovered by both Viking landers when they performed the same tests on Mars. Because perchlorate would have broken down any Martian organics, the question of whether or not Viking found life is still wide open.
Ice exposed in new craters.
Impressive research, reported in the journal Science in September 2009, has showed that some new craters on Mars show exposed, pure, water ice. After a time, the ice disappears, evaporating into the atmosphere. The ice is only a few feet deep. The ice was confirmed with the Compact Imaging Spectrometer (CRISM)] on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO). The ice was found in a total of 5 locations. Three of the locations are in the Cebrenia quadrangle. These locations are , and .
This discovery proves that future colonists on Mars will be able to obtain water from a wide variety of locations. The ice can be dug up, melted, then taken apart to provide fresh oxygen and hydrogen for rocket fuel. Hydrogen is the powerful fuel used by the space shuttle main engines
Other craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. Sometimes craters will display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed onto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
Hecates Tholus.
Recent research leads scientists to believe that Hecates Tholus erupted explosively about 350 million years ago, which is a not that long ago for Mars. The eruptions created depressions on the flanks of the volcano. And just five million years ago, glacial deposits formed inside these depressions. Some valleys on Hecates show a parallel drainage pattern.
Volcano-ice interactions.
Large amounts of water ice are believed to be present under the surface of Mars. Some channels lie near volcanic areas. When hot subsurface molten rock comes close to this ice, large amounts of liquid water and mud may be formed. Hrad Valles in the Cebrenia quadrangle is close to Elysium Mons, a large volcano, and may have supplied water to create the channel. Hrad Valles is pictured below.
Galaxias region.
The ground in Galaxias seems to have collapsed. Such land forms on Mars are called "Chaos terrain." Galaxias Chaos is different from many other chaotic regions. It does not have associated outflow channels, and it does not display a great elevation difference between it and the surrounding land area, as most of the other chaos regions. Research by Pedersen and Head, published in 2010, suggests that Galaxias Chaos is the site of a volcanic flow that buried an ice-rich layer, called the Vastitas Borealis Formation (VBF). It is generally believed that the VBF is a residue from water-rich materials deposited by large floods. The VBF may have been of varied thickness and may have contained varied amounts of ice. In the thin atmosphere of Mars, this layer would have slowly disappeared by sublimation (changing from a solid directly to a gas). Since some areas would have sublimated more than others, the upper lava cap would not be supported evenly and would crack. Cracks/troughs may have begun from sublimation and shrinkage along the edges of the lava cap. Stress from the undermining of the cap edge would have made cracks in the cap. Places with cracks would undergo more sublimation, then the cracks would widen and form the blocky terrain characteristic of regions of chaos. The sublimation process may have been aided by heat (geothermal flux) from magma movements. There are volcanoes, namely Elysium Montes and Hecates Tholus, nearby which most likely are surrounded by dikes, which would have heated the ground. Also, a warmer period in the past would have increased the amount of water sublimating from the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="21549867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549867" title="Großer Segeberger See">
Großer Segeberger See

Großer Segeberger See is a lake in Kreis Segeberg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21549870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549870" title="Goossee">
Goossee

Goossee is a lake in Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21549877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549877" title="Diacria quadrangle">
Diacria quadrangle

The Diacria quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is located in the northwestern portion of Mars’ western hemisphere and covers 180° to 240° east longitude (120° to 180° west longitude) and 30° to 65° north latitude. The quadrangle uses a Lambert conformal conic projection at a nominal scale of 1:5,000,000 (1:5M). The Diacria quadrangle is also referred to as MC-2 (Mars Chart-2).
The southern and northern borders of the Diacria quadrangle are approximately and wide, respectively. The north to south distance is about (slightly less than the length of Greenland). The quadrangle covers an approximate area of 4.9 million square km, or a little over 3% of Mars’ surface area. The Phoenix Lander’s landing site (68.22° N, 234.25° E) lies about 186 km north of the northeastern quarter of the Diacria quadrangle. The landscape viewed by the Phoenix lander is probably representative of a large portion of the terrain in the northern Diacria quadrangle.
Origin of name.
Diacria is the name of a telescopic albedo feature located at 48° N and 190° E on Mars. The feature was named by Greek astronomer E. M. Antoniadi in 1930 after a highland area in northern Attica, Greece. The name was approved by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1958.
Physiography and geology.
The Diacria quadrangle is located at the northwestern edge of the Tharsis volcanic plateau. Topographic, volcanic, and tectonic features associated with the large volcanoes Olympus Mons (south of map area) and Alba Mons (east of map area) characterize the southeastern and east central portions of the quadrangle.
The northern and western areas of the quadrangle lie in the northern lowland plains of Mars and cover portions of Amazonis Planitia (in the south), Arcadia Planitia (west central) and Vastitas Borealis (in the north). The large crater Milankovič (118.4 km in diameter) is located in the north central portion of the quadrangle at 54.7° N, 213.3° E.
Elevation data from the Mars Orbital Laser Altimeter (MOLA) instrument on the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft shows that the regional terrain slopes gently downward to the northwest, with the highest elevation about 3.5 km (3,500 m) above datum (Mars "sea level") on the western flank of the Alba Mons volcano in the southeastern portion of the quadrangle. The lowest points in the quadrangle are about 4.5 km below datum (-4,500 m) in Vastitas Borealis in the northwest corner. The regional relief is thus about 8 km, but at a local scale, slopes are very shallow; the portion of Amazonis Planitia in the south central part of the quadrangle contains some of the flattest terrain on the entire planet.
What does the surface look like.
Unlike some other places visited on Mars with landers ("Viking" and "Pathfinder"), nearly all the rocks near "Phoenix" are small. For about as far as the camera can see, the land is flat, but shaped into polygons between 2–3 meters in diameter and is bounded by troughs that are 20 cm to 50 cm deep. These shapes are due to ice in the soil expanding and contracting due to major temperature changes. The microscope showed that the soil on top of the polygons is composed of flat particles (probably a type of clay) and rounded particles. Also, unlike other places visited on Mars, the site has no ripples or dunes. Ice is present a few inches below the surface in the middle of the polygons, and along its edges, the ice is at least 8 inches deep. When the ice is exposed to the Martian atmosphere it slowly sublimates. Some dust devils were observed.
Western flank of Alba Mons.
The western flank of the Alba Mons volcano makes up the eastern and southeastern edge of the quadrangle. In terms of area, Alba Mons (formerly, Alba Patera) is the largest volcanic feature on Mars. The flank has a very low slope (l° or less) and is characterized by lava flows and an outwardly radiating array of ridges and channels. Some of the channels have a drainage pattern that resembles that formed by rain water on the slopes of terrestrial volcanoes. However, many other channels on the flanks of Alba Mons were clearly formed by flowing lava.
The western flank of the volcano also contains some NW-SE trending grabens (Cyane Fossae). An image from High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) beautifully shows a line of rimless pit craters in Cyane Fossae. The pits may have formed by the collapse of surface materials into open fractures created as magma intruded the subsurface rock to form dikes.
Acheron Fossae.
Near the southeast corner of the quadrangle (37° N, 225° E) lies a southward sloping, semicircular block of ancient, heavily cratered, highland crust that is dissected by numerous, arcuate troughs (Acheron Fossae). The troughs are grabens, structures formed when the crust moves downward between two faults. Grabens form in areas where the crust has undergone extensional stress. The Acheron Fossae region is partially covered by volcanic deposits from Alba Mons in the east, geologically young basaltic lava flows or sediments in the west and southeast, and the jumbled, furrowed terrain of Lycus Sulci in the south.
Lycus Sulci (Olympus Mons Aureole).
Lycus Sulci (24.6° N, 219° E) is the name applied to the northwestern portion of a larger terrain feature that partially encircles Olympus Mons and extends up to 750 km from the giant shield volcano’s base. This feature, called the Olympus Mons aureole, consists of several large lobes and has a distinctive corrugated or grooved surface texture. East of Olympus Mons, the aureole is partially covered by lava flows, but where it is exposed it goes by different names (Gigas Sulci, for example).The origin of the aureole remains debated, but it was likely formed by huge landslides or gravity-driven thrust sheets that sloughed off the edges of the Olympus Mons shield.
Erebus Montes.
Westward from Lycus Sulci, across the flat plains of Amazonis Planitia, lies an elongated region of knobby terrain called Erebus Montes (Erebus Mountains). The region contains hundreds of clustered to isolated hillocks that stand 500 to 1,000 m above the surrounding plains. The presence of numerous partly filled "ghost" craters in the area indicates that the hills represent the high-standing remnants of ancient highland crust that was inundated by lava flows and (possibly) alluvial sediments from Tharsis in the southeast and the Elysium volcanic province to the west.
Arcadia Planitia and Southern Vastitas Borealis.
North and east of the Erebus Montes are low-lying plains that characterize a large part of the Diacria Quadrangle and of the Martian northern hemisphere in general.
Medium resolution Mariner 9 and Viking spacecraft images from the 1970s show that large portions of Arcadia Planitia have an overall mottled (blotchy light and dark) appearance. At higher resolution, landforms commonly consist of lobate flow fronts; small channel segments; wrinkle ridges; pedestal craters; and low, isolated volcano-like hills with summit craters. MOLA images reveal numerous large, shallowly buried craters, suggesting that an old cratered surface lies under a layer of younger material.
At the resolution of the Mars Orbital Camera (MOC) on the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft (around several m per pixel), much of the northern plains has a distinctly stippled, pitted texture that causes the ground to resemble the surface of a basketball or orange rind. This texture is likely caused by a mantle of ice and dust covering the landscape. The small hollows and pits formed as the ice evaporated (sublimed).
The geologic history and origin of the northern plains are complex and still poorly understood. Many of the landforms resemble periglacial features seen on Earth, such as moraines, ice-wedged polygons, and pingos. Arcadia Planitia and Vastitas Borealis likely consist of a hodgepodge of old lava flows, ice-related features, and reworked sediments of diverse origin. Some theorize that the northern plains were once covered by oceans or large lakes.
Ice exposed in new craters.
A study reported in the journal Science in September 2009, shows that some newly formed craters have excavated clean, water ice from just below the surface in five locations on Mars. After a short time, the ice disappears, subliming into the atmosphere. The ice is only a few feet deep. The ice was confirmed with the Compact Imaging Spectrometer (CRISM) on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO). The ice was found in a total of 5 locations. One of the locations (Site 5) is in the Diacria quadrangle at about 46° N, 182° E (Arcadia Planitia).
This discovery is significant because it shows the presence of subsurface ice at latitudes further south than expected and proves that future colonists on Mars will be able to obtain water from a wide variety of locations. The ice can be dug up, melted, and then taken apart to provide fresh oxygen and hydrogen for rocket fuel. Hydrogen is the powerful fuel used by the space shuttle main engines
Dark slope streaks.
Many places on Mars show dark streaks on steep slopes, such as crater walls. It seems that the youngest streaks are dark and they become lighter with age. Often they begin as a small narrow spot then widen and extend downhill for hundreds of meters. Several ideas have been advanced to explain the streaks. Some involve water, or even the growth of organisms. The streaks appear in areas covered with dust. Much of the Martian surface is covered with dust because at more or less regular intervals dust settles out of the atmosphere covering everything. We know a lot about this dust because the solar panels of Mars rovers get covered with dust. The power of the Rovers has been saved many times by the wind, in the form of dust devils that have cleared the panels and boosted the power. So we know that dust falls from the atmosphere frequently.
It is most generally accepted that the streaks represent avalanches of dust. Streaks appear in areas covered with dust. When a thin layer of dust is removed, the underlying surface appears dark. Much of the Martian surface is covered with dust. Dust storms are frequent, especially when the spring season begins in the southern hemisphere. At that time, Mars is 40% closer to the sun. The orbit of Mars is much more elliptical then the Earth's. That is the difference between the farthest point from the sun and the closest point to the sun is very great for Mars, but only slight for the Earth. Also, every few years, the entire planet is engulfed in a global dust storm. When NASA's Mariner 9 craft arrived there, nothing could be seen through the dust storm. Other global dust storms have also been observed, since that time.
Research, published in January 2012 in Icarus, found that dark streaks were initiated by airblasts from meteorites traveling at supersonic speeds. The team of scientists was led by Kaylan Burleigh, an undergraduate at the University of Arizona. After counting some 65,000 dark streaks around the impact site of a group of 5 new craters, patterns emerged. The number of streaks was greatest closer to the impact site. So, the impact somehow probably caused the streaks. Also, the distribution of the streaks formed a pattern with two wings extending from the impact site. The curved wings resembled scimitars, curved knives. This pattern suggests that an interaction of airblasts from the group of meteorites shook dust loose enough to start dust avalanches that formed the many dark streaks. At first it was thought that the shaking of the ground from the impact caused the dust avalanches, but if that was the case the dark streaks would have been arranged symmetrically around the impacts, rather than being concentrated into curved shapes.
Dark streaks can be seen in some of the images below.
Dust and dust devil tracks.
Large portions of the martian surface are blanketed with bright reddish-ochre dust. The dust particles are typically less than 40 micrometres in size and are composed of iron oxide minerals. Data from the Thermal Emission Spectrometer (TES) on the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft has allowed planetary scientists to estimate the amount of dust cover for broad swaths of the planet. In general, the Diacria quadrangle is extremely dusty, particularly in Arcadia Planitia and the region around the flank of Alba Mons and the Olympus Mons aureole in the southeastern portion of the quadrangle. A few large patches of relatively low dust cover occur in Amazonis Planitia and in the northwest corner of the quadrangle.
Many areas on Mars, including the Diacria quadrangle, experience the passage of giant dust devils. When a dust devil goes by it blows away the coating of dust and exposes the underlying dark surface. Dust devils have been seen from the ground and high overhead from orbit. They have even blown the dust off of the solar panels of the two Rovers on Mars, thereby greatly extending their lives. The twin Rovers were designed to last for 3 months, instead they both lasted more than six years, and one is still going. The pattern of the tracks have been shown to change every few months.

</doc>
<doc id="21549884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549884" title="Ashnola Mountain">
Ashnola Mountain

Ashnola Mountain is a mountain in the Okanagan Range of the North Cascades in Washington state, located near Ashnola Pass and the headwaters of the Ashnola River, which flows north into British Columbia, Canada, to join the Similkameen River.
Name origin.
See Ashnola River for name origin.

</doc>
<doc id="21549886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549886" title="The Lady with the Dog (film)">
The Lady with the Dog (film)

The Lady with the Dog (, translit. "Dama s sobachkoy") is a 1960 Soviet drama film directed by Iosif Kheifits. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21549906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549906" title="Arcadia quadrangle">
Arcadia quadrangle

The Arcadia quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is located in the north-central portion of Mars’ western hemisphere and covers 240° to 300° east longitude (60° to 120° west longitude) and 30° to 65° north latitude. The quadrangle uses a Lambert conformal conic projection at a nominal scale of 1:5,000,000 (1:5M). The Arcadia quadrangle is also referred to as MC-3 (Mars Chart-3).
The southern and northern borders of the Arcadia quadrangle are approximately 3,065 km and 1,500 km wide, respectively. The north to south distance is about 2,050 km (slightly less than the length of Greenland). The quadrangle covers an approximate area of 4.9 million square km, or a little over 3% of Mars’ surface area.
Several features found in this quadrangle are interesting, especially gullies which are believed to be caused by relatively recent flows of liquid water. Dark slope streaks and dust devil tracks can have a striking appearance.
Origin of Name.
Arcadia is the name of a telescopic albedo feature located at 45° north latitude (N) and 260° east longitude (E) on Mars. The feature was named after a mountainous region in southern Greece. The name was approved by the International Astronomical Union(IAU) in 1958.
Physiography and Geology.
The quadrangle contains Alba Patera, the largest volcano (by area and volume) in the solar system and Tempe Terra, a highly fractured block of ancient crust about the size of Alaska.
Fossa.
Large troughs (long narrow depressions) are called fossae in the geographical language used for Mars. This term is derived from Latin; therefore fossa is singular and fossae are plural. These troughs form when the crust is stretched until it breaks. The stretching can be due to the large weight of a nearby volcano. Fossae/pit craters are common near volcanoes in the Tharsis and Elysium system of volcanoes. A trough often has two breaks with a middle section moving down, leaving steep cliffs along the sides; such a trough is called a graben. Lake George, in northern New York State, is a lake that sits in a graben. Pit craters are often associated with graben. Pit craters do not have rims or ejecta around them, like impact craters do. Studies have found that on Mars a fault may be as deep as 5 km, that is the break in the rock goes down to 5 km. Moreover, the crack or fault sometimes widens or dilates. This widening causes a void to form with a relatively high volume. When surface material slides into the void, a pit crater or a pit crater chain forms. On Mars, individual pit craters can join to form chains or even to form troughs that are sometimes scalloped. Other ideas have been suggested for the formation of fossae and pit craters. There is evidence that they are associated with dikes of magma. Magma might move along, under the surface, breaking the rock and more importantly melting ice. The resulting action would cause a crack to form at the surface. Pit craters are not common on Earth. Sinkholes, where the ground falls into a hole (sometimes in the middle of a town) resemble pit craters on Mars. However, on the Earth these holes are caused by limestone being dissolved thereby causing a void.
Knowledge of the locations and formation mechanisms of pit craters and fossae is important for the future colonization of Mars because they may be reservoirs of water. Many grabens are found in the Arcadia quadrangle. Pictures below show examples of grabens in Arcadia.
Dust Devil Tracks.
Many areas on Mars, including the Arcadia quadrangle, experience the passage of giant dust devils. A thin coating of fine bright dust covers most of the Martian surface. When a dust devil goes by it blows away the coating and exposes the underlying dark surface. Dust devils have been seen from the ground and from orbit. They have even blown dust from the solar panels of the two Rovers on Mars, thereby greatly extending their lives. The twin Rovers were designed to last for 3 months, instead they have lasted more than six years. The first Rover, Spirit, was last heard from in March 2010. Opportunity Rover is still exploring the Red Planet, after more than eight years. The pattern of the tracks have been shown to change every few months. The image below from HiRISE shows some dust devil tracks in the shape of X's. You may need to click on the image for a larger view to see the tracks clearly.
Dark slope streaks.
Many places on Mars show dark streaks on steep slopes like crater walls. It seems that the youngest streaks are dark; then they become lighter with age. Often they begin as a small narrow spot then widen and extend downhill for hundreds of meters. They have been seen to travel around obstacles, like boulders. 
Several ideas have been advanced to explain the streaks. Some involve water or even the growth of organisms. 
Dust storms are frequent, especially when the spring season begins in the southern hemisphere. At that time, Mars is 40% closer to the sun. The orbit of Mars is much more elliptical then the Earth's. That is the difference between the farthest point from the sun and the closest point to the sun is very great for Mars, but only a slight amount for the Earth. Also, every few years, the entire planet is engulfed in a global dust storm. When NASA's Mariner 9 craft arrived there, nothing could be seen through the dust storm. Other global dust storms have also been observed, since that time.
Research, published in January 2012 in Icarus, found that dark streaks were initiated by airblasts from meteorites traveling at supersonic speeds. The team of scientists was led by Kaylan Burleigh, an undergraduate at the University of Arizona. After counting some 65,000 dark streaks around the impact site of a group of 5 new craters, patterns emerged. The number of streaks was greatest closer to the impact site. So, the impact somehow probably caused the streaks. Also, the distribution of the streaks formed a pattern with two wings extending from the impact site. The curved wings resembled scimitars, curved knives. This pattern suggests that an interaction of airblasts from the group of meteorites shook dust loose enough to start dust avalanches that formed the many dark streaks. At first it was thought that the shaking of the ground from the impact caused the dust avalanches, but if that was the case the dark streaks would have been arranged symmetrically around the impacts, rather than being concentrated into curved shapes. Dark streaks can be seen in the image below of Tractus Catena that was taken by HiRISE.
Martian Gullies.
The Arcadia quadrangle is the location of gullies that may be due to recent flowing water. Gullies occur on steep slopes, especially on the walls of craters. Gullies are believed to be relatively young because they have few, if any craters. Moreover, they lie on top of sand dunes which themselves are considered to be quite young. Usually, each gully has an alcove, channel, and apron. Some studies have found that gullies occur on slopes that face all directions, others have found that the greater number of gullies are found on poleward facing slopes, especially from 30-44 S.
Although many ideas have been put forward to explain them, the most popular involve liquid water coming from an aquifer, from melting at the base of old glaciers, or from the melting of ice in the ground when the climate was warmer. Because of the good possibility that liquid water was involved with their formation and that they could be very young, scientists are excited. Maybe the gullies are where we should go to find life.
There is evidence for all three theories. Most of the gully alcove heads occur at the same level, just as one would expect of an aquifer. Various measurements and calculations show that liquid water could exist in aquifers at the usual depths where gullies begin. One variation of this model is that rising hot magma could have melted ice in the ground and caused water to flow in aquifers. Aquifers are layer that allow water to flow. They may consist of porous sandstone. The aquifer layer would be perched on top of another layer that prevents water from going down (in geological terms it would be called impermeable). Because water in an aquifer is prevented from going down, the only direction the trapped water can flow is horizontally. Eventually, water could flow out onto the surface when the aquifer reaches a break—like a crater wall. The resulting flow of water could erode the wall to create gullies. Aquifers are quite common on Earth. A good example is "Weeping Rock" in Zion National Park Utah.
As for the next theory, much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smoothes the land, but in places it has a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. The mantle may be like a glacier and under certain conditions the ice that is mixed in the mantle could melt and flow down the slopes and make gullies. Because there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. An excellent view of this mantle is shown below in the picture of the Ptolemaeus Crater Rim, as seen by HiRISE.
The ice-rich mantle may be the result of climate changes. Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water comes back to ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor will condense on the particles, then fall down to the ground due to the additional weight of the water coating. When Mars is at its greatest tilt or obliquity, up to 2 cm of ice could be removed from the summer ice cap and deposited at midlatitudes. This movement of water could last for several thousand years and create a snow layer of up to around 10 meters thick. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulating the remaining ice. Measurements of altitudes and slopes of gullies support the idea that snowpacks or glaciers are associated with gullies. Steeper slopes have more shade which would preserve snow.
Higher elevations have far fewer gullies because ice would tend to sublimate more in the thin air of the higher altitude.
The third theory might be possible since climate changes may be enough to simply allow ice in the ground to melt and thus form the gullies. During a warmer climate, the first few meters of ground could thaw and produce a "debris flow" similar to those on the dry and cold Greenland east coast. Since the gullies occur on steep slopes only a small decrease of the shear strength of the soil particles is needed to begin the flow. Small amounts of liquid water from melted ground ice could be enough. Calculations show that a third of a mm of runoff can be produced each day for 50 days of each Martian year, even under current conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="21549910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549910" title="Schmid metaphyseal chondrodysplasia">
Schmid metaphyseal chondrodysplasia

Schmid metaphyseal chondrodysplasia is a type of chondrodysplasia associated with a deficiency of collagen, type X, alpha 1.
These individuals will have normal serum calcium, phosphorus, and urinary amino acid levels which distinguishes them from many of the rickets syndromes. Long bones will be short and curved, with widened growth plates and metaphysis 
It is named for F Schmid, who characterized it in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="21549911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549911" title="Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)">
Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)

"Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)" is a 1961 pop song by the American singer Sue Thompson. The song was written by John D. Loudermilk and appears on Thompson's 1962 Hickory Records album "Meet Sue Thompson".
Released as a single in 1961, "Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)" was Thompson's first song to appear on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at number five in October. The song also reached the top of the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart, which had been created earlier in 1961, becoming the second song by a female vocalist to top this list. In Australia, the song topped out at number six on the Kent Music Report, while in the United Kingdom, it peaked at number 46 on the UK Singles Chart.
Although Thompson was in her thirties when she recorded "Sad Movies", her singing style and young-sounding voice appealed to many of the Baby Boomers whose influence was starting to become apparent on the US music charts. Loudermilk was inspired to write the song after a girlfriend of his went to see the 1960 film "Spartacus": "After the movie went off, they turned the bright lights on, and it was just an ambience killer. The person I was with had tears in her eyes and said, 'Sad movies make me cry'."

</doc>
<doc id="21549915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549915" title="List of Florida Gators baseball players">
List of Florida Gators baseball players

This List of Florida Gators baseball players includes former members of the Florida Gators baseball team that represents the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, who have played in one or more regular season Major League Baseball (MLB) games. The list includes such former Gators baseball players as David Eckstein, World Series Most Valuable Player, Al Rosen, former American League Most Valuable Player, and Haywood Sullivan, former managing partner of the Boston Red Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="21549918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549918" title="Mare Acidalium quadrangle">
Mare Acidalium quadrangle

The Mare Acidalium quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is located in the northeastern portion of Mars’ western hemisphere and covers 300° to 360° east longitude (0° to 60° west longitude) and 30° to 65° north latitude. The quadrangle uses a Lambert conformal conic projection at a nominal scale of 1:5,000,000 (1:5M). The Mare Acidalium quadrangle is also referred to as MC-4 (Mars Chart-4).
The southern and northern borders of the quadrangle are approximately 3,065 km and 1,500 km wide, respectively. The north to south distance is about 2,050 km (slightly less than the length of Greenland). The quadrangle covers an approximate area of 4.9 million square km, or a little over 3% of Mars’ surface area.
This area contains many bright spots on a dark background that may be mud volcanoes. There are also some gullies that are believed to have formed by relatively recent flows of liquid water.
Origin of Name.
Mare Acidalium (Acidalian Sea) is the name of a telescopic albedo feature located at 45° N and 330° E on Mars. The feature was named for a well or fountain in Boeotia, Greece. According to classical tradition, it is a location where Venus and the Graces bathed. The name was approved by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1958.
Physiography and Geology.
The quadrangle contains many interesting features, including gullies and possible shorelines of an ancient northern ocean. Some areas are densely layered. The boundary between the southern highlands and the northern lowlands lies in Mare Acidalium. The "Face on Mars," of great interest to the general public, is located near 40.8 degrees north and 9.6 degrees west, in an area called Cydonia. When Mars Global Surveyor examined it with high resolution, the face turned out to just be an eroded mesa. Mare Acidalium contains the Kasei Valles system of canyons. This huge system is 300 miles wide in some places—Earth's Grand Canyon is only 18 miles wide.
Gullies.
The HiRISE image below of Acidalia Colles shows gullies in the northern hemisphere. Gullies occur on steep slopes, especially craters. Gullies are believed to be relatively young because they have few, if any craters, and they lie on top of sand dunes which are themselves young. Usually, each gully has an alcove, channel, and apron. Although many ideas have been put forward to explain them, the most popular involve liquid water either coming from an aquifer or left over from old glaciers.
There is evidence for both theories. Most of the gully alcove heads occur at the same level, just as one would expect of an aquifer. Various measurements and calculations show that liquid water could exist in an aquifer at the usual depths where the gullies begin. One variation of this model is that rising hot magma could have melted ice in the ground and caused water to flow in aquifers. Aquifers are layers that allow water to flow. They may consist of porous sandstone. This layer would be perched on top of another layer that prevents water from going down (in geological terms it would be called impermeable). The only direction the trapped water can flow is horizontally. The water could then flow out onto the surface when the aquifer reaches a break, like a crater wall. Aquifers are quite common on Earth. A good example is "Weeping Rock" in Zion National Park Utah.
On the other hand there is evidence for the alternative theory because much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smoothes the land, but in places it has a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. Under certain conditions the ice could melt and flow down the slopes to create gullies. Since there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. An excellent view of this mantle is in the picture of the Ptolemaeus Crater Rim, as seen by HiRISE.
Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water comes back to ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor condenses on the particles, then the heavier particles with the water coating fall and pile up on the ground. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulates the remaining ice.
Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. Sometimes craters display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed unto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
Mud volcanoes.
Large areas of Mare Acidalium display bright spots on a dark background. It has been suggested that the spots are mud volcanoes. More than 18,000 of these features, which have an average diameter of about 800 meters, have been mapped. Mare Acidalium would have received large quantities of mud and fluids form outflow channels, so much mud may have accumulated there. The bright mounds have been found to contain crystalline ferric oxides. Mud volcanism here may be highly significant because long lived conduits for upwelling groundwater could have been produced. These could have been habitats for micro organisms. Mud volcanoes could have brought up samples from deep zones that could therefore be sampled by robots.

</doc>
<doc id="21549921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549921" title="Kleiner Bullensee">
Kleiner Bullensee

Kleiner Bullensee is a lake in Lower Saxony, Germany. 

</doc>
<doc id="21549935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549935" title="Gowran Park Champion Chase">
Gowran Park Champion Chase

The Gowran Park Champion Chase is a Grade 2 National Hunt chase in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Gowran Park over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (4,023 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in October.

</doc>
<doc id="21549939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549939" title="Edward Lorenzo Holmes">
Edward Lorenzo Holmes

Edward L. Holmes (1828-1900) was an American ophthalmologist who founded The University of Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary.
A native of Massachusetts, Holmes received instruction from the historian John Lathrop Motley, and learned German from Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. He summered at Brook Farm, an experimental, utopan, literary community, based on the principles of transcendentalism and shared manual labor. Holmes received undergraduate and medical school training at Harvard, followed by postgraduate training at Massachusetts General Hospital. He then studied ophthalmology and otology in Paris and Vienna. 
At age 29, Holmes moved to Chicago, where, in May 1858 he founded the Chicago Eye and Ear Infirmary, the first hospital of its kind west of the Alleghenies. Holmes served as head of the institution until 1885, when he moved to Rush Medical College, subsequently becoming staff president there.

</doc>
<doc id="21549967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549967" title="Semi-steel">
Semi-steel

Semi-steel casting is a lower cost method to produce a casting that is not quite as strong as a steel casting but less expensive to manufacture. It was used more commonly as a marketing term.
The carbon and silicon percentages are reduced to the amount approximately consistent with those in steel. This is done using pig iron or gray iron casting scrap and reducing the amount of carbon through the addition of relatively pure steel or wrought iron scrap in a well heated cupola furnace. The percentage of carbon is typically between foundry cast iron and wrought iron.
References.
Journal of the Iron and Steel Institute, Vol. LXXIII, p. 511. c 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="21549992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549992" title="Beacon Charter High School for the Arts">
Beacon Charter High School for the Arts

Beacon Charter High School for the Arts is a charter high school in Woonsocket, Rhode Island that first opened in the fall of 2003. It combines a high school college preparatory program with a visual, performing, and culinary arts.
Mission.
Beacon Charter High School for the Arts develops artistic thinkers by nurturing self-expression while preparing our graduates with the academic skills necessary for sustained postsecondary success.

</doc>
<doc id="21550035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550035" title="Tizguit Valley">
Tizguit Valley

The Tizguit Valley is a river cut landform in the Middle Atlas mountain range, in the Meknès-Tafilalet Region of eastern Morocco.
Much of the valley is characterised by basaltic rock. This valley is associated with forested areas that may provide habitat for the endangered Barbary macaque, "Macaca sylvanus", a primate that prehistorically had a much wider range in northern Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="21550036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550036" title="Frederick Leveson-Gower (Bodmin)">
Frederick Leveson-Gower (Bodmin)

Edward Frederick Leveson-Gower DL, JP (3 May 1819 – 30 May 1907), styled The Honourable from birth, was a British barrister and Liberal politician. He was commonly known under his second surname and was sometimes nicknamed Freddy Leveson.
Background and education.
Leveson-Gower was the second surviving son of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Granville and his wife Lady Harriet Elizabeth Cavendish, second daughter of William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire. He spent his early childhood, first in his father's residence at Wherstead, and when his father had become ambassador in France in 1824, at the British embassy in Paris, where he was a playmate of Henri, comte de Chambord. Aged eight, he was sent back to England on a school in Brighton, after which he entered Eton College. Leveson-Gower left the latter in 1835 and was privately educated for the next two years, until he went on Christ Church College, Oxford in 1837. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1840 and a Master of Arts four years later. After his Grand Tour, he was then called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1845, practising in the Oxford circuit.
Career.
Leveson-Gower entered the British House of Commons for Derby with the support of his uncle William Cavendish, 6th Duke of Devonshire in May 1847. However, the election was overturned on petition in July and Leveson-Gower did not stand in the by-election. From 1851, he worked as précis writer in the Foreign Office until the following year, when by the influence of his cousin George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 2nd Duke of Sutherland, he stood successfully as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Stoke-upon-Trent, a seat he lost in the general election of 1857. Two years later, he was returned for Bodmin and represented the constituency until his retirement from politics in 1885. Leveson-Gower was a Justice of the Peace for Surrey and served as a Deputy Lieutenant for the county.
Personal life.
Having travelled to India in 1850, Leveson-Gower, after his return, married Lady Margaret Compton, daughter of Spencer Compton, 2nd Marquess of Northampton on 1 June 1851. She died only a few years later. Their only son George sat later in the Parliament of the United Kingdom for North West Staffordshire and also for Stoke-upon-Trent. In 1856, Leveson-Gower joined his brother Granville on a special mission to Russia. He died in 1907, aged 88, having been in his later life a friend of William Ewart Gladstone and his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="21550051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550051" title="List of musicians known for destroying instruments">
List of musicians known for destroying instruments

This is a list of musicians known for destroying instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="21550053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550053" title="EarthWeb">
EarthWeb

EarthWeb is a science fiction novel written by author Marc Stiegler, and released in May, 1999 by publisher Baen Books.
Plot summary.
EarthWeb is set in a future where Earth is attacked roughly every five years by spaceships from an unknown extraterrestrial society. Named Shivas, after the Hindu Deity of the same name, the ships are very large, and become progressively more advanced. The ultimate goal of the ships seems to be the complete destruction of the Earth. A commando squad of highly trained soldiers, called Angels, work to destroy the ship, using information gathered by an extended, worldwide version of the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="21550061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550061" title="The Nightcrawlers">
The Nightcrawlers

The Nightcrawlers were a regional Daytona Beach, Florida band with a hit single, "The Little Black Egg", which was written in 1965 for an Easter concert in which the band opened for The Beach Boys. The single ultimately reached 85 on the national charts after its third re-release in 1967. The group released three other singles: "Cry," "A Basket of Flowers," and "I Don't Remember." The five original members were Pete Thomason, Sylvan Wells, Robbie Rouse, Chuck Conlon and Tommy Ruger.
Their sound is described as sparse folk rock, popularized by The Byrds, The Beau Brummels, and other post-British Invasion mid-1960s bands. They released one LP on Kapp Records, but the original lineup disbanded in 1966, before the final (and most popular) release of "The Little Black Egg." The reformed Nightcrawlers did one more single for Kapp, "My Butterfly" written by band members Sylvan Wells and Rick Hollinger, in a more hard rock vein and then disbanded. The original main songwriter, Charlie Conlon, later reformed the group under the name "Conlon and the Crawlers", although the group did not record after 1967. The group continued with different members including Marshall Letter and eventually disbanded in 1970. In 2000, a retrospective CD with 24 cuts was released by Big Beat/London, England.
Although the group never gained wide fame, the simple hook of "The Little Black Egg" made it a favorite cover for garage bands of each musical era since the '60s. It was covered in the 1990s by The Lemonheads. The Cars also covered "The Little Black Egg." On September 19, 2008, the world premier of the film "Cracking The Egg: The Untold Story of The Nightcrawlers" was held at the 6th annual Daytona Beach Film Festival. Outsider music specialist Irwin Chusid claimed that when he was a teen the record sparked his interest in "odd songs".
At the behest of Ajaye Agency in Cincinnati, Rick Hollinger reformed the Nightcrawlers in 1968 in Tallahassee, Florida, for the express purpose of taking them to Ohio because the song "Little Black Egg" was enjoying a resurgence. Besides Rick, the group members were Gary Sockwell on drums, Eddie Everette on lead guitar and vocals, Rod Vaillancourt on keyboards and vocals and Steve Flacy on bass guitar. They worked for years in a multi-state area but never issued additional recordings. Rod Vaillancourt and Steve Flacy went on to work with Adrian Belew in a band called Sweetheart and Rod later recorded with Artimus Pyle. Drummer Tommy Ruger died from complications of diabetes in Port Orange, Florida on December 11, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="21550066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550066" title="Iya Savvina">
Iya Savvina

Iya Sergeyevna Savvina (; 2 March 1936 – 27 August 2011) was a Soviet film actress who was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1990.
Savvina was not a professionally trained actress. She graduated from the Department of Journalism of the Moscow State University and has appeared in 30 films following her star turn as Anna Sergeyevna in Iosif Kheifets's "The Lady with the Dog" (1960). Since 1977, she had served in Moscow Art Theatre. During her career she received many awards including the Crystal Turandot Award and State Prizes of USSR and Russian SFSR.
She was also a notable memoirist and cinema scholar who wrote about her colleagues Faina Ranevskaya, Mikhail Ulyanov, Lyubov Orlova and others.

</doc>
<doc id="21550068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550068" title="Arabia quadrangle">
Arabia quadrangle

The Arabia quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Arabia quadrangle is also referred to as MC-12 (Mars Chart-12).
The quadrangle contains part of the classic area of Mars known as Arabia. It lies on the boundary between the young northern plains and the old southern highlands. The quadrangle covers the area from 315° to 360° west longitude and 0° to 30° north latitude.
Description.
The surface of the Arabia quadrangle appears to be very old because it has a high density of craters, but it is not near as high in elevation as typical old surfaces. On Mars the oldest areas contain the most craters; the oldest period is called Noachian after the quadrangle Noachis. The Arabia area contains many buttes and ridges. Some believe that during certain climate changes an ice-dust layer was deposited; later, parts were eroded to form buttes.
Some outflow channels are found in Arabia, namely Naktong Vallis, Locras Valles, Indus Vallis, Scamander Vallis, and Cusus Valles.
Layers.
Many places in Arabia are shaped into layers. The layers can be a few meters thick or tens of meters thick. Recent research on these layers by scientists at California Institute of Technology (Caltech) suggest that ancient climate change on Mars caused by regular variation in the planet's tilt, or obliquity may have caused the patterns in the layers. On Earth, similar changes (astronomical forcing) of climate results in ice-age cycles. 
A recent study of layers in craters in western Arabia revealed much about the history of the layers. Although the craters in this study are just outside the boundary for the Arabia quadrangle the findings would probably apply to the Arabia quadrangle as well. The thickness of each layer may average less than 4 meters in one crater, but 20 meters in another. The pattern of layers measured in Becquerel crater, suggests that each layer was formed over a period of about 100,000 years. Moreover, every 10 layers were bundled together into larger units. The 10-layer pattern is repeated at least 10 times. So every 10-layer pattern took one-million years to form. 
The tilt of the Earth's axis changes by only a little more than 2 degrees; it is stabilized by the relatively large mass of our moon. In contrast Mars's tilt varies by tens of degrees. When the tilt (or obliquity) is low, the poles are the coldest places on the planet, while the equator is the warmest—as on Earth. This causes gases in the atmosphere, like water and carbon dioxide, to migrate pole ward, where they freeze. When the obliquity is higher, the poles receive more sunlight, causing those materials to migrate away. When carbon dioxide moves from the poles, the atmospheric pressure increases, maybe causing a difference in the ability of winds to transport and deposit sand. Also, with more water in the atmosphere sand grains may stick and cement together to form layers. This study of the thickness of layers was done using stereo topographic maps obtained by processing data from the high-resolution camera onboard NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
Recent research leads scientists to believe that some of the craters in Arabia may have held huge lakes. Cassini Crater and Tikonravov Crater probably once were full of water since their rims seem to have been breached by water. Both inflow and outflow channels have been observed on their rims. Each of these lakes would have contained more water than Earth's Lake Baikal, our largest freshwater lake by volume. The watersheds for lakes in Arabia seem to be too small to gather enough water by precipitation alone; therefore it is thought that much of their water came from groundwater.
Another group of researchers proposed groundwater with dissolved minerals came to the surface, in and later around craters, and helped to form layers by adding minerals (especially sulfate) and cementing sediments. Upon close examination, Arabia layers appear to have a slight tilt. This tilt supports formation with the action of a rising water table. A water table generally follows the topography. Since the layers slope slightly down toward the northwest, the layers may have been created by groundwater, rather than a single large sea that has been suggested.
This hypothesis is supported by a groundwater model and by sulfates discovered in a wide area. At first, by examining surface materials with Opportunity Rover, scientists discovered that groundwater had repeatedly risen and deposited sulfates. Later studies with instruments on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter showed that the same kinds of materials exist in a large area that included Arabia.
Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed unto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
Some craters in Arabia are classified as pedestal craters. A pedestal crater is a crater with its ejecta sitting above the surrounding terrain and thereby forming a raised platform. They form when an impact crater ejects material which forms an erosion resistant layer, thus protecting the immediate area from erosion. As a result of this hard covering, the crater and its ejecta become elevated, as erosion removes the softer material beyond the ejecta. Some pedestals have been accurately measured to be hundreds of meters above the surrounding area. This means that hundreds of meters of material were eroded away. Pedestal craters were first observed during the Mariner missions.
Possible methane.
One study with the Planetary Fourier Spectrometer in the Mars Express spacecraft found possible methane in three areas of Mars, one of which was in Arabia. One possible source of methane is from the metabolism of living bacteria. However, a recent study indicates that to match the observations of methane, there must be something that quickly destroys the gas, otherwise it would be spread all through the atmosphere instead of being concentrated in just a few locations. There may be something in the soil that oxidizes the gas before it has a chance to spread. If this is so, that same chemical would destroy organic compounds, thus life would be very difficult on Mars.
Deformation bands.
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter showed deformation bands in Capen Crater, located in the Arabia quadrangle. Deformation bands are small faults with very small displacements. They often proceed large faults. They develop in porous rocks, like sandstone. They can restrict and/or change the flow of fluids like water and oil. They are common in the Colorado Plateau. Good examples form in the Entrada Sandstone in the San Rafael Swell in Utah. The bands represent failure by localized frictional sliding. The bands on Mars are a few meters wide and up to a few kilometers long. They are caused by the compression or stretching of underground layers. Erosion of overlying layers make them visible at the surface. Capen Crater was unnamed before the discovery of deformation bands. It was named for Charles Capen, who studied Mars at JPL's Table Mountain Observatory in California and at Lowell Observatory in Arizona.
Geological history.
Recent studies, reported in the journal Icarus, have suggested that the area underwent several phases in its formation:
Dark slope streaks.
Streaks are common on Mars. They occur on steep slopes of craters, troughs, and valleys. The streaks are dark at first. They get lighter with age. Sometimes they start in a tiny spot, then spread out and go for hundreds of meters. They have been seen to travel around obstacles, like boulders. Streaks appear in areas covered with dust. Much of the Martian surface is covered with dust. Fine dust settles out of the atmosphere covering everything. We know a lot about this dust because the solar panels of the Mars Rovers get covered with dust, thus reducing the electrical energy. The power of the Rovers has been restored many times by the wind, in the form of dust devils, cleaning the panels and boosting the power. So, we know that dust settles from the atmosphere then returns over and over. Dust storms are frequent, especially when the spring season begins in the southern hemisphere. At that time, Mars is 40% closer to the sun. The orbit of Mars is much more elliptical then the Earth's. That is the difference between the farthest point from the sun and the closest point to the sun is very great for Mars, but only a slight amount for the Earth. Also, every few years, the entire planet is engulfed in global dust storms. When NASA's Mariner 9 craft arrived there, nothing could be seen through the dust storm. Other global dust storms have also been observed, since that time.
Research, published in January 2012 in Icarus, found that dark streaks were initiated by airblasts from meteorites traveling at supersonic speeds. The team of scientists was led by Kaylan Burleigh, an undergraduate at the University of Arizona. After counting some 65,000 dark streaks around the impact site of a group of 5 new craters, patterns emerged. The number of streaks was greatest closer to the impact site. So, the impact somehow probably caused the streaks. Also, the distribution of the streaks formed a pattern with two wings extending from the impact site. The curved wings resembled scimitars, curved knives. This pattern suggests that an interaction of airblasts from the group of meteorites shook dust loose enough to start dust avalanches that formed the many dark streaks. At first it was thought that the shaking of the ground from the impact caused the dust avalanches, but if that was the case the dark streaks would have been arranged symmetrically around the impacts, rather than being concentrated into curved shapes.

</doc>
<doc id="21550097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550097" title="Syrtis Major quadrangle">
Syrtis Major quadrangle

The Syrtis Major quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Syrtis Major quadrangle is also referred to as MC-13 (Mars Chart-13).
The quadrangle covers longitudes 270° to 315° west and latitudes 0° to 30° north on Mars.
Syrtis Major is an old shield volcano with a central depression that is elongated in a north-south direction. It contains the calderas Meroe Patera and Nili Patera. Interesting features in the area include dikes and inverted terrain.
Discovery and name.
The name Syrtis Major is derived from the classical Roman name "Syrtis maior" for the Gulf of Sidra on the coast of Libya (classical Cyrenaica).
Syrtis Major was the first documented surface feature of another planet. It was discovered by Christiaan Huygens, who included it in a drawing of Mars in 1659. The feature was originally known as the Hourglass Sea but has been given different names by different cartographers. In 1840, Johann Heinrich von Mädler compiled a map of Mars from his observations and called the feature Atlantic Canale. In Richard Proctor's 1867 map it is called then Kaiser Sea (after Frederik Kaiser of the Leiden Observatory). Camille Flammarion called it the Mer du Sablier (French for "Hourglass Sea") when he revised Proctor's nomenclature in 1876. The name "Syrtis Major" was chosen by Giovanni Schiaparelli when he created a map based on observations made during Mars' close approach to Earth in 1877.
Igneous Rocks.
Syrtis Major is of great interest to geologists because several types of igneous rocks have been found there with orbiting spacecraft. Besides basalt, dacite and granite have been found there. Dacite originates under volcanoes in magma chambers. Dacites form at the top of the chamber, after heavy minerals (olivine and pyroxene) containing iron and magnesium have settled to the bottom. Granite is formed by an even more complex process.
Some areas of Syrtis Major contain large amounts of the mineral olivine. Olivine turns into other minerals very rapidly in the presence of water, so a high abundance of olivine suggests that for a long time little water has been there.
Minerals.
A variety of important minerals have been discovered near Nili Fossae, a major trough system in Syrtis major. Besides a large exposure of olivine located in Nili Fossae. Other minerals found there include carbonates, aluminum smectite, iron/magnesium smecite, hydrated silica, kaolinite group minerals, and iron oxides. In December 2008, NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter found that rocks at Nili Fossae contain carbonate minerals, a geologically significant discovery. Later research published in October 2010, described a large deposit of carbonate rocks found inside Leighton Crater at a level that was once buried 4 miles (6 km) below the surface. Finding carbonates in an underground location strongly suggests that Mars was warmer and had more atmospheric carbon dioxide and ancient seas. Because the carbonates were near silicate minerals and clays hydrothermal systems like the deep sea vents on Earth may have been present.
Other minerals found by MRO are aluminum smectite, iron/magnesium smecite, hydrated silica, kaolinite group minerals, iron oxides, and talc.
NASA scientists discovered that Nili Fossae is the source of plumes of methane, raising the question of whether this source originates from biological sources.
Research, published in the fall of 2010, describes the discovery of hydrated silica on the flanks of a volcanic cone. The deposit was from a steam fumarole or hot spring, and it represents a recent habitable microenvironment. The 100 meter high cone rests on the floor of Nili Patera. Observations were obtained with NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
Dikes.
Narrow ridges occur in some places on Mars. They may be formed by different means, but some are probably caused by molten rock moving underground, cooling into hard rock, then being exposed by the erosion of softer, surrounding materials. Such a feature is termed a dike. They are common on Earth—some famous ones are Shiprock, New Mexico; around Spanish Peaks, Colorado; and the "Iron Dike" in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado. 
The discovery on Mars of dikes that were formed from molten rock is highly significant because dikes indicate the existence of intrusive igneous activity. On the Earth such activity is associated with precious metals like gold, silver, and tellurium. Dikes and other intrusive structures are common in the Cripple Creek Mining District of Colorado; the Battle Mountain-Eureka area in north-central Nevada, famous for gold and molybdenum deposits; and around the Franklin dike swarm in Canada.
Mapping the presence of dikes allows us to understand how magma (molten rock under the ground) travels and where it could have interacted with surrounding rock, thus producing valuable ores. Deposits of important minerals are also made by dikes and other igneous intrusions heating water which then dissolves minerals that are deposited in cracks in nearby rock. One would expect a great deal of intrusive igneous activity to occur on Mars because it is believed there is more igneous activity under the ground than on top, and Mars has many huge volcanoes.
Some crater floors in the Syrtis Major area show elongated ridges in a lattice-like pattern. Such patterns are typical of faults and breccia dikes formed as a result of an impact. The ridges are found where there has been enhanced erosion. Pictures below show examples of these dikes. Water may flow along faults. The water often carries minerals that serve to cement rock materials thus making them harder. Later when the whole area undergoes erosion the dikes will remain as ridges because they are more resistant to erosion. This discovery may be of great importance for future colonization of Mars because these types of faults and breccia dikes on earth are associated with key mineral resources. It has been estimated that 25% of the Earth's impacts are connected to mineral production. The largest gold deposit on Earth is the Vredefort 300 km diameter impact structure in South Africa. Perhaps, when people live on Mars these kinds of areas will be mined as they are on earth.
Buttes.
Many places on Mars have buttes that are similar to buttes on Earth, such as the famous ones in Monument Valley, Utah. Buttes are formed when most of a layer(s) of rocks are removed from an area. Buttes usually have a hard, erosion resistant cap rock on the top. The cap rock causes the top of a butte to be flat. An example of a butte in the Syrtis Major quadrangle is shown below.
Dunes.
Sand dunes are found all over Mars. Often sand dunes will form in low areas, for example on the floor of ancient river valleys. Dunes on the floor of Arnus Vallis, an old river valley are visible in a picture below. Dunes in valleys on Mars usually lie at right angles to the valley walls.
Streaks.
Many areas of Mars change their shape and/or coloration. For many years, astronomers observing regular changes on Mars when the seasons changed, thought that what they saw was evidence of vegetation growing. After close-up inspection with a number of spacecraft, other causes were discovered. Basically, the changes are caused by the effects of the wind blowing dust around. Sometimes, fine bright dust settles on the dark basalt rock making the surface appear lighter, at other times the light-toned dust will be blown away; thus making the surface darken—just as if vegetation were growing. Mars has frequent regional or global dust storms that coat the surface with fine bright dust. In the THEMIS image below, white streaks are seen downwind of craters. The streaks are not too bright; they appear bright because of contrast with the dark volcanic rock basalt which makes up the surface.
Inverted Relief.
Some places on Mars show inverted relief. In these locations, a stream bed may be a raised feature, instead of a valley. The inverted former stream channels may be caused by the deposition of large rocks or due to cementation. In either case erosion would erode the surrounding land and leave the old channel as a raised ridge because the ridge would be more resistant to erosion. Images below, taken with HiRISE show sinuous ridges that are old channels that have become inverted.
Methane.
For several years, researchers have found methane in the atmosphere of Mars. After study, it was determined to be coming from a point in Syrtis Major, located at 10° N and 50° E.
A recent study indicates that to match the observations of methane, there must be something that quickly destroys the gas, otherwise it would be spread all through the atmosphere instead of being concentrated in one location. There may be something in the soil that oxidizes the gas before it has a chance to spread. If this is so, that same chemical would destroy organic compounds, thus life would be very difficult on Mars.

</doc>
<doc id="21550104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550104" title="Björn Ferry">
Björn Ferry

Björn Ferry (born August 1, 1978, in Stensele, Västerbotten County) is a Swedish biathlete and medal winning Olympian. He began competing internationally in World Cup competitions in 2001, but did not win his first international race until the 2007/2008 season. In 2007, he won gold in the mixed relay event at the Biathlon World Championships. The next year, at his third Winter Olympics appearance, he won the gold medal in the pursuit event. He started the event in 8th place as determined by the previous sprint event, but managed to overtake the race leader on the final lap.
Athletic career.
Ferry debuted in the World Cup in Hochfilzen in 2001, and earned his first World Cup points after only skiing three races. He finished his first season ranked 36th in World Cup standings. In World Cup competition, he slowly improved his ranking, and by the 2006/2007 season was ranked in the top ten worldwide. His first Olympic appearance, at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah, was disappointing, but four years later at the 2006 Games in Turin, Italy he was a member of a Swedish relay team that placed fourth, just off the medal stand.
Ferry has seen some of his strongest efforts and best finishes in Italy, even beyond the 2006 success. His first two World Cup victories both came in the pursuit in Antholz-Anterselva, in the 2007/2008 and 2008/2009 seasons. In 2007, he won a gold medal in the mixed relay in the 2007 World Championships alongside Helena Jonsson, Anna Carin Olofsson, and Carl Johan Bergman. Although his 2009/2010 season was lackluster, and Ferry saw his ranking drop from 9th to 16th place in the World Cup, Ferry was again selected for the Swedish team for the 2010 Olympic Games in Vancouver, Canada. In the pursuit event held on February 16, Ferry finished in first place, winning the gold medal after catching and passing the race leader on the final lap of the race. He beat second place finisher Christoph Sumann of Austria by only 16.5 seconds. The victory marked the first Olympic biathlon gold for a Swedish athlete in a half-century.
Ferry practices with the Storuman IK club. His personal coach was German Wolfgang Pichler until Pichler left his role as coach of the Swedish biathlon team in 2010. He subsequently described the atmosphere in the team under Pichler as being like a cult, although he praised Pichler for the energy he brought to the role.
In March 2014 Ferry confirmed that he would be retiring from the sport at the end of the 2013/14 season.
Record.
Individual victories.
"7 victories (2 Sp, 4 Pu, 1 MS)" 
Opposition to doping.
Ferry has been outspoken in his opposition to the use of banned substances by athletes who participate in international competition, a practice known as doping. In 2009, he was quoted referring to Russian athletes who had used such substances as 'idiots' and received a number of death threats. During the 2010 winter Olympics, he was quoted saying he would not mind if athletes who use banned substances would get the death penalty or, "at least lots of kicks in the balls." Further comments referred to dopers as people with low moral standards and suggested that the problem of use of banned substances in sport would not go away until more severe penalties were imposed.
Personal life.
Ferry is married to arm wrestler Heidi Andersson, who has won multiple world championships in arm wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="21550115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550115" title="Amenthes quadrangle">
Amenthes quadrangle

The Amenthes quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Amenthes quadrangle is also referred to as MC-14 (Mars Chart-14). The quadrangle covers the area from 225° to 270° west longitude and from 0° to 30° north latitude on Mars.
This quadrangle contains the Isidis basin, a location where magnesium carbonate was found by MRO. This mineral indicates that water was present and that it was not acidic. There are Dark slope streaks, troughs (fossae), and river valleys (Vallis) in this quadrangle.
Craters.
Some craters in the Amenthes region (as well as other parts of Mars) show ejecta around them that have lobes. It is believed that the lobed shape is caused by an impact into water or ice logged ground. Calculations suggest that ice is stable beneath the Martian surface. 
At the equator the stable layer of ice might lie under as much as 1 kilometer of material, but at higher latitudes the ice may be just a few centimeters below the surface. This was proven when the landing rockets on the Phoenix lander blew away surface dust to reveal an ice surface. The larger an impact crater, the deeper its penetration, a large crater is more likely to have a lobate ejecta since it went down to the ice layer. When even small craters have lobes, the ice level is close to the surface. This idea would be very important for future colonists on Mars who would like to live near a source of water.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. Sometimes craters will display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed unto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
Hebrus Valles.
Hebrus Vales has tributaries, terraces, and teardrop shaped islands. The tear drop shape of the islands indicate what direction the water used to flow. The terraces may be caused by different layers of rocks or from the water being at different levels. These features are common for the rivers of the Earth. 

</doc>
<doc id="21550125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550125" title="Walnut Hill Elementary School">
Walnut Hill Elementary School

Walnut Hill Elementary School is a public elementary school in Dallas Independent School District (DISD), serving grades PK–5. The school is located at 10115 Midway Road in Dallas, near Walnut Hill Lane, and has been in operation since 1912, though the present building was constructed in 1946.
History.
The school's predecessor was established in 1912 as Smith Hall School, near the same site; at the time, Walnut Hill Lane was known as Six Mile Road. About 1916, the school districts of Smith Hall and nearby Elms Springs merged, after which local landowner Albert Latham — whose property included a farm and walnut grove on the northwest corner of Midway and Six Mile Road — offered the new district 10 acres of land in exchange for naming the new school Walnut Hill School. Thomas E. Henry, previously Dallas County Superintendent of Public Schools, served as an early principal for the new grade school.
As of 1935, a Walnut Hill School District had been established and voters were considering a $20,000 bond issue to repair the building, construct an annex, and purchase the land on which the annex was to be constructed. By 1937, the new building had been constructed at a cost of $30,000, with some assistance from the Texas division of the Public Works Administration (PWA). The school was a county school by 1946 when the town of Preston Hollow was annexed to the city of Dallas and Walnut Hill became part of the DISD. An addition to the building was constructed in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="21550137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550137" title="Elysium quadrangle">
Elysium quadrangle

The Elysium quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Elysium quadrangle is also referred to as MC-15 (Mars Chart-15).
The Elysium quadrangle covers the area 180° to 225° west longitude and 0° to 30° north latitude on Mars. It contains major volcanoes named Elysium Mons and Albor Tholus and river valleys--one of which, Athabasca Valles may be one of the youngest on Mars. On the east side is an elongated depression called Orcus Patera.
Volcanoes.
The Elysium quadrangle contains the volcanoes Elysium Mons and Albor Tholus. Much of this area is covered with lava flows, some can even be shown approaching, then stopping upon reaching higher ground. (See pictures below for examples) Sometimes when lava flows the top cools quickly into a solid crust. However, the lava below often still flows, this action breaks up the top layer making it very rough. Such rough flow is called aa.
Research, published in January 2010, described the discovery of a vast single lava flow, the size of the state of Oregon, that "was put in place turbulently over the span of several weeks at most." This flow, near Athabasca Valles, is the youngest lava flow on Mars. It is thought to be of Late Amazonian Age.
Layers.
The Elysium Fossae contain layers, also called strata. Many places on Mars show rocks arranged in layers. Sometimes the layers are of different colors. Light-toned rocks on Mars have been associated with hydrated minerals like sulfates. The Mars Rover Opportunity examined such layers close-up with several instruments. Pictures taken from orbiting spacecraft show that some layers of rocks seem to break up into fine dust; consequently these rocks are probably composed of small particles. Other layers break up into large boulders, so they are probably much harder. Basalt, a volcanic rock, is thought comprise the layers that form boulders. Basalt has been identified on Mars in many places. Instruments on orbiting spacecraft have detected clay (also called phyllosilicates) in some layers. Scientists are excited about finding hydrated minerals such as sulfates and clays on Mars because they are usually formed in the presence of water. Places that contain clays and/or other hydrated minerals would be good places to look for evidence of life. 
Rock can be formed into layers in a variety of ways. Volcanoes, wind, or water can produce layers.
Fossae/pit craters.
The Elysium quadrangle is home to large troughs (long narrow depressions) called fossae in the geographical language used for Mars. Troughs are created when the crust is stretched until it breaks. The stretching can be due to the large weight of a nearby volcano. Fossae/pit craters are common near volcanoes in the Tharsis and Elysium system of volcanoes. A trough often has two breaks with a middle section moving down, leaving steep cliffs along the sides; such a trough is called a graben. Lake George, in northern New York State, is a lake that sits in a graben. Pits are produced when material collapses into the void that results from the stretching. Pit craters do not have rims or ejecta around them, like impact craters do. Studies have found that on Mars a fault may be as deep as 5 km, that is the break in the rock goes down to 5 km. Moreover, the crack or fault sometimes widens or dilates. This widening causes a void to form with a relatively high volume. When material slides into the void, a pit crater or a pit crater chain forms. On Mars, individual pit craters can join to form chains or even to form troughs that are sometimes scalloped. Other ideas have been suggested for the formation of fossae and pit craters. There is evidence that they are associated with dikes of magma. Magma might move along, under the surface, breaking the rock, and more importantly melting ice. The resulting action would cause a crack to form at the surface. Pit craters are not common on Earth. Sinkholes, where the ground falls into a hole (sometimes in the middle of a town) resemble pit craters on Mars. However, on the Earth these holes are caused by subsurface limestone being dissolved, thereby causing a void. The images below of the Cerberus Fossae, the Elysium Fossae and other troughs, as seen by HiRISE are examples of fossae.
Knowledge of the locations and formation mechanisms of pit craters and fossae is important for the future colonization of Mars because they may be reservoirs of water.
Methane.
Methane has been detected in three areas on Mars; one of which is in the Elysium quadrangle.
This is exciting because one possible source of methane is from the metabolism of living bacteria. However, a recent study indicates that to match the observations of methane, there must be something that quickly destroys the gas, otherwise it would be spread all through the atmosphere instead of being concentrated in just a few locations. There may be something in the soil that oxidizes the gas before it has a chance to spread. If this is so, that same chemical would destroy organic compounds, thus life would be very difficult on Mars.
Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters will display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed unto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
Research published in the journal Icarus has found pits in Zunil Crater that are caused by hot ejecta falling on ground containing ice. The pits are formed by heat forming steam that rushes out from groups of pits simultaneously, thereby blowing away from the pit ejecta.
Vallis in the Elysium quadrangle.
Some of the valleys in the Elysium quadrangle seem to start from grabens. Granicus Vallis and Tinjar Vallis begin at a graben that lies just to the west of Elysium Mons. Certain observations suggest that they may have been the location of lahars (mudflows). The graben may have formed because of volcanic dikes. Heat from the dikes would have melted a great deal of ice. Two valleys, Hephaestus Fossae and Hebrus Valles, have sections that join and branch at high angles.
Perhaps the youngest outflow channel on Mars is Athabasca Valles. It lies 620 miles southeast of the large volcano Elysium Mons. Athabasca was formed by water that burst out of Cerberus Fossae, a set of cracks or fissures in the ground. Cerberus Fossae most likely was formed from the stress on the crust caused by the weight of both Elysium Mons and Tharsis volcanoes. Current evidence suggests that Cerberus floods probably erupted in several stages. Near the start of these channels (Cerberus Fossae), the system is called Athabasca Valles, to the south and east it is called Marte Vallis. Flow rates in Marte Vallis have been estimated at around 100 times that of the Mississippi River. Eventually, the system just seems to fade out in the plains of Amazonis Planitia.

</doc>
<doc id="21550149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550149" title="Delta 2000">
Delta 2000

The Delta 2000 series was an American expendable launch system which was used to conduct forty-four orbital launches between 1974 and 1981. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets. Several variants existed, which were differentiated by a four digit numerical code.
<br>The Delta 1000, 2000 and 3000 series used surplus NASA Apollo program rockets engines for its first and second stages.
The first stage was an Extended Long Tank Thor, re-engined with the Rocketdyne RS-27 replacing the earlier MB-3-III engine. The RS-27 engine was a rebranded H-1 engine used in the Saturn 1B with minor changes. Three or nine Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off. The Delta-P second stage used the TRW TR-201 engine. The TR-201 engine was a Lunar Module Descent Engine reconfigured for fixed thrust output. Launches which required a three-stage configuration in order to reach higher orbits used the Thiokol Star-37D or 37E upper stage as an apogee kick motor.
Delta 2000 launches occurred from Space Launch Complex 2W at Vandenberg AFB and both pads of Launch Complex 17 at Cape Canaveral. Forty-three out of forty-four launches were successful. The single failure being the maiden flight (19 January 1974), which placed Skynet 2A into a useless orbit. A short circuit in an electronics package circuit board (on second stage) left the upper stages and satellite in an unstable low orbit (96 x 3,406 km x 37.6 deg) that rapidly decayed.  An investigation revealed that a substandard coating had been used on the circuit board.

</doc>
<doc id="21550153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550153" title="Amazonis quadrangle">
Amazonis quadrangle

The Amazonis quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Amazonis quadrangle is also referred to as MC-8 (Mars Chart-8).
The quadrangle covers the area from 135° to 180° west longitude and 0° to 30° north latitude on Mars. This area is considered to be among the youngest parts of Mars because it has a very low density of craters. The Amazonia period is named after this area.
This quadrangle contains special, unusual features called the Medusae Fossae Formation and Sulci.
Medusae Fossae Formation.
The Amazonis quadrangle is of special interest to scientists because it contains a big part of a formation, called the Medusae Fossae Formation. It is a soft, easily eroded deposit that extends for nearly 1,000 km along the equator of Mars. The surface of the formation has been eroded by the wind into a series of linear ridges called yardangs. These ridges generally point in direction of the prevailing winds that carved them and demonstrate the erosive power of Martian winds. The easily eroded nature of the Medusae Fossae Formation suggests that it is composed of weakly cemented particles, and was most likely formed by the deposition of wind-blown dust or volcanic ash. Using a global climate model, a group of researchers headed by Laura Kerber found that the Medusae Fossae Formation could have easily been formed from ash from the volcanoes Apollinaris Mons, Arsia Mons, and possibly Pavonis Mons. Another evidence for a fine-grained composition is that the area gives almost no radar return. For this reason it has been called a "stealth" region. Layers are seen in parts of the formation. Images from spacecraft show that they have different degrees of hardness probably because of significant variations in the physical properties, composition, particle size, and/or cementation. Very few impact craters are visible throughout the area so the surface is relatively young.
Sulci.
A very rugged terrain extends from the base of Olympus Mons. It is called Lycus Sulci. Sulci is a Latin term that refers to the furrows on the surface of a brain, so Lycus Sulci has many furrows or grooves. The furrows are huge—up to a full kilometer deep. It would be extremely difficult to walk across it or to land a space ship there. A picture of this area is shown below.
Columnar Jointing.
Lava flows sometimes cool to form large groups of more-or-less equally sized columns. The resolution of the HiRISE images is such that the columns were found in various locations in 2009. 
Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters will display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed onto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
A pedestal crater is a crater with its ejecta sitting above the surrounding terrain and thereby forming a raised platform. They form when an impact crater ejects material which forms an erosion resistant layer, thus protecting the immediate area from erosion. As a result of this hard covering, the crater and its ejecta become elevated, as erosion removes the softer material beyond the ejecta. Some pedestals have been accurately measured to be hundreds of meters above the surrounding area. This means that hundreds of meters of material were eroded away. Pedestal craters were first observed during the Mariner missions.
Research published in the journal Icarus has found pits in Tooting Crater that are caused by hot ejecta falling on ground containing ice. The pits are formed by heat forming steam that rushes out from groups of pits simultaneously, thereby blowing away from the pit ejecta. 

</doc>
<doc id="21550164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550164" title="First Choice Airways destinations">
First Choice Airways destinations

First Choice Airways served the following destinations before merging with Thomsonfly (Thomson Airways destinations for the merged destinations):

</doc>
<doc id="21550168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550168" title="John Knightley">
John Knightley

John Knightley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21550186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550186" title="Tharsis quadrangle">
Tharsis quadrangle

The Tharsis quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Tharsis quadrangle is also referred to as MC-9 (Mars Chart-9).
The quadrangle covers the area from 90° to 135° west longitude and 0° to 30° north latitude on Mars and contains most of the Tharsis Rise. The plateau is about as high as Earth's Mount Everest and about as big in area as all of Europe. Tharsis contains a group of large volcanoes. Olympus Mons is the tallest.
Volcanoes.
Tharsis is a land of great volcanoes. Olympus Mons is the tallest known volcano in the Solar System; it is 100 times larger than any volcano on Earth. Ascraeus Mons and Pavonis Mons are at least 200 miles across and are over six miles above the plateau that they sit on—and, the plateau is three to four miles above the zero altitude of Mars. Pavonis Mons, the middle in a line of three volcanoes, sits at just about dead center on the equator. Mons is a term used for a large raised feature. Tholus is about the same, but smaller. A patera is flatter and like a volcano with a super large opening. Actually, a patera is formed when the top of a volcano collapses because its magma chamber is empty. Crater Lake Oregon was formed that way. Several volcanoes form a straight line in the Tharsis Uplift. Two major ones are in the Tharsus quadrangle: Ascraeus Mons and Pavonis Mons. It has been proposed that these are the result of plate motion which on Earth makes volcanic arc islands.
Potential influence of volcanic emissions on climate.
Some scientists maintain that Tharsis has had great influence on the climate of Mars. Volcanoes give off large amounts of gas when they erupt. The gases are usually water vapor and carbon dioxide. Some estimates put the amount of gas released to the atmosphere as enough to make the atmosphere thicker than the Earth's. In addition, the water released by the volcanoes could have been enough to cover all of Mars to a depth of 120 meters. The greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide raises the temperature of a planet by trapping heat in the form of infrared radiation. The volcanic eruptions on Tharsis could have made Mars more Earth-like in the past. Mars may have once had a much thicker and warmer atmosphere. Oceans and/or lakes may have been present.
Fossa.
The Tharsis quadrangle is also home to large troughs (long narrow depressions) called fossae in the geographical language used for Mars. Fossae in this area are Ulysses Fossae, Olympica Fossae, Ceraunius Fossae, and Tractus Fossae. These troughs form when the crust is stretched until it breaks. The stretching can be due to the large weight of a nearby volcano. Studies have shown that the volcanoes of Tharsis caused most of the major fossae on Mars. The stress that caused the fossae and other tectonic features is centered in Noctis Labyrinthus, at 4 S and 253 E. But the center has moved somewhat over time. Fossae/pit craters are common near volcanoes in the Tharsis and Elysium system of volcanoes. A trough often has two breaks with a middle section moving down, leaving steep cliffs along the sides; such a trough is called a graben. Studies have found that on Mars a fault may be as deep as 5 km, that is the break in the rock goes down to 5 km. Moreover, the crack or fault sometimes widens or dilates. This widening causes a void to form with a relatively high volume. When material slides into the void, a pit crater or a pit crater chain forms. Pit craters do not have rims or ejecta around them, like impact craters do. On Mars, individual pit craters can join to form chains or even to form troughs that are sometimes scalloped. Other ideas have been suggested for the formation of fossae and pit craters. There is evidence that they are associated with dikes of magma. Magma might move along, under the surface, breaking the rock and, more importantly, melting ice. The resulting action would cause a crack to form at the surface. Pit craters are not common on Earth. Sinkholes, where the ground falls into a hole (sometimes in the middle of a town) resemble pit craters on Mars. However, on the Earth these holes are caused by limestone being dissolved thereby causing a void.
Knowledge of the locations and formation mechanisms of pit craters and fossae is important for the future colonization of Mars because they may be reservoirs of water.
Glaciers.
Some scientists see evidence that glaciers exist on many of the volcanoes in Tharsis, including Olympus Mons, Ascraeus Mons, and Pavonis Mons. Ceraunius Tholus may have even had its glaciers melt to form some temporary lakes in the past.
Dark slope streaks.
Some pictures below show dark streaks: on the slopes on large blocks just to the left of Tharsis Tholus, on Ceraunius Fossae, and on Olympica Fossae. Such streaks are common on Mars. They occur on steep slopes of craters, troughs, and valleys. The streaks are dark at first. They get lighter with age. Sometimes they start in a tiny spot, then spread out and go for hundreds of meters. They have been seen to travel around obstacles, like boulders. It is believed that they are avalanches of bright dust that expose a darker underlying layer. However, several ideas have been advanced to explain them. Some involve water or even the growth of organisms. The streaks appear in areas covered with dust. Much of the Martian surface is covered with dust. Fine dust settles out of the atmosphere covering everything. We know a lot about this dust because the solar panels of the Mars Rovers get covered with dust, thus reducing the electrical energy. The power of the Rovers has been restored many times by the wind, in the form of dust devils, cleaning the panels and boosting the power. Dust storms are frequent, especially when the spring season begins in the southern hemisphere. At that time, Mars is 40% closer to the sun. The orbit of Mars is much more elliptical then the Earth's. That is the difference between the farthest point from the sun and the closest point to the sun is very great for Mars, but only a slight amount for the Earth. Also, every few years, the entire planet is engulfed in global dust storms. When NASA's Mariner 9 craft arrived there, nothing could be seen through the dust storm. Other global dust storms have also been observed, since that time.
Research, published in January 2012 in Icarus, found that dark streaks were initiated by airblasts from meteorites traveling at supersonic speeds. The team of scientists was led by Kaylan Burleigh, an undergraduate at the University of Arizona. After counting some 65,000 dark streaks around the impact site of a group of 5 new craters, patterns emerged. The number of streaks was greatest closer to the impact site. So, the impact somehow probably caused the streaks. Also, the distribution of the streaks formed a pattern with two wings extending from the impact site. The curved wings resembled scimitars, curved knives. This pattern suggests that an interaction of airblasts from the group of meteorites shook dust loose enough to start dust avalanches that formed the many dark streaks. At first it was thought that the shaking of the ground from the impact caused the dust avalanches, but if that was the case the dark streaks would have been arranged symmetrically around the impacts, rather than being concentrated into curved shapes.
The crater cluster lies near the equator 510 miles) south of Olympus Mons, on a type of terrain called the Medusae Fossae formation. The formation is coated with dust and contains wind-carved ridges called yardangs. These yardangs have steep slopes thickly covered with dust, so when the sonic boom of the airblast arrived from the impacts dust started to move down the slope.
Using photos from Mars Global Surveyor and HiRISE camera on NASA’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, scientists have found about 20 new impacts each year on Mars. Because the spacecraft have been imaging Mars almost continuously for a span of 14 years, newer images with suspected recent craters can be compared to older images to determine when the craters were formed. Since the craters were spotted in a HiRISE image from February 2006, but were not present in a Mars Global Surveyor image taken in May 2004, the impact occurred in that time frame.
The largest crater in the cluster is about in diameter with close to the area of a basketball court. As the meteorite traveled through the Martian atmosphere it probably broke up; hence a tight group of impact craters resulted. 
Dark slope streaks have been seen for some time, and many ideas have been advanced to explain them. This research may have finally solved this mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="21550209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550209" title="Lunae Palus quadrangle">
Lunae Palus quadrangle

The Lunae Palus quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The quadrangle is also referred to as MC-10 (Mars Chart-10). The Lunae Palus quadrangle contains many ancient river valleys.
The quadrangle covers the area from 45° to 90° west longitude and 0° to 30° north latitude on Mars. The Viking I Lander (part of Viking program) landed in the quadrangle on July 20, 1976, at . It was the first robot spacecraft to successfully land on the Red Planet.
Results From Viking I Mission.
What would it look like walking around the landing site.
The sky would be a light pink. The dirt would also appear pink. Rocks of many sizes would be spread about. One large rock, named "Big Joe", is as big as a banquet table. Some boulders would show erosion due to the wind. There would be many small sand dunes that are still active. The wind speed would typically be 7 meters per second (16 miles per hour). There would be a hard crust on the top of the soil similar to a deposit, called caliche which is common in the U.S. Southwest. Such crusts are formed by solutions of minerals moving up through soil and evaporating at the surface.
Analysis of Soil.
The soil resembled those produced from the weathering of basaltic lavas. The tested soil contained abundant silicon and iron, along with significant amounts of magnesium, aluminum, sulfur, calcium, and titanium. Trace elements, strontium and yttrium, were detected. The amount of potassium was 5 times lower than the average for the Earth's crust. Some chemicals in the soil contained sulfur and chlorine that were like those remaining after the evaporation of sea water. Sulfur was more concentrated in the crust on top of the soil then in the bulk soil beneath. The sulfur may be present as sulfates of sodium, magnesium, calcium, or iron. A sulfide of iron is also possible. Both the Spirit Rover and the Opportunity Rover also found sulfates on Mars; consequently sulfates may be common on the Martian surface. The Opportunity Rover (landed in 2004 with advanced instruments) found magnesium sulfate and calcium sulfate at Meridiani Planum. Using results from the chemical measurements, mineral models suggest that the soil could be a mixture of about 90% iron-rich clay, about 10% magnesium sulfate (kieserite?), about 5% carbonate (calcite), and about 5% iron oxides (hematite, magnetite, goethite?). These minerals are typical weathering products of mafic igneous rocks. Studies with magnets aboard the landers indicated that the soil is between 3 and 7 percent magnetic materials by weight. The magnetic chemicals could be magnetite and maghemite. These could come from the weathering of basalt rock. Experiments carried out by the Mars Spirit Rover (landed in 2004) indicated that magnetite could explain the magnetic nature of the dust and soil on Mars. Magnetite was found in the soil and that the most magnetic part of the soil was dark. Magnetite is very dark.
Search for Life.
Viking did three experiments looking for life. The results were surprising and interesting. Most scientists now believe that the data were due to inorganic chemical reactions of the soil. But a few still believe the results were due to living reactions. No organic chemicals were found in the soil; hence nearly all the scientific community thought that no life was found because no organic chemicals were detected. Not finding any organics was unusual since meteorites raining on Mars for 5 billion years or so would surely bring some organics. Moreover, dry areas of Antarctica do not have detectable organic compounds either, but they have organisms living in the rocks. Mars has almost no ozone layer, like the Earth, so UV light sterilizes the surface and produces highly reactive chemicals such as peroxides that would oxidize any organic chemicals. Perchlorate may be the oxidizing chemical. The Phoenix Lander discovered the chemical perchlorate in the Martian Soil. Perchlorate is a strong oxidant so it may have destroyed any organic matter on the surface. If it is widespread on Mars, carbon-based life would be difficult at the soil surface.
The question of life on Mars received a new, important twist when research, published in the Journal of Geophysical Research in September 2010, proposed that organic compounds were actually present in the soil analyzed by both Viking 1 and 2. NASA's Phoenix lander in 2008 detected perchlorate which can break down organic compounds. The study's authors found that perchlorate will destroy organics when heated and will produce chloromethane and dichloromethane, the identical chlorine compounds discovered by both Viking landers when they performed the same tests on Mars. Because perchlorate would have broken down any Martian organics, the question of whether or not Viking found life is still wide open.
Vallis.
Vallis (plural "valles") is the Latin word for "valley". It is used in planetary geology for the naming of landform features on other planets.
Vallis (plural "valles") was used for old river valleys that were discovered on Mars, when we probes were first sent to Mars. The Viking Orbiters caused a revolution in our ideas about water on Mars; huge river valleys were found in many areas. Orbiting cameras showed that floods of water broke through dams, carved deep valleys, eroded grooves into bedrock, and traveled thousands of kilometers.
River Valleys Observed by Viking Orbiters.
The Viking Orbiters caused a revolution in our ideas about water on Mars. Huge river valleys were found in many areas. They showed that floods of water broke through dams, carved deep valleys, eroded grooves into bedrock, and traveled thousands of kilometers.
Mars Science Laboratory.
Hypanis Vallis, in the Lunae Palus quadrangle, is one of the sites proposed as a landing site for the Mars Science Laboratory. The aim of the Mars Science Laboratory is to search for signs of ancient life. It is hoped that a later mission could then return samples from sites identified as probably containing remains of life. To safely bring the craft down, a 12 mile wide, smooth, flat circle is needed. Geologists hope to examine places where water once ponded. They would like to examine sediment layers.
Kasei Valles.
One of the most significant features of the Lunae Palus region, Kasei Valles, is one of the largest outflow channels on Mars. Like other outflow channels, it was carved by liquid water, probably during gigantic floods. 
Kasei is about long. Some sections of Kasei Valles are wide. It begins in Echus Chasma, near Valles Marineris, and empties into Chryse Planitia, not far from where Viking 1 landed. Sacra Mensa, a large tableland, divides Kasei into northern and southern channels. It is one of the longest continuous outflow channels on Mars. At around 20° north latitude Kasei Valles splits into two channels, called Kasei Vallis Canyon and North Kasei Channel. These branches recombine at around 63° west longitude. Some parts of Kasei Valles are 2–3 km deep.
Scientists suggest it was formed several episodes of flooding and maybe by some glacial activity.
Deltas.
Researchers have found a number of examples of deltas that formed in Martian lakes. Finding deltas is a major sign that Mars once had a lot of water. Deltas often require deep water over a long period of time to form. Also, the water level needs to be stable to keep sediment from washing away. Deltas have been found over a wide geographical range.
Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters will display layers. Craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.
Fossa.
Large troughs (long narrow depressions) are called fossae in the geographical language used for Mars. This term is derived from Latin; therefore fossa is singular and fossae is plural. Troughs form when the crust is stretched until it breaks. The stretching can be due to the large weight of a nearby volcano. Fossae/pit craters are common near volcanoes in the Tharsis and Elysium system of volcanoes. 

</doc>
<doc id="21550236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550236" title="The Delinquents (1960 film)">
The Delinquents (1960 film)

The Delinquents () is a 1959 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21550244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550244" title="Oxia Palus quadrangle">
Oxia Palus quadrangle

The Oxia Palus quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Oxia Palus quadrangle is also referred to as MC-11 (Mars Chart-11).
The quadrangle covers the region of 0° to 45° west longitude and 0° to 30° north latitude on Mars. Mars Pathfinder landed in the Oxia Palus quadrangle at , on July 4, 1997. Crater names in Oxia Palus are a Who's Who for famous scientists. Besides Galilaei and DaVinci, some of the people who discovered the atom and radiation are honored there: Curie, Becquerel, and Rutherford. Mawrth Vallis was strongly considered as a landing site for NASA's next Mars rover, the Mars Science Laboratory. This quadrangle contains abundant evidence for past water in such forms as river valleys, lakes, springs, and chaos areas where water flowed out of the ground. A variety of clay minerals have been found in Oxia Palus. Clay is formed in water, and it is good for preserving microscopic evidence of ancient life. Recently, scientists have found strong evidence for a lake located in the Oxia Palus quadrangle that received drainage from Shalbatana Vallis. The study, carried out with HiRISE images, indicates that water formed a 30-mile-long canyon that opened up into a valley, deposited sediment, and created a delta. This delta and others around the basin imply the existence of a large, long-lived lake. Of special interest is evidence that the lake formed after the warm, wet period was thought to have ended. So, lakes may have been around much longer than previously thought.
Surface appearance.
The Mars Pathfinder found its landing site to contain a great deal of rocks. Analysis shows the area to have a greater density of rocks than 90% of Mars. Some of the rocks leaned against each other in a manner geologists term imbricated. It is believed strong flood waters in the past pushed the rocks around to face away from the flow. Some pebbles were rounded, perhaps from being tumbled in a stream. Some rocks have holes on their surfaces that seem to have been fluted by wind action. Small sand dunes are present. Parts of the ground are crusty, maybe due to cementing by a fluid containing minerals. In general the rocks show a dark gray color with patches of red dust or weathered appearance on their surfaces. Dust covers the lower 5–7 cm of some rocks, so they may have once been buried, but have now become exhumed. Three knobs, one large crater, and two small craters were visible on the horizon.
Types of rocks.
Results of Mars Pathfinder's "Alpha Proton X-ray Spectrometer" indicated that some rocks in the Oxia Palus quadrangle are like Earth's andesites. The discovery of andesites shows that some Martian rocks have been remelted and reprocessed. On Earth, Andesite forms when magma sits in pockets of rock while some of the iron and magnesium settle out. Consequently, the final rock contains less iron and magnesium and more silica. Volcanic rocks are usually classified by comparing the relative amount of alkalis (Na2O and K2O) with the amount of silica (SiO2). Andesite is different from the rocks found in meteorites that have come from Mars.
By the time that final results of the mission were described in a series of articles in the Journal Science (December 5, 1997), it was believed that the rock Yogi contained a coating of dust, but was similar to the rock Barnacle Bill. Calculations suggest that the two rocks contain mostly the minerals orthopyroxene (magnesium-iron silicate), feldspars (aluminum silicates of potassium, sodium, and calcium), quartz (silicon dioxide), with smaller amounts of magnetite, ilmenite, iron sulfide, and calcium phosphate.
Other results from Pathfinder.
By taking multiple images of the sky at different distances form the sun, scientists were able to determine that size of the particles in the pink haze was about 1 micrometer in radius. The color of some soils was similar to that of an iron oxyhydroxide phase which would support a warmer and wetter climate in the past. Pathfinder carried a series of magnets to examine the magnetic component of the dust. Eventually, all but one of the magnets developed a coating of dust. Since the weakest magnet did not attract any soil, it was concluded that the airborne dust did not contain pure magnetite or one type of maghemite. The dust probably was an aggregate possible cemented with ferric oxide (Fe2O3).
Winds were usually less than 10 m/s. Dust devils were detected in the early afternoon. The sky had a pink color. There was evidence of clouds and maybe fog.
River valleys and chaos.
Many large, ancient river valleys are found in this area; along with collapsed features, called Chaos. The Chaotic features may have collapsed when water came out of the surface. Martian rivers begin with a Chaos region. A chaotic region can be recognized by a rat's nest of mesas, buttes, and hills, chopped through with valleys which in places look almost patterned. Some parts of this chaotic area have not collapsed completely—they are still formed into large mesas, so they may still contain water ice. Chaotic terrain occurs in numerous locations on Mars, and always gives the strong impression that something abruptly disturbed the ground. More information and more examples of chaos can be found at Chaos terrain. Chaos regions formed long ago. By counting craters (more craters in any given area means an older surface) and by studying the valleys' relations with other geological features, scientists have concluded the channels formed 2.0 to 3.8 billion years ago.
One generally accepted view for the formation of large outflow channels is that they were formed by catastrophic floods of water released from giant groundwater reservoirs. Perhaps, the water started to come out of the ground due to faulting or volcanic activity. Sometimes hot magma just travels under the surface. If that is the case, the ground will be heated, but there may be no evidence of lava at the surface. After water escapes, the surface collapses. Moving across the surface, the water would have simultaneously froze and evaporated. Chunks of ice that would have rapidly formed may have enhanced the erosive power of the flood. Furthermore, the water may have frozen over at the surface, but continuing to flow underneath, eroding the ground as it moved along. Rivers in cold climates on the Earth often become ice-covered, yet continue to flow.
Such catastrophic floods have occurred on Earth. One commonly cited example is the Channeled Scabland of Washington State; it was formed by the breakout of water from the Pleistocene Lake Missoula. This region resembles the Martian outflow channels.
Lakes.
Research, published in January 2010, suggests that Mars had lakes, each around 20 km wide, along parts of the equator, in the Oxia Palus quadrangle. Although earlier research showed that Mars had a warm and wet early history that has long since dried up, these lakes existed in the Hesperian Epoch, a much earlier period. Using detailed images from NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, the researchers speculate that there may have been increased volcanic activity, meteorite impacts, or shifts in Mars' orbit during this period to warm Mars' atmosphere enough to melt the abundant ice present in the ground. Volcanoes would have released gases that thickened the atmosphere for a temporary period, trapping more sunlight and making it warm enough for liquid water to exist. In this new study, channels were discovered that connected lake basins near Ares Vallis. When one lake filled up, its waters overflowed the banks and carved the channels to a lower area where another lake formed. These lakes would be another place to look for evidence of present or past life.
Aram Chaos.
Aram Chaos is an ancient impact crater near the Martian equator, close to Ares Vallis. About across, Aram lies in a region called Margaritifer Terra, where many water-carved channels show that floods poured out of the highlands onto the northern lowlands ages ago. The Thermal Emission Imaging System (THEMIS) on the Mars Odyssey orbiter found gray crystalline hematite on the floor of Aram. Hematite is an iron-oxide mineral that can precipitate when ground water circulates through iron-rich rocks, whether at normal temperatures or in hot springs. The floor of Aram contains huge blocks of collapsed, or chaotic, terrain that formed when water or ice was catastrophically removed. Elsewhere on Mars, the release of groundwater produced massive floods that eroded the large channels seen in Ares Vallis and similar outflow valleys. In Aram Chaos, however, the released water stayed mostly within the crater's ramparts, eroding only a small, shallow outlet channel in the eastern wall. Several minerals including hematite, sulfate minerals, and water-altered silicates in Aram suggests that a lake probably once existed within the crater. Because forming hematite requires liquid water, which could not long exist without a thick atmosphere, Mars must have had a much thicker atmosphere at some time in the past, when the hematite was formed.
Layered sediments.
Oxia Palus is an interesting area with many craters showing layered sediments. Such sediments may have been deposited by water, wind, or volcanoes. The thickness of the layers is different in different craters. In Becquerel many layers are about 4 meters thick. In Crommelin crater the layers average 20 meters in thickness. At times, the top layer may be resistant to erosion and will form a feature called a Mensa, the Latin word for table.
The pattern of layers within layers measured in Becquerel crater, suggests that each layer was formed over a period of about 100,000 years. Moreover, every 10 layers can be grouped into larger bundles. So every 10-layer pattern took one-million years to form (100,000 yrs./layer X 10 layers). The 10-layer pattern is repeated at least 10 times that is there are least 10 bundles, each consisting of 10 layers. It is believed that the layers relate to the cycle of changing tilt of Mars.
The tilt of the Earth's axis changes by only a little more than 2 degrees. In contrast Mars's tilt varies by tens of degrees. Today, the tilt (or obliquity) of Mars is low, so the poles are the coldest places on the planet, while the equator is the warmest. This causes gases in the atmosphere, like water and carbon dioxide, to migrate poleward, where they turn into ice. When the obliquity is higher, the poles receive more sunlight, and those materials migrate away. When carbon dioxide moves from the poles, the atmospheric pressure increases, maybe causing a difference in the ability of winds to transport and deposit sand. With more water in the atmosphere, sand grains deposited on the surface may stick and cement together to form layers.
This study was done using stereo topographic maps obtained by processing data from the high-resolution camera onboard NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
Wrinkle ridges.
Many areas of Mars show wrinkles on the surface, called wrinkle ridges. They are elongated and are often found on smooth area of Mars. Because they are wide, gentle topographic highs, they are sometimes hard to see. Although first thought to be caused by lava flows, they are now generally thought to be more likely caused by compressional tectonic forces that cause folding and faulting. A wrinkle ridge is visible in the image to the right of Ares Vallis.
Faults.
A picture below right, taken of layers in Becquerel Crater, shows a straight line that represents a fault. Faults are breaks in rocks where movement has taken place. The movement may be only inches or much more. Faults can be very significant, as the break in the rock is a focus for erosion and, more importantly, can allow fluids containing dissolved minerals to rise, then be deposited. Some of the major ore deposits on Earth are formed by this process.
Springs.
A study of images taken with the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter strongly suggests that hot springs once existed in Vernal Crater, in the Oxia Palus quadrangle. These springs may have provided a long-time location for life. Furthermore, mineral deposits associated with these springs may have preserved traces of Martian life. In Vernal Crater on a dark part of the floor, two light-toned, elliptical structures closely resemble hot springs on the Earth. They have inner and outer halos, with roughly circular depressions. A large number of hills are lined up close to the springs. These are thought to have formed by the movement of fluids along the boundaries of dipping beds. A picture below shows these springs. One of the depressions is visible. The discovery of opaline silica by the Mars Rovers, on the surface also suggests the presence of hot springs. Opaline silica is often deposited in hot springs. Scientists proposed this area should be visited by the Mars Science Laboratory.
Mojave crater.
The crater Mojave, in the Xanthe Terra region, has alluvial fans that look remarkably similar to landforms in the Mojave Desert in the American southwest. As on Earth, the largest rocks are near the mouths of the fans. Because channels start at the tops of ridges, it is believed they were formed by heavy downpours. Researchers have suggested that the rain may have been initiated by impacts.
Mojave is approximately deep. Its depth relative to its diameter and its ray system are indications it is very young. Crater counts of its ejecta blanket give an age of about 3 million years. It is considered the most recent crater of its size on Mars, and has been identified as the probable source of the shergottite meteorites collected on Earth.
Other craters.
Impact craters generally have rims with ejecta around them; in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed onto the surface. Hence, craters can show what lies deep under the surface.
Vallis.
Vallis (plural "valles") is the Latin word for "valley". It is used in planetary geology for the naming of landform features on other planets.
"Vallis" was used for old river valleys that were discovered on Mars, when probes were first sent to Mars. The Viking Orbiters caused a revolution in our ideas about water on Mars; huge river valleys were found in many areas. Spacecraft cameras showed that floods of water broke through dams, carved deep valleys, eroded grooves into bedrock, and traveled thousands of kilometers.

</doc>
<doc id="21550280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550280" title="Sócrates Nolasco">
Sócrates Nolasco

Arístides Sócrates Henríquez Nolasco was a writer from the Dominican Republic. He was born in what is now Enriquillo in Barahona Province on March 20, 1884, and died in Santo Domingo on July 2, 1980. The parents of Sócrates Nolasco (as he is usually called) were Juliana Nolasco and Manuel Henríquez y Carvajal. Some of his formative years, from 1906 to 1913, were spent in Cuba, in the city of Santiago de Cuba, and he later returned to that nearby country, to Havana, living there from 1951 to 1954.
Nolasco was a relatively prolific writer, and helped develop a body of work related to the Dominican Republic. His works have been compiled into three volumes, dealing with his stories, historical essays, and literary essays.

</doc>
<doc id="21550281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550281" title="Cleophas Lunga">
Cleophas Lunga

Cleophas Lunga is the Anglican Bishop of Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo in 1966. He was educated in Roman Catholic schools and was temporarily employed by the Catholic Church but joined the local Anglican Church in 1986. He worked as a clerk in a legal office for three years before pursuing theological studies at "Bishop Gaul Theological College, Harare". He was ordained Deacon in 1993 and posted to St Andrew's in Bulawayo. 
The following year he was made a priest and assigned to the Cathedral in Bulawayo as assistant priest and Diocesan youth chaplain.
In 1999 he was appointed rector of All Saints and St Modwen in what was a multi-racial parish in the same city.
In 2003, he accepted a post as team vicar for St Catherine's United Kingdom, the job evolved and he became Team Vicar with special responsibility for Holy Cross and St Michael's, within the Caludon Team Ministry.
Since his time in Coventry Cleophas has undertaken post-graduate study at Coventry University, attaining an MA focusing on Peace and Reconciliation.
He was enthroned Bishop of Matabeleland on 1 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21550283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550283" title="Våre demoner">
Våre demoner

Våre demoner () is the fifth studio album by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra. Recorded during early 2009, it was released in limited quantities on 27 April 2009. Unlike their four previous albums, the material on "Våre demoner" consists of re-recorded versions of old material that was never released officially for various reasons. The album's liner notes contain information about how the lyrics relate to one another within the "universe" of the band's songs as well as lyrics.
Background.
After the release of "Maskineri" in 2008, the band toured throughout Europe during fall of that year, playing songs that they had either dropped from their usual setlists a long time prior or had never really been played much at all. During this period, rumours began circulating that the band were going to record some of their unrecorded material.
The rumours intensified when, at the beginning of 2009, the band had been spotted in a recording studio in Jæren, Stavanger, Norway. After meticulous speculation on the part of the band's fans, information about the album was released on February 14, with a complete tracklist being released.
Overview.
Janove Ottesen has stated that the songs are diverse in origin, their styles differ depending on which era they were from. Three of the songs originated during the writing sessions for "Ompa til du dør" ("Gruvene på 16", "Prosessen", "Stormfull vals"), three during the "Evig pint" period ("Kavalér", "Sonny", "Die Polizei"), four from "Maestro" ("Medisin og psykiatri", "Våre demoner", "Señor Torpedo", "Fanden hakk i hel"), and two from "Maskineri" ("Den sjette sansen", "Under månen").
The band stressed that although all of the songs were recorded on demos, this would not be a collection of "B-sides", but rather new recordings of old material. Several songs from the album had already been heard by fans, such as "Die Polizei", "Medisin og psykiatri" and "Den sjette sansen" which they have played live on several occasions, as well as "Våre demoner" and "Stormfull vals", of which some early demos were leaked. The remainder of the album's tracks were never heard by the public. They recorded the album in more or less one take, recording it as a band and then editing in orchestrated strings, banjo, brass and guest musicians afterwards.
Promotion and release.
Shortly after information about the album came to light, the first single, "Die Polizei", was announced. To promote the new single, the band performed the new version of the song at Cafeteateret in Oslo. This performance was recorded and scheduled to be aired on national TV, but it was eventually cut from the programming due to unknown reasons. The video was later released online. The single was released in the iTunes Store and several other musical stores on 25 March 2009.
On 2 April it was revealed that the various releases of the album would be limited, and that both the vinyl and CD releases would be withdrawn from the market after seven days. On 20 April, as part of a marketing campaign with Platekompaniet, the band released preview versions of two tracks from the album each day, until the day of its release.
On 8 April the band released a half-hour long documentary chronicling the history and recording sessions of "Die Polizei", directed by Geir Zahl, one of the band's guitarists and founders.
A week after its release, "Våre demoner" assumed the number one spot in official Norwegian album charts and "Under månen", a downloadable bonus track, entered the national Top 20 Singles charts at the twentieth spot.
Track listing.
All songs written by Janove Ottesen unless otherwise noted. The lyrics are in Norwegian with only some phrases in English.

</doc>
<doc id="21550285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550285" title="Dümmer See">
Dümmer See

Dümmer See is a lake in Nordwestmecklenburg and Ludwigslust-Parchim, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 45.5 m, its surface area is 1.59 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21550287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550287" title="Passader See">
Passader See

Passader See is a lake in Eastern Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of 18,8 m, its surface area is 2.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21550294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550294" title="Yoshiaki Maruyama">
Yoshiaki Maruyama

Maruyama previously played for Yokohama F. Marinos, Albirex Niigata and Vegalta Sendai in the J. League Division 1 and Chonburi FC in the Thai Premier League.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="21550314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550314" title="Aru Territory">
Aru Territory

Aru is a territory in Ituri District, Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the name of the territory's administrative capital, Aru Town. The territory is located at the northern edge of the province, on the border with Uganda to the east and South Sudan to the north.
During the 1998-2006 war in DRC, Aru was the base of the Ituri militia FAPC headed by Jerome Kakwavu. While the war had a severe impact on the region, Aru was spared the atrocities that ravaged the rest of Ituri district. This was, in part, due to the territory's diversity of tribes who had been accustomed to living peacefully together.
While Aru Town is the administrative capital of the territory, Ariwara is its economic hub where businesspeople from DRC, Southern Sudan and Uganda meet to trade cows, manufactured goods and other products.
Aru has a small airport but no public electricity grid, although UNHCR was up until recently supplying electricity to Aru Town using electric generators. The UN Mission in DR Congo, MONUC, maintained a base of operations in Aru in the later stages of the war to assist with the conduct of elections in the area. The operation was successful with over 85% of voters registering and voting; no serious incidents were registered in the territory.
Politics.
Aru Territory is represented in the National Assembly by five deputies:

</doc>
<doc id="21550315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550315" title="Proper name mark">
Proper name mark

In Chinese writing, a proper name mark (Simplified Chinese: 专名号, zhuānmínghào; Traditional Chinese: 專名號) is an underline used to mark proper names, such as the names of people, places, dynasties, organizations. The related book name mark (Simplified Chinese: 书名号, shūmínghào; Traditional Chinese: 書名號)， indicated by a wavy underline (﹏﹏) is used to mark the titles of publications or texts. 
The proper name mark is rarely used in modern Chinese publications, and the Guillemet (《 》or〈 〉) is more commonly used to indicate titles. It is occasionally used in Taiwan and Hong Kong in school textbooks. However, in scholarly editions of classical Chinese texts, especially vertically typeset texts (where they appear to the left of the text instead of underneath), use of both the proper name mark and the book name mark is common, as they help readers avoid misinterpretations of the text.
For example:
<ins>屈原</ins>放逐，乃賦。<ins>左丘</ins>失明，厥有。（司馬遷 《報任安書》）
Qu Yuan was exiled, and thus composed the "Li Sao". Zuo Qiu (or Zuoqiu) lost his sight, hence there is the "Guo Yu". (Sima Qian, "Letter to Ren'an") 
to technical limitations, the wavy underline book title mark is represented here with double underline.
Or, using CSS3:
<ins>屈原</ins>放逐，乃賦離騒。<ins>左丘</ins>失明，厥有國語。
Also, consider the sentence "I come from Germany". In Chinese, using the proper name mark, it would be rendered as "。" (Pinyin: Wǒ láizì Déguó.) The name of the country, in this case Germany, is underlined.
This method of recognizing proper names in text is similar to the English use of a capital letter in proper nouns.

</doc>
<doc id="21550318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550318" title="Ulu Cami (Adana)">
Ulu Cami (Adana)

Ulu Cami () külliye, enclosed within a high wall in the old town, stands to be the most interesting medieval structure of Adana, with the mosque, madrasah and türbe. It is located on Kızılay street, next to Ramazanoğlu Hall.
History.
The construction of Ulu Cami started in 1513 by Ramazanoğlu Halil Bey. It was completed by his successor, his son, Piri Mehmet Paşa and opened to service in 1541. Until the construction of Sabancı Merkez Camii, Ulu Cami kept the title to be the largest mosque of Adana for 450 years.It was damaged in 1998 Adana-Ceyhan earthquake and closed to service immediately after. Its restoration is carried by the General Directorate of the Foundations (Vakıflar Genel Müdürlüğü) from 1998 to 2004 and it was re-opened to service in 2004.
The mosque.
The building carries features of Mamluk, Seljuk and the Ottoman architecture, as understood from its three inscriptions. As the west entrance of the main building resembles difference from the part that was built by Ramazanoğlu Halil Bey and the construction technique being from the earlier centuries, it is possible to date back the history of the building. The stalactite conical roof that rises step by step above the entrance has the features of Seljukid architecture. This gives an indication that Ramadanids, who were a small beylik (emirate) in the early 16th century, built a small masjid first, but then built the main building beside it, when the beylik expanded and the masjid could not meet the needs.
Ulu Cami, as a whole, has the dimensions of 34.5 x 32.5 m, a rectangle that is close to a square. The entrance to the courtyard is through the two large gates on the west and the east. Besides the main praying area, part of the courtyard is covered with wooden roof and thus serves as a final congregation area to accommodate a larger community and also to create an outdoor area for praying in summers. At the east side of the court entrance and at the side of the main hall, the black and white marble panels adds color to the view. The outline of the semi-sharp arches are decorated with stalaktite and flower motif. 
The main praying hall, that is seated on the width of the rectangular plan, forms two nave with the four columns that are situated parallel to the qibla wall and the columns are tied to each other with semi-sharp arches. The mosques is famous with the mihrab that is framed with black marbles and especially with the 16th and 17th century Iznik tilings that cover the qibla walls.
Its minaret is a unique sample with the Mamluk effects it bears and with its orthogonal plan scheme. On the exterior of the minaret, stones of two different colors are used.
Madrasah.
Madrasah of Ulu Camii is on the east of the mosque and noted in the ancient records as the 'Old Madrasah'.
The madrasah, with the simple and clear stonework, and with the fountain built on 8-column pyramidal roof fountain, has a spacious look. Because of a little masjid squeezed on its northwest corner and an unrelated building placed beside, it does not provide a well-planned and a monumental view. 
There are dervish cells on the east, west and south side of the nearly square courtyard, that has a side dimension of 23m. On the northside of the courtyard there is the divanhane (main classroom) covered with back to back two domes. The outer length of the madrasah from east to west is 32.8m.
The west gate, built higher than the cells, has a simple architecture and leads to the courtyard through a short hallway with a cradle vault. The two cells on the south side of the entrance are thought to be the kitchen of the madrasah, now used as toilet. The smaller cell, like all the other dervish cells on the qibla wing, has a crenel window, fireplace and cabinet niche and has the dimensions of 3x3.85m. On the other hand, the qibla cells are smaller than the cells on the west side and have a square plan (2.7x2.7).
At the east wing, except the ones at the corner, the cells have the same width with the cells on the south wing. Like the others, the cells are covered with cradle vaults from inside and with grooved bricks outside. There are two extra niche on the corner cell and one extra on the third and fifth cells from south. At the cells on the qibla wing, there are two windows that face the courtyard and the street.
The most interesting part of the madrasah is the classroom which is made up of two lined up domes with sharp arches and pendentive. The classroom has outer dimensions of 9x11.9m. Although the classrooms at the Turkish madrasah of Seljuk era and after were built with vault or as a single hall with a dome, the reason that it was built in rectangle shape with two lined up domes at this madrasah can be explained in terms of reducing the effects of the hot weather. The rims of the domes are not high. White and red stones were used in sequence on the front sharp arch of the hall.
Rear walls at the east wing, chimney and the north part of the classroom is made of brick, the rest of the madrasah is made of white hewn stone. Although the inner walls of the cells are coated with plaster, the outer surfaces are not.
The design of the classroom as a back to back two domed space and the U-shape line up of the dervish cells around the courtyard distinguishes the Ulu Cami madrasah from Seljukid and Ottoman madrasah. Being the oldest among the Ramazanoğlu madrasah, another distinctive feature, similar to Yağ Camii madrasah, is the stone walls of the classroom front and the brick walls of the rear. The geometric decorations on the west window of the classroom is exactly the same as the geometric decorations of the arches at the entrance of the mosque.
Ornamentation.
The portal niche of the madrasah is decorated with a beveled molding which make a knot on a pillar and keystone on both sides. The surrounding of the inscription is decorated with palmets (fan shaped glyph) and small badges. The second of the two rectangular windows on the east and the west walls of the hall is framed with geometrically patterned molding that forms with the intersection of thread line with checker and six-armed stars that have flower with six leaves at the center. Ornaments of the window on the east wall is not completed.
Inscription and Chronogram.
The only inscription of the madrasah is written in two lines thuluth calligraphy on the crown gate. Inscription is;
"This holy madrasah was built by the son of Halil Bey, Piri, in need of Allah's mercy, on the year nine forty seven, in the middle of the month of Muharram, during the reign of the greatest and the most eminent Shah Sultan Süleyman - Allah last his estate - for the sake of Allah."
As indicated clearly on the inscription, the madrasah was completed in May, 1540. Although the builder of the madrasah is known as Ramazanoğlu Piri Pasha, the architect is unknown.
Türbe of Ramadanids.
Türbe () of Ramadanids, with its tall rims and tall dome giving grandeur to it, hosts sarcophagi of Halil Bey and the sons of Piri Paşa, Mehmet Bey and Mustafa Bey. The walls of the türbe are covered with tilings.
Ulu Cami Türbesi, unlike most Seljukid türbes, is built east of the mosque and although situated next to the mosque, is not integrated to it. The structure covers an area of 5.5 × 6.1 meters. Türbe is composed of a dome covered upper section containing sarcopahi and an entrance section covered with a cross vault. The entrance section is connected to the mosque with an intermediate door and to türbe with another door.
There is a window on the east wall. Further north, the shed, that is built on "mukarnas" headed four columns, is covered with a wooden roof resulting from the cradle vault perpendicularly cutting the half-transverse vault.
The sharp dome of the türbe with a polygon rim and the triangle inference is similar to the dome at the mosque's mihrab front. Window with a coloured glass is placed on each of its 12 edges and unlike the mihrab's front dome, black stone is not used.
Türbe walls are thick as the walls of the mosque (1.1 m), the difference from the mosque's qibla walls is the yellowish stones. It is also distinctive with being built completely by the fine shaped stones, unlike the mosque walls, which are built with rough stones in the middle and fine shaped stones surrounding. This indicates that the mosque and the türbe were built with a 3–5 year gap.
The sarcophagi are covered with 16th century tilings. On the front side of the sarcophagi there are inscriptions on the tilings. The inscriptions being written in the same type shows that they are all written after March 1552.
Other than the Ulu Cami Türbesi and the Yeşil Türbe in Bursa, there is no other sample of a türbe that is covered with tilings. Türbes are usually built this way in Central Asia, thus the Ulu Cami Türbesi is reminiscent of the Central Asian türbes.
"Türbe outside the Külliye"
There is also a türbe south of the mosque that stands as an independent structure. It is a hexagon, covered with high domes. Since there are no inscriptions on the sarcophagi inside the türbe, the people staying there and the date it was built are unknown. As it is only 2 meters away from the türbe of Ulucamii, it is thought that the sarcophagi belong to members of Ramadanid family. The türbe is built in baroque style, thus indicating that it was built towards the end of the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21550326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550326" title="Fairfield Greenwich Group">
Fairfield Greenwich Group

Fairfield Greenwich Group is an investment firm founded in 1983 in New York City. The firm had among the largest exposures to the Bernard Madoff fraud.
History of the Firm.
The firm was founded in 1983 by Walter M. Noel, Jr. (born 1930 in Alabama and raised in Kenmore, New York). At one time, the firm operated from Noel's adopted hometown in Greenwich, Connecticut, before relocating its headquarters to New York City.
In 1989, Noel merged his business with a small brokerage firm whose general partner was Jeffrey Tucker, who had worked as a lawyer in the enforcement division of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Both Noel and Tucker are semi-retired.
Fairfield offered feeder funds of single-strategy trading managers. Fairfield also started several fund of funds, each investing in a basket of hedge funds, though the offering of feeder funds has been the primary business of Fairfield. It described its investigation of investment options as “deeper and broader” than competitive firms because of Tucker’s regulatory experience.
Fairfield Greenwich's website says it "employs a significantly higher level of due diligence work than typically performed by most fund of funds and consulting firms." It is an employee-owned firm with 140 employees, 21 of whom are shareholders. At one time, it reported $16 billion in assets under management.
It is reported that foreign investors provided 95% of its managed assets, 68% from Europe, 6% from Asia, and 4% from the Middle East. Each of Noel's four daughters married into international families.
In 2008, Fairfield Greenwich reported more than $14 billion in assets under management.
Founding Partners.
Walter Noel and Family.
Presently, Walter Noel has a 17% ownership interest.
Noel had previously been a private banker in Lausanne, Switzerland, then worked at Citigroup before becoming the head of Chemical Bank's international private banking practice in Nigeria, Switzerland, and Brazil.
Noel met his Brazilian-born wife, Monica Haegler, who hailed from a prominent Swiss family, while she was studying at Wellesley College. They have five daughters and 19 grandchildren. Their daughters married into families that provided additional connections for the firm and helped funnel money into Madoff's fund.
The eldest daughter, Corina, married Colombian Andrés Piedrahita in 1989; she lives in Madrid, London and Manhattan. Lisina, who lives in Milan, married Yanko Della Schiava, the son of the editor of "Cosmopolitan" in Italy and of the editor of "Harper’s Bazaar" in Italy and France. Ariane, who married Florence-born Marco Sodi, head of VSS's London-based affiliate, Veronis Suhler Stevenson International, and a partner and managing member of Veronis Suhler Stevenson Funds, lives in Notting Hill, London. Alix, who married Philip J. Toub, the son of a director of the Saronic Shipping Company in Lausanne, Switzerland, lives in Greenwich. Marisa, who married Matthew Brown, an asset manager and the son of a former mayor of San Marino, California, lives in Manhattan. Marisa was forced to sell that couple's townhouse after the Madoff revelations.
Three of Noel’s sons-in-law eventually became partners, promoting the firm’s funds in their home countries and other regions, and funneled money into Bernie Madoff's funds. Piedrahita was named a Fairfield founding partner in 2007; he owns 22 percent and became one of the firm’s dominant representatives of European and Latin American banking and investment. Della Schiava helmed Noel funds in Madrid and Lugano, Switzerland. Toub was the “agent” for the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, the Safra National Bank of New York, and the National Bank of Kuwait. Monica Noel's niece, Bianca Haegler, a well-known Brazilian socialite, and her father, Alex, reportedly steered Brazilian investors to the firm,
Jeffrey Tucker.
Jeffrey Tucker also had a 17% interest in the firm. Though he is not as prominent as the Noels, Tucker benefited from Fairfield’s success. In 2007, Tucker, chairman of Empire Racing, led the group of thoroughbred investors, who sought to bid for New York State’s horse-racing franchise.
Joint venture.
In 2004, the firm formed a partnership with Lion Capital of Singapore, now Lion Global Investors, and created Lion Fairfield Capital Management, a joint venture meant to introduce Asian investors to the firm. Richard Landsberger, a Fairfield partner, is director.
Merger.
In September 2008, Banque Bénédict Hentsch, a private Swiss bank, managing $2 billion in assets, merged with Fairfield Greenwich Group, intending to yield $18 billion venture in combined assets. Bénédict Hentsch, founder and chairman of the board of directors, stated that clients would gain access to Fairfield Greenwich's funds, while Fairfield Greenwich clients would be able to access BBH's wealth management services. Bénédict Hentsch and Robert Pennone became directors of Fairfield Greenwich Group, and Charles Murphy and Mark McKeefry joined the board of Banque Bénédict Hentsch Fairfield Partners SA.
In mid-December 2008, it terminated the merger due to the Madoff crisis. It had $47.5 million of client assets at risk with Madoff.
The founding shareholders of the bank have terminated their partnership with the Fairfield Greenwich Group. They have concluded an agreement with the latter whereby they have repurchased the total capital of the bank ... Banque Bénédict Hentsch have immediately taken all appropriate steps in order to protect the interests of its clients and those of the bank.
Relationship with Bernard Madoff.
Noel, a graduate of Vanderbilt University and Harvard Law School, and Tucker were introduced to Madoff in 1989 by Tucker’s father-in-law, from Scarsdale, New York, who knew Madoff and had invested with him.
In 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission, as part of an investigation into Madoff's activities, determined that Fairfield Greenwich had not properly disclosed that Madoff oversaw its investment decisions, though no evidence of fraud was found. Subsequently, Fairfield Greenwich formally disclosed Madoff's role – and in the process raised about $1.7 billion from investors in the US and Europe.
During the summer of 2007, several private-equity firms were discussing taking a large investment in the firm, but Madoff ended any potential deal by refusing to grant the potential investors access for due diligence.
By 2008, the firm had 48 percent of its capital tied to Madoff.
Fairfield Sentry Fund.
Noel and Tucker created the Fairfield Sentry fund in 1990 with $1 million in "seed money" and began expanding it a year later. At the time, Noel and Tucker said Madoff provided more information and transparency than most hedge funds, and operated a reputable Wall Street firm.
The Fairfield Sentry fund required a $100,000 minimum investment, and was billed as a way to tap Madoff's trading expertise using "algorithmic technology" while Fairfield with due diligence conducted "systematic investment compliance". It had more than $7 billion invested with Madoff, and became one of his largest victims. It was Fairfield's signature fund, one of several feeder funds through which money from wealthy foreign investors could capitalize on Madoff’s supposed investment acumen. Its marketing prospectus promised low volatility and steady returns, and boasted 11 percent annual return over the prior 15 years, with only 13 losing months, a record that grew increasingly desirable over recent years of volatility. The fund was backed by loans from banks including Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria and Nomura Holdings, which invested about $304 million.
The Mugrabis, extremely wealthy art collectors from Colombia who have lived in New York for more than 20 years, and long-time friends of Piedrahita (a Colombian who had married Mr. Noel’s eldest daughter, Corina), were investors.
"We had very little money with the fund — just under a million dollars — so I am not that upset personally," said Alberto Mugrabi, a son of the family patriarch. "It was a very informal thing. We know Andrés (Piedrahita) since forever, from Bogotá, he’s a great guy, and he says to us, ‘This is the Madoff thing, he’s the master.’ I trusted Andrés. I still trust him."
In early 2005, The Abu Dhabi Investment Authority invested approximately $400 million. After redemptions in 2005 and 2006, it continued to $132 million, 2% of the funds assets. One of the largest of the world’s sovereign wealth funds, its assets were estimated in early 2008 to be approaching $700 billion.
In August 2008, JPMorgan Chase pulled $250 million from this Madoff feeder fund account. Chase had become "concerned about lack of transparency", and had performed due diligence which had "raised doubts" about Madoff's operation.
The firm set up feeder programs with such banks as Banco Santander, SA private banking unit, Banif, Swedish Bank Nordea, Zurich-based NPB Neue Privat Bank, Banque Benedict Hentsch, and Cie of Geneva, all conduits of fresh money to Madoff which extended his global reach.
Fees.
Fairfield's fee arrangement earned them approximately $400 million from 2005–08. The firm charged clients larger fees than most similar firms did, including a 20% share of profits on investments, about double what competitors charge that farm out clients' money to a variety of fund managers. In October 2004, it also began collecting a 1% fee on assets under management.
Madoff didn't charge additional fees, rather a commission on trades he allegedly executed. This arrangement raised suspicions and doubt among other money managers.
Massachusetts regulators alleged that in 2007, Tucker earned more than $30 million in fees from Madoff, and that even in down markets Madoff helped Fairfield earn steady returns.
New funds in 2008.
As recently as December 11, 2008, the day Madoff was taken into federal custody, Madoff was working with Fairfield Greenwich to raise money for new funds, which promised about a 16% return, using more leverage than the 3–1 ratios he claimed he used in existing funds. It has been reported by one client that Fairfield warned investors they would be excluded from any future Madoff product if they declined to participate in the new fund and/or withdrew from any existing funds.
Aftermath of Madoff's confession.
Lawsuits.
Investor Lawsuits.
Fairfield Greenwich is a defendant in a class action which seeks to recoup losses resulting from Fairfield Greenwich funds' investments with Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities. The class action is a result of the consolidation of multiple cases filed in federal and state court against Fairfield Greenwich. On September 29, 2009, a second amended consolidated complaint was filed. The complaint also names as defendants the placement agent for the funds; Citco, the administrator and sub-custodian of the funds; and PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the funds. The complaint alleges fraud, violations of Rule 10b-5, violations of Section 20(a), negligent misrepresentation, gross negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, third-party beneficiary breach of contract, constructive trust, mutual mistake, negligence, negligent misrepresentation, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting fraud, and unjust enrichment.
Fairfield is also a defendant in a lawsuit filed in Miami against PricewaterhouseCoopers Ireland by investors in a fund marketed by defendant Banco Santander SA, Europe's second-largest bank by market value, which lost an estimated $3 billion.
Massachusetts action.
On April 1, 2009, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts filed a civil action charging Fairfield Greenwich with fraud, breaching its fiduciary duty to clients by failing to provide promised due diligence on its investments. The complaint sought a fine and restitution to Massachusetts investors for losses and disgorgement of performance fees paid to Fairfield by those investors. It alleges that in 2005 Madoff coached Fairfield staff about ways to answer questions from SEC attorneys who were looking into Harry Markopolos' complaint about Madoff's operations.
Other lawsuits and investigations.
On April 13, 2009, a Connecticut judge dissolved a temporary asset freeze from March 30, 2009, and issued an order for Walter Noel to post property pledges of $10 million against his Greenwich home and $2 million against Jeffrey Tucker's.
On May 18, 2009, Irving Picard sued Fairfield Greenwich Group seeking the return of $3.2 billion during the period from 2002 to Madoff's arrest in December 2008. $1.2 billion was withdrawn in the final three months of the fraud. Since 1995, the Fairfield funds invested about $4.5 billion with Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC, or BLMIS, through 242 wire transfers. The funds are Fairfield Sentry Ltd., Greenwich Sentry LP, and Greenwich Sentry Partners LP. However, the money may already be in the hands of Fairfield’s own clients, who are likely off-limits to Picard, since they weren’t direct investors with Madoff.
On May 29, 2009, Fairfield Sentry, based in the British Virgin Islands, filed a complaint filed in New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan seeking to recover more than $919 million in investment management and performance fees that it paid to Fairfield, based upon “inflated net asset value reports of its investments with Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC... The Fairfield entity defendants recklessly disregarded their duties as the fund’s risk and investment adviser and their actions and inactions constitute gross negligence.” The lawsuit alleges breach of fiduciary duty, and unjust enrichment. It is “the largest victim of the fraud perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff,” losing $7 billion.
The defendants include founders Noel and Tucker and other fund partners who the plaintiffs allege “failed to fulfill their contractual obligations to use best efforts to supervise the operations” of Madoff-related investments and to “oversee the day-to-day investment activities of the fund.” The case is Fairfield Sentry Ltd. v. Fairfield Greenwich Group, 601687/2009, New York State Supreme Court (Manhattan).
On July 20, 2009, Justice Edward Alexander Bannister granted the request to liquidate the Fairfield Sentry funds, worth more than $7.2 billion in December 2008, now less than $70 million, incorporated in 1990 under the mutual fund statutes of the British Virgin Islands and technically under the control of their local directors.
Spanish anticorruption prosecutors are investigating Fairfield Greenwich as well as Piedrahita to determine what they knew about Madoff's fraudulent funds when they sold them to Spanish clients. According to Fairfield's offices in Spain, Spanish investments totaled $89.1 million.
On November 19, 2010, both Greenwich Sentry, L.P. and Greenwich Sentry Partners, L.P. voluntarily filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in New York. Court filings blamed the bankruptcy filings on the cost of the Madoff-related litigation and asserted a goal of reaching a global settlement of the litigation for the bankruptcy cases.
Allegations of auditor shopping.
On February 4, 2009, Madoff whistleblower Harry Markopolos testified before Congress. In his prepared statement, on page 20, he discussed Fairfield Greenwich's accounting practices regarding its choice of auditors and accused it of frequently switching them, or "auditor shopping." However, Markopolos did not distinguish between separate auditors for separate funds within Fairfield Greenwich, which did not actually change as he alleged.
Effects on executives and other employees.
Noel and Tucker sold a one-sixteenth shared interest in a Cessna 560XL private jet, purchased in late 2006. Tucker wants to sell his three horse farms, Stone Bridge Farms, in Schuylerville and Gansevoort, NY, which he bought in 2004 for $18 million. They each include furnished homes. Most of his horses have been sold.
Tucker's wife Melanie, an avid bridge player, was accustomed to using her husband's jet to fly herself, and the bridge pros hired to play on her team, to bridge tournaments across the country. She now has postponed attending tournaments requiring air travel.
Executive Charles Murphy initially offered for sale his 1882, limestone townhouse, located at 7 East 67th Street, Lenox Hill, Manhattan, but as of December 2009, the home was no longer listed. He bought the residence from Seagram liquor heir Matthew Bronfman in 2007 for $33 million.
Matthew Brown and his wife, Marisa Noel Brown, were forced to sell their Upper East Side townhouse at 12 East 78th Street for $9.75 million, $3.75 million less than what they had paid in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21550342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550342" title="Abdelkarim Tabbal">
Abdelkarim Tabbal

Abdelkarim Tabbal (born 1931 in Chefchaouen, Morocco) is a Moroccan poet. 
Tabbal first published his poems in 1952 in the magazine "Al-Anis". His poems are distinguishable for their use of rhyme and metaphor, giving a musical character to the poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="21550347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550347" title="Greatest Hits (Sonia album)">
Greatest Hits (Sonia album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Sonia, released in 2007. It was Sonia's first release since her fourth studio album "Love Train - The Philly Album" in 1998. This compilation includes songs from her second studio album "Sonia" (1991) and third studio album "Better the Devil You Know" (1993). No songs from Sonia's first studio album, "Everybody Knows" (which was released on a different record label), are included. Prior to the "Greatest Hits" release, Sonia also recorded the Motown-influenced songs "Dancing In the Driver's Seat" and "Your Heart Or Mine", both written by Barry Upton and Gordon Pogoda, but ultimately the record label chose to include no new songs for the album, so these recordings remain unreleased.
Barry Upton also co-wrote Sonia's top 10 hit "Only Fools (Never Fall in Love)". The original recording of "Dancing in the Driver's Seat" (by Inspiration), however, was released in the Academy Award winning film "Little Miss Sunshine", and can be found on the digital album "Gordon Pogoda Songs From Film & TV". The song is in a similar vein to other Sonia recordings such as "Only Fools (Never Fall in Love)" and "Be Young, Be Foolish, Be Happy".

</doc>
<doc id="21550376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550376" title="Mirani, Queensland">
Mirani, Queensland

Mirani is a town in the state of Queensland, Australia. At the 2006 census, Mirani had a population of 813.
History.
Mirani Post Office opened by 1890 (a receiving office had been open from 1885).
Heritage listings.
Mirani has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21550409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550409" title="USS Bouker No. 2 (SP-1275)">
USS Bouker No. 2 (SP-1275)

USS "Bouker No. 2" (SP-1275), later YT-30, was a tug that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1921.
"Bouker No. 2" was built as the commercial tug SS "Robert Rogers" in 1904 at Tottenville, Staten Island, New York, by A. C. Brown and Sons. She was owned by the Bouker Towing Company and had been renamed SS "Bouker No. 2" by the time the 3rd Naval District inspected her for possible World War I service as a minesweeper. The U.S. Navy acquired her on 14 December 1917 and commissioned her as USS "Bouker No. 2" (SP-1275).
Assigned to the 5th Naval District, "Bouker No. 2" operated as a district craft, towing in the Hampton Roads, Virginia, area until the spring of 1921. When the U.S. Navy instituted an alphanumeric hull number classification system for its ships in mid-1920, she received the hull number YT-30 on 17 July 1920.
"Bouker No. 2" was ordered inspected for sale on 23 April 1921, but was withdrawn from the sale list in July 1921. Instead, she was transferred to the City of Norfolk, Virginia, in August 1921 for use as a fireboat.
Less than a year later, the Norfolk city government decided that it could not use "Bouker No. 2" "for fire purposes" and returned her to the Navy at the Norfolk Navy Yard at Portsmouth, Virginia, on 15 June 1922.
The Navy sold "Bouker No. 2" to the New York Marine Company of New York City on 25 July 1922. Her name was struck from the Navy List simultaneously.

</doc>
<doc id="21550418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550418" title="Mahar (Sindhi tribe)">
Mahar (Sindhi tribe)

The Mahar are a Sindhi Muslim Rajput tribe found among both the Seraiki people of South Punjab, Pakistan as well as being found in Sindh, Pakistan.
History.
The tribe claims descent from Mahar, who was a Rajput. In Bahawalpur, they have nine clans: Channar, Hanane, Rukrani, Tagani, Lalani, Make-Mahr, Matuje, Jungeeja and Sukhije.
British historians, such as Sir H Elliot, have identified the tribe with the ancient Meds, a tribe that lived in Sindh at the time of the Umayyad conquest. The chiefs reside at Khanpur Maher in Ghotki District, in Sindh.
The tribe mostly resides in rural sindh .
Homonym Contradictions.
Mahar Tribe living in Sindh, Pakistan is entirely different from the Mahar (Caste-Presently Neo Buddhists) living in Maharashtra, India. Both the Mahar Tribe and Mahar Caste have different origins and historical backgrounds. The Famous and Fierce British Regiment, the Mahar Regiment was constituted by the Mahar (Caste) people living in Maharashtra. The Mahar Regiment is presently functional in India and constitute of soldiers and personnel from different castes and creeds.
References.
http://openlibrary.org/books/OL14009905M/A_glossary_of_the_tribes_and_castes_of_the_Punjab_and_North-West_frontier_province.

</doc>
<doc id="21550427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550427" title="Kilinochchi Electoral District">
Kilinochchi Electoral District

Kilinochchi Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between March 1960 and February 1989. The district was named after the town of Kilinochchi in Kilinochchi District, Northern Province. The district was carved out of the southern part of Chavakacheri Electoral District in March 1960. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Kilinochchi electoral district was replaced by the Jaffna multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Kilinochchi continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
V. Anandasangaree and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Anandasangaree forfeited his seat in Parliament on 22 October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21550440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550440" title="Art History (journal)">
Art History (journal)

Art History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association of Art Historians. The journal was established in 1978. "Art History" provides an international forum for research relating to all aspects of the historical and theological study of painting, sculpture, architecture, design and other areas of visual culture.

</doc>
<doc id="21550471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550471" title="Pehuenchesuchus">
Pehuenchesuchus

Pehuenchesuchus (meaning "Pehuenche crocodile", after the Mapuche name for the region in which it was found) is an extinct genus of sebecosuchian mesoeucrocodylian. It was discovered in rocks of the late Turonian-Coniacian-age Upper Cretaceous Río Neuquén Formation (Neuquén Group, near Rincón de los Sauces, Neuquén, Argentina. "Pehuenchesaurus" was described in 2005 by Alan Turner and Jorge Calvo based on MAU-PV-CRS-440, a nearly complete dentary (the main tooth-bearing bone of the lower jaw). This animal had a narrow, tall lower jaw, and differed from all other sebecosuchians by lacking serrations on its teeth. The first and fourth teeth were the largest, and the first tooth pointed forward slightly. The preserved jaw bone is about long. Turner and Calvo found their new genus to be the basalmost sebecosuchian. The type species is "P. enderi", named for Ender Wiggin, a character in Orson Scott Card's works.

</doc>
<doc id="21550492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550492" title="Atlético Santa Rosa">
Atlético Santa Rosa

Club Atlético Santa Rosa, known simply as Atlético Santa Rosa, is an Argentine football club based in Santa Rosa, La Pampa. The team currently plays in the Liga Cultural de Fútbol de La Pampa, a regional league of Argentina, where has won 10 titles to date.
In 1983, Atlético Santa Rosa qualified to play in the 1983 Campeonato Nacional of the Argentine Primera División. However, the team was eliminated after losing all six of their games. With this being its only season in the Argentine topflight, Atlético is positioned last in the All-time Argentine Primera División table, with 6 games lost (all the ones it played), 4 goals for and 24 against (-20 of goal difference).

</doc>
<doc id="21550517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550517" title="Devil's Anvil">
Devil's Anvil

The Devil's Anvil was a hard rock/psychedelic band based out of New York City in the 1960s. They released one album entitled "Hard Rock from the Middle East" in 1967 showcasing a mix of 1960s hard rock and psychedelic sound with Turkish, Arab and Greek vocals and traditional instrumentals.
Formation.
Instrumental in the band's formation was producer Felix Pappalardi, who helped sign them with Columbia Records.
Album Release and the Six-Day War.
Unfortunately for The Devil's Anvil, their album was released during escalating tensions between Israel and neighboring Arab countries and the Six Day War, or the Arab-Israeli War, in 1967. Subsequently, radio stations would not touch the album because of its controversial sound.
The band also released a rare promo 45 in the same year; and in Israel there was a 4-track EP released.
Track Listings and Composers for "Hard Rock from the Middle East".
1. "Wala Dai", (Traditional)
2. "Nahna Ou Diab"
3. "Karkadon", (Wabbi, Webbi)
4. "Selim Alai", (Traditional)
5. "Isme", (El Atrash)
6. "Besaha", (Radwan, Wabbi)
7. "Shisheler", (Traditional, Turkish)
8. "Kley", (Livaditis, Theodorakis)
9. "Hala Laya" (Traditional)
10. "Treea Pethya" (Traditional)
11. "Misirlou" (Leeds, Roubanis, Russell, Wise)

</doc>
<doc id="21550521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550521" title="Heartbreaker's Hall of Fame">
Heartbreaker's Hall of Fame

"Heartbreaker's Hall of Fame" is the first studio album by American country music singer Sunny Sweeney. It was released in 2007 via Big Machine Records. The album included the singles "If I Could", "Ten Years Pass" and "East Texas Pines", none of which charted.
Content.
"Please Be San Antone" was co-written by Emily Erwin (now known as Emily Robison) of the Dixie Chicks, and was previously recorded by Jim Lauderdale on his 1999 album Onward Through It All. "16th Avenue" was previously a Top 10 for Lacy J. Dalton from her 1982 album of the same name, and "Mama's Opry" by Iris DeMent on her 1992 album Infamous Angel. Sweeney self-penned the title track “Heartbreakers Hall of Fame” and “Slow Swinging Western Tunes” as well as co-wrote “Ten Years Pass” with Elizabeth Mason.
Reception.
The album has received favorable reviews from music critics. Michael Berick, who reviewed the album for Allmusic, gave it four stars out of five, calling it a "a refreshing slice of traditional honky tonk enlivened with a dollop of rock & roll energy[…]She has a strong idea of who she is as a singer and performer, and her instincts are proven correct on this impressive effort." Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a B+ rating, calling it "the kind of roadhouse fare typically tagged 'too country for country'." "Country Standard Time" critic Stuart Munro gave a favorable review as well, noting the mix of material on the album, and describing Sweeney's voice as being "full of sass and syrupy twang."

</doc>
<doc id="21550531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550531" title="2008 NECBL All-Star Game">
2008 NECBL All-Star Game

The 2008 NECBL All-Star Game was the 15th exhibition game between all-stars from the NECBL's Northern and Southern Divisions. The Southern All-Stars held off the Northern All-Stars 5-2. Mike Melillo of the Newport Gulls was named the game's MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="21550534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550534" title="Clifton Incline (Pittsburgh)">
Clifton Incline (Pittsburgh)

The Clifton Incline was an incline on Pittsburgh's North Side designed by Samuel Diescher which was operational from 1895 to 1905. There was reportedly an accident in 1905 "that resulted in the smashing of a nearby house". The base of the incline was at , connecting Sarah Street (now Strauss Street) near the intersection with Myrtle Street (Now the closed Metcalf Street) with Clifton Park at the end of Clifton Street (now Chautauqua Street).

</doc>
<doc id="21550536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550536" title="John Marwick">
John Marwick

John Marwick (3 February 1891 – 17 August 1978) was a New Zealand palaeontologist and geologist. 
Early life and family.
Marwick was born near Oamaru, New Zealand, on 3 February 1891, the son of Hugh Marwick, and his wife, Jane née Cuthbert. While at Waitaki Boys' High School he helped to collect fossil shells and learned the beginnings of how to classify molluscs. He studied and taught at the University of Otago, and in 1912 gained an MA with first-class honours in with a thesis on geology. In 1915, he married Marion Ivy Mary Keys at Mosgiel. They had two sons and two daughters, all becoming science graduates. 
Career.
With the coming of the First World War Marwick joined the New Zealand Medical Corps in 1916, and was posted to Egypt. He served there as a medical orderly in the New Zealand Division, and also in Palestine, Sinai and Jordan. He won the Military Medal, and returned to Egypt, where he remained until 1919. 
In 1920 he became an assistant geologist in the New Zealand Geological Survey. As the only Geological Survey palaeontologist, Marwick named most of the common New Zealand Tertiary fossils, as well as many rarer ones. His work on molluscs were important contributions to understanding the Cenozoic-era connections and environments. He continued work with oil companies in this field after he retired.
From 1937, still in the Geological Survey, Marwick entered into a fifteen year collaboration with Harold Finlay. He persuaded Finlay to shift his focus from molluscs to forams. The result of this collaboration was the integration of Finlay's foram work with Marwick's stratigraphy and mollusc work. They jointly produced a schema of New Zealand Cenozoic rocks that survives to the present almost without modification.
Marwick retired in 1952. He continued to work from home in what became a highly productive period. Apart from his work with oil companies, he took to completion research on turritellid gastropods and New Zealand faunal studies. He made significant contributions to geomorphology and Mesozoic palaeontology, as well as volcanology and stratigraphy. His bibliography contains 124 publications.
John Marwick died at Hastings on 17 August 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21550540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550540" title="The Switch (2010 film)">
The Switch (2010 film)

The Switch is a 2010 American romantic comedy film, directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck. Based on a screenplay written by Allan Loeb, the film, formerly titled "The Baster", was inspired by the short story "Baster" by Jeffrey Eugenides, originally published in "The New Yorker" in 1996. The film stars Jennifer Aniston, Jason Bateman, and child actor Thomas Robinson. Patrick Wilson, Juliette Lewis, and Jeff Goldblum appear in key supporting roles.
Filming began in March 2009, and ended in May 2009. Re-shoots took place in October 2009. The plot, involving artificial insemination by donor, has similarities to "The Back-up Plan", which was filmed at approximately the same time, and followed in the wake of "Baby Mama", which involved surrogacy. Upon release, the comedy garnered generally mixed reviews by critics, who commended its premise and the performances of its cast but felt that the plot was formulaic. "The Switch" was the last Miramax film to be distributed by Disney before the former was sold to Filmyard Holdings on December 3, 2010. 
Plot.
Thirty-something Kassie Larson (Aniston) is single, hasn't found love yet, and decides she wants to have a baby. Despite the objections of her neurotic long-time best friend Wally Mars (Bateman), she chooses to do so alone because she can't wait any longer. She also wants a face-to-face sperm donor, disdaining using a sperm bank. Wally suggests he be the donor, but Kassie sees him as a bit too neurotic, pessimistic, and self-absorbed, and besides, as best friends, "that would be weird." Wally has always had feelings for Kassie, and they dated six years ago, but his friend Leonard (Goldblum) points out he missed his chance when she put him in the "friend zone". 
Kassie selects as sperm donor a handsome and charming (and married) assistant professor, Roland (Wilson). Kassie organizes an "insemination party", where Wally meets Roland and takes an instant dislike to him. Roland is then called upon and produces his sperm in the bathroom, leaving it in a sample cup. Wally uses the bathroom and sees the sample. Drunk and doped up after taking a pill provided him at the party by Kassies's friend, Debbie (Lewis), and not liking the idea of Kassie being inseminated with this sperm, Wally plays with the cup and accidentally spills it into the sink. Panicking, he replaces the sperm with his own. The next day at work, still hungover, he remembers nothing. The insemination is successful. Wally is then upset when Kassie tells him she is returning to her family home in Minnesota, as she thinks that would be a better environment to raise a child in, instead of New York City. She leaves, and Wally maintains a non-fulfilling, dreary existence.
Seven years later, Kassie returns to New York along with precocious-but-neurotic son Sebastian (Robinson). She wants to reconnect with Wally, and is eager to introduce her son to him. After an awkward first meeting, Wally eventually forms a bond with this loveable and seemingly mini-version of himself, and Sebastian starts to become close to Wally, but the bad news is that Roland is in the picture too: Kassie has started dating him because he is now divorced and, as she thinks he is Sebastian's father, and a nice guy, maybe it would work. 
After Wally notices the similarities between himself and Sebastian, and after talking to his friend Leonard, Wally realizes what happened seven years earlier. Just before Roland proposes to Kassie, Wally reveals to Kassie that Sebastian is his son, along with his true feelings for her. She is shocked and angry and does not want to see him again. Some time passes. One day, as he is leaving work, Wally finds Kassie waiting for him on the street outside his office. She tells him Sebastian really misses him and needs him. Wally admits he misses and needs Sebastian too. Kassie then discloses she isn't with Roland any longer, and that she loves him, even with all of his idiosyncrasies. Wally proposes to her, Kassie accepts, and they kiss. The final scene shows a happily married Wally and Kassie throwing Sebastian's eighth birthday party.
Production.
Aniston revealed in the DVD 'extras' that she had known Bateman since she was age 25, and the producers and directors noted their good chemistry in working together. 
Release.
Critical reception.
"The Switch" has received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 51% of critics gave the film a positive rating, based on 147 reviews, with an average score of 5.4/10. Its consensus states ""The Switch" has an interesting premise and a charming cast; unfortunately, it also has a trite script that hews too close to tired rom-com formulas." On Metacritic, which uses a normalized rating system, the film holds a 52/100 rating, based on 30 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Aniston was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Actress for her performance in the film.
Ann Hornaday, writing for the "Washington Post" gave "The Switch" three out of four stars. She wrote that "this disarmingly winning comedy turns into a warm, quirkily observant film, strengthened by some appealing performances and a low-key, easygoing vibe. Less reminiscent of the dreadful comedy "The Back-up Plan" than 2002's lovely "About a Boy", this adaptation of a Jeffrey Eugenides story takes viewers down a path that, while by no means of least resistance, possesses a gratifying share of surprises." "Los Angeles Times" author Betsy Sharkey noted that the film "is what you might call a Bate-and-switch affair. More his journey than hers, more satire than slapstick, the film is that rare example of rom-com about men, which turns out to be a nice switch indeed." She also compared it to About a Boy and Lisa Cholodenko's 2010 film "The Kids Are All Right", adding: "Though the film never quite rises to the level of either, the filmmakers show enough restraint to keep things interesting, Aniston and Bateman keep things both light and dark when they should, and Robinson's Sebastian steals everyone's heart." 
Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" remarked that while "Jennifer Aniston gets top billing, the character played by Jason Bateman sets the tone." He found that "around the halfway point it starts getting interesting and the people who put it together are at least working in a realm of reasonable intelligence and wit and respect for the audience. I wish it were great, but 'pretty good' puts it ahead of plenty of recent romantic comedies." Similarly, Andrew O'Hehir from Salon.com wrote, "here comes the surprise: It's peculiar, and pretty good! Taken on its own terms, it's a light, sweet, curiously enjoyable misfit romance, whose real star is not Aniston but her magnificently awkward Lothario, Jason Bateman." Owen Gleiberman from "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a "B" rating and called it "a pleasant surprise. It's a by-the-numbers movie, but the dots that get connected feel new."
Less enthusiastic with the film, "Detroit News"s Tom Long wrote that "it's not a bad film, really, just sort of average. But Bateman is so good in it – natural, funny, yet full of real emotion – that you immediately want to see him again in a better film." Barely impressed, Joe Neumaier of "New York Daily News" called the film a "Judd Apatow lite, Farrelly brothers special blend. Just call it "When Harry Met Sally and Her Ovum". Andrew Barker from "Variety" felt that "The Switch" was "an unfunny, manipulative romance about two unlikable people and their prop of a son [...] The pic mangles the premise of its source material."
Commercial success.
Even though it gained mixed to lukewarm reviews from critics, "The Switch" proved to be a moderate financial success. Budgeted at $19 million, it grossed $49.8 million worldwide, 55.7% of which came from its domestic run. 91 days in US theatres, it opened in 2,012 theaters and was ranked seventh after its opening weekend, averaging $4,193 per venue. On January 18, 2011, Maple Pictures released the film on DVD and Blu-ray in Canada, while Lionsgate released it in the United States on March 15, 2011. It grossed $7.7 million in US DVD sales.

</doc>
<doc id="21550547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550547" title="Cricotus">
Cricotus

Cricotus is an extinct genus of Embolomeri.

</doc>
<doc id="21550553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550553" title="Jan Błoński">
Jan Błoński

Jan Błoński (January 15, 1931 – February 10, 2009) was a Polish historian, literary critic, publicist and translator. He was a leading representative of the Kraków school of literary criticism, regarded as one of the most influential critics of postwar Poland.
Professor of the Jagiellonian University, Błoński was habilitated there for the work entitled "Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński and the beginnings of the Polish Baroque." He was the literary editor for the publication of Witold Gombrowicz's collected works in 1986–88 through "Wydawnictwo Literackie". He was also the Fellow of Collegium Invisibile. In 1996–2001 he served as juror for the Nike Literary Award. In November 1995 he was awarded the Kraków Book of the Month Award for the collected works of Sławomir Mrożek, his long-time friend from the Stalinist period.
Biography.
Jan Błoński was born in Warsaw in 1931. During the occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany, he witnessed the liquidation of the Warsaw Ghetto in 1942 when some 300,000 Jews were sent to Treblinka and exterminated in a single classified operation. Błoński later wrote that a Jewish boy who escaped, run into him on the street but he didn't help, which many years later brought about a deep feeling of guilt, and inspired his best-known piece of writing published by "Tygodnik Powszechny" in 1987 under the Polish title "Biedni Polacy patrzą na getto" (the Poor Poles look at the Ghetto) undermining the significance of the rescue of Jews by Poles during the Holocaust.
Błoński finished his Polish studies at the Jagiellonian University in 1952 during the darkest years of Stalinist terror in Poland. After graduation, he worked in the Institute of Literary Studies of the Polish Academy of Sciences in 1959–62 (after the Polish October). From 1970 he was employed at the Jagiellonian University. He was a vice-rector for didactic affairs (1981–84), director of the Institute of Polish Studies (1988–91), director of the Department of the Theatre (1977–1980) and the Department of the 20th Century Polish Literature (1995–97). As professor, he also lectured Polish literature at the University of Sorbonne, the University of Clermont-Ferrand and the Paris University IV. He died on 10 February 2009 in Kraków.

</doc>
<doc id="21550556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550556" title="Ricardo de Jaxa Malachowski">
Ricardo de Jaxa Malachowski

Ricardo de Jaxa Malachowski (Polish: "Ryszard Jaxa-Małachowski Kulisicz") was 
a Peruvian architect of Polish and Slovak origin.
Most of his professional activity was in Perú, where he moved in 1911 after Edward Jan Habich asked him to move there.
He was born on May 14, 1887 in Prochorowa, Odessa, at the very southwest of Russian Empire (today in Ukraine). His father was August Jaxa-Malachowski (Pole) and his mother was Malvina Kulisicz (Slovakian).
He's known as the main architect of Government Palace of Peru in Lima.
He died on December 6, 1972 in Lima, at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="21550574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550574" title="Charlie Whitehouse">
Charlie Whitehouse

Charles Evis Whitehouse was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played three seasons in the majors, two for the Indianapolis Hoosiers/Newark Peppers franchise of the Federal League in and and one for the Washington Senators in 

</doc>
<doc id="21550580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550580" title="Dahiri">
Dahiri

Dahiri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21550595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550595" title="Ragavan">
Ragavan

Ragavan is a Tamil film, starring debutants Vijith and Radhika Malhotra in lead roles, produced under a new banner Aghyna Productions by M Selvaraj and directed by Parandhaman who was an assistant to film director Selvaraghavan. After a long time Gangai Amaran is composing the music for this film. The audio CD was released on 14 February 2009 coinciding with Valentine's Day. The movie was released on 12 June 2009.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack consists of seven songs composed by Gangai Amaran.

</doc>
<doc id="21550596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550596" title="Ultra-low-cost personal computer">
Ultra-low-cost personal computer

An ultra-low-cost personal computer (ULCPC) is an inexpensive personal computer such as a netbook or a nettop. It is most often used by Microsoft to define a class of computers which are eligible for special licensing and discounts. For example, the availability of Windows XP has been extended and discounts are offered for ULCPCs. Microsoft have recently been relaxing the definition to include larger displays (up to 14.1") and touchscreens.

</doc>
<doc id="21550598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550598" title="Palari">
Palari

Palari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21550605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550605" title="University of Cauca">
University of Cauca

The Universidad del Cauca is a public institution of higher education ranked in the 17th place among the best universities in the country, currently in the process of institutional certification and accreditation CNA. Located in the city of Popayán, capital of the department of Cauca, Colombia. It was created on April 24, 1827 by Decree by the President Francisco de Paula Santander, civil foundation for higher level educational institutions in major cities of the country newly liberated from Spanish rule, for effects of training of citizens who would support the independent national life at all levels, in different areas and activities. Was installed November 11, 1827 and the nationalization was ratified by Law 65 of 1964. It currently has 43 programs undergraduate and 48 programs postgraduate which include 29 specializations, 14 Masters and 5 Ph.D..
History.
The Universidad del Cauca is a public higher education institution whose head office is in the city of Popayan, capital of Cauca, in Colombia's suroocidente. Founded in November 1827, from the beginning had the support of the Liberator Simon Bolivar and Francisco de Paula Santander. Several higher education decrees issued by Simon Bolivar, were made in Popayán, within the University of Cauca.
The University has its roots in the Major Seminary of Popayan, first-rate educational establishment in colonial times had wide impact where the newest ideas of philosophical, political and scientific Illustration in 18th century on Enlightenment. There, precisely, it formed the generation that would later become the protagonist of the struggles of the Independence of the Spanish Empire with the likes of Francisco Jose de Caldas Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera and Camilo Torres, men of politics, study and state. Thinking of Republican and independent life in Colombia generated a large proportion of the Universidad del Cauca, so that the history of the independence of Colombia and its beginnings as an independent republic joins the university's history.
Like that time, the University of Cauca has remained an institution of knowledge, free forum progress and evaluating the circumstances and choices of social life, defending the democratic discourse Colombia and has incessantly energizing of the free speech and citizen participation. In the last decade has been distinguished by its dynamic research structure and has several research groups recognized by Colciencias.
Along the 20th century, the University of Cauca was founded in permanent pole attracting students from various regions of the country, mainly in southwestern Colombia. He continues as a public university attractive to young people wishing to study and prepare. However, regressive policies in public higher education of recent governments of Colombia has halted its dynamism and its self.
Seventeen graduates of the University of Cauca have held the Colombian head of state.
Its Historical Archive (http://portal.unicauca.edu.co/versionP/servicios/archivo-historico), located in the historic center of Popayan, has a valuable collection of documents of the colonial and independence aroused the interest of Historians and social scientists. It was established in 1970, based on documents of the Central Archive of Cauca, listed by José María Arboleda Llorente who since 1928 until his death in 1969 he organized and produced detailed indexes of approximately 24,000 documents. This fund is made up of the archives of the Governor of Popayan, of the Sovereign State of Cauca, the Department of Cauca and the Judicial Archives "The Ram".
Organisation.
The Universidad del Cauca, as a public higher education institution faithful to democratic principles, has a management structure made up of authorities of legislative and executive branches. The highest governing body and the Alma Mater government is the Supreme Council, while Dean is the first executive authority of the University. Complement the institution's management structure 4 and the Academic Council Vice-Presidency, corporation responsible for analyzing and making academic decisions.
The agencies and bodies of the University of Cauca are:
High Council.
The Supreme Council is the highest organ of management and governance of the University of Cauca. Shall meet ordinarily at least 2 times a month and extraordinarily when convened by its Chairman or in his absence, by the representative of the President or the Rector. For any meeting shall be acknowledged in writing to its members.
By regulation, the Board should consist of:
Academic Council.
The Academic Council is the highest academic authority of the University of Cauca. By regulation should consist of:
The teacher and the student elected to the Academic Council shall have a period of two and one year respectively, counted from the date of their choice, while preserving such qualities.
As Secretary of the Academic Council shall act by the Secretary General of the Universidad del Cauca.
The rules of formation and functions of the university academic authority are clearly set out in Chapter III of the Agreement No. 105 of 1993, which is issued by the General Statutes of the University of Cauca.
Rectory.
The Rectory is the first executive authority of the University of Cauca and its main head is the Rector, who is the legal representative of the institution. It consists of 4 units dealing with internal control and legal affairs, administration and planning of the University. It currently has 5 administrative staff.
Management Vice Presidency.
The Administrative Vice-Rector of the Universidad del Cauca is the unit responsible for directing, coordinating and supporting the various activities that require human resource management, economic, technological and infrastructure for development and implementation to achieve the function of social institutions.
Research Vicerrectoría.
In 1997 the Supreme Council of the Universidad del Cauca official the presence of the Vice-Rector for Research in the organizational structure of the institution in order to consolidate and develop the Research within the University. This provision is contained in article seven of the 031 Agreement, 1997, which amended the General Statutes of the University of Cauca. The Vice-Rector for Research was established as the governing body responsible for designing, promoting and implementing research policies of the institution, with the ultimate goal of generating a positive impact on the region. The following link is more information (http://vri.unicauca.edu.co)
Vicerrectoría Culture and Welfare.
The Vice Presidency Cultural and Welfare is the agency responsible for coordinating and supporting the various initiatives carried out at the Universidad del Cauca and are related to sport, recreation, art, cultural heritage, literature publications, the use of media and health of the university community. Consists of five agencies that work specifically in the areas mentioned above and it also depends on the imprint of the University of Cauca and university residences. The Vice Presidency is also working towards achieving Icetex credits for students who require financial funding to pursue their studies and through it are made safe procedures related to university student. Currently, the rector of Culture and Welfare is Maria Cristina Simmonds.
Academic Vice.
The Academic Vice is the agency responsible for coordinating the various processes of admission, registration, accreditation, selection and training of teachers, promotion of academic and outreach programs offered by the Universidad del Cauca. It is divided into three units working specifically in the areas mentioned above as well as by the Accreditation Office of the institution. Also, according to the organizational structure of the University of Cauca, under their supervision each of the powers are part of the Alma Mater. Currently, the Academic Vice President Alvaro Hurtado is the master's Tejada.
University Programs.
Undergraduate Programs.
The University of Cauca, true to its commitment of providing critical, responsible and creative higher education to the community, offers 43 undergraduate programs through various colleges. Some of these programs are offered twice a year, while others are annual. Each one of them is registered in the National System of Higher Education (SNIES), and several have obtained the qualified registration issued by the Ministry of National Education for a period of 7 years.
Programs:
Graduate Programs.
The University of Cauca, true to its commitment of providing higher education critical, responsible and creative community offers a total of 48 graduate programs, of which 29 are majors, 14 are masters and 5 doctoral programs. Each is registered with the National Higher Education Information (SNIES) and several have obtained the qualified registration issued by the Ministry of Education. The admissions process for accessing these programs is coordinated directly by the Graduate Institute of alma mater.
Graduate programs offered by the University of Cauca are:
specializations:
Master's:
Ph.D.
University Campuses.
The University of Cauca currently has 9 faculties in which it provides undergraduate and graduate training in different areas of knowledge.
These academic units are located in different parts of the city of Popayán. The first Faculty was created in the institution of law, which operates in the cloister of Santo Domingo, and the last was the Faculty of Agricultural Sciences, headquartered in the village the capital of Cauca Guacas.
The faculties of the University of Cauca are:
Libraries.
Central Library Jose Maria Serrano
The Library of the Universidad del Cauca is organized from the Decree of October 6, 1827 given by the President Liberator, which allocates goods and capital to the University, by this decree the collections of the extinct convents of San Francisco and Santo Domingo (works mostly philosophical and religious), but the pamphlets and books published in the press acquired by the University and the allocation of $ 500 annually for the purchase of scientific, are the basis of their conformation. Its first librarian was Mr. Jose Manuel Mosquera. It consists of a three-story building, with capacity to meet its 3600 mts to 280 users. This library serves the faculties of: Natural Sciences, Exact and Education, Civil Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering and graduate of the options listed. The first floor of the building is occupied by collections: general, booking and referral, technical processes and reading rooms on the second floor you will find the archive (publiciones journals), theses, maps, sheet microfiche readers and printers.
'"Library"The Carmen'
Works on the building in 1729 founded the Marquesa de San Miguel de la Vega, Ms. Denise Perez Manrique and Camberos and which, during its existence was based in the monastery of "Carmen" at the Institute of St. Therese Reformed, School Normal for Boys of the Marist Brothers, the Police Unit and Women's College Franciscan sisters who occupied it from 1952 until 1983, after the earthquake that hit the city, acquired the Universidad del Cauca, where the Library placed Socio-Humanistic all collections of Anthropology, Philosophy, Arts, Music, Literature, History, Geography, Economics, Politics and Administration and Accounting. The library area is 2075 square meters for up to 176 users, on the first floor are the general collections, reserve and reference and the second, periodicals (journals), theses and old collections (books before 1900 ).
Health Sciences Library
Located on the first floor of the Faculty of Health Sciences, serves undergraduate programs in Medicine, Nursing, Physiotherapy, Speech and respective postgraduates. It has 624 square meters in its capacity to accommodate 128 users, and features books, journals, theses, reference databases on CD ROM, microfiche and slides.
Library of Agricultural Sciences
It is located in the Faculty of Agricultural Sciences, in the area known as "The Guacas". Here are the texts and journals alluding to the Agricultural and Livestock Sciences, serves Agroindustrial Engineering programs and Animal Husbandry.
Arts Library
On the second floor by the main entrance is located music library which provides journals, books, theses, music scores, records, cassettes, videos, films, laser video, slides and audience for the presentation of conferences, hearings, movies and videos.
Sports and sports facilities.
Currently, the University of Cauca has one of the best sports facilities in Popayan, where services are provided free of charge directed at all members of the university community to develop playful activities, recreational and sports.
The University Sports Centre (CDU) is located in the area and has Tulcán soccer field, running track, volleyball, tennis pilifuncionales, skating rink, dojo for martial arts practice, Olympic swimming pools (swimming and diving), chess room, gym and a Coliseum where you can practice different disciplines. Additionally, the University of Cauca offers the possibility that members of the university community to register different kinds of programs and recreational sports.
Both the CDU management as the coordination of programs, plans, projects and actions related to this area are in charge of the Division of Sport and Recreation, an agency attached to the Vice Presidency Cultural and Welfare Unicauca.
Branches in the Department of Cauca.
True to its vital and permanent commitment to social development through critical, responsible and creative education, the University of Cauca has been working on a process of regionalization to provide and encourage higher education in other localities. The body responsible for complying with this University decentralization policy is the regionalization of the Center for Open and Distance Education (CREAD), whose headquarters are located in the building of the School of Accounting, Economics and Management.
Through this Centre, Unicauca currently provides Agribusiness Technology Program in the municipalities of Santander de Quilichao, Guapi, Miranda, Bolivar and Piendamó (Tuni).
This same program and in Telematics Technology are also offered through the CREAD in Popayan, but are aimed specifically at rural high school of the municipality and the Cauca.
College media.
Television Unicauca.
The University of Cauca, through the Division of Communications, currently produces three television programs that are transmitted by the Municipal Channel and Canal Popayán University of Colombia Zoom. These programs address cultural, academic, research, scientific, news, etc., which are of interest to the university community and citizenship in general. The television programs produced at the time the University of Cauca are:
Outlook.
Outlook is a talk show by the producer of television Unicauca Communications Division, through which the institution seeks to discuss issues of regional, national and international levels. To this end, each issue of the program with the participation of special guests who propound each of the topics covered.
In this way, Perspectives aims to provide a space for citizens to reflect and form a critical opinion about the context that surrounds it.
Univerciudad.
Univerciudad magazine is a documentary produced by the Communications Division Unicauca from fresh and lively perspective of the university bodies, especially young students. Communicative intention is to enable the viewer to see and analyze the socio-cultural phenomena and problems of the city.
Stereo Unicauca.
Unicauca Stereo (HJC20 104.1 FM) is a means of radio communication at the University of Cauca, governed by the constitutional and legal principles of the Republic of Colombia. As public interest station, according to Decree 1446 of 1995, its programming aimed primarily at raising the educational and cultural level of the inhabitants of the region of influence, promote and disseminate human values, civic education and public debate. Unicauca Stereo broadcasts 24 hours a day from Monday to Sunday, 10 of which are for live shows. The rest of the programming is prerecorded.
The letter is distributed programming and musical bands or review content aimed at different audiences, such as: family, children, youth, adults, specialized university community and the community in general. The administration, coordination of activities and implementation of content presented at the station in charge of the Division of Communications, an agency attached to the Vice Presidency Cultural and Welfare Unicauca.
Newspapers and magazines.
The University of Cauca has several periodical publications that are produced by the various departments, academic units and research groups of the institution. These print media account for the academic, research and outreach performed in the University, and many include specialized content about the various areas of knowledge. Several of these publications are available in print, others are available only through the Internet, while some have versions in both formats.
Newspapers and magazines that are part of the University of Cauca are:
Newspapers current.
U & C * Newspaper (print only)
Academic and scientific journals with PDF version.
North Magazine (home of Santander de Quilichao)
Utopia Magazine
Academic and scientific journals printed.
Traveling Magazine (Doctor of Science in Education).
Magazine of the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences.
Magazine of the Faculty of Law, Political and Social Science.
Computer Link Magazine.
Alumni and members featured in this University.
Seventeen graduates of the University of Cauca have held the head of the Colombian government. 

</doc>
<doc id="21550613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550613" title="Thomson Mason">
Thomson Mason

Thomson Mason (14 August 1733 – 26 February 1785) was a prominent Virginia lawyer, jurist, and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia. Mason was a younger brother of George Mason IV, United States patriot, statesman, and delegate from Virginia to the U.S. Constitutional Convention, father of Stevens Thomson Mason, a Colonel in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, a member of the Virginia state legislature, and a U.S. Senator from Virginia, and great-grandfather of Stevens T. Mason, first Governor of Michigan.
Early life.
Mason was born at Chopawamsic plantation in Stafford County, Virginia on 14 August 1733. He was the third and youngest child of George Mason III and his wife Ann Stevens Thomson.
Career.
Mason was educated at William and Mary College in Williamsburg, Virginia and then studied law at the Middle Temple in London. Afterwards, he returned to Virginia and was a burgess in the House of Burgesses representing Stafford and Loudoun counties from 1766 to 1775. In 1778, Mason was appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia and served only briefly before serving as one of five judges in the General Court. From 1779 to 1783, Mason was elected a member of the Virginia House of Delegates and served as chairman of the Committee on Courts of Justice.
Raspberry Plain.
In 1760, Mason purchased Raspberry Plain plantation in Loudoun County, Virginia In 1771, Thomson built the mansion at Raspberry Plain. Upon Thomson's death, the Raspberry Plain estate was deeded to his eldest son Stevens Thomson Mason.
Marriages and children.
Mason married Mary King Barnes, the only daughter of Colonel Abraham Barnes and his wife Mary King, in 1758. He and Mary had four children:
Mary died on 21 October 1771 in Prince William County, Virginia and was interred in the Mason family graveyard at Gunston Hall and later moved to Raspberry Plain. Six years later on 23 November 1777, Mason married for a second time to Elizabeth Westwood Wallace. He and Elizabeth had four children:
Later life.
Mason died on 26 February 1785 at Chopawamsic at the age of 51.

</doc>
<doc id="21550627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550627" title="Maria Orwid">
Maria Orwid

Maria Orwid (23 July 1930 – 9 February 2009) was a Polish psychiatrist, one of the pioneers of the psychiatry of children and family in Poland. Professor of the Jagiellonian University.

</doc>
<doc id="21550636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550636" title="Ectocion">
Ectocion

Ectocion (sometimes "Ectocyon") is an extinct genus of placental mammals of the order Condylartha. The genus was earlier classified as "Gidleyina" (Simpson 1935) and "Prosthecion" (Patterson and West 1973)
Paleocene specimens of these hoofed, ground-dwelling herbivores have been found in Canada (Alberta, Saskatchewan) and the United States (Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, and Wyoming). Eocene specimens have been found in Mexico and the United States (Colorado, Mississippi, Wyoming).
One of the dramatic effects of the Paleocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM) was some animals evolving smaller bodies. Fossilized Ectocion jaw bones show that this genus was smaller during ("E. parvus", 55.5 mya) the PETM than its relatives before ("E. osbornianus", 55.6 mya) and after ("E. osbornianus", 55.3 mya) the brief climatic peak period.

</doc>
<doc id="21550654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550654" title="List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments on the East and Northeast Sides">
List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments on the East and Northeast Sides

This is a list of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments on the East and Northeast Sides of the city of Los Angeles, California, in the United States. There are more than 140 Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments (LAHCM) in this area. It includes the communities of Boyle Heights, Highland Park, Eagle Rock, Lincoln Heights, Mt. Washington, Hermon, and Montecito Heights.

</doc>
<doc id="21550662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550662" title="Sarah Baldock">
Sarah Baldock

Sarah Baldock (born 5 April 1975) is an English organist and choral conductor, at present the Organist and Master of the Choristers of Chichester Cathedral. She is notable as one of the earliest women to be appointed to the senior music post at a Church of England cathedral. She was married to counter-tenor David Hurley. Baldock has become known as a popular soloist in the UK and abroad.
Education and early career.
Baldock was educated as a music scholar at St Paul's Girls' School in London and then as organ scholar of Pembroke College, Cambridge, winning prizes in the RCO diploma examinations and a bursary for postgraduate study with David Sanger and Thomas Trotter. She was a finalist in the 1998 Calgary International, and prizewinner at the 2000 Odense and 2002 Dallas International Organ Competitions.
Baldock has been a faculty member of the Calgary, Edinburgh and Oundle Organ Courses, and involved in education projects at the Royal Festival Hall and Birmingham Symphony Hall. Sarah has directed choral workshops in the UK, US, Norway and Sweden. Performances have included concertos with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and the Hampshire County Youth Orchestra and solo concerts in the Channel Islands, Europe, US and Canada.
Career.
Tonbridge School.
Baldock was Organist in Residence at Tonbridge School in Kent and in 1998 she released a solo CD on the Marcussen organ in Tonbridge School Chapel for Herald.
Winchester.
In 1998 Sarah moved to Winchester Cathedral where she founded the Girls' Choir and in 2002 became Assistant Director of Music, accompanying the Choir in daily services, tours, broadcasts and recordings. During her time in Winchester she was accompanist to the Waynflete Singers and Organ Performance Tutor at the University of Southampton.
Chichester.
In December 2007, Baldock was appointed Organist and Master of the Choristers at Chichester Cathedral on the retirement of Alan Thurlow. She took up the post after Easter 2008, becoming, after Katherine Dienes-Williams of Guildford Cathedral, the second earliest appointment of a woman to the senior music post at a Church of England cathedral. Following her resignation from the Cathedral in 2014, Charles Harrison, Assistant Director of Music at Lincoln Cathedral was appointed to succeed her.
Cheltenham Ladies' College.
In March 2014, it was announced that Baldock had been appointed a music teacher at Cheltenham Ladies' College, and would start at the school in September 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21550664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550664" title="Ernest Denis">
Ernest Denis

Ernest Denis (January 3, 1849 – January 4, 1921) was a French historian. Denis became known as a specialist of Germany and Bohemia, and played a major role in the establishment of the Czechoslovak state in 1918. Along with Louis Léger, he is considered to be one of the most highly regarded 20th-century historians of the Slav world in France. Upon his death, the Czechoslovak state bought his residence in Paris in order to create an institute for Slavic studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21550671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550671" title="José María Cárdenas">
José María Cárdenas

José Maria Cárdenas López (born April 2, 1985) is a Mexican footballer currently playing for León in the Liga MX on loan from Club América. He previously played for Atlante, Pachuca, Santos Laguna, and Monarcas Morelia, before transferring to León. Although part of the team, Cárdenas was not able to play a part in Atlante's 2007 Apertura championship campaign, winning in the final against UNAM.
Cárdenas received his first call-up to the Mexican national team in a friendly match against Bolivia, scoring his first goal as well in a 5–1 victory. He was also called up to play the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup tournament with Mexico.
Club career.
Atlante.
He made his Primera División debut with Atlante on August 24, 2005 in a 2–2 draw against San Luis during the 2005 Apertura tournament. During that season, he only amassed 9 league matches, scoring no goals. During the 2006 Clausura, José María played in all 17 league matches, helping Atlante reach the play-offs. His last season with the Cancún-based club was the 2008 Clausura, playing only one match. In total, Cárdenas played 70 matches for Atlante, and scored 5 goals.
International career.
He made his debut with the Mexican national team on March 11, 2009 in a friendly against Bolivia and scored in his debut.
International appearances.
"As of July 20, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="21550685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550685" title="Sremski Karlovci City Hall">
Sremski Karlovci City Hall

Sremski Karlovci City Hall is located at the center of Sremski Karlovci, Serbia. City hall was built in the period between 1808 and 1811 in the neoclassicism style. It was constructed to be garrison of the nearby Petrovaradin fortress in Novi Sad, and later it become military building. Above the balcony is a coat of arms of Sremski Karlovci.
The most important event that occurred in this building is declaration of Serbian Vojvodina from a balcony by Josif Rajačić in May 1848, known in Serbia as May Assembly, during European Revolutions of 1848. In this building the temporary government of Serbian Vojvodina was organized and was called "The Main National Council". The first capital of Serbian Vojvodina was in Sremski Karlovci, so city hall was also the Serbian Vojvodina main government building.
Now, in City hall is administration, including town council and police.

</doc>
<doc id="21550691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550691" title="Natrona County School District Number 1">
Natrona County School District Number 1

The Natrona County School District #1 is a public school district, serving students in Natrona County, Wyoming, USA. Based in Casper, Wyoming, the district also serves the towns and communities of Alcova, Edgerton, Evansville, Midwest, Mills, Powder River, and Willow Creek.
Governance.
The Natrona County School District is governed by a publicly elected board of trustees. Members are elected at-large by county voters to staggered, four-year terms. School elections are held biannually in November. The school board hires a superintendent to oversee the day-to-day operations of the district. Superintendent Dr. Joel Dvorak was hired in July 2008. 
Internally, NCSD operates under a shared governance model called the Compact. Established in 2001 following a round of contentious contract negotiations, the NCSD Compact is an agreement between the Board of Trustees, the Natrona County Education Association (NCEA), the Natrona County Association of Education Support Staff (NCAESS), and the Service Employees Independent Organization (SEIO). The agreement structures decision-making models in the district to assure that all major decisions impacting students, as well as contract and salary/benefit decisions, are made through a consensus process.
Safety Programs.
The Safe Schools Suspension Lab is a program that provides a safe, supervised alternative to at-home suspension for students whose behavior requires them to be removed from the traditional classroom.
In 2009, the School District made National news approved an anti-bullying policy that specifically prohibits cyberbullying and sexting.
Schools of choice.
In the early 1990s, the Natrona County School District began establishing Lighthouse Schools. Prior to that time, admission to schools was based on residency boundaries throughout the county.
The Board of Trustees began accepting applications to start new schools – schools that would have unique curriculum characteristics and that would be filled outside the boundary system.
According to the Casper Star-Tribune, 29 proposals were submitted by parents and teachers. Three were selected to become Lighthouse Schools. They opened in 1991 as the first schools of choice.
The move drove other schools to try to reinvent themselves in an effort to draw students, according to a news article.
By 1996, the Board of Trustees repealed its attendance boundaries, citing the number of choices in the district. The new practice allows all families to select from the full list of public schools in the district.
The board also established a transportation policy that developed a hub-based busing system. This system provides students with transportation from their neighborhoods to their schools throughout the district.
Today, the open enrollment system continues, though some changes have been made. As population increases and some schools’ popularity increases, the district has developed a policy to determine which students have preference in over-filled schools. Admission continues to be available at any school on a space-available basis.
Some community members have turned away from the open enrollment policy, pushing to return to a boundary system and “neighborhood schools.” This issue has been at the forefront of modern school board discussions and continues to be a pressing issue for the community.
High access technology.
NCSD has committed to providing students with high access to technology. The first high-access school in the district was Frontier Middle School, which opened in 2006, providing laptop computers to every student for school and home use.
The high-access environments have spread to several other schools, where students and staff members check-out laptops for use throughout the academic year. Sites with high-access programs as of 2009 include Centennial Junior High School, CY Junior High School, Dean Morgan Junior High School, Kelly Walsh High School, and Natrona County High School.
Capital construction.
School capital construction and major maintenance in Wyoming is funded through the state’s School Facilities Commission, which was formed in response to a Wyoming Supreme Court ruling that holds the state responsible for equitable school facilities.
Funded primarily through coal royalties, the SFC provides funding to upgrade and replace existing school facilities based on need and to build new facilities based on population.
In the Natrona County School District, this system has led to a number of recent capital construction projects:
Secondary systems transformation.
The Natrona County School District is in the process of transforming its secondary education system and defining a comprehensive secondary education platform, which includes grades six through 12.
The first major project within this initiative will involve the design and construction of a new major high school in Natrona County. 
The need for a new high school was prompted by the community’s decision to move to a configuration of PreK-5th grade elementary schools, sixth through eighth grade middle schools, and ninth through 12th grade high schools. At present, the four major high schools in Natrona County do not have space for all the ninth through 12th grade students in the district.
In addition, the district has recognized a need to better serve 21st Century students. District and community officials are concerned about a high drop-out rate throughout the district, as well as a high disengagement rate among students. 
The district will conduct multiple format community opinion surveys and host workshops to gather community input as they move forward in the planning process. Design of the new high school is slated to begin in July 2009, and the new school should open in 2012.
Student demographics.
The following figures are as of October 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21550725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550725" title="Mackenstedter">
Mackenstedter

The Mackenstedter Distillery produces Mackenstedter Korn in the village of Gross Mackenstedt near
Bremen, Germany. It also produces flavored vodka.
History of the firm.
As early as 1667, the Mackenstedter family obtained permission ("Kruggerechtigkeit") from the local customs authorities in Gross Mackenstedt to distill and sell Korn in their own establishment.
The Mackenstedter Distillery was officially established in the year 1750. The family business is now in its ninth generation.

</doc>
<doc id="21550728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550728" title="Fratelli Fabbri Editori">
Fratelli Fabbri Editori

Fratelli Fabbri Editori is an Italian publishing house founded in 1947 by the brothers Giovanni, Dino and Ettore 'Rino' Fabbri. Today Fabbri forms part of RCS Libri, which in turn is 100% controlled by RCS MediaGroup.
Origins.
Coming from a family of small bourgeois merchants Forlivesi, the brothers Fabbri started with little more than a love for art and culture inherited from their father Ottavio Fabbri.
The eldest, Giovanni, just graduated from medical school joined the partisan of the Val d'Ossola. After the war, preferring books to the medical profession, he decided to take up a career of the editor, managing to involve his brothers.
The "Fratelli Fabbri Editori" found immediate success printing text books for schools and, later, became the leading publisher in this area. They took a leap in the quality of printing to publish regular, large classical works such as The Divine Comedy and The Bible. The approval of the public encouraged them, and at the end of the fifties remain in the history of publishing with works such as "Masterpieces in the Centuries" and, particularly, "The Masters of Color." (I Maestri del Colore).
The 1960s.
In the 1960s "Fratelli Fabbri Editori" published "Conoscere", an illustrated encyclopedia for children that entered the homes of millions of Italians. The encyclopedia was sold in bound volumes, with payment by installments. During those years, the publishing house sold approximately a billion and a half books, published in dozens of countries with translations into 14 languages, including Hindi, Urdu, Afrikaans, Turkish and Bulgarian.
They were also the first Italian publisher to market multimedia products; producing the new series "The Stories of Sound" and "The History of Music, which combines the book and the record, addressing issues unknown at the time. For example, for "The History of Music" in order to fall within the standard packaging industry, they commissioned Philips Records to produce 10 million of the LP Special, of 20 centimeters in diameter.
Towards the end of the sixties, due to the saturation of the market and social unrest, the brothers Dino and Rino sold their shares to engage in other activities abroad, thwarted by the refusal of the elder brother.
The 1970s.
In 1971 the Istituto Finanziario Industriale (IFI)[http://www.exor.com/?p=&s=&lang=en], purchased 53% of the shares of Fabbri Editori on behalf of the Agnelli family. Dino & Rino relocated abroad, but Giovanni remained on as chairman; the operational role was entrusted to Piero Stucchi Prinetti, acting as managing director.
Towards the end of the 1970s Giovanni Fabbri entered the viewfinder of the Red Brigades and decided to move to Lugano, Switzerland, where he resides today. Rino Fabbri chose Paraguay. Dino Fabbri died following a long illness of "ALS" Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis on 10 December 2001 at his home in Aventura, Florida. Ettore Rino Fabbri died in Asunción, November 2012.
The 1980s and today.
"Fabbri Editori," now forms part of the "Gruppo RCS - Rizzoli Corriere della Sera", RCS MediaGroup and continues to be active in the publishing of textbooks and publications. With the spread of 'home-video (especially with the arrival of the DVD) Fabbri concluded agreements that allow it to distribute through the network of kiosks a monographic series on actors (such as the series of films of 007) and collections of the movies of Alberto Sordi and Gilberto Govi, directors and genres of film.

</doc>
<doc id="21550729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550729" title="Works of John Betjeman">
Works of John Betjeman

Sir John Betjeman, (1906–1984) was a twentieth-century English poet, writer and broadcaster. Born to a middle-class family in Edwardian Hampstead, he attended Oxford University, and his early ability in writing poetry and interest in architecture supported him throughout his life. Starting his career as a journalist, he ended it as British Poet Laureate and a much-loved figure on British television. His works include poetry, prose and television appearances.
Printed.
Most of the work below has been published more than once. In most cases the details given are those of first publication.
Sound recordings and television programmes.
His television programmes included:
A fuller listing of Betjeman's television programmes can be found in:
Scripts of 60 of Betjeman's television programmes can be found in:

</doc>
<doc id="21550773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550773" title="Fleet controlling">
Fleet controlling

Fleet Controlling is a new platform of telematic systems for wagon-vehicle and mobile equipment that allows service for back-office management in any company. Depending on supplier officers take advantages of:
Processing of certain type of information, data exchange and services provided by Fleet Controlling Equip, and solutions classify it as CEE L.B.S. (Location-based Service).
L.B.S. application allows only location-specific retrieval of information by certain informational registered devices up.
Platform contribution.
Fleet Controller Equips are based on stored information about vehicle/machinery location, due to limited pin layout of prior Fleet Management platform. It`s generally a general definition in "Track specifications, pgs. 23":
Telematic systems execute data transfer via GPRS or satellite, vehicle location is recognized by GPS.
Development.
First reference to Fleet Controlling platform is dated back to 2007 when it was officially mentioned in Munich`s Transport Logistic exhibition in Germany.
Integrated Fleet Control management evolved from a previous generation of "Fleet Management system in feature like: new generation of hardware, closer system integration (also with third party information systems integration).

</doc>
<doc id="21550778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550778" title="Casper Classical Academy">
Casper Classical Academy

Casper Classical Academy (CCA) is a public middle school in Casper, Wyoming. The school is part of the Natrona County School District. 
CCA offers a classical education in a small school setting. It was founded in 1996 as an expansion of Fort Casper Academy and serves about 175 students in grades 6–9. In 2005, CCA received the No Child Left Behind Blue Ribbon School Award, based on standardized state assessment scores.

</doc>
<doc id="21550783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550783" title="Universal design for instruction">
Universal design for instruction

Universal Instructional Design (UID) or Universal Design for Instruction (UDI) is an educational framework for applying universal design principles to learning environments with a goal toward greater accessibility for all students, including students with disabilities. UDI involves considering the potential needs of all learners when designing and delivering instruction by identifying and eliminating unnecessary barriers to teaching and learning while maintaining academic rigor. UDI is thus proactive and benefits all students, in contrast to providing accommodations for a specific student (e.g., providing a sign language interpreter for a student who is deaf).
Background.
Universal Design for Instruction (UDI) applies and adapts universal design principles and the Principles of Universal Design to learning environments and learning products, with a goal toward maximizing learning for all students.
Universal design (UD), a concept pioneered by architect Ronald Mace at North Carolina State University (NCSU), refers to buildings, products and environments that are inherently accessible to both people without disabilities and people with disabilities. The Center for Universal Design at NCSU established a set of Principles of Universal Design based on UD to guide and evaluate the design process, with a goal toward creating more accessible products and environments. Universal Design for Instruction is an educational framework and set of strategies that applies both UD and the Principles of Universal Design to academic and teaching environments, learning products, and learning materials.
Specific UDI frameworks and educational initiatives vary between academic and policy institutions. The Center for Universal Design in Education (CUDE) at the DO-IT Center (University of Washington) combines UD, the Principles of Universal Design and Universal Design for Learning (UDL) to create UDI strategies for applying universal design to educational products and environments. Each CUDE strategy is linked with relevant principles of UD and UDL. Using a different approach, the Center on Postsecondary Education and Disability at the University of Connecticut developed a set of UDI principles that draws on the work of Chickering and Gamson, who had originally published a set of principles for more inclusive postsecondary education, as well as the Principles of Universal Design.
Principles of UDI.
The original seven Principles of Universal Design for products and environments established by the Center for Universal Design at NSCU follow; UDI applies these principles to learning environments.
The DO-IT Center's Center for Universal Design in Education (CUDE) combines UDI strategies and UD principles with the more specific Universal Design for Learning (UDL) framework. Universal Design for Learning (UDL) is "a set of principles for curriculum development that give all individuals equal opportunities to learn." UDL guidelines encourage curriculum designers to provide the student with options with respect to the following:
The University of Connecticut researchers and practitioners propose nine principles that describe a successful implementation of Universal Design "for" Instruction. Four of them state that materials and activities should be:
Three principles for universal design for instruction state that the learning environment should:
Universal design for instruction includes two more principles related to the delivery environment:
Examples of UD Applied to Instruction.
Ways of applying UD to instruction include those listed below.
The Process of UDI.
The Center for Universal Design in Education (CUDE) at the DO-IT Center describes UDI as "a goal, a process, and a set of practices." According to CUDE, the UDI process is described as the following series of steps:

</doc>
<doc id="21550790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550790" title="Cottonwood Elementary School">
Cottonwood Elementary School

Cottonwood Elementary School is a public school in the Natrona County School District in Casper, Wyoming. The school is the result of the combination of two schools – McKinley and Westwood elementary schools – in Casper in 2007. The schools merged into the former Westwood Elementary School facility in 2007, and a brand new Cottonwood Elementary School building opened in January 2009. The school serves about 300 students in preschool through fifth grade.

</doc>
<doc id="21550804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550804" title="Osteopathic medicine in Canada">
Osteopathic medicine in Canada

Osteopathic medicine in Canada refers to osteopathic physicians educated in the United States, receiving the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree, who practise osteopathic medicine in Canada. Though licensure requirements for physicians varies by province in Canada, osteopathic physicians are generally able to obtain a license to practise medicine throughout the country. The Canadian Osteopathic Association is the largest association of osteopathic physicians in Canada.
Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine (DOs) are educated in the United States and should not be confused with non-physician osteopaths. Currently, there are "no" colleges of osteopathic medicine in Canada. Only graduates of are eligible for licensure to practise Osteopathic Medicine in Canada. US-trained DOs may practise in Canada as fully licensed physicians. The authority for licensure of American osteopathic graduates lies with the provincial Colleges of Physicians and Surgeons.
Licensing requirements for osteopathic physicians.
This is a summary of the licensing requirements of osteopathic physicians in Canada:
Canadian Osteopathic Medical Students.
The Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine investigated the possibility of opening an osteopathic medical school in Canada. The plans have been dropped, due to concerns about clinical training in a country with very few D.O.s and the large time investment required to open the school. The college has opened a program at its existing osteopathic school that will accept 25 students from Canada each year. As of 2011, about 20 U.S.-trained osteopathic physicians were practicing in Canada.
The Canadian Osteopathic Association recently started the Canadian Osteopathic Medical Student Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21550805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550805" title="Tampering (crime)">
Tampering (crime)

Tampering can refer to a variety of forms of sabotage but the term is often used to mean intentional modification of products in a way that would make them harmful to the consumer. This threat has prompted manufacturers to make products that are either difficult to modify or at least difficult to modify without warning the consumer that the product has been tampered with. Since the person making the modification is typically long gone by the time the crime is discovered, many of these cases are never solved.
The crime is often linked with attempts to extort money from the manufacturer, and in many cases no contamination to a product ever takes place. Fraud is sometimes handled as a matter of civil law, but actual modification of products is almost always a matter of criminal law.
Examples.
1982 Chicago Tylenol murders.
Seven people died in this incident in the United States after taking medication that had been contaminated with cyanide. One man was later convicted of extortion, but no one was convicted of the murders. In 2009, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced that it was re-examining the case. This event led to new requirements for tamper evident seals on over-the-counter medications and changes in US tampering laws.
Foreign objects.
Tampering cases often involve foreign objects in food products. These cases often focus on determining whether the contamination occurred during manufacturing, either accidentally or intentionally, or whether the claims made by the complaining customers are real or fraudulent.
Fraudulent claims.
A famous case involving claims by customers that had tainted the products themselves was a series of claims in 1993 of needles found in Pepsi products. The manufacturer convincingly demonstrated that the contamination could not have taken place at the bottling plant, and several people were proven to have put the needles in themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="21550807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550807" title="Ketty Gabriele">
Ketty Gabriele

Ugo Gabriele aka Ketty (Naples, July 10, 1981) is a reputed Italian mafia figure. Gabriele, a trans woman and member of the Camorra crime family, was reported as the first transgender mafia figure following an arrest by Naples police in February 2009. According to authorities, Gabriele is a small time capo behind a drug and prostitution ring for the Scissionisti di Secondigliano clan of the Camorra.
She pushed large quantities of drugs for Camorra boss Paolo Di Lauro, but since Di Lauro's arrest and the so-called Scampia feud between Camorra gangs, she did not need to answer to anyone anymore. Her elder brother, Salvatore Gabriele, is one of the Camorristi that graduated to become a boss. He wanted to extend his activities traveling the up and down Italy, supplying large and small-scale dealers, and left her to run things at Scampia.
Gabriele fits in an old and long tradition of gay or "femminiello" (effeminate) culture in Naples. Generally "femminielli" are considered good luck, for instance in gambling.

</doc>
<doc id="21550810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550810" title="Dean Morgan Junior High School">
Dean Morgan Junior High School

Dean Morgan Junior High School is a public school in the Natrona County School District in Casper, Wyoming. The school serves about 900 students in grades six through eight.

</doc>
<doc id="21550820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550820" title="Plithocyon">
Plithocyon

Plithocyon is an extinct genus of bear-like hemicyonid carnivore of the Miocene epoch, endemic to North America and Europe living from ~15.97—7.25 Ma, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Plithocyon" was named by Ginsburg (1955). It was assigned to Ursidae by Ginsburg (1955) and Carroll (1988); and to Hemicyoninae by Hunt (1998).
Morphology.
Body mass.
Two specimens were examined by Legendre and Roth for body mass.
Fossil distribution.
Sites and age of specimens:

</doc>
<doc id="21550837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550837" title="List of Numbers episodes (season 3)">
List of Numbers episodes (season 3)

Season three of Numbers, an American television series, premiered on September 22, 2006 with the episode "Spree" and had its season finale "The Janus List" on May 18, 2007. Charlie and Amita intensify their relationship, as do Larry and Megan. Amita has troubles adjusting in her new role as a CalSci professor, and Larry announces his leave of absence—he will be on the space station for six months, which greatly distresses Charlie. Dr. Mildred Finch, the newly appointed Chair of the CalSci Physics, Mathematics, and Astronomy Division, initially troubles Charlie and his colleagues, as Alan dates her. Don dates Agent Liz Warner, questions his ethics and self-worth, and receives counseling. Charlie sees Don's therapist and the two understand one another more. Alan engages in some FBI consulting with his knowledge of engineering, and Larry returns from the space station, although disillusioned. The finale wraps up with a revelation that shakes the whole team.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21550839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550839" title="Dinocyon">
Dinocyon

Dinocyon is an extinct genus of bear-like hemicyonid carnivore of the Miocene epoch, endemic to Europe living from around 20.3—5.3 Ma, existing for approximately . 
Taxonomy.
"Dinocyon" It was named by Jourdan (1861). It was assigned to Ursidae by Carroll (1988).
References.
Qiu Zhanziang (2006), "Dispersals of Neogene Carnivorans between Asia and North America 

</doc>
<doc id="21550844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550844" title="Jack Paradise">
Jack Paradise

Jack L. Paradise is a professor emeritus of pediatrics at University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and a leading researcher of the placement of tympanostomy tubes in children with persistent otitis media.
Research.
Paradise asserts that the common fear of developmental problems caused by persistent ear infections in children are unfounded. According to Paradise's research, for children up to 3 years old, "ear disease does not cause any developmental problems." The research asserts that if the insertion of tympanostomy tubes into a child's ear is delayed, there is "no effect on a child's performance on language tests and speech tests."
In otherwise healthy children ages 9 to 11 who have persistent middle-ear effusion, a study led by Paradise concluded that "prompt insertion of tympanostomy tubes does not improve developmental outcomes."
Impact on medical community.
According to the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, Paradise's studies have helped to promote the use of strict criteria for tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy. The 78% decline in pediatric tonsillectomies in the United States between 1971 and 1996 has also been largely attributed to his work.

</doc>
<doc id="21550851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550851" title="Moottori">
Moottori

Moottori () is the oldest automobile magazine in Finland, published by Yhtyneet Kuvalehdet.
It is the member magazine of the Automobile and Touring Club of Finland (ATCF) (in Finnish Autoliitto). The magazine has car tests, travel articles and articles of Finnish traffic policy.
See also.
List of magazines in Finland

</doc>
<doc id="21550854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550854" title="Upper Comet Falls">
Upper Comet Falls

Upper Comet Falls is a waterfall in Pierce County, Washington. It is located along Van Trump Creek and is located a ways above Comet Falls. The falls may have been formed as a result of the floods of 2003 and 2006 that came down Van Trump Creek. 
There used to be a bridge spanning the creek just below the falls, but it has been out since the debris flows in 2001 washed it away. The falls are easily seen from where the bridge used to be. Approaching the falls closely would not be terribly difficult, but one would have to climb over large boulders that were likely left there after the floods of 2003 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21550870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550870" title="List of Numbers episodes (season 4)">
List of Numbers episodes (season 4)

Season four of Numbers, an American television series, first aired on September 28, 2007 and ended on May 16, 2008. Because of the Writers Guild of America strike, only 12 episodes were initially produced for this season. Following the end of the strike, six more were announced.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21550872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550872" title="Fort Pitt Incline">
Fort Pitt Incline

The Fort Pitt Incline was a gauge funicular railroad in Pittsburgh, designed by Samuel Diescher. Built in 1882, it was abandoned by 1906. It ran from 2nd Avenue to Bluff Street, a distance of , and a vertical distance of . 

</doc>
<doc id="21550873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550873" title="Dan Castellaneta filmography">
Dan Castellaneta filmography

The following is a complete filmography of the actor Dan Castellaneta. Active since the 1980s, Castellaneta has appeared in numerous films, television series and video games. Along with his live-action work, he has often worked as a voice actor, including for his longest-running role as Homer Simpson in the animated sitcom "The Simpsons". Castellaneta has also written six episodes of the show with his wife Deb Lacusta, and has won three Primetime Emmy Awards Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for it.

</doc>
<doc id="21550880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550880" title="Zaragocyon">
Zaragocyon

Zaragocyon is an extinct genus of Hemicyonidae from Early Miocene of Spain. Only one species was descript, "Zaragocyon daamsi".

</doc>
<doc id="21550884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550884" title="Louis Léger">
Louis Léger

Louis Léger (1843–1923) was a French writer and pioneer in Slavic studies. He was honorary member of Bulgarian Literary Society (now Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, also member of Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres in Paris. Academic institutions in Saint-Petersburg, Belgrade and Bucharest had given him a different status of membership.
Léger studied under Aleksander Chodźko at the Collège de France, whose position he eventually succeeded in 1885 by taking up the "Slav Literature and Language" chair of Adam Mickiewicz, which he occupied until 1923. Léger claimed that those who had not lived during the Second French Empire could not possibly imagine the effect of Polish influence on French society. Léger helped translate various Polish works.

</doc>
<doc id="21550893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550893" title="Phoberocyon">
Phoberocyon

Phoberocyon is a large extinct genus of carnivorous Hemicyonid, found primarily in North America during the Miocene living from 20.6—16.3 mya, existing for approximately . One species, "P. hispanicus", is known from Miocene Spain.
Taxonomy.
"Phoberocyon" was named by Ginsburg (1955). It was assigned to Ursidae by Ginsburg (1955) and Carroll (1988); and to Hemicyoninae by Hunt (1998).
Morphology.
Two specimens were examined by Legendre and Roth for body mass.

</doc>
<doc id="21550897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550897" title="List of Numbers episodes (season 5)">
List of Numbers episodes (season 5)

Season five of Numbers, an American television series, first aired on October 3, 2008 and ended on May 15, 2009. The season premiere was moved back one week as a result of the presidential debates.
Season five opens three weeks after the fourth season's finale, "When Worlds Collide", with the government dropping the charges against Charlie. Charlie gets his security clearance back after he and Don fight FBI Security Officer Carl McGowan. Don begins to explore Judaism. The team adds new agent Nikki Betancourt, arriving shortly after Megan Reeve's departure. Liz receives a promotion but turns it down. Buck Winters (from "Spree" and "Two Daughters") breaks out of prison and comes after Don. Alan suddenly finds himself coaching CalSci's basketball team. David becomes Don's primary relief supervisor. DARPA tries to recruit Charlie, but he turns down their offer. Toward the end of the season, Don is stabbed, and Charlie blames himself for it. The aftermath of Don's stabbing causes Charlie to focus more on his FBI consultation work. Amita is kidnapped, and the team race to find her. After she is rescued, Charlie proposes to Amita. Her response is unknown.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21550903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550903" title="Emma Andijewska">
Emma Andijewska

Emma Andijewska (or "Emma Andiievska", ) (*March 19, 1931 in Stalino) is a modern Ukrainian poet, writer and painter. Her works are marked with surrealist style. Some of Andijewska's works have been translated to English and German. Andijewska lives and works in Munich. She is a member of the National union of writers of Ukraine, Ukrainian PEN Club, Free academy in Munich and Federal association of artists.
Biography.
Emma Andijewska was born on March 19, 1931 in Donetsk. Her father was a chemist-inventor, and her mother was an agriculturist by education. Emma Andiewska attended school only occasionally because of her frequent heavy diseases, and as such had to learn by herself. Because of this morbidity of the child her family moved to Vyshhorod in 1937, and later to Kiev in 1939. Emma Andijewska's father was shot by the Soviet authorities so that he could not transfer his discoveries to Germans.
Because of this the children and mother had to leave for Germany in 1943. The family lived in different cities of Germany, including in Berlin in an English zone of occupation. There Emma Andijewska has lain in plaster for three years being sick on a tuberculosis of a backbone. At the end of 1949 the family moved to Mittenwald, and later to Munich.
In 1957 Andijewska graduated from the Ukrainian Free University in Munich specializing in philosophy and philology. In 1957 the entire family moved to New York. In 1962 Andijewska was granted United States citizenship. In 1959 she married the Ukrainian literary critic, essayist and writer Ivan Koshelivets, and lived together with him for forty years. From 1955 to 1995 Andijewska worked as an announcer, a scripwriter and the editor of the Ukrainian department of Radio Liberty in Munich. She currently lives and works in Munich.
Style.
Emma Andijewska is often associated with the "New York group" of Ukrainian émigré writers. Their work is characterized by being purely esthetic and non-political. The poetry and prose of Andijewska has been often called surrealist. She emphasizes the important role of subconsciousness in her work. Spirituality and mysticism are also important aspects of her writing. The world view of Andijewska is somewhat similar to the ideas of Buddhism and Carlos Castaneda.
The works of Andijewska are complex and require erudition from the reader.

</doc>
<doc id="21550928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550928" title="Wavves (album)">
Wavves (album)

Wavves is the debut studio album by the American band Wavves. It was originally released on cassette format in September before being re-released on LP/CD formats.
Track listing.
All songs written by Nathan Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="21550935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550935" title="Brattsevo">
Brattsevo

Brattsevo () is an area in Yuzhnoye Tushino District of North-Western Administrative Okrug of Moscow, Russia; formerly a country estate and a village. It is located near the confluence of the Bratovka and the Skhodnya Rivers.
History.
For the first time mentioned in a last will dated 1565. From 1657 the village owned by a boyar Bogdan Khitrovo, who built there stone church of Intercession of the Virgin, preserved to our time. At that time (1680), in Brattsevo was 24 peasant yards and 49 residents. After the death of Khitrovo and his widow Maria Ivanovna, the village has been received by Cyril Naryshkin, relative of Peter the Great on his mother (1695).
Naryshkins owned of Brattsevo nearly a century. In 1780 the village was bought from the daughters of Cyril Naryshkin be Count Alexander Stroganoff, who immediately conveyed Brattsevo to his wife Catherine Petrovna. Soon after Count Stroganoff divorced the Countess because of her romance with Ivan Rimsky-Korsakov (former favorite of Catherine the Great), leaving Brattsevo to Catherine Petrovna. Countess Catherine P. Stroganoff lived in Brattsevo with Ivan Rimsky-Korsakov until her death (1815). After her death, Brattsevo was owned by Rimsky-Korsakov. Apparently, c. 1813 upon a picturesque hill near the village was created a complex estates and parks, existing to our time. The architect is expected to be Andrey Voronikhin, a former serf of Counts Stroganoff. Palace was built as an imitation of Villa Rotonda by Andrea Palladio. After the death of Rimsky-Korsakov (1831), Brattsevo was owned by his illegitimate son from Catherine Stroganoff, Colonel Vassily Ladomirsky. In summer 1866 in Brattsevo lived the artist Ivan Shishkin. His picture "Noon. Neighborhoods of Moscow" is based on his etudes of Brattsevo. In 1852 there were 25 peasant yards and 168 residents in Brattsevo, in 1898 - 49 yards and 209 residents. In 1888 was opened the parish school. In 1879, on the banks of Skhodnya on the site of mill, first referred to in the will in 1565, was constructed a cloth factory of Ivan Suvirov. The local farmers were not employed at this factory, as the manufacturer has wished the workers to be absolutely dependent. At this factory in 1885 occurred one of the first workers strike in Russia.
20th century.
The new owner of the Suvirov factory in 1915 became colonel Hutarev. After the February Revolution of 1917 a conflict happened between Hutarev and its workers. Hutarev tried to declare a lockout, but the factory committee had a factory management in their own hands. Hutarev refused to pay, while workers locked him in a shed and released him only after his wife brought the money from Moscow. In November 1917 the new conflict occurred, when in October some of the factory workers, being members of the Red Guard, took part in the passages of arms in Moscow and Hutarev refused to admit them to work after their return. As a result, he was arrested again by workers, but successfully escaped never to return again, leaving the factory under the rule of workers.
The last owner of estate was an archaeologist, director of the Imperial Historical Museum, Prince Nikolai Shcherbatov. After the revolution of 1917, he willingly transferred Brattsevo to the State, insisting, however, that it must be taken under state protection as a monument of architecture. For some time there was a museum in the palace, but soon (1922) it was closed. After that, the estate was turned into a relaxation house for Revolutionary Military Council "(Revvoensoviet)" and was reorganized as a sovkhoz by "Revvoensoviet", by based on landowner's economy. Soon, however, the sovkhoz and the estate had been transferred to agricultural institute. In 1928 the church bell tower was demolished, in 1930 the church was closed and converted into a factory. In 1935, in the estate became a sanatorium of Main Office of Northern Sea Route (Glavsevmorput '). Subsequently, there was a relaxation house of theater union.
Part of Moscow.
Since 1960, Brattsevo came within the boundaries of Moscow. Remains of the village were finally demolished in 1980, and on their place was built Tushino’s Children's Hospital. In early 2000-s, the wasteland outside the hospital was converted into a luxury cottage accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="21550946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550946" title="Kinassery">
Kinassery

Kinassery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21550950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550950" title="Damned (Eva Avila song)">
Damned (Eva Avila song)

"Damned" is the second single taken from Eva Avila's "Give Me the Music" album. The single reached Chum FMs 10 Most Wanted countdown numerous times and peaked at 21 on the CHUM Chart and 83 on the Canadian Hot 100.
Music video.
Scenes of the music video are shown with Avila sitting on a couch in a room, looking at pictures on the wall and showing her anger at her friends boyfriend. The music video premiered on eTalk on February 25, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21550952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550952" title="University of Sucre">
University of Sucre

The Universidad de Sucre (Unisucre) is a public, departmental, coeducational university located in Sincelejo, Sucre, Colombia. The university has three campus in the city. The main one, known as the Puerta Roja is the home for most of the faculties and has the largest student population. The second and smaller campus, known as Puerta Blanca, is home to the Faculty of Health Sciences and its near the University Hospital of Sincelejo. The third campus, known as Puerta Verde or the Granja Pericos is home to the Faculty of Agronomy Sciences and is in the outskirts of the city. The university offers education at undergraduate and postgraduate levels, with 16 academic programs across its five faculties.
Campus.
Library.
The "Pompeyo Molina" Library, which is an integral part of the university, is the biggest in Sincelejo and the department of Sucre. In 2004, the new facility was opened to the public and included 14,047 books and 39 magazine titles.
Academics.
Unisucre has 12 undergraduate programs across four academic departments:

</doc>
<doc id="21550958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550958" title="Darya Domracheva">
Darya Domracheva

Darya Vladimirovna Domracheva (, ; born 3 August 1986) is a Belarusian biathlete who has been competing in the Biathlon World Cup since 2006. She won three gold medals in the pursuit, individual, and mass start competitions at the 2014 Winter Olympics, and a bronze medal in the individual competition at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Career.
Domracheva started her sports career with cross-country skiing in 1992 but switched to biathlon in 1999. She originally represented Russia at youth level but received an offer to switch to Belarus in 2004. She joined Belarus’ national biathlon team in 2006 (made her junior team debut in 2005). Domracheva won sprint and pursuit at the 2005 IBU Youth and Junior World Championships in Kontiolahti (Finland). She finished 40th in the individual race (the diopter fell off, and she missed 5 targets at the third shooting stage.)
Domracheva took 3rd place in the pursuit and 4th place in the individual events at the 2006 Junior World Championships in Presque Isle, Maine. In 2007 she picked up two silver medals in sprint and pursuit at the Junior World Championships in Vall Martello, Italy.
Her breakthrough came during the 2008/2009 season when she earned two third places and one second place.
At the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver, she won the bronze medal in the Women's 15-kilometer individual race at the Whistler Olympic Park venue. Later in the same season, on 13 March, she won her first World Cup race in the sprint in Kontiolahti, Finland. The next day she also won the pursuit.
Domracheva was named Belarus' Female Athlete of the Year in 2010, and was also given the title of Honoured Master of Sport that year.
She is coached by former World Champion and Olympic medallist Klaus Siebert.
World Cup.
Domracheva won the Pursuit World Cup 2011–2012 and won the Mass Start World Cup 2011–2012. In the Total World Cup 2011–2012 she ended the season second with 1188 points behind Magdalena Neuner's 1216 points.
In the 2010–2011 season Domracheva won the Mass Start World Cup.
Record.
Individual victories.
"19 victories (4 Sp, 6 Pu, 3 In, 6 MS)" 
Personal life.
Domracheva was born in Minsk. When she was four her parents moved to the small town of Nyagan, Russia in Siberia. Her parents are architects, and at the time they were young people who wanted to build cities. Domracheva has stated: "You have to imagine: Nyagan is just one year older than me."
Domracheva started skiing when she was six. Nyagan was at its infancy then and there were few choices. She chose to do sports. The town has grown and developed in the meantime, there are more cultural events, it is no longer a problem to pass the time. She says: "When I was living there, we did not have anything of that." In cross-country ski races she was competing with boys, as she had no rivals among girls.
Sport was a way to let off steam for her. She said: "I‘ve always been excited about sports. When I saw skis, my eyes began to sparkle, just as other children‘s eyes did when seeing toys. I had a lot of energy as a child and I had to let it out. I was hard to contain." A biathlon school was opened in Nyagan in 1999, which Domracheva attended.
Domracheva attended university in Tyumen, and studied sports management from 2002 until 2003.
Domracheva's family moved back to Minsk in 2003. In Minsk they did not have a faculty of Sports Management, so Domracheva changed to studying Tourism Management at the Belarusian State Economic University. In 2009 she was writing her diploma thesis on the subject: Advertising in the tourism industry.
Domracheva's nickname is "Dasha".
Domracheva presented the voting result of Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 final on 18 May.
Film.
Domracheva used a video camera to document herself, her teammates and athletes from other countries from 2008 until after the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. The 500 hours of material was edited into a 50-minute movie. The movie gives a unique insight into the life of world class athletes during the whole year, from the few weeks of relaxation and rest in the spring, through the hard training during the summer and the fall, to the competition season between December and March. The movie shows athletes from many countries, living together, traveling together and competing together.

</doc>
<doc id="21550967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550967" title="John Thomson Mason">
John Thomson Mason

John Thomson Mason (15 March 1765 – 10 December 1824) was an American jurist and Attorney General of Maryland in 1806.
Early life.
Mason was born on 15 March 1765 at Chopawamsic in Stafford County, Virginia. He was the third child and youngest son of Thomson Mason and his wife Mary King Barnes.
Education and career.
Mason attained high rank at the bar, but twice declined the office of United States Attorney General when it was offered by Presidents Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. Mason ran for one of Maryland's seats in the United States Senate, but lost. He then served as Attorney General of Maryland in 1806.
Marriages and children.
Mason married Elizabeth Beltzhoover in 1797. He and Elizabeth had seven children:
Later life.
Mason died on 10 December 1824 at the age of 59. Mason was interred at his Montpelier estate in Clear Spring, Maryland.
Relations.
John Thomson Mason was a nephew of George Mason (1725–1792); son of Thomson Mason (1733–1785); brother of Stevens Thomson Mason (1760–1803); half-brother of William Temple Thomson Mason (1782–1862); first cousin of George Mason V (1753–1796); first cousin once removed of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–1838), George Mason VI (1786–1834), Richard Barnes Mason (1797–1850), and James Murray Mason (1798–1871); uncle of Armistead Thomson Mason (1787–1819) and John Thomson Mason (1787–1850); father of John Thomson Mason, Jr. (1815–1873); and great uncle of Stevens Thomson Mason (1811–1843).

</doc>
<doc id="21550983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550983" title="Frederick William Cadogan">
Frederick William Cadogan

Frederick William Cadogan DL, JP (16 December 1821 – 30 November 1904), styled The Honourable from 1831, was a British barrister and Liberal politician.
He was the fourth son of George Cadogan, 3rd Earl Cadogan and his wife Honoria Louisa Blake, daughter of Joseph Blake and sister of Joseph Blake, 1st Baron Wallscourt. Cadogan was educated at Westminster School and then at Oriel College, Oxford. He was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1847 and practised in the Northern Circuit.
Having unsuccessfully stood for Bridgnorth in 1852 and for Stafford five years later, Cadogan entered the British House of Commons in 1868, sitting as Member of Parliament (MP) for Cricklade until 1874. He was a Deputy Lieutenant for Middlesex and represented the same county as well as Westminster as a Justice of the Peace.
On 29 November 1851, Cadogan married Lady Adelaide Paget, eight daughter of Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey. They had three daughters and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="21550993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550993" title="Midwest Schools">
Midwest Schools

Midwest School is a public school in the Natrona County School District in Midwest, Wyoming, USA. It is the only school in the district that serves students in preschool through 12th grade. The school has about 175 students who come from the communities of Midwest and Edgerton, as well as from Casper.

</doc>
<doc id="21550998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550998" title="Mills Elementary School">
Mills Elementary School

Mills Elementary School or Mills Elementary may refer to the following elementary schools: 

</doc>
<doc id="21550999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21550999" title="Westerburg-Leiningen-Leiningen">
Westerburg-Leiningen-Leiningen

Leiningen-Westerburg was an historic state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the vicinity of Leiningen and Westerburg in what is now the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. 
Westerburg-Leiningen-Leiningen was formed in 1547 when, upon the death of Kuno II, Count of Leiningen-Westerburg, Leiningen-Westerburg was divided into Westerburg-Leiningen-Leiningen and Westerburg-Leiningen-Westerburg.
This state was ruled by a branch of the House of Leiningen. It lasted until 1705, when it was absorbed by Leiningen-Schaumberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21551002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551002" title="Paper organization">
Paper organization

A paper organization is any group which exists more in theory than reality. The term "paper organization" is used in two different contexts, that of the military and that of the labor movement.
Military.
For the military, a unit which is not combat-ready due to a planned or unplanned lack of men or basic equipment, but which remains in existence on the books, is called a "paper organization." Such a rating of an organization is a regular part of the planning process and the term is not pejorative.
Political.
In the trade union and radical political movements, a "paper organization" is a group ostensibly in existence for a specific purpose, but which remains a phantom. For example, a single individual might claim to represent a non-existing local unit of a national organization in attempt to gain admission as a delegate and thus help "pack" a national convention in favor of a particular faction. Such a phantom unit would be called a "paper organization." Alternatively, the term can be used with regards to a single-interest group with an impressive name but no greater existence than a letterhead and a mailing address, and no concrete existence in fact. Some so-called Communist front groups were an example of this latter form of "paper organization."

</doc>
<doc id="21551015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551015" title="R310 road (Ireland)">
R310 road (Ireland)

The R310 road is a regional road in County Mayo, Ireland. South to north the route connects the town of Castlebar to Ballina. En route it crosses over a strait linking Lough Conn and Lough Cullin at Pontoon, part of River Moy outflow.
The road is in north County Mayo and is long.

</doc>
<doc id="21551036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551036" title="Ham radio (disambiguation)">
Ham radio (disambiguation)

Ham Radio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21551047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551047" title="West Virginia's congressional districts">
West Virginia's congressional districts

The U.S. state of West Virginia currently has three congressional districts, each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Current districts and representatives.
List of members of the West Virginian United States House delegation, district boundaries, and the district political ratings according to the CPVI. The delegation has a total of 3 members, with 2 Republicans, and 1 Democrat.
Obsolete districts.
District 4.
"See main article at "
The 4th district was eliminated by the 1990 United States Census.
District 5.
"See main article at "
The 5th district was eliminated by the 1970 United States Census.
District 6.
"See main article at "
The 6th district was eliminated by the 1960 United States Census.
At-large District.
West Virginia's at-large congressional district existed between 1913 and 1917, but it is now obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="21551129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551129" title="Organization of the New York City Police Department">
Organization of the New York City Police Department

The Organization of the New York City Police Department is structured into numerous bureaus and units. As a whole, the New York City Police Department is headed by the New York City Police Commissioner, a civilian administrator appointed by the Mayor of New York City, with the senior sworn uniformed member of the service titled "Chief of Department". The Police Commissioner appoints a number of Deputy and Assistant Commissioners. The Department is divided into ten bureaus, six of which are enforcement bureaus. Each enforcement bureau is sub-divided into sections, divisions, and units, and into patrol boroughs, precincts, and detective squads. Each Bureau is commanded by a Bureau Chief (such as the Chief of Patrol, the Chief of Housing, Chief of Internal Affairs). There are also a number of specialized units (such as the Operations Unit and CompStat) that are not part of any of the Bureaus and report to the Chief of the Department.
Leadership.
The Department is headed by and under the control of a civilian Police Commissioner, who is appointed by the Mayor of New York City. The current Police Commissioner is William Bratton.
The Department's executive staff is divided into two areas: civilian and uniformed. The civilian staff are responsible for support services and Departmental management while uniformed officers investigate crimes and conduct law enforcement operations.
Structure.
The following is the Department's hierarchy (with rank insignia):
Mayor of the City of New York - Bill de Blasio
Patrol Services Bureau.
Overview.
The Patrol Services Bureau is one of the most visible units of the NYPD. The Bureau plans, directs, and coordinates the Department's uniformed officers in law enforcement patrol operations. Under the Chief of Patrol, there are eight Borough Commands, each headed by an Assistant Chief. While each of the City's five Borough has at least one Patrol Borough Command, three of the Boroughs have two commands. The Borough Commands exercise authority over the various seventy-seven Police Precincts.
Police precincts.
Each patrol borough is composed of precincts. Each precinct is responsible for safety and law enforcement within a designated geographic area. Police units based in these precincts patrol and respond to emergencies.
Staten Island now has four precincts: the 120th, 121st (new), 122nd, and 123rd. There are plans to begin construction in 2014 on a new building for the 120th precinct.
Queens South began operating a satellite for the large 105th precinct in the southern part of the precinct next to the Rosedale LIRR station in July 2007. This building was, until then, the quarters for the Queens South Task Force, the Queens South Auto-Larceny Unit, the Queens South Anti-Crime Unit, the Queens South Evidence Collection Team and the Detective Bureau's Queens Major Case Squad.
Specialized Units.
Emergency Service Unit.
The Emergency Service Unit, a component of the Special Operations Division, provides specialized support and advanced equipment to other NYPD units.
Members of "ESU" are cross trained in multiple disciplines for police and rescue work. The ESU Canine Unit helps with searches for perpetrators and missing persons. The Emergency Service Unit also functions as a Special Weapons and Tactics Unit (SWAT) and NYPD hostage negotiators assist and secure the safety of hostages. The Emergency Services Unit works with other departments such as the FDNY with water rescues, suicide-jumpers, structural collapse rescues, and vehicle accidents. The ESU also has jet skis and numerous Zodiac inflatable rafts assigned to units throughout the precincts of NYC.
Aviation Unit.
Founded in 1928, it claims the distinction of being the oldest police aviation unit in the world, but there is a competing claim from the London Metropolitan Police Service ("The Met"). Based in Brooklyn, the Aviation Unit responds to various emergencies and tasks, supporting other units of the N.Y.P.D. Among its capabilities are the deployment of divers for water rescues. From a standing start, the unit claims it can be anywhere in the five boroughs within 15 minutes, but this has been disputed and is dependent on weather conditions and air traffic congestion.
Since 9/11 the department has undertaken a major overhaul of the Aviation Unit. Once equipped exclusively with Bell helicopters, it recently re-equipped its fleet with seven Agusta A 119 Koala helicopters. The centerpiece is a $9.8 million "unmarked" helicopter, which can fly at night without lights. However, this function will require approval from the Federal Aviation Administration and local Air Traffic Control on a case-by-case basis, due to the hazards it could present in the heavily congested New York air corridors. The department has also purchased a state-of-the-art helicopter flight simulator, so officers can practice flying without actually having to take up a helicopter. In 2011 the department said they had .50 caliber machine guns capable of shooting down light planes.
Famed US cyclist Mile-a-Minute Murphy claimed to be the first police officer able to fly a plane in the US (possibly the entire world) as of 1914 as a member of the NYPD. He envisioned the use of airplanes to fight crime around the same time, though the Aviation Unit came into being 11 years after Murphy retired.
Harbor Unit and Scuba Team.
On March 15, 1858, five members of the New York City Police Department rowed out into New York Harbor to combat piracy aboard merchant ships lying at anchor. The NYPD Harbor Unit has existed ever since, protecting life and property. With hundreds of miles of inland waterways to cover, the unit operates 27 boats from three bases.
For underwater work, the department used to contract with private diving companies when weapons or other evidence had to be recovered from the bottom of New York's many rivers and waterways. In the early 1970s, however, the Harbor Unit formed a specialized scuba team that today numbers around 30 officers. Unlike many police dive units, whose members dive only part-time, NYPD divers are assigned to the unit full-time. (The exception are some scuba-trained officers in regular patrol units who are detailed to the team temporarily during the busy summer months.) In addition to the normal duties of evidence recovery, the Scuba Team's mission has expanded since 9/11 to include a counter-terrorism role. For air-sea rescue work, the Harbor Unit keeps two divers assigned to the Aviation Unit 24 hours a day, seven days per week, all year round. These divers will work with their counterparts in the FDNY, who arrive at incidents by fireboat or rescue company.
Mounted Unit.
The NYPD Mounted Unit was created in 1871 and is used today in the Patrol units. The unit has 112 human uniformed officers and supervisors and approximately 120 horse officers.
Auxiliary Police.
The NYPD has an unpaid, unarmed reserve police force known as the Auxiliary Police. NYPD Auxiliary Police officers complete a training course designated by the NYS Municipal Police Training Council as "part time peace officer" training course. In accordance with New York State law Auxiliary Police Officers are equipped with Police batons. They also carry Police radios and in accordance with NYC administrative code they carry handcuffs. They assist the Police Department with uniformed patrols and provide crowd and vehicular control at special events, accidents, and fire scenes.
Organized Crime Control Bureau.
The Organized Crime Control Bureau (O.C.C.B.) is charged with the investigation and prevention of organized crime within New York City. This is mainly done through standard police investigation and the use of confidential informants. The Organized Crime Control Bureau has numerous units and sub-units that investigate matters such as organized auto larceny rings, unlawful firearms, and prostitution. The Organized Crime Control Bureau utilizes undercover police officers to infiltrate various criminal organizations. The Organized Crime Control Bureau has been effective against the Italian Mafia, "the westies" of the Irish Mob, Chinese Mafia, East German Mafia, and Russian mafia organized criminal elements. The Organized Crime Control Bureau's Joint Organized Crime Task Force works in cooperation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation's New York Field Division (the largest FBI office in the US).
Transit Bureau.
The NYPD Transit Bureau is a part of the NYPD that patrols and responds to emergencies within the New York City transit system. Its responsibility includes the NYC Subways in Manhattan, the Bronx, Brooklyn, and Queens. However, there are certain units that have citywide responsibilities such as the Homeless Outreach Unit and the Vandals Task Force.
The Transit Bureau is divided into Transit Borough Commands. These Borough Commands generally follow the boundaries of the City's geographical boroughs, although there are some notable exceptions. Since there are no subways on Staten Island, there are only four Transit Boroughs: Queens, Bronx, Brooklyn, and Manhattan. Each Transit Borough is further divided into Transit Districts.
As a general rule, each Borough is commanded by an Inspector while Transit Districts tend to be commanded by Captains. The NYPD Detective Bureau investigates all crimes that occur in Transit. Each borough office has assigned detectives from the Detective Bureau similar to the Precinct Detective Squad. As of June 15, 2006 all detectives assigned to investigate transit crimes fall under a unified command Robbery Section of the Detective Bureau's Special Investigations Division.
Housing Bureau.
The Housing Bureau is responsible for providing the security and delivery of police services to 420,000 residents, employees and guests of public housing (projects) throughout New York City. They are stationed in Police Service Areas (PSA), which are almost identical to police precincts, with nine PSAs in total located throughout the five boroughs. Officers often do vertical patrols, making sure illegal activity does not take place in the halls, stairways, or the roof.
Transportation Bureau.
The Transportation Bureau's responsibilities include traffic enforcement, traffic management, and highway safety.
Special units within the New York City Police Department Transportation Bureau include the Highway Patrol, Traffic Management Center, Traffic Operations District, Citywide Traffic Task Force and the Traffic Enforcement District.
Specialized Units.
Highway Patrol.
The New York City Police Department Highway Patrol is a specialized unit under the auspices of the NYPD's Transportation Bureau primarily responsible for patrolling and maintaining traffic safety on limited-access highways within New York City. The NYPD Highway Patrol's other duties and roles include accident investigations, advanced driver and radar training for NYPD officers, field sobriety testing, dignitary and parade escorts, hazardous material and truck traffic enforcement, anti-drag racing programs, and anti-terrorist checkpoints at key bridges and intersections in the city.
The Transportation Bureau also included the Transit Division from 1997 to 1999. That division was upgraded to bureau status, as it once had from 1995 to 1997 and again in 1999.
Traffic Enforcement District.
NYPD Traffic Enforcement has many duties including directing traffic, enforcing parking regulations, towing vehicles, providing highway assistance, and enforcing laws related to roadway construction. The men and women in Traffic Enforcement are referred to as Traffic Enforcement Agents (TEAs), and wear uniforms similar to the uniform worn by School Safety Agents. There are four levels for Traffic Enforcement Agents with each level handling different duties. Level one focuses on parking regulation enforcement, level two focuses on directing traffic, level three focuses on towing vehicles, and level four focuses on a variety of special duties, including specialized enforcement such as street construction or truck weight regulations. Only TEAs of Level 4 status have peace officer powers, which allows them to carry handcuffs and make warrantless arrests. TEAs of Level 1–3 status have the authority to issue summonses for parking and moving violations, but no other authority. Older Traffic Enforcement vehicles are dark blue or black with white decals and newer vehicles are white with light blue decals. Like School Safety Agents, non-supervisor TEAs wear badges that are oval with an eagle on top, in contrast to the shield worn by police officers and the seven point star worn by Auxiliary officers.
Detective Bureau.
Specialized Units.
Special Victims Division.
The Special Victims Division created in 2003 oversees all the borough Special Victims Squads. The Special Victims Division is part of the New York City Police Department Detective Bureau and investigates the following types of cases:
Additional sub-units of the Special Victims Division are listed below:
The television series "" describes fictionalizations of some of the Special Victims Division's cases.
Major Case Squad.
The Major Case Squad, which is a unit within the Special Investigation Division of the New York City Police Department Detective Bureau, is located at One Police Plaza in Manhattan. It handles the following cases:
Unlike the fictional Major Case Squad as depicted in "", the squad does not investigate homicides.
Other units.
Taxi Squad/Anti-Crime.
Anti-Crime is a unit that is located in all precincts, transit districts (TD), and housing police service areas (PSA). These officers perform patrol services work in their respective command. They are generally tasked differently from a typical uniformed patrol unit. Unlike uniformed patrol units whose main goal is to provide a visible presence in the streets in an effort to deter crime, Anti-Crime tries to avoid detection in an effort to spot criminals during criminal activity in order to arrest them. Anti-Crime officers, unlike patrol units, are not required to handle typical radio runs, such as accidents, disputes, and general policing calls that uniformed officers are called on for a majority of their jobs. Anti-Crime officers are typically tasked with finding felony suspects, such as those possessing weapons, or committing recurring crimes in the area. If a certain crime is spiking in an area, such as burglary, Anti-Crime officers will be tasked with finding those responsible, usually through following the suspects.
To find street criminals it is important for Anti-Crime officers to not be easily spotted. AC officers therefore typically (though not always) wear plainclothes that match the clothing common to the area. They will always patrol in unmarked vehicles, that cannot be identified at first glance. Some vehicles are simply street appearance editions of standard police vehicles such as the Ford Crown Victoria, Chevrolet Impala, and Ford Taurus. However, they can also use vehicles that are not typically vehicles used by law enforcement, including Honda Accords, Jeep Cherokees, and others. These officers sometimes work in uniform depending on the nature of their assignment.
In the past, Anti-Crime functions were conducted by the city-wide Street Crimes Unit. However, after several police involved shootings where the cops had their trials conducted in the media, although they were all acquitted at trial, a notoriety gained from its reputation of aggressive tactics, it was disbanded and replaced by Anti-Crime units that serve the same purpose but fall under the command of the special operations lieutenants or captains in their respective precincts.
Real Time Crime Center.
Located on the eighth floor of Police Headquarters, at One Police Plaza, the Real Time Crime Center is essentially a data warehouse and search engine operated by a staff of detectives that assists in providing relevant and timely information to officers conducting an investigation. The computer network stores facts about convicted persons, suspects, encounters, nicknames and items of seemingly trivial value whose correlation could assist in an investigation. The computer network's control room can display real-time satellite and surveillance camera images and hosts a wireless link to police vehicles equipped to generate sketches at crime scenes and transmit them for comparison to stored data.
Task Forces.
The Task Forces are organized within each patrol borough and specialize in rapid mobilization for disorder control. The task forces can quickly respond to an incident location and mobilize to a precision suppression force to disperse disorderly groups and provide perimeter security. The task forces also assist other units in a variety of different elements such as in wide area searches for missing persons, DWI vehicle checkpoints, and supplemental patrol in high crime areas.
Technical Assistance Response Unit.
The Technical Assistance Response Unit (TARU) provides investigative technical equipment and tactical support to all bureaus within the department, in addition they also provide assistance to other city, state and federal agencies. The unit also deals with several forms of computer forensics. The unit is based in NYPD headquarters at One Police Plaza.
Movie and Television Unit.
Founded in 1966, the NYPD Movie/TV Unit was the first of its kind in the country. Because of its relationship with the NYPD, the unit has the greatest knowledge on how to assist productions, particularly with complex shooting situations, in a city that is dense with vehicular and pedestrian traffic. In addition to this expertise, their services are free to productions filming in the city.
Whether it conducts filming on bridges, highways, or busy intersections, the unit controls traffic to ensure that companies can get shots that may otherwise be impossible. In addition, the city's many police related shows, such as "Law & Order" and "Third Watch", generate "crime scenes" which are supervised by the Movie/TV Unit. The unit's responsibilities do not end there; the unit also monitors child work permits, stunts, prop firearms, placement of equipment, pedestrian safety, and parking.
While filming on busy New York City streets presents countless challenges, the unit has, over the years, developed a strong working relationship with the film industry. The unit makes an effort to ensure that New York City remains a popular location for filming.
Until the election of Mayor Rudolph Giuliani in 1994, the unit occasionally assisted with pornographic productions. But Giuliani put a stop to this as part of his effort to clean up the streets of New York City. In 1997, porn producer Michael Lucas filed a lawsuit against the Police Department and Giuliani citing discriminating practices used by the Movie/TV Unit against porn productions. The lawsuit was dropped in September 1998 when a district judge granted a motion to dismiss on behalf of the NYPD.
Crime Scene Unit.
The Crime Scene Unit (CSU) is a unit within the Forensic Investigations Division of the New York City Police Department Detective Bureau.
The Unit is responsible for forensic investigations of all homicides and sexual assaults, as well as other crimes as deemed necessary by an investigating supervisor. Members of the Crime Scene Unit assist the precinct detectives in the processing of a crime scene as well as determining the proper routing of evidence between the NYC Office of the Chief Medical Examiner, the NYPD Police Lab and the NYPD Property Clerk.
The Crime Scene Unit is composed of NYPD detectives (or occasionally police officers that are awaiting their promotion to detective), not civilian technicians like crime scene units in other parts of the U.S. Generally these detectives come from an Evidence Collection Team which is operated at the borough level.
The Crime Scene Unit covers all of the boroughs of New York City, but is staffed with less than 1% of the total number of detectives in the NYPD. These detectives are dedicated to doing what is necessary to ensure that the precinct detectives and the District Attorney have as much evidence to identify the perpetrator of the crime and convict them at trial.
The Crime Scene Unit has at its disposal many tools to process a crime scene including the materials needed to develop fingerprints, cast footwear and tire impressions, follow the trajectory of bullets fired through windows and the chemicals necessary to observe blood under special lighting conditions that would otherwise be invisible to the naked eye. The unit is also trained to process a crime scene in a hazardous environment, for example following a nuclear, biological or chemical attack.
The NYPD Crime Scene Unit will handle in excess of 1,000 runs a year, a large drop from the busy days of the crack wars in the 1980s where 3,000 runs a year was common. Although there are fewer runs, each crime scene involves much more work these days. The common use of modern equipment unavailable previously, as well as the increase in computer generated case work and sketches means the amount of time spent on each individual case has drastically increased. The modern-era case load of 1,000 also takes into account the fact that the patrol borough based Evidence Collection Teams handle the vast majority of burglaries and robberies as well as assaults where the victim is not likely to die, leaving the Crime Scene Unit to focus on more serious incidents.
Recently the NYPD Crime Scene Unit has come under scrutiny by higher-ranking members of the NYPD as well as the local press. Claims that the unit has incorrectly processed multiple high-profile cases have been leveled against the unit. Claims against the current Commanding Officer of the Crime Scene Unit Deputy Inspector Gary Gomula as well as the Executive Officer Michael Kletzel have been made citing their mismanagement of Detectives during major investigations has led to evidence being mishandled or missed completely.
A February 1, 2008 article in the NY "Daily News" leveled accusations that both Gomula and Kletzel have had the Police Commissioner's attention drawn to them after ballistic evidence was missed in investigations involving shot police officers. According to the article there was also concern about the recent spike in disciplinary issues in the unit. A former Crime Scene Investigator was quoted as saying "More panic management, the top people don't know what they are doing, so they panic and slap people for every little thing. A sign of trouble." The Police Commissioner is reported as being so concerned he has hired an outside expert to look into the practices of the unit.
Another article in the NY "Daily News" on February 2, 2008 mentioned a lack of manpower and shortcuts demanded by D.I. Gomula led to cases being compromised again and again. The article mentions claims from sources that on the day of the Sean Bell shooting a rush to prepare charts and diagrams for a briefing led to ballistic evidence being overlooked. Ballistic evidence was later found by the Internal Affairs Bureau according to the article.
In yet another story printed in the "Daily News" on March 3, 2008 a retired detective named Ira Scott claimed that he was injured in an incident while assigned to the Crime Scene Unit and that he was retaliated against by the supervisors in the unit for filing a claim for the injury. The article also states that at least four other detectives are considering filing charges that they were denied promotions or specialized training by the commanding officer or other supervisors. Detective Scott's lawyer Eric Sanders was quoted as saying "The collective managerial incompetence has led to the downfall of this elite unit." Claims were also made that the Commanding Officer Gary Gomula fired his service weapon during a training session, almost striking two detectives, and that he improperly removed a shotgun from a crime scene to show it in a press briefing before it was photographed in the scene, something that would violate most common practices for processing a crime scene.
Most recently an article printed on March 4, 2008 in the "Daily News" attributed a major error in the handling of the crime scene involving the police shooting of Sean Bell to the Executive Officer Captain Michael Kletzel. The article claims that in a rush to try and find a firearm in the car belonging to Sean Bell, Captain Kletzel ordered members of the Crime Scene Unit to dismantle the vehicle's door before the scene was finished being processed. They claim that this was done in such a rushed and unorganized manner that the door's hinges were lost and replacements had to be purchased from a local junkyard. The door being removed becomes an issue according to the article because a reconstruction of the shooting was to be done at a later date and the removal of the door could alter the results. Assistant Chief Michael Collins stated that these accusations were a smear campaign against the supervisors in the unit by disgruntled unit members and that the door being removed was a non-issue and had no bearing on the investigation.
The CSU is fictionally portrayed in the CBS TV drama "".
Evidence Collection Teams.
The Evidence Collection Teams are tasked with the collection of evidence at crime scenes in their respective boroughs that are not determined to be at the level necessary to require the Crime Scene Unit. Each patrol borough (Manhattan South, Manhattan North, Bronx, Staten Island, Queens North, Queens South, Brooklyn North and Brooklyn South) has their own Evidence Collection Team under the control of the respective borough commander. The Evidence Collection Teams are staffed by police officers, sergeants and usually headed by a Lieutenant.
The Evidence Collection Teams were started in Manhattan South by Lt. James Robert (Ret.) to take some of the pressure off the Crime Scene Unit and the precinct detective squads by forming a forensic unit to bridge the gap between precinct latent print officers and the Crime Scene Unit. The Evidence Collection Team processes crime scenes pertaining to burglaries, robberies, assaults where the victim is not likely to die, felonious larcenies and other crimes as directed by the duty captain.
Many of the police officers that originally started in the Evidence Collection Team have gone on to transfer to the Crime Scene Unit and become detectives. This transfer is difficult, due to the change from the Patrol Services Bureau to the Detective Bureau, as well as the fact that there are over 150 members of the various Evidence Collection Teams usually vying for one or two slots in Crime Scene.
Although Crime Scene is expected to handle many of the newsworthy or high-profile cases in the city, quite often the Manhattan South Evidence Collection Team is called out to jobs in the Midtown Manhattan area that involve celebrities and wind up on the cover of national newspapers. Recent examples of this include the shooting involving Remy Ma (the rapper) as well as the incident involving Sean "Puffy" Combs and Jennifer Lopez in December 1999.
School Safety Division.
The School Safety Division is the school police force for New York City Department of Education schools. The agency is a division of the New York City Police Department, and is one of the largest law enforcement agencies in New York City.
Cadet Corps.
The New York City Police Department Cadet Corps is a form of internship with the New York City Police Department. The program is open to New York City residents who are enrolled in college and have completed 15 or more credits. Residents who have not yet completed a 15 credit requirement are able to join under certain circumstances.
Paid Detail Unit.
The Paid Detail Unit is a program within the New York City Police Department allowing private corporations to hire NYPD police officers for security duties. The program has been used by various companies associated with Wall Street over the last several years and has recently come to prominence due to conflicts with the Occupy Wall Street group.

</doc>
<doc id="21551135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551135" title="Godefroid Munongo">
Godefroid Munongo

Godefroid Munongo Mwenda M'Siri (1925–1992) was a politician of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He was a minister and briefly the interim President in 1961. It has been claimed he was involved in ethnic cleansing and in the assassination of Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba.
Biography.
Munongo was born on the 20 November 1925 in Bunkeya, Haut-Katanga District. He was a descendant of King Msiri of the Nyamwezi who founded the State of Garenganze in the last half of the nineteenth century. In 1960 he was the second man in the CONAKAT alongside Moïse Kapenda Tshombe. Munongo was interim president of Katanga Province from 26 April to 22 June 1961.
Munongo was Minister of Interior for the Congo in 1965 and he then led the eastern Katanga province until 24 April 1966 when the province merged with the neighbouring province of Lualaba. He was Governor of South Katanga until 5 November 1966.
It has been claimed he was involved in ethnic cleansing of 1960 to 1962 in Katanga and tried to get Belgium to help him. Munongo was involved in the death of Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba in 1961. Before his death Munongo had been quoted in a newspaper as saying that if Lumumba came to Katanga then he would do what the Belgians could not do and that was to kill him. Lumumba and two other ministers were beaten on a plane journey to Katanga. Near the airport at Luano in Lubumbashi they were all tortured and Lumumba was personally assaulted by Katangan leaders including Munongo and Belgian officers. After they were shot by a firing squad their bodies were dissolved in acid. In reports Munongo said, "I will speak frankly, If people accuse us of killing Lumumba, I will reply: 'Prove it.' "
Munongo was recognised by the council of notables as the fifth Msiri and he was enthroned on the 12 September 1976. The families web site records that Munongo was going to break his silence on the death of Lumumba, however, on the day of the announcement he suffered a heart attack and died on 28 May 1992
Munongo's son is involved in politics too.

</doc>
<doc id="21551136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551136" title="Westerburg-Leiningen-Westerburg">
Westerburg-Leiningen-Westerburg

Leiningen-Westerburg was an historic state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the vicinity of Leiningen and Westerburg in what is now the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. 
Westerburg-Leiningen-Leiningen was formed in 1547 when, upon the death of Kuno, Count of Leiningen-Westerburg, Leiningen-Westerburg was divided into Westerburg-Leiningen-Leiningen and Westerburg-Leiningen-Westerburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21551174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551174" title="Roosevelt High School (Casper, WY)">
Roosevelt High School (Casper, WY)

Roosevelt High School is a public school in the Natrona County School District in Casper, Wyoming. It is an alternative high school that provides small classes, credit recovery, and college courses for students in grades nine through 12. About 140 students attend the school.
Roosevelt is home to a unique personal and social responsibility program, in which students and staff members travel together to the Boys & Girls Club of Central Wyoming each morning to share breakfast, fellowship, and exercise in small-group settings.

</doc>
<doc id="21551262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551262" title="Philip Eliot (priest)">
Philip Eliot (priest)

In 1886 he was appointed Canon of the ninth stall at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, a position he held until 1891 when he was made Dean of Windsor from 1891 until his death on 1 November 1917.
His son Philip Eliot was the second Bishop of Buckingham.
Family.
Philip Frank Eliot was married twice:

</doc>
<doc id="21551323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551323" title="Mirani, Sindh">
Mirani, Sindh

Mirani is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 27°14'45N 68°39'20E with an altitude of 38 metres (127 feet).
Mirani is a also the name of a caste in Sindh.

</doc>
<doc id="21551330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551330" title="Eleanor of Castile (died 1244)">
Eleanor of Castile (died 1244)

Eleanor of Castile (? –1244) was a daughter of Alfonso VIII of Castile and Eleanor of England. She was Queen consort of Aragon by her arranged marriage to James I of Aragon.
Her mother was a daughter of Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine. Eleanor’s sister Berengaria became Queen of Castile since their brother Henry I of Castile died with no issue and because Berengaria was the eldest of the daughters. Another sister, Blanche became Queen of France by her marriage to Louis VIII of France.
Marriage.
In 1221 at Ágreda, Eleanor married James I; she was nineteen and he was fourteen. The next six years of James’s reign were full of rebellions on the part of the nobles. By the Peace of Alcalá of 31 March 1227, the nobles and the king came to terms. The pair were married for political reasons rather than love. 
The marriage produced one son:
When the marriage was annulled in 1230, Alfonso was declared legitimate but his half siblings by James’ second wife Violant of Hungary inherited James’ kingdom when he died.
Later life.
Eleanor became a nun after her marriage, she went to the Abbey of Santa María la Real de Las Huelgas with her elder sister Berengaria who had retired from ruling Castile and Leon. Both sisters died there, Eleanor died in 1244 and Berengaria died two years later. Both sisters are buried in the Abbey.
Burial.
After her death, the corpse of Eleanor was buried in Monastery of Las Huelgas in Burgos.
Her remains were deposited in a tomb which is now placed in the Nave of Santa Catarina or the Gospel, and lies between containing the remains of Philip, son of Sancho IV and María de Molina, which is placed to the right, and containing the remains of Peter, brother of the former.
During the examination of the monastery of the strikes carried out in the middle of the twentieth century it was found that the remains of Eleanor, mummified and in good condition, lay in her tomb of limestone; the roof had two slopes and was smooth, although in the past was polychrome.
The coffin in which were the remains of the queen, whose mummy estaura measured 1'60 metres and was with his hands crossed on her chest, was wooden and devoid of cover, although there were still remnants of its shell and lysed cross made of gold braid studded, as well as clothing that was buried with the Queen, among which highlighted three of brocade garments in Arabic, which in the opinion of Manuel Gómez Moreno are similar to those found in the grave of Philip, son of Eleanor’s nephew Ferdinand III.

</doc>
<doc id="21551332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551332" title="Taedongmun">
Taedongmun

"Not to be confused with Dongdaemun, the old east gate of Seoul"
Taedong Gate is the eastern gate of the inner castle of the walled city of Pyongyang (Pyongyang Castle), and one of the National Treasures of North Korea. Located on the banks of the Taedong River, from which it gets its name, the gate was originally built in the sixth century as an official Koguryo construction, and, along with the Ryongwang Pavilion and Pyongyang Bell, served as the center of the inner castle's eastern defenses.The present construction dates from 1635, however, as the original was burnt to the ground during the Imjin wars of the late 16th century.
The current gate features a granite base topped by a two-story pavilion, called the Euphoru Pavilion (읍호루, ), because of its grand views of the Taedong River. This pavilion houses two hanging name plaques, one, on the first storey, reading "Taedong Gate" and calligraphed Yang Sa-on, and the other, reading "Upho Pavilion", on the second storey and written by Pak Wi (박위, 朴葳, ?∼1398).
It is National Treasure #4 in North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="21551340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551340" title="Philippi, Cape Town">
Philippi, Cape Town

Philippi is one of the larger townships in Cape Town, South Africa, although the exact size is unknown. Regarding to the 2011 Census approx. 191 000 people live in Philippi.
The township is relatively new. Along with Khayelitsha and Delft, it was founded in the 1980s.
Philippi is seen by government and businesses as ideal for certain business related developments. Although it is also known to grow about 80% of Cape Town's vegetables in the farmland just outside the township, this area of Philippi is slated for a number of large developments including the 'Philippi Mini-City'.
History.
The first community of local residents was recorded in 1833 during which time it was known as "Die Duine" (The Dunes). Until the 1970s the area was mainly used for grazing with a few farms located in the area. Rapid residential growth began in the late 1970s and early 1980s as apartheid policies as economic migrants from the former Ciskei and Transkei homelands in the Eastern Cape settled in nearby Nyanga, Langa, Gugulethu, Crossroads, Browns Farm and Samora Machel. As resistance to apartheid grew in the 1980s Philippi increasingly became a place of refuge from the political unrest in the former homelands. Additional residents came to live in Philippi when farms in Mitchell's Plain were eliminated due to urban sprawl.

</doc>
<doc id="21551358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551358" title="Mirani, Balochistan">
Mirani, Balochistan

Mirani is a town in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 28°32'20N 66°19'20E with an altitude of 1877 metres (6161 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="21551369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551369" title="Spring Silkworms">
Spring Silkworms

"Spring Silkworms" ("Chun Can") is a novella by the Chinese author Mao Dun about the experience of Chinese villagers engaging in sericulture.
History.
Mao Dun dates the story November 1, 1932. It is part of a trilogy, together with "Autumn Harvest" and "Winter Ruin".
Subject Matter and Themes.
The major subject matter of "Spring Silkworms" is the difficulty villagers encounter in attempting to profit from their participation in the silk business. The story concludes, "Because they raised a crop of spring silkworms, the people in Old Tung Pao's village got deeper into debt."
A major theme of the story is the complexity the villagers face in dealing with inputs to the process (such as eggs, mulberry leaves, and equipment) and the loans they must take out to finance their activities. Complexity is added by the intrusion of foreign-owned silk processing plants ("filatures").
Historical significance.
"Spring Silkworms" deals with economic issues that came to be an important factor in the worldview of the Chinese Communist Party—and hence of the Chinese government after the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
Comparative Perspective.
"Spring Silkworms" bears comparison with other works of modern literature, particularly literature dealing with the lives of people living on China's economic margins.
The Good Earth by Pearl Buck describes the lives of Chinese peasants, and their economically precarious condition, during the period roughly contemporary with the story related in "Spring Silkworms".
English translations.
Foreign Languages Press (Beijing) published an English translation by Sidney Shapiro in 1956, which includes the rest of the trilogy and other stories.
Other Adaptations and Related Works.
The work was adapted into a silent film in 1933 by director Cheng Bugao.

</doc>
<doc id="21551379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551379" title="Hare Indian Dog">
Hare Indian Dog

The Hare Indian dog is an extinct domesticated canid; possibly a breed of domestic dog, coydog, or domesticated coyote; formerly found and originally bred in northern Canada by the Hare Indians for coursing. It had the speed and some characteristics of the coyote, but the domesticated temperament and other characteristics of a domestic dog. It gradually lost its usefulness as aboriginal hunting methods declined, and went extinct or lost its separate identity through interbreeding with dogs in the 19th century.
Appearance.
The Hare Indian dog was a diminutive, slenderly built domesticated canid with a small head and a narrow, pointed and elongated muzzle. Its pointed ears were erect and broad at the base, and closer together than those of the Canadian Eskimo dog. Its legs were slender and rather long. The tail was thick and bushy, and it curled upwards over its right hip, though not to the extent of the Canadian Eskimo dog. The fur was long and straight, the base colour being white with large, irregular grayish black patches intermingled with various brown shades. The outside of the ears was covered with short brown hair which darkened at the base. The fur in the inside of the ears was long and white. The fur of the muzzle was short and white, as with the legs, though it became longer and thicker at the feet. Black patches were present around the eyes. Like the wolves with which it was sympatric, it had long hair between its toes, which projected over the soles, with naked, callous protuberances being present at the root of the toes and soles, even in winter. In size, it was intermediate to the coyote and the American red fox.
Temperament.
The Hare Indian dog was apparently very playful, and readily befriended strangers, though it was not very docile, and disliked confinement of any kind. It apparently expressed affection by rubbing its back against people, similar to a cat. In its native homeland, it was not known to bark, though puppies born in Europe learned how to imitate the barking of other dogs. When hurt or afraid, it howled like a wolf, and when curious, it made a sound described as a growl building up to a howl.
In the above quote, the fact that the Indian claimed he thought it was a fox gives us a clear indication of the appearance and size of the breed.
History.
It is thought by one writer that the breed originated from a cross between native Tahltan dogs and dogs brought to the North American continent by Viking explorers, as it bears strong similarities to Icelandic breeds in appearance and behavior. Sir J. Richardson of Edinburgh, on the other hand, who studied the breed in the 1820s, in their original form before being diluted by crossings with other breeds, could detect no decided difference in form between this breed and a coyote, and surmised that it was a domesticated version of the wild animal. He wrote, "The Hare Indian or Mackenzie River Dog bears the same relation to the prairie wolf as the Esquimeaux Dog [Malamute does to the great grey wolf." The breed seemed to be kept exclusively by the Hare Indians and other neighboring tribes, such as the Bear, Mountain, Dogrib, Cree, Slavey and Chippewa tribes living in the Northeastern Territories of Canada and the United States around the Great Bear Lake, Southwest to Lake Winnipeg and Lake Superior and West to the Mackenzie River. They were valued by the Indians as coursorial hunters, and they subsisted almost entirely on the produce of each hunt. Although not large enough to pose a danger to the moose and reindeer they hunted, their small size and broad feet allowed them to pursue large ungulates in deep snow, keeping them at bay until the hunters arrived. It was too small to be used as a beast of burden. It was the general belief among the Indians that the dog's origin was connected to the Arctic fox. When first examined by European biologists, the Hare Indian dog was found to be almost identical to the coyote in build (save for the former's smaller skull) and fur length. The first Hare Indian dogs to be taken to Europe were a pair presented to the Zoological Society of London, after Sir John Richardson's and John Franklin's Coppermine Expedition of 1819–1822. Though originally spread over most of the northern regions of North America, the breed fell into decline after the introduction of firearms made its hunting abilities unnecessary. It gradually intermingled with other breeds such as the Newfoundland dog, the Canadian Eskimo dog and Mongrels.

</doc>
<doc id="21551380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551380" title="Mirani">
Mirani

Mirani may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21551414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551414" title="Samuel Diescher">
Samuel Diescher

Samuel Diescher, a prominent civil and mechanical engineer, was born in Budapest, educated at Karlsruhe Polytechnique and at the University of Zurich. Coming to the United States in 1866, he settled in Cincinnati, where he built his first inclined plane. He came to Pittsburgh and was associated with John Endres, the builder of the Monongahela Incline. He married Endres daughter, Caroline Endres, who was one of the first female engineers in the United States. Thereafter, the Dieschers made their home on Mount Washington. His sons entered into partnership with him in 1901, under the name of Samuel Diescher & Sons.
Diescher designed water works, industrial buildings and plants, coal handling equipment, furnaces for the steel industry, and miscellaneous machinery for tasks ranging from soap making to steel fabrication to sugar beet processing. He also designed the majority of inclined planes in the United States, including numerous inclines in Pittsburgh and southwestern Pennsylvania. The most notable of these is the Duquesne Incline which has become a popular tourist attraction in the city of Pittsburgh. Other works included the Castle Shannon Incline, the Castle Shannon South Incline, Penn Incline, Fort Pitt Incline, Troy Hill Incline, Nunnery Hill Incline, Clifton Incline, Ridgewood Incline and the Johnstown Inclined Plane; as well as inclines in Wheeling, WV, Cleveland, OH, Duluth, MN, Orange, NJ, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, and Girardot and Camboa, Colombia. He was the chief engineer for the Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Railroad.
He also designed the machinery for the famous Ferris wheel at the 1893 Columbian Exposition in Chicago, and an energy generating plant for the U. S. Wave Power Company in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
He was active in highway engineering and street-railway construction, and he was well known for designing and building coal-washing plants, coke works, water works, machine shops, and rolling mills. He retired in 1908 and died on December 24, 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="21551425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551425" title="Ritchie Valens Memorial Album">
Ritchie Valens Memorial Album

Ritchie Valens Memorial Album is the first greatest hits compilation by Ritchie Valens, featuring his first three charted hits plus tracks from the previous three albums. The original album was issued with a black album cover and the same photo of Valens from his second album "Ritchie". A few months later, the album was retitled "Ritchie Valens, His Greatest Hits" and repackaged with a white album cover and a photo of Ritchie taken from his Del-Fi EP "Ritchie Valens Sings" (DFEP-1111). Both issues include the same back cover and album contents.

</doc>
<doc id="21551428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551428" title="1989 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Singles">
1989 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Singles

Mats Wilander was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Alberto Mancini.
Ivan Lendl won the final on a walkover against Thomas Muster.

</doc>
<doc id="21551435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551435" title="Langholm Academy">
Langholm Academy

Langholm Academy is a non-denominational, co-educational six-year comprehensive secondary school in Langholm, Scotland. 
The school was created in March 1876, with John Howie as head. During the 1880s, the school had a record as one of the best academic schools in Scotland. 
Currently, the school has 270 pupils: the current building was opened in 1962. A sports and leisure complex was opened alongside the school in 2002.
The Academy is associated with three primary schools: Langholm, Canonbie, and Glenzier.

</doc>
<doc id="21551468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551468" title="Nai Soi">
Nai Soi

Nai Soi is a small village located in Mae Hong Son Province in northern Thailand. The village is under the administration of the Thai authorities. Nai Soi is about three kilometers from the Ban Mai Nai Soi Karenni refugee camp. Nai Soi is about 20 kilometers from the town of Mae Hong Son, along a paved road accessible year-round. It is perhaps most well known for the refugee camp found there and for having the largest Karenni settlement of the three villages. Thai authorities view Ban Mai Nai Soi as a self-sustaining refugee camp.
Demographics.
Nai Soi has a population of 1,800 people and roughly 375 households. 50% of the ethnicity belongs to the Shan group and 50% belong to the Karen minority group. In addition, there are 6 Chinese Haw households and 15 local Thai households. The predominate religions in Nai Soi are Buddhism and Christianity.
Town.
Education.
There is only one primary school and one secondary school in the entire village. 380 students are enrolled in the primary school. The majority of students are female. Out of the 380 students, 20 students are from Ban Doi Saeng. There are 30 students enrolled in grades 10-12 in studying in the Mae Hong Son town.
Nai Soi also has a learning center that provides high school education to children living in Nai Soi and in the general area of the Mae Hong Son Province. The Ban Nai Soi Community Learning Center (BNSCLC) is intended to provide a high school education, practical vocational skills, and community development skills to high school aged children. However, this center only enrolls students "not" part of the refugee camps. Although there are no school fees, the parents and students involved are expected to contribute to the planting, cultivation, building and maintenance of the school and crops.
Economy.
Nai Soi is the most affluent community compared to the other villages in terms of living standards and economy. 29 families have an annual income of less than 20,000 baht. The rest of the families could earn up to 100,000 per year. The average wage for female laborers rang from 50-60 baht, whereas the male laborers earn between 60-70 baht.
Most of the people grow highland rice, chili, soybean, and garlic as their main crops. The agricultural practices among the Karen communities are based on traditional methods of rotation cultivation that depend on rainfall. The main staple food for Nai Soi is rice. Work time is usually between 8am and 4pm with a one-hour lunch break. Work specific to women laborers include growing paddy and clearing weeds. Men specifically work on tying and carrying garlic. Both men and women harvest rice and garlic. 
In 2006, villagers could sell fresh garlic for 10-15 baht per kg.
The time schedule for the transportation of goods of each month is as follows: 10th-15th: rice; 15th-18th: Chili, salt, charcoal and beans; 15th-not beyond 22nd: Charcoal, cooking oil, and chili.
The village currently has 600 motorcycles and 38 pick-ups. There are 2 big grocery stores along with 13 smaller grocery stores, 5 noodle shops, 1 rice and curry shop, 1 beauty salon, 1 motorcycle repair shop, and 2 barbers.
Support from the Thai government and NGOs.
Nai Soi villagers receive training on soybean processing from the rapid Rural Development Office and on organic fertilizer from the Agricultural Extension Office. In addition, The Tambon Administrative Organization provides blankets for poor families as well as vaccination for cats and dogs.
Currently, the International Rescue Committee provides water pumps and sport equipment for the village.
Relations with the refugee camp.
Many of the villagers have relatives in the refugee camp. Moreover, there are also cases of inter-marriage among the refugees and villagers. The refugee camp also serves as a source of seasonal laborer for the villagers’ fields. However, usually these seasonal laborers are hired illegally. Furthermore, the camp offers pick-up drivers a source of income by requiring their services for transportation of goods to the camp.
Despite these benefits, the villagers and refugees do compete with each other in terms of raw resources and growing crops. Since, refugees and villagers share the same indigenous traditions of the forest, they compete with one another in collecting wild honey, animals, bamboo shoots, fish, crabs, etc. Specifically, bamboo depletion is a problem due to the refugees cutting them down to make bamboo panel. These bamboo panels are then transported out of the refugee camp to be sold in Chiang Mai every two months.
General problems.
Due to flooding that occurs every year, Nai Soi is in desperate need of road repair. Moreover, Nai Soi lacks a comprehensive highland waterworks system and thus has an inadequate supply of water. At present, water is only released two times a day: between 5am and 11am and between 3:00pm and 8:00pm. There is also an inadequate amount of blankets and sweaters for the elders of the village and for 57 poor families.
Recommendations by the UNHCR.
The UNHCR recommended:
Refugee camp.
Camp: Ban Mai Nai Soi (BMN) - 5–8 km west of Nai Soi.
In 1992, the first official Karenni refugee camps were established in the Mae Hong Son province. Out of the four camps found in the Mae Hong Son province, the Ban Mai Nai Soi (BMN) camp is the largest with almost 20,000 residents. Most of its inhabitants are from the Karen and Karenni ethnic minority groups fleeing from Myanmar. These people fled Myanmar as a result of instability and human rights violations. However, Thailand’s Ministry of Interior defines the status of these people as “displaced persons fleeing fighting” and thus views them as having illegally entered the country. As such, those who leave the camps are subject to arrest and charge for illegal entry. 
Since the Royal Thai Government does not recognize the people living in these temporary shelters as refugees, their rights as refugees are not fully protected. For instance, the right to most favorable treatment in terms of engaging in wage-earning employment and programs as labor recruitment is denied to them.
General Population.
There are 5,030 households in the camp with 9,452 females and 10,026 males. Half of the refugees are children and adolescents. 
Most of these children were born inside the camp and have never experienced life outside of the refugee camp. Children usually grow up in confined conditions that seriously impact the development of their skills, talents, and vision. 
The parents must struggle to earn extra money to buy enough meat, vegetables and fruit for their families. Although monthly rations are distributed, these are often not enough for a family to survive on. Parents also struggle to buy clothes for their children and to pay school fees. School fees can range from 25-50 baht per student and is collected by schoolteachers to be spent on school administration costs.
Living Conditions.
Electricity generated by solar panels and mini-hydro generators are only available to the hospitals and Ministry of Thailand offices. Refugees who can afford it also have access to electricity.
Basic health care facilities are available within the camp. Refugees also have access to free medical services in the camp and are transferred by camp clinics to district hospitals for serious illnesses. As of 2004, the United States’ Center for Disease Control and Prevention has designated BMN as in a post-emergency phase. This means the camp has less than 1 death per 10,000 persons per day and basic needs (such as food, shelter, water and sanitation) have been met. In addition, the mortality rate for 2004 was 4.2 per 1000/year.
Education.
Basic education is available within the camp as well as various vocational training and Thai language courses. There are 1,627 children enrolled in nursery school, 3,432 in primary education, 2,046 in secondary education, 382 in high school education, and 143 enrolled in post-Grade 10 or teacher training programs, making it a total of 7, 630 students. Most graduates of post-Grade 10 educations are getting jobs by replacing the refugees who have been offered resettlement in another country. These jobs are in the areas of education, health and sanitation services.
Labor.
Males are more likely to leave the camp than females for the purpose of cash income. Separated children aged 15–18 generally went outside of camp during school break to find work. They usually go to places nearby such as the village Nai Soi, Mae Hong Son town or other Thai villages near the camp and the jungle surrounding the camp. The majority of refugees work in agriculture (94%) and earn roughly 41-60 baht per day. Males often receive 60 baht a day in agriculture work while females receive 50 baht for the same work. Only three percent stated of refugees stated that they had worked in construction. Approximately nine percent indicated they worked in a variety of other fields such as tourism, chicken factory and work for civil and political groups.
The number of seasonal laborers supplied by the camp range from 2,500 to 4,000 people. However, the real figure is almost certainly higher as refugees are aware that it is illegal to leave the camp and are hesitant to report their departures. Research conducted by Friends of the Earth in 2001 and by UNHCR in 2007 both showed that the refugees earned around 50 baht per day. This means that the wage given to refugees has remained almost the same for at least six years. 
In regards to treatment of refugees who work outside of the camp, the UNHCR found:
"55% of the people who left the camp to work had been exploited in at least one way: including mistreatment by employers (19%), being underpaid by the employers (12%), and not being paid at all by an employer (12%). Many people reported that they were exploited by their employer in more than one way. In addition, 80 percent of the total number of non-Karen people who work outside of the camp had faced labor exploitation."
Mental health.
In 2001, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention assessed the mental health conditions of Karenni refugees residing in the Mae Hong Son refugee camps. The purpose of the assessment was “to determine the prevalence of mental illness, identify risk factors, and develop a cultural appropriate intervention program.” 317 households were surveyed with a ratio of 1.1:1 of male-to-female.
The results of the survey found that 27% of respondents described the quality of life as miserable or very miserable with 60% describing it as neither pleasant nor unpleasant. 94% of respondents were also found to be unemployed or had no regular income. The most common trauma events experienced during the past 10 years were hiding in the jungle (70%), forced relocation (67%), lost property (66%), and destruction of houses and crops (48%). In addition, 3% of women and 3% of men reported having been raped. Of the respondents, 41% reported suffering from depression, 42% from anxiety, and 4.6% from PTSD.
The study also reveled several psychosocial risk factors, many of which can be modified by changes in refugee policy in the Karenni camps. For instance, the micronutrient content of food rations, in combination with the policy to forbid movement, employment, and cultivation of land outside of the camp negatively impact the social functioning and mental health of the Karenni refugees.
Kayan people and tourism.
Nai Soi is also home to a large population of the Kayan people inside Thailand. In the last 20 years, the Kayan population has grown to 520. The Kayan people are a sub-group of the Karenni minority in Burma. The Kayan women are famous for wearing brass rings around their necks, giving the illusion of an elongated neck. However, not all Kayan women wear the rings. 
An average of 1200 tourists travel to Nai Soi annually for the sole purpose of taking photos of, talking to, or just to stare at these “longneck” women. The entry fee to Nai Soi is 250 Baht ($9.50) per person and the majority of the earnings go to the Karenni National Progressive Party. The Kayan women of the village receive a small portion of the profits. The Kayan people earn most of their income from the tourism business. Women who wear the rings are paid 1500 bath per month to run the souvenir stalls while men receive a rice allowance of 260 baht per month. These Kayan people make a little more than what they usually make selling scarves and baskets.
Refugee Status.
In 2005, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees opened registration for all 50,000 refugees in the area. Almost every Kayan family applied and two were approved for New Zealand and one for Finland. However, the Thai government has defined the Kayans as “a hill tribe” and thus has denied these people the right to seek asylum. The Royal Thai Government states that refugee status only applies to “someone living in the refugee camp and who was a war refugee.” As a result, the Kayan people are not allowed to leave their largely sealed-off refugee camps in Thailand. As of 2008, these families are still not allowed to leave. Recent findings have indicated that this restriction is largely for economic rather than political reasons. In particular, Kayan women who wear brass rings are not allowed to leave the village. This is because the Thai government fears that if tourists can see these women for free in cities and towns, then they will not pay to see them in the villages.

</doc>
<doc id="21551482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551482" title="Schwartze Mansion">
Schwartze Mansion

Schwartze Mansion is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a two story, five bay brick Greek Revival building constructed in 1845. It features a flat roofline embellished with a deep modillioned cornice above a frieze decorated with recessed panels. It is named for Augustus Jacob Schwartze, a prominent founding investor in Baltimore’s important early 19th century textile industry and developer of the surrounding community.
Schwartze Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21551485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551485" title="Giovanni Perenni">
Giovanni Perenni

Giovanni Perenni, (born "Prenn") was an Italian Nordic combined and cross-country skier. In 1941 he was the Italian Nordic combined master. Giovanni Perenni was the brother of the military skier Luigi Perenni.

</doc>
<doc id="21551498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551498" title="History of the New York City Police Department">
History of the New York City Police Department

The history of the New York City Police Department is long and complex. The Municipal Police were established in 1845, replacing an old night watch system. In 1857 they were tumultuously replaced by a Metropolitan force, which consolidated many other local police departments in 1898. 20th-century trends included professionalization and struggles against corruption.
19th century.
The New York City Police Department was established in 1845. At the time, New York City's population of 320,000 was served by a force consisting of one night watch, one hundred city marshals, thirty-one constables, and 51 municipal police officers. At request of the Common Council, Peter Cooper drew up a proposal to create a police force of 1,200 officers. John Watts de Peyster was an early advocate of implementing military style discipline and organization to the force. On May 7, 1844, the state legislature approved the proposal as the Municipal Police Act which authorized creation of a police force, along with abolition of the nightwatch system. However, because of a lengthy dispute between the Common Council and the Mayor of New York City regarding who would appoint the officers, this Act was never put into effect. Under Mayor William Havemeyer, the City finally adopted the Municipal Police Act as a City ordinance on May 13, 1845, and the Department would finally be created in fact rather than merely in legislative theory. For the purposes of policing, the city was divided into three districts, with courts, magistrates, and clerks, and station houses set up. The NYPD was closely modeled after the Metropolitan Police Service in London, England which itself used a military-like organizational structure, with rank and order. A navy blue uniform was introduced after long debate in 1853.
In 1857, Republican reformers in the state capital, Albany, created a new Metropolitan police force and abolished the Municipal police, as part of their effort to rein in the Democratically controlled New York City government. The Metropolitan police bill consolidated the police in New York, Brooklyn, Staten Island, and Westchester County (which then included The Bronx), under a governor-appointed board of commissioners. Unwilling to be abolished, Mayor Fernando Wood and the Municipals resisted for several months, during which time the city effectively had two police forces, the State-controlled Metropolitans and the Municipals. The Metropolitans included 300 policemen and 7 captains who left the Municipal police, but was primarily made up of raw recruits with little or no training. The Municipals were controlled directly by Wood and including 800 policemen and 15 captains who stayed. The division between the forces was ethnically determined, with immigrants largely staying with the Municipals, and those of Anglo-Dutch heritage going to the Metropolitans.
Chaos ensued. Criminals had a high old time. Arrested by one force, they were rescued by the other. Rival cops tussled over possession of station houses. The opera buffa climax came in mid-June when Metropolitan police captain ... attempted to deliver a warrant for the mayor's arrest, only to be tossed out by a group of Municipals. Armed with a second warrant, a much larger force of Metropolitans marched against City Hall. Awaiting them were a massed body of Municipals, supplemented by a large crowd ... Together, the mayor's supporters began clubbing and punching the outnumbered Metropolitans away from the seat of government. ... The Metropolitans gained the day after the [State-controlled Seventh Regiment came to its rescue, and the warrant was served on Wood. This setback for the mayor was followed by another: on July 2 the Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the state law. Wood knuckled under and disbanded the Municipals late in the afternoon of July 3, leaving the Metropolitans in possession of the field.
Unfortunately, the untested Metropolitans failed to prevent rioting in the city the next day, Independence Day (July 4), and had to be rescued by the nativist Bowery Boys gang when the Irish-immigrant gang the Dead Rabbits attacked the "Mets". Barricades were erected and the battle went on for hours, the worst rioting in the city since 1849. The next Sunday, peace was maintained by the National Guard, but a week later, on July 12, German-immigrants in Little Germany rioted when the Metropolitans attempted to enforce the new reform liquor laws and close down saloons. A blacksmith was killed in the skirmish, and the next day, ten thousand marched up Broadway with a banner proclaiming "Opfer der Metropolitan-Polizei" ("Victim of the Metropolitan Police").
Throughout the years, the NYPD has been involved with a number of riots in New York City. In July 1863, the New York State Militias were aiding Union troops in Pennsylvania, when the 1863 Draft Riots broke out. Their absence left it to the police — who were then outnumbered — to quell the riots. The Tompkins Square Riot occurred on January 13, 1874 when police crushed a demonstration involving thousands of unemployed in Tompkins Square Park.
Newspapers, including "The New York Times", covered numerous cases of police brutality during the latter part of the 19th century. Cases often involved officers using clubs to beat suspects and persons who were drunk or rowdy, posed a challenge to officers' authority, or refused to move along down the street. Most cases of police brutality occurred in poor immigrant neighborhoods, including Five Points, the Lower East Side, and Tenderloin.
Beginning in the 1870s, politics and corruption of Tammany Hall, a political machine supported by Irish immigrants infiltrated the NYPD, which was used as political tool, with positions awarded by politicians to loyalists. Many officers and leaders in the police department took bribes from local businesses, overlooking things like illegal liquor sales. Police also served political purposes such as manning polling places, where they would turn a blind eye to ballot box stuffing and other acts of fraud.
The Lexow Committee was established in 1894 to investigate corruption in the police department. The committee made reform recommendations, including the suggestion that the police department adopt a civil service system. Corruption investigations have been a regular feature of the NYPD, including the Knapp Commission of the 1970s, and the Mollen Commission of the 1990s.
On 1 January 1898, the city expanded to include Brooklyn. The department absorbed eighteen existing police departments, requiring more modern organization and communication as it now protected 320 square miles and over three million residents.
20th century.
Around the turn of the century, the NYPD began to professionalize under leadership of then President of the Police Commission, Theodore Roosevelt. With innovations in science and technology, the police force were able to establish new units, such as the Bomb Squad in 1905, Motorcycle Squad in 1911, Automobile Squad in 1919, Emergency Service Unit in 1926, Aviation Unit in 1929 as well as the Radio Motor Patrol (RMP) in 1932. The department was also among the earliest to implement fingerprinting techniques and mug shots. In 1919, the department adopted its own flag. 
In 1896 Commissioner Roosevelt authorized the purchase of a standard issued revolver for the NYPD. It was the Colt New Police Revolver in .32 Long Colt caliber. He also instituted required firearms training including pistol practice and qualification for officers. In 1907 the Colt Police Positive revolver in .38 caliber was adopted by the department. In May 1926 the NYPD adopted the .38 Special cartridge as the standard issue ammunition for the department and started issuing its officers the Smith and Wesson Model 10 revolver and the Colt Official Police revolver. In 1994 the NYPD replaced the revolver as its main service weapon and adopted the 9mm semiautomatic pistol as its standard issued sidearm, replacing the .38 Special revolver. NYPD officers who were "on the job" on or prior to 1994 could continue to carry their revolvers if they wished. The .38 Special can still be found as a backup or off duty weapon, particularly with long serving personnel.
The economic downturn of the 1970s led to some extremely difficult times for the city. The Bronx, in particular, was plagued by arson, and an atmosphere of lawlessness permeated the city. Frank Serpico wrote about corruption he encountered in his time as a police officer in this era in a book, which was later turned into a movie and television series. In addition, the city's financial crisis led to a hiring freeze on all city departments, including the NYPD, from 1976 to 1980.
This was followed by the crack cocaine epidemic of the late 1980s and early 1990s, which was one factor in the city's homicide rate soaring to an all-time high. By 1990, New York, a city with 7.3 million people at the time, set a record of 2,262 murders, a record that has yet to be broken by any major U.S. city. Petty thefts associated with drug addiction were also increasingly common.
In 1993, Mayor David Dinkins appointed the Mollen Commission, chaired by Milton Mollen, to investigate corruption in the department. The commission found that "Today's corruption is not the corruption of Knapp Commission days. Corruption then was largely a corruption of accommodation, of criminals and police officers giving and taking bribes, buying and selling protection. Corruption was, in its essence, consensual. Today's corruption is characterized by brutality, theft, abuse of authority and active police criminality."
In the early 90's, under Mayor Rudy Giuliani, the NYPD oversaw a large reduction in crime across the city, which has been attributed to the NYPD's implementation of the CompStat program under Police Commissioner Bill Bratton, broken windows policing, as well as general demographic changes, and subsiding of the crack cocaine epidemic. While CompStat was a concept that is generally attributed to Deputy Police Commissioner Jack Maple when he was a police lieutenant serving in the New York City Transit Police which came to the attention of then NYC Transit Authority Police Chief Bratton, in fact it was first implemented by Captain Mario Selvagi in Far Rockaway's 101 precinct. Since Selvagi was unable to secure the cooperation of the department's MIS department, he used pin maps. Selvagi went on to become a "superchief", but was forced out by Bill Bratton. In 1995, the New York City Transit Police and the New York City Housing Authority Police Department, as well as the New York City Traffic Enforcement Department in 1996, merged in with the NYPD. The New York City Police Department School Safety Division was founded in 1998 to further improve safety in NYC public schools.
21st century.
On September 11, 2001, 23 NYPD officers were killed when the World Trade Center collapsed due to terrorist attacks. More lives were lost that year than in any other year in the department's history. The NYPD Counter-Terrorism Bureau was founded in 2002 as a result of the tragedy and the threats to attack the city that followed.
Gun control problems in the city came to the forefront during the last two weeks of 2005, when two officers were shot to death by criminals using illegal weapons.
Women in the New York City Police Department.
In 1845, the New York City Police Department hired its first female jail matrons. Legislation was enacted to appoint female police matrons in 1888, and the first four were hired in 1891. In 1895, the first woman to work at Police Headquarters, Minnie Gertrude Kelly, was appointed Secretary to the Police Board. In 1912, Isabella Goodwin was appointed as the first female first grade detective. In 1917, two unknown women were assigned special patrolwomen's badges.
In 1918, the first female Deputy Commissioner, Ellen O'Grady, was appointed, and in August of that year the first group of policewomen in the NYPD were appointed (there were six). In 1919, the title "policewoman" was changed to "patrolwoman." In 1921, the Women's Police Precinct was formed with 20 patrolwomen assigned; Mary Hamilton was assigned as director. In 1924, the New York Police Department's Women Bureau was created.
In 1934, female officers began to have pistol practice with male officers. In 1938, the first civil service exam for the title "Policewoman" was given. About 5,000 women took the exam, with 300 passing it. In 1942, there began a requirement of a college degree for female officers. In 1958, women and men began to train together at the Police Academy. In 1961, Felicia Shpritzer of the NYPD sued to allow women the right to take the sergeant's exam. As a result of this lawsuit, 126 policewomen took the Sergeant's exam for the first time in 1964. Shpritzer and another policewoman, Gertrude Schimmel, became the first female sergeants and after suing again, the duo became the first female lieutenants in 1967. Schimmel went on to become the first female police captain in 1971 and the first female deputy inspector in 1972.
In 1970, the first woman was allowed to take the test for Police Administrative Aides, and the first women were hired from the Police Administrative List. Also in that year, Police Commissioner Murphy assigned the first group of women to patrol. In 1973, the Bureau of Policewomen was abolished, and the first gender-neutral civil service exam for police officers was held. Also in that year, "Policewomen" and "Patrolmen" were officially renamed "Police Officers".
In 1974, Gertrude Schimmel was appointed as the first female Inspector. In 1976, Captain Vittoria Renzullo was appointed as the first Precinct Commander. In 1977, the first women were assigned to the Homicide Unit (there were nine of them). In 1978, Gertrude Schimmel was appointed as the first female Deputy Chief. Also in that year, the Department entered into an agreement to increase the number of female detectives.
In 1981, Suzanne Medicis became the first woman to receive the Combat Cross, and Sharon Fields and Tanya Braithwaite became the first women to receive the Medal of Honor. In 1984, Irma Lozada became the first female police officer killed in the line of duty. Also in 1984, Mary Bembry became the first women shot in the line of duty.
In 1985, the first Women in Policing Conference was held. In 1987, Paula Berlinerman and Joan Clark were appointed as the first civilian women Civil Service Managers. In 1988, Mary Lowery became the first female police officer assigned to the Aviation Unit.
In 1991, for the first time, the majority of the Deputy Commissioners were female. In 1992, Deputy Inspector Kathy Ryan was appointed as the first female Commanding Officer of the Mounted Unit. In 1994, Joyce A. Stephen became the first African-American female Captain, and an Action Plan on Women's Concerns was prepared and submitted to the Police Commissioner. In 1995, Gertrude LaForgia was appointed as the first female Assistant Chief Borough Commander.

</doc>
<doc id="21551513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551513" title="Saunders Kittiwake">
Saunders Kittiwake

The Saunders Kittiwake was a British amphibian flying-boat built by S.E. Saunders at East Cowes, Isle of Wight.
Design and development.
It was designed to compete for the 1920 Air Ministry Commercial Amphibian Competition although it was too late to enter.
The Kittiwake was a wooden amphibian biplane flying boat powered by two ABC Wasp II radial engines mounted on struts between the upper and lower wing. It had a crew of two and room for seven passengers.
The fuselage, like most of the Kittiwake was built with Saunders' patent Consuta method for jointing plywood panels with sewn copper wire. This was well tested on motor boats - it circumvented the absence of waterproof glues pre-1945 - but had only been used once before on an aircraft, Saunders' own, much smaller T.1. The hull was of two step design with a shallow V planing bottom and tumblehome sides. On its top were two accommodation levels, the lower glazed in cockpit for the two crew and above them, set back and roofed by the upper wing was the passenger space. This had its own enclosing front and side windows and held seven passengers. Though the forward part of the fuselage containing crew and passengers was married to the hull, aft of the wings these became separate, so that the Kittiwake was somewhere between a flying boat and a single float seaplane in appearance. This separation made it straightforward to mount the tail high up and well clear of the water. There was a variable-incidence tailplane with unbalanced elevators and bearing three wire braced fins, the central one carrying a balanced rudder.
The Kittiwake was a four bay biplane with high aspect ratio, parallel chord Consuta covered wings without sweep or stagger. The lower one joined the fuselage at the top of the hull, with two pairs of struts to just above the chine; the upper wing met the top of the cabin. The three outer wide chord, Consuta faired interplane struts were of I form, which simplified the interplane wire bracing. Aerodynamically, the most unusual features of the Kittiwake's wings were the interlinked camber changing devices on both the leading and trailing edges of upper and lower wings, intended to increase the speed range of a quite heavily loaded aircraft (wing loading 7.2 lb/ft2). Because these lift-enhancing devices occupied most of the trailing edges, the ailerons were mounted halfway between the wings on the two outboard interplane struts. The two radial engines were also mounted mid-plane in seven sided nacelles, supported by the innermost duralumin interplane struts and steel strut braced to the fuselage. Their faired fuel tanks sat immediately above them, protruding from the upper wing surface.
As an amphibian the Kittiwake needed to have a retractable undercarriage, a most unusual feature at this time. The two main wheels were retracted with a hand crank into boxes within the hull, placed between the first and second step. These boxes had cam-operated doors to preserve the hull surface. Inevitably, this arrangement led to a very narrow track undercarriage. At the rear of the hull/central float was a combined water rudder/ tailskid. Stabilising floats with planing bottoms were fixed to the lower wing below the outermost interplane struts.
Operational history.
The prototype and only Kittiwake, registered G-EAUD, first flew briefly on the 19 September 1920 with Norman Macmillan at the controls. The aircraft was damaged making a forced water landing immediately after takeoff when the leading edge camber gear was lost. It made a number of experimental flights in 1921 before it was scrapped in July 1921. It was the first of a family of Saunders and Saunders-Roe flying boats.

</doc>
<doc id="21551514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551514" title="Sufi Way">
Sufi Way

Poem of the Sufi Way, or "Nazm al-suluk", is a poem by the Sufi mystic and scholar, Shayk Umar ibn al-Farid. An exact date of the poem's writing is unknown as Umar ibn al-Farid (1181-1235ad) is said to have written this text during the course of many years. Widely remarked as Umar ibn al-Farid's most famous work, the poem itself is one of the longest pieces of Sufi literature to date, and is still held in high regard by modern Sufi practitioners. It is 760 verses long. It is often referred to as al-Ta'iyya al-kubra (the Greater Poem Rhyming in T) to differentiate it from a shorter ode that also rhymes in t. The title can also be translated to "the Poem of Progress". 
Origins.
The origins of this work are shrouded in mythology. Most accounts of the poem's construction derive from Shayk ibn al-Farid's grandson, Ali sibt Ibn al-Farid in his biographical work "Adorned Proem to the Diwan" (Dibijat al-Diwan), heralding his grandfather's legacy and many of the stories surrounding it. According to Ali, Umar ibn al-Farid "would fall into deathlike trances for days, then recover and spontaneously recite verses directly inspired by God; these verses were then collected to form this long ode". In another story related by Ali, it is said that Umar received instruction from the prophet Muhammed himself, requesting that he title it as the "Poem of the Sufi Way", instead of the original title intended by Umar ibn al-Farid, "The Diaries of Hearts and the Gardens' Sweet Scents".
Content.
The poem itself is designed to demonstrate a pluralistic and mystical connection to God, or Allah. Initially, the poem likens the pursuit of God's love to the pursuit of a female, written from the man's perspective. The narrator becomes increasingly humbled throughout the poem, and, after much desperation and awe, the link to the narrator's lover, or God, becomes obscured to the point of total cohesion. This felt harmony and connection on an equal level with God is characteristically Sufi, yet it is also an area of critique from Muslim orthodoxies who label such possibility of equality with God as heresy.
Translation.
The translation of the poem is known for its difficulty. There are many puns based on variations of the three-consonant radical of most Arabic words, as was custom to the mannerist (badi'a) poetry of the time. 
Thematic material.
As expected from a poem of such length, "the Poem of the Sufi Way" covers many different themes and draws on many different backgrounds. As Michael Sells writes in the Preface to Umar Ibn al-Farid: Sufi Verse, Saintly Life:
""The poem of the Sufi Way" is a microcosm of Islamic tradition at the time of Ibn al-Farid. A preliminary list of central themes of the poem would include the following: the famous lovers of classical Arabic poetry; key themes and passages from the Qur'an and from the hadith, the stories of the Qur'anic prophets; the stories of the four "rightly guided" Caliphs; mystical interpretations of Qu'ranic passages and motifs that grew out of these interpretations, such as the pre-eternal covenant; worlds of esoteric science (alchemy, astrology, divination, numerology); the psychology of Sufi states of altered consciousness; the stations of Muhammad's mi'raj, or the mystic in his or her journey to the divine beloved; and interpretations of key mystical concepts such as fana'--the passing-away of the human self in mystical union with the divine."
Commentaries.
Its importance has merited many commentaries, including ones by including al-Farghānī (d. 1300), al-Qāshānī (d. 1334), al-Qaysarī (d. 1350), Jāmī (d. 1492), al-Būrīnī (d. 1615), and al-Nābulusī (d. 1730). Once an unknown religious scholar asked the Shaykh's permission to write a commentary on "the Poem of the Sufi Way." Ibn al-Farid asked how long the commentary would be. When the scholar replied that it would fill two volumes, Ibn al-Farid replied that he "could compose a two-volume commentary on each verse."

</doc>
<doc id="21551516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551516" title="Gone Fishin' (song)">
Gone Fishin' (song)

Gone Fishin' is a song written by Nick and Charles Kenny and recorded by Bing Crosby and Louis Armstrong in 1951.
The song was later recorded by Pat Boone, Gene Autry, The Manhattan Transfer and Arthur Godfrey with the Cherry Sisters.
The song title, and its usage within the lyrics, are an example of the use of the verb 'to go' together with the gerund of a verb which is a leisure activity or, as in this case, the meaning of the verb as a leisure activity is understood.

</doc>
<doc id="21551533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551533" title="HM Prison Hewell">
HM Prison Hewell

HM Prison Hewell is a multiple security category men's prison in the village of Tardebigge in Worcestershire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Hewell Prison is on the site of the Hewell Grange country house and estate, the former seat of the Earls of Plymouth and has open days for its park and garden. The estate was sold to the government c.1945 and in 1946 the main house was used as a Borstal. Over the years two other purpose-built prisons were built and opened on the estate: HMP Blakenhurst and HMP Brockhill, to hold other categories of prisoner, with enlargements. The Borstal itself was reclassified in 1991 to a Category D open prison, and renamed HMP Hewell Grange.
In January 2008, the Prison Service announced that the three prisons would merge to be managed by a single team. Its provisional name for public consultation was 'HMP Redditch', however local residents objected and in March 2008 it was decided to rename the site HMP Hewell. HMP Hewell was formally created on 25 June 2008, and is the first in an efficiency drive involving the creation of new Titan prisons in the United Kingdom.
The Ministry of Justice closed the Brockhill part of the prison in September 2011. The closure formed part of wide-ranging cost saving, with one other prison shut in 2011.
The prison today.
Hewell is a multiple security category prison for adult males. Category B, Category C and Category D prisoners are housed in different sites. The prison primarily serves the Worcestershire, West Midlands and Warwickshire catchment area. Accommodation at the prison is divided into 8 house blocks, 7 of which have single or double occupancy cells, and 1 house block which has dormitory accommodation.
Category B & C prisoners are employed in workshops providing Construction Industry Training, double glazing manufacture, industrial cleaning, waste management, laundry and contract services. Education offered includes ICT courses, ESOL, basic literacy and numeracy, art and cookery classes.
Category D prisoners also have access to external college courses, Open University distant learning, as well as a range of ICT, literacy and numeracy courses. Employment is provided throughout the estate including:

</doc>
<doc id="21551546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551546" title="Albert Baillie">
Albert Baillie

The Very Rev. Albert Victor Baillie KCVO, DD (1864–1955) was a Church of England clergyman during the first half of the 20th century, finishing his career as Dean of Windsor. 
Born on 5 August 1864 and educated at Wixenford, Marlborough and Trinity College, Cambridge, Baillie was ordained in 1888, he began his ecclesiastical career with a Curacy at St Paul’s, Walworth. Following this he was Chaplain to the Bishop of Rochester, then Rural Dean of Rugby and Vicar of St Michael, Coventry before a 27 year stint as Dean of Windsor. He died on 3 November 1955 at Baldock in Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21551548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551548" title="Sellers Mansion">
Sellers Mansion

Sellers Mansion is an historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a large three-story Italianate brick structure. It was constructed in 1868 by Edward Davis as the principal residence for Matthew Bacon Sellers, Sr., who was President of the Northern Central Railway.
Sellers Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21551557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551557" title="Ahmedabad Civil Hospital">
Ahmedabad Civil Hospital

Ahmedabad Civil Hospital is the biggest hospital in Asia, and is located in Ahmedabad, India, with facilities for specialised diagnostic, therapeutic and rehabilitative patient care. Spread over of land, it houses a number of prestigious institutes and allied hospitals, the Gujarat Medical Council and Gujarat Nursing Council. The new building and infrastructure of CHA came into existence in 1953 with the help of benevolent donations given by Shri Hutheesing, Shri Premabhai and Surgeon General D Wyllie.
The hospital is one of the oldest and most modern in India, treating about 6 to 6.5 lac outdoor patients and admitting 70,000 patients annually. It performs about 26,000 surgeries and 6500 deliveries per year.
There has been a proposal to obtain World Bank aid for a nine-storey 2,000-bed building on the Ahmedabad Civil Hospital campus, increasing its capacity to 4,800 beds. Officials confirmed that the plan would add health care facilities along with two new medical colleges which would create another 500 seats.This hospital is very helpful to poor people with decrease fees of surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="21551567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551567" title="Medical Orders for Life-Sustaining Treatment">
Medical Orders for Life-Sustaining Treatment

MOLST is an acronym for Medical Orders for Life-Sustaining Treatment. The MOLST Program is an initiative to facilitate end-of-life medical decision-making in New York State that involves use of the MOLST form. The MOLST form is a New York State Department of Health form (DOH-5003).
MOLST is for patients such as a terminally ill patient who can be expected to die within six months, whether or not treatment is provided. For this example, assume the patient retains medical decision-making capacity and wants to die naturally in a residential setting, not in the intensive-care unit of a hospital on a ventilator with a feeding tube. Using MOLST, with the informed consent of the patient, the patient's doctor could issue medical orders for life-sustaining treatment, including any or all of the following medical orders: provide comfort measures (palliative care) only; do not attempt resuscitation (allow natural death); do not intubate; do not hospitalize; no feeding tube; no IV fluids; do not use antibiotics; no dialysis; no transfusions. The orders should be honored by all health care providers in any setting, including emergency responders who are summoned by a 9-1-1 telephone call after the patient loses medical decision-making capacity.
MOLST Program.
The MOLST Program is a New York State initiative that facilitates end-of-life medical decision-making. One goal of the MOLST Program is to ensure that decisions to withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment are made in accordance with the patient’s wishes, or, if the patient’s wishes are not reasonably known and cannot with reasonable diligence be ascertained, in accordance with the patient’s best interests.
Patricia “Pat” Bomba, MD, has spearheaded the MOLST Program since its inception. Dr. Bomba is a Vice President at Excellus BlueCross BlueShield.
Information about the MOLST Program can be found on the website that Dr. Bomba runs called www.compassionandsupport.org.
Legal Basis.
Under New York common law, health care providers may withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment from a patient who is dying and currently lacks the capacity to make his or her own medical decisions if doing so is based upon clear and convincing evidence of the patient’s wishes.
Since 1987, New York has had a Do Not Resuscitate (DNR) law allowing surrogates to make decisions regarding cardiopulmonary resuscitation on behalf of an adult patient who lacks medical decision-making capacity. In 1991, the law was amended to authorize non-hospital orders not to resuscitate. Based upon this law, the New York State Department of Health created a “standard form” to issue a non-hospital order not to resuscitate (DOH-3474), which is still in use today.
In 2005, the law was amended to give the New York State Department of Health authority to issue “alternative forms” for issuing non-hospital orders not to resuscitate in Monroe and Onondaga Counties. This established MOLST as a pilot program. In 2006, the law was amended to allow such “alternative forms” to be used to issue non-hospital Do Not Intubate (DNI) orders. This was necessary because in New York State, emergency medical services personnel may only honor a DNR order in the event of a cardiac or respiratory arrest and would still intubate a patient with a DNR order unless the patient's heart or breathing has completely stopped.
Under current law, the MOLST form can be used to issue a non-hospital DNR and DNI order in New York State, and those orders must be honored by emergency medical services personnel, home care services personnel, hospice personnel and hospital emergency services personnel. Physicians may also use the form for any patient in any setting to issue any orders for life-sustaining treatment.
Coverage for an initial preventive physical examination under Medicare Part B includes verbal or written information regarding a patient's ability to prepare a MOLST form and the physician's willingness to issue orders on a MOLST form.
New York Public Health Law section 2997-c requires the "attending health care practitioner" to offer to provide patients with a terminal illness with information and counseling regarding palliative care and end-of-life options appropriate to the patient.

</doc>
<doc id="21551575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551575" title="Demonia (film)">
Demonia (film)

Demonia is a 1990 Italian horror film co-written and directed by Lucio Fulci.
Plot.
Sicily, 1486. A mob of villagers drag five screaming and struggling nuns into a cavern beneath their convent, built atop a steep hillside. They are tortured, nailed to five of the many wooden crosses in the underground chamber.
Toronto, Canada, present day 1990. A séance is in progress. A young woman named Liza (Meg Register), has a vision of the crucified nuns and falls screaming onto the floor. She is taken home where her boyfriend Professor Paul Evans (Brett Halsey), a noted archaeologist and her former college professor, comforts her.
Several months later. Liza and Professor Evans are surveying Ancient Greek ruins on a site near the small town of Santa Rosalia, Sicily. With them is a team of assistants who are meant to be helping, but spend most of their time drinking. Liza is distracted by the beautiful, but ominous ruin of a monastery which overlooks the dig. Professor Evans chides her for exhibiting a morbid interest in the rumors surrounding the ruins history. The include tales of unspeakable practices conducted there in medieval times. He reminds her that she is supposed to be avoiding any involvement with the supernatural since her mental breakdown back in Canada months earlier.
At the quayside, the professor talks to Porter (Al Cliver), a colleague on his sailboat all about the ruins history in which Porter persuades him to avoid the ruins and concentrate more on the Greek ruins. Also hanging around the dig is Turi De Simone (Lino Salemme), the hot-tempered local butcher, who voices the town's hostility to the strangers. He follows Liza into the ruined building and warns her not to go any further, but she continues after he leaves. In the monastery crypt, Liza becomes convinced that there is another chamber behind a wall and attacks it with a pick-axe. Sure enough, she discovers a cavern containing the charred remains of the five nuns hanging on wooden crosses.
Liza runs outside in horror and bumps into Professor Evans. He seems intent on browbeating her into suppressing all mention of what she found. But the opening of the crypt has apparently freed the spirits of the five nuns, putting into motion a series of supernatural events. That evening, Porter is killed on his boat when he is shot with a harpoon gun by a ghostly nun, who then disappears.
The next day, the people in the village are feeling so irate against the outsiders near their community that the young butcher, Turi, can openly discuss murdering the visitors. Meanwhile, Liza pursues her investigation into the monastery by checking the local church records at the local library, but discovers a huge sheaf of pages missing. A strange-looking woman (Carla Cassola) appears in the dusty corridors and invites Liza to meet her the following day at her apartment to hear the whole story.
That evening, two of the archaeologists, Irishmen Sean (Grady Thomas Clarkson) and Kevin (Pascal Druant), get blind drunk and decide to wander the ruins. They hear giggling female voices and see flittering shadows. Following them, Sean and Kevin are killed when they fall through a weak floorboard and land into a pit of metal spikes. The following morning, Inspector Carter (Lucio Fulci) from Interpol arrives to investigate the deaths, and to question Professor Evans on his knowledge of the area.
The next day, Liza meets with the old woman as arranged in her apartment. The old woman tells Liza about what happened at the ruins centuries ago. The nuns practiced witchcraft and held orgies there as well. Local youths wound be invited there for sex, then murdered as they reached orgasm. The nuns would drink their blood in a satanic frenzy. If any one of the crazed nuns would become pregnant, they would carry their unwanted babies to full term, then throw them onto a fire after giving birth to them.
Meanwhile, the police investigation into the dig becomes more urgent when Inspector Carter arrives at the marina looking for Evans' colleague Porter, whose severed head is found impaled on the anchor of his yacht. In town, the old woman is the next victim when she is attacked by her pet cats and she is clawed to death, her eyes scratched out. When Professor Evans makes a casual remark to Inspector Carter, he puts suspicion on Turi the butcher. But that evening, Turi is killed as he is closing up his shop when an unseen figured dressed in all white attacks him in his walk-in freezer. The figure stabs him with a meat-hook though his neck, and his tongue is nailed to the chopping board. Inspector Carter arrives later that night with the local police to investigate when Turi's wife has called them to report her husband's disappearance. Carter finds Turi's dead body locked in the freezer. Carter also finds a piece of torn clothing clutched in Turi's right hand which apparently belonged to his killer.
Suspicion on Turi's murder first falls on Professor Evans who reacts by announcing that the dig will be abandoned, but Liza, acting more and more strangely, refuses to leave.
The next morning, news of the death of Turi has incensed the townspeople who mount an attack on the haunted ruins. Professor Evans tries to get his team clear, but he can't find Liza, who had wondered off during the night. John (Ettore Comi) and Susie (Christina Engelhardt), a married couple on the team, realize their young son Robby has gone missing too. John runs through a nearby woods looking for Robby, while Professor Evans goes off to look for Liza. Meanwhile, Robby is being dragged through the woods by a white-robed, faceless nun. The little boy pulls free and runs through the woods back to camp. Then, Robby inexplicably discovers his father tied by the ankles between two bent saplings. Running to help, the boy trips a rope, the trees spring upright, and John is literally ripped in half down the middle. The blood-splattered Robby returns to the archaeology camp, too traumatized to speak to his screaming and hysterical mother when she finds him covered in blood.
Professor Evans runs towards the ruins looking for Liza who appears dressed in a white robe, obviously processed by the leader of the evil nuns. With a huge mob of townspeople advancing not far behind him, Professor Evans runs into the ruins after Liza who turns around and stabs him in the stomach with a butcher knife, and then disappears like a ghost. The mob of townspeople charge into the ruins, running past Professor Evans lying severely wounded on the ground. The mob converge on the hidden chamber and Liza reappears, foaming at the mouth on one of the crosses. The mob sets her and all the skeletal remains of the nuns afire. The wounded Professor Evans staggers into the cavern, pushing the mob members out of his way, to see Liza materialize at the foot of the burning crosses, no longer processed but dead.

</doc>
<doc id="21551582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551582" title="Simwonsa">
Simwonsa

Simwŏn-sa is a Korean Buddhist temple located in Yŏntan-gun, North Hwanghae Province, North Korea. The temple contains one of the oldest wooden buildings in North Korea, as well as a famous peach tree and stupas from the late Koryo dynasty.
Built in 1374, is the fourth oldest wooden building in North Korea, and houses a painting by the famous Neo-Confucian scholar Yi Saek. The hall is notable for its elaborate doors decorated with carved lotus blossoms, fish, birds, and snakes.
The former monk's dormitory, this simple hall now houses the complex's caretakers.

</doc>
<doc id="21551596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551596" title="Thyestes Chase">
Thyestes Chase

The Thyestes Chase is a National Hunt Handicap Chase run in Ireland. It takes place at Gowran Park, Gowran, Co Kilkenny, Ireland, in January, over a distance of 3 miles and during the race there are 16 fences to be jumped. The race is usually contested by horses who go on to run in the Grand National and has been won in recent years by two horses who have gone on to win the Grand National, in Hedgehunter and Numbersixvalverde. The most famous winners of the race were Arkle (1964) and Flyingbolt (1966). It currently has a maximum field of 18 runners.
History.
The race has been won by three time Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Arkle (1964) and Aintree Grand National winners Hedgehunter (2005) and Numbersixvalverde (2006). The race takes its name from the racehorse, Thyestes, named after a figure from Greek mythology. Thyestes, by The Tetrarch (out of Tetratema), was bred by Major Victor McCalmont of Mount Juliet and trained by Atty Persse at Stockbridge, Wiltshire. Thyestes was rated 3rd best two year old of 1930 as a result of his winning his only two races. The National Breeders Produce Stakes over 5 furlongs at Sandown Park and the Rous Memorial Stakes over 6 furlongs at Goodwood. Thyestes never ran again due to injury and was retired to stud in Yorkshire. 
The Thyestes trophy was presented to Kilkenny Show by Major Dermot McCalmont for a 5 year old likely to make a good hunter. The trophy was won by a horse owned by Mr John McEnery of Rossenarra Stud. Kells. County Kilkenny and ridden by his son Martin. The McEnery family then presented it to Gowran Park for the first running of the Thyestes Chase in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21551597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551597" title="Huta Stalowa Wola">
Huta Stalowa Wola

Huta Stalowa Wola (HSW SA) is a defense contractor, and steel mill. It is a major producer of military equipment in Poland, located in Stalowa Wola.
History.
It was established in 1938-1939 in the Second Polish Republic. It was a major part of a series of investments made by the Polish government in the years 1936–1939 to create the Central Industrial Region. This was to be a group of factories built in an area in the middle of the country, away from the borders with Germany and the USSR. It was designed to provide a reasonably secure location for the production of armaments and high technology goods.
The mill was set up in order to manufacture high alloy steels and weapons - artillery and heavy machine guns - in 1937. A city quickly grew around the mill, and took its name from it (the town of Stalowa Wola). 
In 1960s and 1970s the company started production of heavy construction machinery, and in the 1980s, it was one of major centers of oppositional activities (see 1988 Polish strikes). In 1991 Huta Stalowa Wola became a joint stock company.
It is still the major employer in the town, and a major producer of military equipment in Poland.
HSW SA as of Feb. 1, 2012 sold its construction machinery division to the Guangxi Liugong Machinery.
In 2012, HSW bought Jelcz-Komponenty Sp. z OO .

</doc>
<doc id="21551601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551601" title="Penthorum">
Penthorum

Penthorum is a genus of plants in the order Saxifragales. They are erect herbaceous perennials about half a meter tall. The genus consists of two species, one from east Asia and one from eastern North America. It is variously classified in the family Saxifragaceae or its own family Penthoraceae. Its closest relatives may be in Haloragaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="21551605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551605" title="Demonia">
Demonia

Demonia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21551609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551609" title="List of Akikan! episodes">
List of Akikan! episodes

This is a list of episodes for the anime "Akikan!" Each episode features the word in its title, playing as a pun of the show's nature.

</doc>
<doc id="21551631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551631" title="Vietnam War in film">
Vietnam War in film

The Vietnam War has been the subject of many films. One of the first major films based on the Vietnam War was John Wayne's "The Green Berets" (1968). Further cinematic representations were released during the 1970s and 1980s, including Michael Cimino's "The Deer Hunter" (1978), Francis Ford Coppola's "Apocalypse Now" (1979), Oliver Stone's "Platoon" (1986) — based on his service in the U.S. Military during the Vietnam War, Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket" (1987), "Hamburger Hill" (1987) and "Casualties of War" (1989). Later films would include "We Were Soldiers" (2002) and "Rescue Dawn" (2007).
Other films in this genre include films that deal more with the issues veterans face at home after returning from the war. Films of this type include "Taxi Driver" (1976), "Heroes" (1977), "Coming Home" (1978), "Combat Shock" (1986), "First Blood" (1982), "The War at Home" (1979), "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989), "Jacob's Ladder" (1990), "Heaven & Earth" (1993), "Forrest Gump" (1994), "Dead Presidents" (1995), and "Music Within" (2007).
Representation of the Vietnamese in Vietnam War Films.
According to a study by Martin Novelli, the depiction of the Vietnamese in American war films is woefully stereotyped. Vietnamese civilians are usually shown as passive victims, prostitutes, or conniving with the enemy, while North Vietnamese or NLF guerilla fighters are frequently drawn as cruel torturers or effeminate cowards, and the ARVN are described as incompetent. In Walsh and Louvre's opinion, "the ideology of such films speaks of several basic and widespread public attitudes towards the war".
Dr. Donna Alvah at St. Lawrence University reported that students taking her class, "The United States and the Vietnam War", when writing an introductory essay on their understanding of the war, often show a view point that reflects the common perception shared by most Americans born after the war. According to Dr. Alvah, the student's conception of the Vietnam War are "largely gleaned from movies, documentaries, music, and other popular cultural expressions, as well as from older relatives who served in the war, or who in any case hold strong opinions about it.”
Post-war films.
After the Vietnam War ended in 1975, there was an increase in American films that were more "raw", containing actual battle footage. A FilmReference.com article noted that American filmmakers "appeared more confident to put Vietnam combat on screen for the first time" during that era. These American post-war film representations have generally been more realistic and , such as "The Deer Hunter" (1978) and "Apocalypse Now" (1979).
The musical "Miss Saigon" focuses on the end of the war and its aftermath. In cinema, noted American films that have shaped the popular US and international conception of the war include "Apocalypse Now", "Platoon", "The Deer Hunter", "Hamburger Hill", "Forrest Gump", "Full Metal Jacket", "Good Morning, Vietnam", "Born on the Fourth of July", and the "Rambo" films. It was represented on American television by the US series "Tour of Duty" and "China Beach". 
Post-War American media has tended to promote and push recurring themes such as: the unpopularity of the war at home, the righteousness of the American involvement in Vietnam ("fighting Communism"), the gradual disaffection of American soldiers in their participation, and the demonization of the enemy (Vietcong.) Injury to the psyche of the soldiers who fought is a common theme, both in American and international media, often alluding to or highlighting Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in veterans. 
The Vietnam War's lack of battle lines, overall vague objective, and dubious American ideology and self-serving politics are often used as subject matter for fiction and non fiction media in forwarding the generally held negative and disapproving public opinion of the war, both during and subsequent to the war. 
Recent media may portray soldiers in a more sympathetic light, sometimes as "collateral damage" of the politics of the time. American film and television media on the subject is the most prolific. Australian, New Zealand, South Korean, and Thai media is minimal in comparison, despite each of those nations also serving in significant combat roles alongside the United States and experiencing the same subsequent post-war social problems and issues. For example, the ongoing catastrophe to veterans and families caused by Agent Orange. is shared by all nations who participated.

</doc>
<doc id="21551633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551633" title="Syloson">
Syloson

Syloson (, "gen".: Συλοσῶνος) was the brother of Polycrates of Samos. 
When Polycrates became tyrant of the island he exiled Syloson where he stayed in Egypt. Syloson would stay in Egypt until a "flame-coloured mantle" he was selling brought him in contact with Darius I of Persia. At the time Darius I of Persia was a spearman in Cambyses II of Persia's army. Syloson saw how much Darius liked the mantle and gave it to him for free. 
When Darius rose to power Syloson went to visit him in Susa. Darius offered him gold and silver for his kindness in the past with the mantle but Syloson refused and wanted military assistance in retaking Samos. "To me, O king, give neither gold nor silver, but recover and give me my fatherland Samos, which now that my brother Polycrates has been slain by Oroites is possessed by our slave." Darius agreed and sent an expedition led by Otanes.
At the time when Syloson came back to the island of Samos, Maiandrios was holding rule but decided to give back power to the Samians and established a democracy. Maiandrios had fallen ill and his brothers Lycaretos and Charilaos were both trying to get possession of Samos. 
The Samians had welcomed Syloson when we came for the good legacy his brother had left. But Charilaos, after being released from prison, persuaded his brother to send mercenaries to attack the Persians. Maiandrios agreed because he loathed Syloson and escaped the island through a secret passage. With Charilaos commanding the mercenaries they were defeated in the uprising and the Persian commander Otanes, against Darius's orders, slew many Samians. 

</doc>
<doc id="21551639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551639" title="Lion Brothers Company Building">
Lion Brothers Company Building

Lion Brothers Company Building is a historic factory located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a multi-level building that once housed the operations of the Lion Brothers embroidery company. The original building was constructed about 1885 and expanded several times over the subsequent 75 years. The interior of the factory features a large open floor plan. Once the world's largest manufacturer of embroidered emblems and insignia, it occupied these buildings from 1899 to 1958.
Lion Brothers Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21551640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551640" title="Besanosaurus">
Besanosaurus

Besanosaurus (meaning "Besano N. Italy lizard") is a genus of large ichthyosaur (a marine reptile, not a dinosaur) that lived during the middle Triassic period, approximately 235 million years ago. This marine reptile came from the family Shastasauridae and was named by Dal Sasso and Pinna in 1996. The type of species is "Besanosaurus leptorhynchus" meaning "long-beaked reptile from Besano."
Description.
"Besanosaurus" was a marine reptile nearly 6 meters in length and had a similar shape to dolphins. It had a thin snout, fairly small teeth, no dorsal fin, and a long and straight tail. It was an eel-like swimmer with moderate speed along with rapid acceleration and good maneuvering, and lived in tropical seas, in coastal, and Caribbean-like environments. Besanosaurs were carnivorous and fed mainly on small fish, cephalopods, and marine reptiles. The reptile's reproduction was ovoviviparous, meaning the eggs incubated inside the body and hatched at birth.
Discovery.
The bones of "Besanosaurus" were first discovered in "Sasso Caldo" quarry in the spring of 1993 by the volunteers of the paleontological group of Besano, a small town in the Lombardy region of north Italy. The fossil was almost completely embedded in the rock and could be first seen only through x-rays; to detect the content of the 38 slabs of stone enclosing the skeleton, 145 radiographs were necessary. The skeleton of "Besanosaurus" came to light in the paleontological laboratory of Museo Civico di Storia Naturale di Milano after 16500 hours of preparation. The preparators removed the rock enclosing the fossil step by step, working under a stereo microscope with chisels, needles and pins. The 38 slabs were reassembled and a silicon rubber matrix was made, from which a cast of the original specimen was obtained.

</doc>
<doc id="21551647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551647" title="Live at the Jazz Workshop">
Live at the Jazz Workshop

Live at the Jazz Workshop is a live album by jazz musician Thelonious Monk, recorded during two shows at the Jazz Workshop in San Francisco in 1964 and first released in 1982, by Columbia Records.
Release history.
The tapes of these two shows stayed locked away in the Columbia Records vault for almost 20 years, until the label released a double-LP from them shortly after Monk's death in 1982. A CD release followed in 2001, under the name of "Live at the Jazz Workshop - Complete", featuring a number of bonus tracks, and nearly doubling the length of the record.

</doc>
<doc id="21551650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551650" title="Ludlow Church of England School">
Ludlow Church of England School

Ludlow Church of England School is a secondary, comprehensive school in Ludlow, Shropshire, England. The school achieved the Technology College specialisation in 2003, and is also a Sports College, holding the Sportsmark award.
The 2006 Ofsted report called it "a happy school which is improving well," and rated the progress of special education students as "exceptional". In 2008 the school achieved 56% of students with 5 A*-C grades (including English and math) on their GCSEs.

</doc>
<doc id="21551657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551657" title="Schelmish">
Schelmish

Schelmish was a German Mittelalter rock band from the city of Bonn. The band originally formed in 1999 for a birthday celebration for band member Des Demonia's mother. The language of their songs varies between German, English, Latin, French and several old languages. The band split-up in December 2012; a group of member founded the Electro Folk Rock Band InVictus.
History.
The inspiration for forming of Schelmish was the birthday of Des Demonia's mother in 1999. Musically, Schelmish is rooted in Irish Folk. Today though they are rather oriented towards Mittelalter Rock.
Their first CD "Von Räubern, Lumpen und anderen Schelmen" (Of Robbers, Rascals and other Scoundrels) was released in 2000. It features the original line-up of Schelmish and contains traditional medieval songs.
The second CD "Aequinoctium" is also composed only of medieval songs. It was released in 2001. For the recordings, Balitur joined the band while Igerne and Buchanan departed.
On "Codex Lascivus", the third CD, released in 2002, the band's first original pieces can be heard. For this effort Amsel von Nydeggen (of Filia Irata), Fragor der Schlagfertige, Sakepharus der Schmierenkomödiant and Septimus joined the band, while, Morbius, Balitur and Bajonne left. This CD includes the instrumental "Rotta", which since its release has traditionally been played at each of their concerts.
Except for the absence of Septimus, the line-up for the fourth album "Tempus mutatur" is the same as on "Codex Lascivus". Here they recorded for the first time a bonus track with electric guitars and bass. Michael Rhein of In Extremo appears as a guest singer for "Veris Dulcis" and "Le pôvre Villon". It was released in 2003.
After their four studio albums Schelmish produced a maxi single of "Si salvas me" containing three versions of "Si salvas me", the hymn of Satzvey castle in Mechernich, plus another track. This maxi from 2003 is a preview of the subsequent studio album "Igni Gena", which also features "Si salvas me". Since this recording, Luzi das L has been a member of Schelmish, while Baccata left for health reasons.
With the fifth CD "Igni Gena" of 2004 the band makes it obvious that their beat has been remarkably stepped as compared to their previous albums. Moreover there is a track "Ich was ein Chint so wolgetan" from Carmina Burana with slight influences from Hip hop/Rap. Again Michael Rhein of In Extremo appears as a guest singer. It also contains a medieval version of Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire with medieval instrumentation and vocals by Dextro.
In 2005 Schelmish fulfilled their fans' wish for a live album and released a CD called "Schelmish - Live". It contains the full live recording from the 29 January 2005 show at the Kulturfabrik Krefeld. Die Rote Füchsin (Red Vixen) of Filia Irata appears as guest musician while Amsel von Nydeggen is no longer part of the band.
Two months later their first DVD "Coetus" was released. Among excerpts from the show at the Kulturfabrik Krefeld it contains material of several other shows (e.g. together with Das letzte Einhorn and Flex der Biegsame of In Extremo), two videos as a preview of the following album "Mente Capti" as well as numerous interviews, CD previews, photos, easter eggs and also a film about Schelmish. Moreover the DVD was seen as a farewell project for Amsel von Nydeggen. She can be seen in older show recordings and in the film. Also Die Rote Füchsin of Filia Irata is featured on this DVD.
"Mente Capti" is the sixth studio album, which was released in July 2006. For the first time since "Codex Lascivus" the band has eight members because guitarist Marquis de Guis and den bassist Naj O, der Reine, (later replaced by Johannes, der Säufer) filled the ranks. While the band's previous albums were almost exclusively recorded with medieval instruments "Mente Capti" focused on a rock instrumentation, i.e. electric guitars and bass and a modern drum set. This way Schlemish re-interpreted old songs but also wrote new pieces that deal with love, melancholy and joy. The vocals were mainly Rimsbold's task while Dextro and Fragor concentrated on string instruments. Luzi and Des Demonia focused on wind instruments and Sakepharus on percussion.
In early 2007 Sakepharus left the band to concentrate on his family. His leaving had been announced beforehand and at the same time Dschieses and Picus were accepted as new members. Also Johannes der Säufer left the band on 30 July 2007 and was replaced on the bass by Sideribus illustris.
On 19 October 2007 the seventh album "Wir werden sehen" (We Shall See) was released and a tour was begun. Already in September "Moor" had been released as a single containing two album tracks and two additional recordings. In early 2008 Dschieses and Sideribus left the band for reasons of personal timing. Their successors are Samtron on the drums and Alexis de la Vega on the bass. After a period of almost seven years Fragor now left the ensemble in April 2008. After having been present on medieval shows only in 2007 and not on rock shows he then returned to private life.
On 28 October 2009 the ninth album "Die hässlichen Kinder " (The Ugly Children) was released in Finland and Spain through Napalm Records. It was released in the United States and Canada on November 3 of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21551666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551666" title="Medals of the New York City Police Department">
Medals of the New York City Police Department

The New York City Police Department presents medals to its members (upon request and a self initiated write up) for meritorious service. The medals the NYPD awards are as follows (from highest medal to lowest):
Medal of Honor.
The Medal of Honor (solid green bar speckled tiny gold stars) is awarded for:
Police Combat Cross.
The Police Combat Cross (solid green bar) is awarded for:
Medal for Valor.
The Medal for Valor (solid blue bar) is awarded for:
Honorable Mention.
The Honorable Mention (displayed wearing the MPD medal with a silver star in the middle) is awarded for:
Exceptional Merit.
The Exceptional Merit (displayed wearing the MPD medal with a green star in the middle) is awarded for:
Commendation or Commendation—Integrity.
The Commendation or Commendation—Integrity (displayed wearing the MPD medal with a bronze star in the middle) is awarded for:
Commendation—Community Service.
The Commendation—Community Service (displayed wearing the MPD medal with a blue star in the middle) is awarded for:
Meritorious Police Duty (MPD).
The Meritorious Police Duty (MPD) is awarded for:
Excellent Police Duty (EPD).
The Excellent Police Duty (green and white bar with gold vertical bars) is awarded for:
Purple Shield.
The department also awards a Purple Shield to those injured or killed in the line of duty. 
Other awards.
Various commemorative medals, unit citations, air crew wings, and a firearms proficiency breast bar for expert shooters have also been authorized.

</doc>
<doc id="21551676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551676" title="David James Davies">
David James Davies

Dr. D.J. (David James) Davies (2 June 1893 - 11 October 1956), was a Welsh economist, industrialist, prize winning essayist, author, political activist, pilot, and an internationalist. Davies was a world traveller before returning home to Wales.
Initially a founding member of the Welsh Labour Party in the Ammanford district, in 1925 he left Labour becoming a founding member of Plaid Cymru, the nationalist party of Wales.
According to historian Professor John Davies, it was D.J. Davies' ideas which were more influential in shaping long-term Plaid Cymru ideology following the Second World War, and Davies was as "equally significant figure" as Saunders Lewis in Welsh nationalism history, but it was Lewis' "brilliance and charismatic appeal" which was firmly associated with Plaid Genedlaethol Cymru of the 1930s.
Early life.
D.J. Davies was born the third child of Thomas Davies, a miner, and Ellen Davies (née Williams) in Carmel, Carmarthenshire, Wales, on 2 June 1893. After attending local schools, Davies began working at age 14 in several collieries and at Barry Dock. Though working long hours, Davies continued his education by taking evening classes and through correspondence courses.
World traveller.
In 1912 Davies emigrated to Canada and then to the United States where he worked in mines. Davies was a co-founder of the Northwestern Coal and Coke Company in Steamboat Springs, Colorado. "A colourful figure," wrote professor John Davies, D.J. Davies traveled throughout the United States, became a boxer, attended Colorado State University-Pueblo, and then studied law at Seattle University in Washington.
Following his studies, Davies travelled to Asia, spending time in Japan and China before returning to the US and joining the United States Navy as an engineer and pilot in 1918. Davies' membership in the US military, rather than the British military, was "a protest against the class bound attitudes of the officers of the British Army," according to professor John Davies.
While on leave from the US Navy in 1919, Davies returned to Wales and worked as a collier in Llandybïe, until he was seriously injured in an accident. By 1920 Davies was discharged from the US Navy following his incapacitation the following year.
Political activist.
During his "enforced leisure" resulting from the accident, wrote Dr. Ceinwen Hannah Thomas, Davies studied "economics, politics and the history of the Working Class Movement". Stirred into socialist political activism, Davies became a founding member of the Labour Party in the Ammanford district of Carmarthenshire.
In 1924 Davies travelled to Denmark to attend the International People's College in Elsinore, and a Folk High School in Vestbirk, where "[Davies'] attitude towards the relationship between socialism and nationalism changed completely", according to Dr. Thomas.
" came to believe that true internationalism was based on co-operation between free nations, while the advancement of the Welsh working class could only be secured in a free Wales. This point of view was expressed months before the Welsh Nationalist Party (now Plaid Cymru) was founded in 1925, while he was unaware of the existence of a nationalist movement in Wales. He returned from Denmark a convinced nationalist in favour of an economic policy of co-operation which placed ownership and control of the means of production in the hands of the workers themselves".- Dr. Ceinwen Hannah Thomas 
Of Davies' experience in Denmark, author Siôn T. Jobbins wrote "Impressed by that little country’s ability to govern itself, the one-time member of the Independent Labour Party returned to Wales in 1924 a Welsh nationalist".
Inspired by the Folk High Schools of Denmark, Davies and his new Irish bride Noëlle Ffrench, whom he had met at the International People's College, moved to Ireland to establish a Folk High School there.
However, by 1925 their attempt proved unsuccessful, and the couple moved to Aberystwyth where Davies attended the Aberystwyth University, then known as University College of Wales (U.C.W.). Also that year, Davies resigned from the Labour Party and became a founding member of the newly formed "Plaid Genedlaethol Cymru", later known as Plaid Cymru; the Party of Wales.
Davies graduated from U.C.W., Aberystwyth, with his Bachelor of Arts in economics in 1928, a Master of Arts in 1930, and a Doctor of Philosophy in 1931. Davies won consecutive awards at the National Eisteddfod of Wales in 1930, 1931, 1932, and 1934 on essays on economics and politics. Davies' economic essays were particularly inspired by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, "and year in year out the model he offered for the regeneration of depression-ridden Wales was the work of the Tennessee Valley Authority", according to Dr. Davies.
In 1932, Davies and his wife again attempted to establish a Folk School in the Danish tradition, and bought the Pantybeilïau mansion at Gilwern in Monmouthshire. However this attempt also proved ultimately unsuccessful.
Davies increased his participation within Plaid Cymru, contributing as an economic and political researcher, author of pamphlets and articles in the movement's publications, as well as writing articles in other mainstream Welsh and English language publications.
However Davies and other leftest members of Plaid Cymru were increasingly disaffected by Plaid president Saunders Lewis. Davies objected to Lewis' economic policies, Lewis' rejection of capitalism and socialism, and at the party conference in 1938, Davies and other leftest members firmly rejected Lewis' concept of "perchentyaeth"; a policy of 'distributing property among the masses'. Additionally, Davies and many leftest Plaid members were deeply offended by the "readiness of prominent party members as Lewis to see virtue in Mussolini and Franco". In 1939 Lewis resigned as Plaid Cymru president citing that Wales was not ready to accept the leadership of a Roman Catholic.
Davies argued in favour of engaging English-speaking Welsh communities, and stressed the territorial integrity of Wales. Davies pointed towards Scandinavian countries as a model to emulate, and was active in the economic implications of Welsh self-government.
In 1953, one-time republican Davies wrote an article in "Y Fanar" publication strongly endorsing a Welsh constitutional monarch. Posthumously published in English in his book "Towards Welsh Freedom" in 1958, Davies advocated that an independent Wales would be better served by a Welsh constitutional monarchy, one which would engender the affection and allegiance of the Welsh people and legitimise Welsh sovereignty.
An hereditary constitutional monarch would, he argued, embody and personify a Welsh national identity above party politics, while political parties formed governments in a parliamentary system similar to those of Denmark, Norway, or the Netherlands. Davies advocated for the elevation of a native Welsh gentry family, rather than inviting a foreign prince to the throne of Wales. Among the criteria for consideration, argued Davies, was that the family had to have a history of contributing to Welsh life and reside in Wales.
In the 1950s, Davies and his wife Noëlle became deeply concerned over the dispute concerning the legal status of Monmouthshire, which some considered part of Wales while others considered part of England. "They lost no opportunity in demonstrating that it had always been an integral part of Wales," wrote Dr.Thomas.
Death.
D.J. Davies died on 11 October 1956 and was buried in Carmel graveyard in Carmarthenshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21551677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551677" title="Green Energy Act 2009">
Green Energy Act 2009

The Ontario Green Energy Act (GEA), formally the Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009, introduced in the Ontario legislature on February 23, 2009, is intended to expand renewable energy production, encourage energy conservation and create green jobs. Among many clauses, the GEA is best known for creating a number of feed-in tariff rates for different types of energy sources. Notable among these is the microFIT program for small non-commercial systems under 10 kilowatts, and FIT, the larger commercial version which covers a number of project types with sizes into the megawatts.
The GEA has been highly controversial within Ontario for the high initial tariff rates, up to 80.2 cents/kWh for small systems under microFIT. It has also been controversial outside Ontario due to its "made in Ontario" clauses which demand a certain amount of Ontario labour and manufacturing input in order to receive the tariff rates. Changes to the program and rates, some of them applied retroactively, had added confusion and complaints about the way the program is managed. The GEA was a major issue during the 2011 provincial elections, with the PC party threatening to cancel it outright if elected, while the Liberals supporting it as a primary plank of their re-election platform.
History.
Previous efforts.
Prior to the introduction of the GEA, Ontario had enacted a number of different programs to introduce renewable energy or promote conservation. These included the Energy Conservation Leadership Act, the Energy Efficiency Act and of particular note, November 2006's Renewable Energy Standard Offer Program. The Standard Offer, also known as SOP or RESOP for short, introduced a number of fixed 20-year feed-in tariffs for hydro, wind, solar (PV) and biomass projects. RESOP tariffs were relatively low, 42 cents/kWh for PV and 11 cents/kWh for other forms of energy. At the time, RESOP was named North America's first true feed-in tariff program.
In practice, it was found that the RESOP program had significant administrative overhead that eroded the value of the program. In order to connect a generation project, the provider had to not only meet expected requirements for the equipment, but also had to apply to various agencies and levels of government for permission to connect to the grid. This process was not streamlined, and often required hundreds of pages of documentation to be submitted to each organization, in the proper sequence. Certain areas of the Ontario distribution grid were also placed off-limits for development, due to load considerations. Even then, there were stakeholders at the municipal level that could block development at any time as part of local building codes.
Due to the presence of fixed costs, including the administrative overhead, RESOP favoured large projects which could distribute these costs. It proved particularly successful for wind power developments, with almost 64% of the RESOP developments being wind, 28% biomass, and the rest a mix of hydro and a tiny amount of solar.
Towards the GEA.
RESOP included a built-in two-year review process that started in 2008. During this period, the world-wide industry was also exploring a number of different ways to implement incentive programs. The main contenders were the feed-in tariff system, like RESOP, and emissions-trading systems like the UK's Renewable Obligation or New Jersey's Solar Renewable Energy Certificate. In 2008, Ernst & Young published "Renewable energy country attractiveness indices for the first quarter of 2008", which demonstrated that Germany's FIT program was far more successful, delivering more power at lower costs. An earlier report from UC Berkeley demonstrated that job creation with renewables was far higher than fossil fuels, another argument in favour of the German-style program, which was then considered a great success.
With the success of FIT programs, and in response to RESOP issues, a number of stakeholders suggested an expansion of the program with higher rates and various changes to the connection process to simplify the workload. In particular, a number of proposals suggested adding additional classes for very small systems that would have minimal impact on the grid that could be given an express application process and pre-authorized access to connect. These systems would also be given much higher tariffs, in order to offset basic implementation details, like metering, that are often a fixed cost no matter the project size.
Introduction.
The GEA effort was led by George Smitherman, the Minister of Energy and Infrastructure. It was claimed that the bill will help the government ensure the province’s future by: 
Features.
Among the key features of the Act are the following:
Several non-profit organizations have been active in supporting the implementation of the Green Energy Act with customized wikis to assist consumers and service providers, including SWITCH and OurPower (see Further Reading).
Effect on electricity price.
The signing of the GEA has corresponded with a dramatic increase in the Provincial Benefit (now called the Global Benefit). This is the cost added to the market price of electricity in Ontario. However, most of this cost increase has been coincidental, rather than attributable to the fixed price for renewable energy. In fact, the highest generator of these costs is guaranteed payments to nuclear generators, followed, by gas, coal, and hydro generation. The combined cost of new renewable and conservation measures has been shown to be only about 3% of total electricity cost in Ontario.
Controversy.
Although the Green Energy Act promised to create 50,000 jobs, the Liberals admitted in 2013 that the act had only created 31,000 jobs. Critics charge that even confirming this number is problematic because the large majority are “indirect” as opposed to “direct” employment. However, a 2011 report by Jim McCarter, Ontario's Auditor General, found that a large majority of these jobs were in construction and would only exist for no more than three years. In addition, McCarter's report also cited controversial reports from other countries which indicate "that for each job created through renewable energy programs, about two to four jobs are often lost in other sectors of the economy because of higher electricity prices" which has led critics to charge that the Green Energy Act has actually resulted in a net-loss of employment.
A 2013 study by the conservative Fraser Institute stated that "wind power tends to be produced at times when it is least needed," and pointed out that:
The price of exports is determined by allowing electricity producers to bid on export offers at the price at which they are willing to produce it.
Recent developments.
In May 2013, Ontario Energy Minister Bob Chiarelli announced that the made-in-Ontario content requirements for wind and solar projects would be scrapped, after the World Trade Organization (WTO) ruled that they were a violation of WTO regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="21551693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551693" title="Manitoba Highway 68">
Manitoba Highway 68

Manitoba Provincial Highway 68 (PTH 68) is an east-west provincial highway in the central region of Manitoba, Canada.
PTH 68 starts at PTH 5 east of Ste. Rose Du Lac and terminates at PTH 8 eleven kilometers south of Riverton. Between the eastern junction with PTH 6 at Eriksdale and its western terminus the highway is called the Northern Woods and Water Route.

</doc>
<doc id="21551708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551708" title="Lattice Group">
Lattice Group

Lattice Group plc was a leading British gas transmission business. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
History.
The Company was established in 2000 when BG Group demerged its UK gas transmission business, formerly known as "Transco", and named it "Lattice Group". 
In October 2002 Lattice Group merged with National Grid plc to form "National Grid Transco" (although in 2005 the merged entity reverted to the name "National Grid plc").
Operations.
As well as the UK gas transmission network, Lattice Group owned a telecoms business known as "186k".

</doc>
<doc id="21551711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551711" title="Ciumești">
Ciumești

Ciumeşti (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune located in Satu Mare County, Romania.
Composition.
The commune is composed of three villages that were separated from Sanislău in 2004: 
History.
Bronze and Iron Age.
Human settlements dating from the bronze age have been found in the area, and during the 1960s, 35 Celtic graves were discovered, including the Helmet of Ciumeşti.
Modern times.
Before the Treaty of Trianon in 1920, the villages belonged to Szatmár County of the Kingdom of Hungary. Until 2004, they belonged to Sanislău Commune, when they were split off to form Ciumeşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="21551737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551737" title="Constantin Rozanoff">
Constantin Rozanoff

Constantin Wladimir Rozanoff, also known as Kostia Rozanoff, () ( – ) - was a French test pilot, Colonel of the French Air Force, and one of the pioneers of jet aviation. He was chief-pilot at Dassault Aviation. He flew 201 types of planes and helicopters, and accumulated 5,000 flying hours, including 3,865 combat hours, and breaking the sound barrier 104 times.
Early life.
Constantin Rozanoff was born to a Russian family in Warsaw. He and his mother emigrated to France in 1917 because of the Revolution, and in 1927 obtained French citizenship. Constantin Rozanoff entered the prestigious engineering school École Centrale Paris, where he graduated in 1928. Called into military service the same year, he completed his service with the 34th Aviation Regiment of observation at Le Bourget and as a reserve officer at Avord.
he attended the SUPAERO National Aircraft School (L'École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace) in 1933, and after completing studies he became a licensed pilot. In 1935 he became a pilot with the Center of Aeronautics in Vélizy-Villacoublay (Centre d'Essais des Matériels Aéronautiques - CEMA) and took part in flight testing of the Morane-Saulnier MS.406, Dewoitine D.520 and Bloch MB.152. In October 1937, Rozanoff was almost killed when losing control of a Hanriot while testing its spin characteristics. He could not recover in time, and he bailed out safely.
War Service.
In February 1940 Rozanoff became second in command of Groupe de chasse GC II/4 and flew operations in the Battle of France. In May 1940 he shot down two Luftwaffe fighter planes in a Curtiss P-36.<br>After occupation in 1942 he travelled to (Morocco) where he participated operations with the Allies in Tunis and Algeria, and on convoy operations over the Mediterranean flying the Curtiss P-40 (with onboard sign «MadKot»). He commanded GC 2/5 («Lafayette») and GC 2/3 («Dauphiné»).
In December 1943 he went to Great Britain where, promoted to lieutenant colonel, attended additional test pilot courses, including one at the Central Flying School. He flew the first RAF jet, the (Gloster G-41), then participated in flight testing the P-59 Airacomet and Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star in the USA.
Post war.
In December 1945 after returning from the USA as a Colonel he served at Airbase 118 in Mont-de-Marsan, named later after his name.
He was demobilised in October 1946 and headed the Test Division of the Dassault Aviation (as chief-pilot). Colonel Rozanoff became the chief test pilot flying the MD-450 Ouragan and participated in testing military transport planes such as the Dassault MD.315 Flamant, and the fighter-bomber Mystère (I-IV). 
Rozanoff became the first Frenchman to break the sound barrier on 24 February 1954 in the Mystère IV A.
In 1954 Konstantin Rozanov published his autobiographical- "Double Bang - Ma Vie de Pilote d'Essai".
Colonel Rozanov was killed in a crash of a Mystère IV B during a public low-level flight on over Melun Villaroche Aerodrome.
He was buried in the Passy Cemetery.<br>
Awarded Air Medal and Légion d'honneur.

</doc>
<doc id="21551744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551744" title="Null House">
Null House

Null House is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, three-bay wide dwelling of wood-frame construction that was built between 1782 and 1784. It is a rare specimen of the early wooden clapboard building. The façade features a one-story wooden Italianate storefront of later construction with large store windows and two entrances. To save the building from demolition, it was moved on September 28, 1980, to the present site, 300 feet northeast of its original location on the opposite side of Hillen Street.
Null House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21551748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551748" title="Ritchie Valens...His Greatest Hits Volume 2">
Ritchie Valens...His Greatest Hits Volume 2

Ritchie Valens...His Greatest Hits Volume 2 is the second greatest hits compilation by Ritchie Valens. This follow-up to the "Ritchie Valens Memorial Album/His Greatest Hits" includes Valens' last two charted singles and ten tracks from the three original albums. Three tracks were previously issued on the first greatest hits package: "Donna", "La Bamba" and "Cry, Cry, Cry"
The record's labels and back cover show the title of the compilation as "La Bamba"
This was also the last Ritchie Valens album issued on the first-run Del-Fi label, which ceased operations in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21551760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551760" title="Michigan gubernatorial election, 2002">
Michigan gubernatorial election, 2002

The Michigan gubernatorial election of 2002 was one of the 36 United States gubernatorial elections held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican John Engler, after serving three terms, had stepped down and was not running; his lieutenant governor Dick Posthumus, also a Republican, ran in his place. Jennifer Granholm, then Attorney General of Michigan, ran on the Democratic Party ticket. Douglas Campbell ran on the Green Party ticket, and Joseph M. Pilchak ran on the Constitution Party ticket.
John D. Cherry ran on the Democratic party ballot for lieutenant governor.
Granholm won with 51% of the vote, followed by Posthumus' 48%, Campbell with 1%, and Pilchak with less than 1%. This made Granholm the first female Michigan governor and the first Democratic governor of Michigan in 12 years.
Primaries.
Democratic Primary.
Granholm defeated former Governor James Blanchard and House Democratic Whip David Bonior in the Democratic primary. Granholm was the first woman ever nominated by a major party to be Michigan governor.
Granholm was accused in the 2002 Democratic primary of several allegations of cronyism while working as Wayne County Corporation Counsel. Her husband, Daniel Mulhern, had received several contracts for his leadership training company shortly after Granholm left her position as a Wayne County Corporation Counsel in 1998. He received nearly $300,000 worth of contracts, despite being the highest bidder for one of those contracts. Opponents criticized Granholm supporters for engaging in cronyism and giving contracts to her husband immediately after leaving county employment. Granholm and her supporters responded that no ethical violations occurred and that Mulhern had earned the contracts on his own merits.
Election campaign.
Posthumus, who had been previous Governor Engler's Lieutenant Governor, ran his general election campaign promising to maintain the Engler legacy of lower taxes, more jobs and better schools.
Granholm promised change, running as a tough crime-fighter and consumer advocate. Granholm criticized the Engler administration for coming into office with a budget surplus and leaving with a deficit.
Kilpatrick memo controversy.
In the biggest event of the election, Posthumus released a memo from Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick asking for more appointments for blacks and jobs for Detroit contractors in a Granholm administration. Posthumus pointed to the memo as an example of Democratic Party corruption. Granholm, however, denied ever receiving the memo and said she wouldn't have agreed to it anyway. She said Posthumus was trying to be racially divisive.

</doc>
<doc id="21551765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551765" title="Shahi Imam">
Shahi Imam

The Shahi Imam is the Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, Mughal emperor Shahjahan appointed Syed Abdul Ghafoor Shah Bukhari to the high office of Imamat-e-Uzma, and conferred upon him the title of Shahi Imam.
Imams of Jama Masjid.
Shahi Imams of Jama Masjid include,

</doc>
<doc id="21551768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551768" title="Belgian Hare">
Belgian Hare

The Belgian Hare is a fancy breed of domestic rabbit, that was developed through selective breeding to closely resemble the wild hare in physical appearance. Averaging 6 to 9 pounds in weight, the Belgian Hare is characterized by its long, slender body and agile legs that closely resemble those of a hare, and can live up to ten years or more.
History.
The first Belgian Hares were bred in Belgium in the early 18th century out of selective breeding between domestic and wild European rabbits, with the intent of creating a practical meat rabbit. In 1874, they were imported to England and called the "Belgian Hare." English breeders made the Belgian Hare appear more spirited, like wild English rabbits. By 1877 the first Belgian Hares were shown in America, where it immediately rose in popularity, giving rise to thousands of Belgian Hare clubs around the country, thousands were bred, and some sold for as much as 1,000 US dollars.
The first of these clubs was known as the "American Belgian Hare Association". With a wide and scattered membership the club lasted not much more than a year. In 1897 the "National Belgian Hare Club" was formed. Twelve years after the formation of the National Belgian Hare Club of America, and as additional breeds were introduced in the US, a new "all-breed" club, the "National Pet Stock Association" was formed. After several name changes, the National Pet Stock Association became the American Rabbit Breeders Association As years passed, the National Belgian Hare club of America also passed from existence. In June, 1972, a group of Belgian Hare breeders gathered together to apply for a specialty club charter from the American Rabbit Breeders Association to replace the National Belgian Hare Club of America. In July, 1972, the charter was granted and the last, and most prominent of these groups, the "American Belgian Hare Club" was established, that continues to exist to this day. 
In 1917, their popularity began to fade away, and one of the reasons attributed to this decline is the failed attempt by many breeders to turn the Belgian Hare, a naturally race rabbit, into a meat rabbit, a role to which they were physically and behaviourally unsuited. However, today, true Belgian Hares are rare, due partly to the degree of difficulty many have had in breeding them.
Appearance.
The Belgian Hare is most known for its distinctively close resemblance to a hare, with a long, fine body with muscular flank, and distinctly arched back with loins and well-rounded hind quarters. Their head is long and their tail straight and carried in line with the backbone. The fore feet of a Belgian Hare is usually long and fine-boned and perfectly straight, while their hind feet long are fine and flat. They are believed to be the only breed of domestic breed featuring a deep red, rich chestnut color of the Belgian Hare, together with black ticking of a wavy or blotchy appearance and an extended down the sides.
Lifestyle.
Due to their difference from other breeds of domestic rabbit, the Belgian Hare may require different dietary and housing requirements to other rabbits, and as a result, they may demand more attention and care. 
Due to their size and energetic nature, it is recommended that the Belgian Hare be provided with a large hutch or cage to enable them to move freely. For an outdoor rabbit the ideal home is a wooden hutch made of a heavy wood with a waterproof roof, and raised off the ground. If the rabbit is going to live indoors then a wooden hutch can also be used or a cage. They should have a cage with at least a 24 by 60-inch floor for it to run around in and a height of 24 inches. A breeding or brood cage should be 36 by 72 inches, at least. In addition, the floor needs to be solid, as opposed to wire, to support the Belgian Hare's feet. The cage should have proper ventilation, and a plastic or wire base with a wire lid fixed to the base. Add straw, shredded paper or anything similar for the bottom of the cage. It is important for your Belgian Hare to stretch and one good way to ensure this is to have their water placed high in the cage
All rabbits must have an adequate exercise area, whether it is an outside run or an enclosed area in the house. Softwood shavings should not be used for the floor of the hutch or cage as they can cause respiratory problems. Fine sawdust can cause eye irritations so this should be avoided. Bedding material should be provided especially in cold and wet weather for the outdoor rabbit. A recommended practise is to place the straw on top of a layer of the hardwood shavings in the sleeping compartment, in order to ensure warmth and insulation for an outdoor Belgian Hare. The rabbit home should be cleaned out weekly and any old food removed. If it is necessary to wash the home then only use a cleaner specifically designed for cleaning rabbit hutches. 
The Belgian Hare has a short coat and if kept clean, requires little grooming other than an occasional rub over to remove any dead coat. When in moult the coat benefits from a good combing through every other day to remove the old coat. This will help bring the new coat through faster and minimize the old fluffy undercoat matting up when it's on its way out.
Behaviour.
The Belgian Hare is one of the most intelligent and energetic rabbits. Rabbits can become trained to learn their name. Due to their active nature and alert temperament, they can very easily be startled by sudden noise or movement, and a recommended practise by owners of this breed is to have a radio constantly playing near them, so they can get used to noise. As a result of their active personality, they have been called "the poor man's racehorse". The Belgian Hare is known to be responsive to handling, particularly when trained from an early age, however, it is recommended that the Belgian Hare should not be handled by children mainly due to their large size and speed that may cause injury.
Diet.
As the Belgian Hare has a very high metabolic rate, it may require more food and more consistent feeding than other breeds of domestic rabbit. The specific dietary requirements of a Belgian Hare do not differ significantly from other breeds of domestic rabbit, and like the majority of rabbits, the most important component of the diet of a Belgian Hare is hay, a roughage that reduces the chance of blockages and malocclusion whilst providing indigestible fiber necessary to keep the gut moving. Grass hays such as timothy are generally preferred over legume hays like clover and alfalfa. Legume hays are higher in protein, calories, and calcium, which in excess can cause kidney stones and loose stool. This type of hay should be reserved for young kits or lactating does. 
It is recommended that the Belgian Hare, like other rabbits, receive a standard intake of 2 cups of chopped dark, green, leafy vegetables per 6 pounds of body weight (although this should be provided after four months of age to prevent enteritis) and up to 2 tablespoons of fruit or carrots per 6 pounds of body weight daily. It is common for some owners to provide treats, although in very limited quantities, which can include a few pellets, a slice of strawberry, or other healthy foods. Commercial treats are available in the pet stores can be fed, but owneers should stay away from anything with a yoghurt coating, or other ingredients that the rabbit would not encounter in the wild.
Some of the vegetables that rabbits enjoy are romaine lettuce, escarole, turnips, collard, kale, parsley, thyme, cilantro, dandelion, and basil. The green, leafy tops of radish and carrots also are excellent sources of nutrients, but should be fed sparingly due to the high calcium content. New vegetables should be introduced slowly due to the delicate digestive systems of rabbits. It is recommended that cauliflower, broccoli and cabbage be avoided, as they cause gas and can lead to gastrointestinal stasis, which can be fatal. Vegetables such as potatoes and corn should also avoided due to their high starch content. Belgian Hares also require an unlimited amount of fresh water, usually provided for in a water crock, tip-proof ceramic pet dish, or hanging water bottle.
Breeding.
The ideal age for the female Belgian Hare to start breeding is about 9 months of age, and can produce large litters of between 4 to 8 babies, with a gestation period of between 28 to 31 days. On average, they give birth at 30 to 32 days.
As different bucks and does react to the breeding situation differently, one must be prepared to adapt their breeding practices to the Hare's preferences.
Like all rabbits, Belgian Hares are induced ovulators (a doe can immediately ovulate at the time of breeding). However, the doe has a 10-14 day receptivity cycle. During her receptivity period she will accept the buck readily. A receptive doe can be identified by the dark pink, moist, appearance of her vulva. If you have a receptive doe to breed, by all means, try placing her in your buck's cage first, but watch them carefully. In many instances, the buck, the doe, or both animals can become so upset by the appearance of the other Hare, that they will either attack (and you will have a real fight on your hands) or retreat to a corner and cower. 
A method of breeding used very successfully by some breeders is the "honeymoon cottage". In this method, a large cage, at least 60 inches long is partitioned into two parts with a plywood wall. The smaller part should be about 18 inches long, and the larger, 42 inches. The plywood wall should have a 6 inch round hole through it at the doe's shoulder height. A clean, sterilized cage should be used so that there are no other animal odors on it. In other words, the cage should be "neutral ground". It is recommended that the doe and buck be placed together for 10 – 14 days to bond with each other, and eventually mate. Initially, it is expected that the two may chase each other around back and forth through the hole, and after a while, the doe will discover that when the buck's amorous advances became too much, she can defend her territory, i.e., her side of the cage, by standing with her head in the hole. They will mate when both buck and does are ready. Ten to fourteen days through her gestation period, the buck should be removed, and the larger part of the cage should be cleaned, leaving the cardboard covered smaller part alone. After a while, the doe will make a nest on the floor of the darkened, smaller, part of the cage, and conceive at the end of her gestation period. Following a period of eight weeks after the conception, it is recommended that the litter be weaned by removing the doe, and the doe and buck be separated.

</doc>
<doc id="21551781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551781" title="Stanislav Lopukhov">
Stanislav Lopukhov

Stanislav Lopukhov (born November 27, 1972) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from Russia, who won the silver medal in the 4×100 metres medley relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21551783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551783" title="Thomas Kammerlander">
Thomas Kammerlander

Thomas Kammerlander (born February 13, 1990) is an Austrian luger who has competed since 2006. A natural track luger, he won a silver medal in the men's singles event at the 2009 FIL World Luge Natural Track Championships in Moos, Italy.
Kammerlander also won two medals at the FIL European Luge Championships 2010 in St. Sebastian, Austria with a gold in the mixed team and a silver in the men's singles events.

</doc>
<doc id="21551790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551790" title="2009 Adelaide Sevens">
2009 Adelaide Sevens

The 2009 Adelaide Sevens, promoted as the International Rugby Sevens Adelaide 2009, was a rugby sevens tournament that was part of the IRB Sevens World Series in the 2008–09 season. It was the Australian Sevens leg of the series, held between the 3rd and 5th of April at the Adelaide Oval in South Australia.
South Africa retained their title, and took an almost unassailable lead in the 2008-09 IRB Sevens World Series, defeating rapidly improving Kenya in the final. England won the Plate, Samoa the Bowl and USA the Shield.
Format.
The teams were drawn into four pools of four teams each. Each team played the other teams in their pool once, with 3 points awarded for a win, 2 points for a draw, and 1 point for a loss (no points awarded for a forfeit). he top two teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals in the main competition, with the winners of those quarter-finals competing in cup semi-finals and the losers competing in plate semi-finals. The bottom two teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals in the consolation competition, with the winners of those quarter-finals competing in bowl semi-finals and the losers competing in shield semi-finals. 
Teams.
The participating teams were:
Pool stages.
The tournament started on the Friday night and Saturday with matches between teams in the same pool on a round robin basis. The following is a list of the recorded results.
Knockout.
Play on the last day of the tournament consisted of finals matches for the Bowl, Plate, and Cup competitions. The following is a list of the recorded results.

</doc>
<doc id="21551803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551803" title="Casa-Grande &amp; Senzala">
Casa-Grande &amp; Senzala

Published in 1933, Casa-Grande e Senzala () is a book by Gilberto Freyre, about the formation of the Brazilian society. The "Casa-Grande" (big house) refers to the landlords residences in sugar plantations, where whole towns were owned and managed by one man. The "senzala" (slave quarters) refers to the dwelling of the black working class, where they originally worked as slaves, and later as servants. 
In Freyre's opinion, the architecture of the Casa-Grande was an expression of a patriarchal society. In this book the author refutes the idea that Brazil would have an "inferior race" because of race-mixing. He points to the positive elements that permeate the Brazilian cultural formation because of miscegenation (especially between Portuguese, Indians and Africans).
The book deals with race/class separation, and miscegenation and is generally considered a classic of modern cultural anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="21551804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21551804" title="Pauline Joran">
Pauline Joran

Pauline Joran (1870 – 13 August 1954) was an American-born opera singer and violinist. She was the wife of William Ernest Bush, the first and last Baron de Bush, and mother of Paulise de Bush, the "Baby Baroness". She is remembered for creating the role of Saida in Arthur Sullivan's 1898 Savoy opera "The Beauty Stone".
After a touring career as a child violinist, playing together with her pianist sisters in the U.S. and abroad in the 1880s, Joran began an opera career in England, which lasted through the 1890s. With her marriage to Baron de Bush in 1899, she retired from the stage. He was killed in an accident in 1903, and Joran lived quietly for some years, returning to society by 1910 as a hostess and patroness of music.
Early life.
Joran was born Clara Pauline Joran in Chicago, Illinois in 1870, the second daughter of Louis Grund Joran, a musician, and his wife, an English pianist. She made her violin debut, at age 11, forming a concert troupe with her pianist sisters, Lulu (two years older) and Elise (two years younger). Their director, the fourth member of the quartet, was Miss M. Hyde who also acted as an accompanist. The children's talents were much admired at the time, especially their skill at absolute pitch and their ability to tell the notes of chords sounded whilst blindfolded. The troupe visited California, Mexico and Australia, among others. In Hawaii, they played for the last king, Kalākaua.
Joran underwent preliminary voice training in 1884–85 with the singer Margaret Blake-Alverson, who had described her as singing with taste and feeling, as well as being a talented violinist. In 1885, they performed for the famous opera singer Adelina Patti. In the latter part of the 1880s, the Jorans travelled to Europe to further their musical studies.
Operatic career.
In London, as a debutante, Joran was recommended to the conductor Wilhelm Ganz. As a member of the New Meistersingers' Club in St James's Street, Ganz arranged musical soirees for which he held auditions for potential performers. He found that Joran played the violin well, and that she had a lovely soprano voice. Ganz advised her to give up playing the violin and take to the operatic stage, as she was a very good-looking young woman with a beautiful figure. Nevertheless, Joran did not abandon the violin, playing Mendelssohn's "G minor Violin Concerto" in Liverpool in 1893 and, as late as December 1896, giving a concert at St James's Hall, London, as both violinist and vocalist.
Meanwhile, with a recommendation from Ganz, Joran was engaged by the Carl Rosa Opera Company, making her London stage debut in the mezzo-soprano roles of Lola in "Cavalleria rusticana" and Beppe in the UK premiere of "L'amico Fritz", which opened on 24 September 1892 at the Prince's Theatre, Manchester. The latter required her to sing and play the violin simultaneously, enabling her to showcase both her talents. "The Manchester Guardian" wrote that she played the violin "like an angel" and then surprised her audience with the excellence of her singing.
She was well received and was soon engaged by Sir Augustus Harris to be one of his prima donnas at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, and on tour. Joran's roles over the next four years included Marguerite in "Faust", the title role in "Carmen" (which she also played at the Garrick Theatre), Eurydice in "Orfeo", Nedda in "Pagliacci", Alice Ford in "Falstaff", Anita in "La Navarraise", Lady Pamela in "Fra Diavolo", and roles in "Maritana", "Cavalleria rusticana", "Die Walküre", "Roméo et Juliette", "The Lady of Longford", as well as the role of Gertrude in an opera bouffe called "Il Maestro di Cappella" at the Prince of Wales's Theatre. An 1896 review said of her, "Mlle. Pauline Joran is a bewitching Carmen. She sings and acts the part to the life. She is a true artiste." She also sang in Italy during 1895–96.
Joran created the role of Saida in the premiere of "The Beauty Stone", by Arthur Sullivan, A. W. Pinero and J. Comyns Carr, at the Savoy Theatre, on May 28, 1898. She was one of two opera singers imported into the regular Savoy cast, which included Henry Lytton (who became her lifelong friend), at increased salaries to tackle the music, which was considered more vocally challenging than other Savoy operas. Cunningham Bridgeman deemed her "unquestionably the finest prima donna ever seen on the Savoy stage". "The Times" wrote, "Musically, the chief honours of the performance, such as they are, fall to Miss Pauline Joran's share; she sings the music of Saida with remarkable finish and success, and her acting is really powerful and full of suggestion." After this, in early 1899, she reprised her roles in "Faust, Pagliacci", and "Cavalleria rusticana" at the Lyceum Theatre, London.
Marriage and later years.
On December 6, 1899, Joran married William Ernest Bush, the Baron de Bush, and retired from performing. They had a daughter together, Paulise Mary Louise (1900–1975). In March 1903 Joran made a brief return to performing, singing at a concert at St. James's Hall, presented by her sister, the pianist Elise Joran. On July 24 that year, the Baron de Bush was killed after falling in front of an express train near Northampton, while he and his wife were travelling up to Scotland. This left their daughter the Baroness de Bush, England's youngest Baroness.
Joran lived quietly for several years, but by 1910, she had re-entered social life. She was a member of the Society of American Women in London and attended the events they hosted, such as a farewell dinner held for Charles W. Fairbanks in London on March 12, 1910. By this time, she was out of mourning, as she was noted to be wearing "fraise" (strawberry pink). She made her grand opera debut in Milan in 1910 "under Sonzogno, singing ... Santuzza and Nedda with the greatest success". She became a well-known hostess and patroness of music, presenting private concerts at her house in Regent's Park, featuring well-known singers.
Joran died in 1954 in London. She was survived by her daughter Paulise, an active collector of historical dress, who bequeathed her collection to the National Trust. The collection, including some of Joran's garments, is housed and exhibited at Killerton House, Broadclyst, near Exeter.

</doc>
