<doc id="21606615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606615" title="Operation Sigma Sigma">
Operation Sigma Sigma

The Sigma is an experimental glider developed in Britain from 1966 by a team led by Nicholas Goodhart. After disappointing performance during flight testing the Sigma was passed on to a Canadian group which carried out modifications, making the Sigma more competitive.
Design and development.
Designed to compete in the 1970 World Championships, the team aimed to develop a wing that would climb well through a high lift coefficient and a large wing area, but equally had the "maximum possible reduction of area for cruise at low lift coefficients". At the same time for the minimum possible drag they aimed for "extensive" laminar flow. To achieve this they employed flaps that would alter both wing area and wing camber. Based on analysis of the nature of thermals encountered in cross-country flying, they reasoned that by having a slow turning circle, their sailplane could stay close to the central (and strongest) part of the thermal and gain maximum benefit.
Its unusual feature is its ability to vary its wing area using Fowler flaps. It had been tried before by the Hannover Akaflieg in 1938 with their AFH-4, the South African Beatty-Johl BJ-2 Assegai and the SZD Zefir gliders.
Operation Sigma Ltd. was formed, attracting sponsorship from Hawker Siddeley and assistance from eminent aerodynamicists, and construction of a prototype was started at the Slingsby Kirbymoorside factory. A fire at the Slingsby factory in 1968 destroyed the prototype, which was nearing completion. Slingsby Sailplanes Ltd. soon went into receivership after the disastrous fire so the remaining prototype Sigma Type C was relocated to the British European Airways workshops at London Heathrow Airport (LHR). After completion it eventually flew for the first time on 12 September 1971 at the College of Aeronautics, Cranfield.
The wings and tail boom are of aluminum alloy construction and the front of the fuselage is glass-fibre composite, with a welded steel tube centre-section connecting the fuselage components and wings. Other eqiuipment fitted include a retractable main wheel, speed limiting air brakes and a tail parachute housed in a compartment in the rudder.
The hydraulically actuated flaps increased the wing area to 177 square feet (an increase of 35%), lowering the wing loading and stalling speed (37 knots), allowing the desired tight circling when thermalling. The hydraulic pressure needed to move the flaps was provided by the pilot pumping on the rudder pedals, this proving to be tiring, not to mention that moving the flaps in flight was found to be almost impossible due to bending in the wings. Performance testing revealed a disappointing best L/D of 41:1 and the project was wound up in 1977.
The group offered the Sigma up to further development by other parties, selecting a proposal by David Marsden a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Alberta (on sabbatical at Cranfield Institute of Technology and a glider pilot holding records with his own glider designs such as the Marsden Gemini).
The aircraft was moved to Canada in 1979 by Marsden, modified with a new flap system, conventional ailerons in lieu of outboard flap sections and the tail parachute was removed from the rudder. Despite the glide ratio only increasing to 47:1, its good climb rate made it competitive with contemporary Open Class gliders of the time, breaking the US 300 km triangle record in 1997 at .
Variants.
"Data from:"British Gliders and Sailpanes 1922-1970

</doc>
<doc id="21606679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606679" title="Packshot">
Packshot

A packshot (also pack shot) is a still or moving image of a product, usually including its packaging and labeling, used to portray the product's reputation in advertising or other media.
It is an important stimulus to sales, with the goal of triggering in-store, on-shelf product recognition.
The term packshot also refers to product placement in a movie or television show.
Pack shots often dominate television commercials, taking from two to five seconds of a thirty-second commercial.
Forged or leaked packshots for unreleased products have led to controversy or increased interest in the product.
Packshots can be a simple photograph of the product on a white background or can entail the use of elaborate props. Products sold as digital downloads, such as software, sometimes have digitally generated packshots when no physical product or packaging exists.

</doc>
<doc id="21606700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606700" title="Zaforas">
Zaforas

Zaforas () is a small Greek island in the southern part of the Dodecanese chain, about south of the island Astypalaia.

</doc>
<doc id="21606708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606708" title="The House of the Arrow (1930 film)">
The House of the Arrow (1930 film)

The House of the Arrow is a 1930 British mystery film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Dennis Neilson-Terry, Benita Hume and Richard Cooper. It was based on the book "The House of the Arrow" by A.E.W. Mason part of his Inspector Hanaud series. It was one of four film adaptations of the story.
A follow up film "At the Villa Rose" was made in 1930 with the same director. Trevor Austin replaced Terry as Inspector Hanaud.

</doc>
<doc id="21606709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606709" title="Mrs. Fisher's">
Mrs. Fisher's

Mrs. Fisher's, Inc., also known as "Mrs. Fishers Potato Chips", is a regional manufacturer of potato chips founded in Rockford, Illinois. The company was begun in 1932 by Ethel Fisher and today is a recognized brand name of potato chips in parts of the Midwestern United States.
History.
According to the Mrs. Fisher's website, it was Eugene Fisher, Ethel (Feldt) Fisher's husband, who had the idea of producing potato chips. Eugene and Ethel cooked chips to earn extra money during the The Depression. The logo for Mrs. Fisher's potato chips, invented by Eugene in the first year of business, has changed little over the years. The logo features a 'potato-man' wearing a top hat dancing in a circle with two children. Packaging for Mrs. Fisher's also features bright red and yellow striping along the edges. Originally, the brand carried the name "Mr. and Mrs. Fisher's"; but when Eugene Fisher later deserted his wife and daughter and the business, Ethel Fisher removed his name from the branding. 
The company, which still operates out of Rockford, was eventually sold by Ethel Fisher to truck driver Sylvester Hahn in 1949. Employee Anthony Marsili, and his brother Mario, purchased the business in 1962. Later, and for 29 years, the company was owned by Chuck, Pete and Paul DiVenti. The company is currently owned by Roma and Mark Hailman, former employees who bought the company in 2007. Since its inception Mrs. Fisher's has remained a locally run company. Mrs. Fisher's chips are sold in northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin.
Products.
Currently Mrs. Fisher's produces several types of potato chips: regular, rippled, BBQ, BBQ rippled, and dark chips. The dark chips are made from a different potato. Mrs. Fisher's chips, which in total is sold at the rate of about 600,000 pounds per year. The company also produces caramel corn, nuts and other items under separate label.

</doc>
<doc id="21606723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606723" title="USRA Light Pacific">
USRA Light Pacific

The USRA Light Pacific was a USRA standard class of steam locomotive designed under the control of the United States Railroad Administration, the nationalized railroad system in the United States during World War I. This was the standard light passenger locomotive of the USRA types, and was 4-6-2 wheel arrangement in the Whyte notation, or 2′C1′ in UIC classification.
A total of 81 locomotives were built under USRA control; these were sent to the following railroads:
After the dissolution of the USRA, all three railroads ordered additional copies of the USRA Light Pacific design, while the Grand Trunk Western Railroad and the Mobile and Ohio Railroad ordered only copies.

</doc>
<doc id="21606726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606726" title="Luciano del Castillo">
Luciano del Castillo

Luciano del Castillo (Palermo, 1960) is an Italian photographer and journalist specializing in war photography.
Biography.
Castillo started working in 1980 as a photojournalist in Palermo for daily newspaper "L'Ora" and the agency Informazione fotografica by Letizia Battaglia and Franco Zecchin. In 1987, Castillo collaborated for "Action Press" in Hamburg on issues in Eastern European nations such as Romania, Poland, Hungary, and Yugoslavia. In 1986 and also from 1994 to 1996, he realized monographic dossiers for Iberian television TV3.
In 1994 in Rome, he worked for the national newspapers and magazines Il Corriere della Sera, la Repubblica, Il Messaggero, La Stampa, L'Unità, Avvenire, Panorama, L'Espresso, Famiglia Cristiana, and Diario, along with the international magazines and newspapers The Boston Globe, The Guardian, The Washington Post, International Herald Tribune, El País, La Vanguardia, El Tiempo, El Mundo, The Australian, and Der Spiegel.
From 1995 to April 2002, he worked for Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata (a.k.a. ANSA), an Italian news Agency in Rome. From June 2002 to January 2004, worked for the Associated Press in Rome. He has been working for ANSA since December 2005.
He was a speaker at a conference on the role of photography in war zones; the conference was organized by the Italian Foundation of Photography and took place in Turin in April 2002. In 2002, he published a dossier on the dangers of being a war reporter for weekly magazine "Diario".
From 2002 to the end of 2005, he worked mainly abroad in areas of conflict, including for the Italian Department of Civil Defense for missions carried out in countries affected by natural disasters. Assignments he attended to were for an earthquake in Bam, Iran; an earthquake in Al Hoceima, Morocco; and the 2004 tsunami in Sri Lanka.
In 2005, he published a dossier from Nasiriya, Iraq titled "Brigata Combat Camera" in the weekly magazine L'Espresso.
Castillo has collaborated, along with Professor Luigi Goglia, with the faculty of history of journalism and mass communication at Università degli Studi Roma Tre.
Castillo was a teacher at the annual course for journalists working in areas of crisis, organized by the Ministry of Defense and in collaboration with the Federazione Nazionale Stampa Italiana.
In 2008, he contributed to the publication of the Palestinian magazine "Wameed" 

</doc>
<doc id="21606729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606729" title="FK Polonija Vilnius">
FK Polonija Vilnius

FK Polonija Vilnius is a Lithuanian football team from the city of Vilnius.
In 1999 it was known as "Ardena Vilnius".

</doc>
<doc id="21606749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606749" title="Jack Roberts (footballer born 1910)">
Jack Roberts (footballer born 1910)

John Edgar "Jack" Roberts (15 March 1910 – 1 June 1985) was an English footballer. He had the nickname of "Nipper" Roberts.
A forward, he played amateur football for Marine, Orrell, Blundellsands, and the Northern Nomads. He represented England amateurs, before entering the Football League with Southport. He joined Liverpool in May 1933, but left the club the following June after playing just one league game. He spent 18 months with Cheshire League champions Wigan Athletic, scoring 54 goals in 59 league appearances. He returned to the Football League with Port Vale in December 1935. He twice finished as the club's top-scorer, and no Football League player scored more league goals than Roberts in the 1937–38 season. He retired as a professional player to serve in the Irish Guards in World War II. He was captured by enemy forces, but escaped from captivity to walk 400 miles back to Allied territory in 1944.
Playing career.
Roberts played for non-league amateur sides Marine, Orrell, Blundellsands, and Northern Nomads, before signing with professional club Southport. During his amateur days he also represented the England national amateur team. He signed with First Division giants Liverpool in May 1933, and made his debut on 4 September 1933, in a 1–1 draw with Stoke City at the Victoria Ground. This was his only appearance of the "Reds" highly disappointing 1933–34 campaign – which saw Liverpool narrowly avoiding the relegation zone – and he departed Anfield for Cheshire League side Wigan Athletic in June 1934.
Forming a deadly partnership with Georgie Scott, Roberts proved to be a revelation for Charlie Spencer's "Latics". He scored 46 goals in 42 league games in 1934–35, as Wigan won the Cheshire League title. He also hit six goals in the FA Cup, as the non-league side reached the Third Round of the competition, where they bowed out with a defeat at Millwall. He added eight goals in 15 league games the following season, but had already ensured himself a return to the Football League.
He joined Second Division side Port Vale for a large fee in December 1935. He hit 12 goals in 21 appearances in 1935–36, becoming the club's top-scorer despite playing only half of the season. His arrival proved to have come too late however, and the "Valiants" failed to escape the relegation zone, finishing one point behind Barnsley in 20th place. Roberts nevertheless proved himself to be a forward of some promise, scoring a hat-trick past Hull City in a 4–0 win at The Old Recreation Ground on 2 March, and also finding the net twice at Vetch Field and once at St James' Park.
Roberts was dropped from the first team in November of the 1936–37 season, but still managed to score eight goals in 16 appearances. Vale finished the season in 11th place in the Third Division North under the stewardship of former England international Warney Cresswell. Cresswell instead favoured a forward partnership of Tom Nolan and Tommy Ward, and also tried Syd Goodfellow in the number ten role.
Cresswell soon left the club for another management post, allowing Roberts to return the first eleven at the start of the 1937–38 campaign. He was once again prolific, scoring 28 league and two FA Cup goals in 40 competitive appearances. This record made him not only Port Vale's top-scorer, but also the Football Leagues joint-highest scorer, along with Everton's Tommy Lawton. During the campaign, Roberts hit all four goals in a home win over Barrow on 25 September, and also hit a hat-trick past Accrington Stanley in a 4–1 home win on 8 January. Despite his exploits in front of goal, Port Vale could only manage a 15th place finish, and won just one of their 21 away games.
Port Vale were placed in the Third Division South in the 1938–39 season. Roberts scored only ten goals in 21 games, having been forced to miss much of the season after dislocating his shoulder in a 4–0 win over Bristol City on New Year's Eve. The club could only manage an 18th place finish, they lost six of their next eight games following Roberts's injury, finding the net just four times. Nolan finished as the club's top-scorer with 17 goals, though outside of Nolan and Roberts there were no players with more than five league goals.
He guested for Wrexham in the autumn of 1939. He left Port Vale for good the following year to fight for the Allies in World War II. He scored a total of 74 goals in 118 competitive games in five years at the club.
World War II.
During the war, Roberts enlisted in the Irish Guards and was captured in Tunisia. He managed to escape from an Italian prisoner-of-war camp in 1944, walking 400 miles to freedom with a broken neck.

</doc>
<doc id="21606753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606753" title="Jam sandwich (food)">
Jam sandwich (food)

A jam sandwich is usually composed of two slices of bread, butter or margarine, and jam (traditionally strawberry) which is normally consumed at lunchtime or as a quick "snack." In the United States the phrase jam sandwich commonly refers to a toast sandwich.
Origin.
Jam sandwiches are thought to have originated at around the 19th century in the United Kingdom. In Scotland they are known as pieces and jam or jeely pieces. The jam sandwich was an affordable food which was a major part of the diets of the lower/working-class people of cities such as London and Glasgow. One plausible reason for this was that the ingredients that the jam sandwiches were made from cost little to manufacture and due to taxes being lifted on sugar in 1880, it became widely available as a cheap foodstuff. Today, jam sandwiches are mainly consumed by children. Shops do not often sell individual jam sandwiches.
In popular culture.
Steve Urkel of the sitcom "Family Matters" can frequently be seen with a jam sandwich in most episodes. In the select few episodes where he doesn't have a jam sandwich, the actor Jaleel White has been cited to have been "thinking about jam sandwiches the entire time."
The popular Scottish folk song The Jeely Piece Song which appeared in the in 1960s humorously describes the effect of new social housing policies on the eating habits of Scottish youngsters. The lyrics were written by Adam McNaughton. It was performed by Matt McGinn and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="21606756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606756" title="Pedro Franco">
Pedro Franco

Pedro Camilo Franco Ulloa (born 23 April 1991) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a centre back for Beşiktaş in the Süper Lig.
Club career.
Millonarios.
Franco is a youth product of Colombian giant Millonarios. After making his debut in 2009 with the senior squad, he became a key defender for the Colombian capital's team. He was part of the team that won the 2012 Categoría Primera A season leading to the final on penalties, where he scored one of the penalties in victory.
In April 2013, Franco reached a remarkable 100th club career appearance.
Beşiktaş.
Franco signed a 5-year deal with Turkish giants Beşiktaş for a fee of €2.4 million. However, as of December, he has yet to play any games for the Turkish side, leading many to believe that he is to leave in the 2014 January transfer. Weeks later, it was rumoured that he would be set to go on loan. With no appearances in the league, Franco requested more playing time in order for potential spot in 2014 World Cup with Colombia. Beşiktaş coach, Slaven Bilić, promised to help him also guaranteeing that Franco would be included in Colombia's final list for World Cup.
After months of struggling to earn his debut, Franco finally made his official first appearance for the club in 2014 after being subbed in against Trabzonspor in the 66th minute. The game ended 1-1. On 11 February 2014, he scored his first goal for Beşiktaş against Kasımpaşa at the 3-0 away win.
International career.
Franco played with the U-20 national team between 2009 to 2011. He won the 2011 edition of the Toulon Tournament where he was selected as the tournament's best defender, and played in the 2011 South American Youth Championship. He also represented Colombia during the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup in which his home nation hosted.
Honours.
Club.
Millonarios
International.
Colombia

</doc>
<doc id="21606777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606777" title="Karl Altmann">
Karl Altmann

Karl Altmann (Feuchtwangen, 1802 – Munich, January 11, 1861) was a Jewish-German painter.
Biography.
Altmann, son of Joseph Altmann, was born in Feuchtwangen and grew up in Ansbach. He studied painting in Munich and then at the Arts Academy Dresden, visited Italy, and settled down in Munich. 
It is traced, that he lived at "Lerchen Straße 43" in Munich around 1850. 
Altmann's oil paintings show scenes of alpine life, robbers, poachers, smugglers, folk festivals and other topics. He also painted still lifes. His works belong to national and international collections of established galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="21606793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606793" title="Direct Contact">
Direct Contact

Direct Contact is a 2009 American action film written, produced and directed by Danny Lerner, and starring Dolph Lundgren, Michael Paré, Gina May and Bashar Rahal. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on June 2, 2009.
Plot.
Mike Riggins (Dolph Lundgren), an imprisoned ex-US Special forces operative in Eastern Europe, is offered his freedom and money to rescue an American woman, Ana Gale (Gina May), who has been kidnapped by a ruthless warlord. But, shortly after freeing her, Mike discovers that the kidnap story was just a ruse to bring Ana out into the open. Our hero suddenly finds himself and his charge being hunted by ruthless government, para-military, and underworld organizations – all who want him dead and Ana under their control. With no one to turn to, and the enemies closing in, Mike must uncover the truth about Ana and bring her to the safety of the U.S. Embassy.
Production.
It is set and filmed at Sofia Bulgaria, in 27 days on February 19 and March 17, 2008.
Home media.
On June 2, 2009, DVD was released by First Look Entertainment in the United States in Region 1. On 13 June 2011, DVD was released by Lionsgate Home Entertainment in the United Kingdom in Region 2. 

</doc>
<doc id="21606799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606799" title="Bertin Ebwellé">
Bertin Ebwellé

Bertin Ebwellé Ndingué (born 11 September 1962 in Yaoundé) is a retired professional footballer who represented Cameroon at the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He also took part in 1992 African Nations Cup. He played club football with Tonnerre Yaoundé, Persisam Putra Samarinda and Olympic Mvolyé.
He coached Tonnerre Yaoundé.

</doc>
<doc id="21606804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606804" title="The Brian Jackson Show">
The Brian Jackson Show

The Brian Jackson Show follows shows such as lonelygirl15 and Kate Modern as examples of the growing number of internet sitcoms and shows that are being broadcast exclusively online.
Whilst half hour shows and feature-length movies are already widely available online, such shows were originally produced for and distributed on more conventional media such as television and movie theatres. The Brian Jackson Show is currently one of the few exclusively online shows to be broadcast as full TV-length episodic content.
The Brian Jackson Show aired its first episode on 14 March 2009 
Overview.
The Brian Jackson Show is written and directed by Mark Marlow.
The show has its own Facebook page
"The eponymous Brian Jackson is a man that thinks the unthinkable and simply runs with it.
The Brian Jackson Show is a fresh and innovative new sitcom, that exclusively available ONLINE.
A comedy aimed at those who secretly wish they could live life by their own set of rules, oblivious to the chaos around the corner.
Spread over six intricately structured episodes, writer and director Mark Marlow invites audiences to enter the world of Brian Jackson and his three housemates. Robin Donald is Brian's wing man, or put more accurately, his patsy. The house is owned by Tony, Robin's step brother, who has recently thrown a curve ball at the house dynamics; a woman. Cringe and cry with laughter as Robin, Tony, and his girlfriend Crystal are swept away by the whirlwind that is Brian Jackson. False Limbs; assisted suicide; dog knapping; and illegal pornography...taboo has lost all meaning."
Reviews and Press.
The Brian Jackson Show has started to garner press attention since its launch, with one reviewer describing an episode as "29:58 of sheer joy to be watched repeatedly".
"Of late, England has produced series after series of awkward yet intelligently goofy sitcoms that Hollywood inevitably cannibalizes. The web series The Brian Jackson Show is firmly of this tradition."

</doc>
<doc id="21606814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606814" title="Julia Ford">
Julia Ford

Julia Ford is a British actress and TV/ Film director.
She has appeared in a variety of theatre, film, radio and television productions, including "Waking the Dead", "Silent Witness", "Midsomer Murders" and "All About George", "The Street", "Red Riding", "Coming Down The Mountain", "In A Land of Plenty", "Insiders" and "Island at War". In 2009 she played the part of Fleur in "Being Human" and "Jean" in an episode of "Moving On" called "Bully". In 2009, Ford portrayed a disturbed women known as Maureen in Channel 4's "Shameless". In 2013, she appeared as Mary McCloud in the BBC One drama series, "Frankie".
On film she has been in Now is Good, Summer, I'll tell you and played Sandra in "A Room for Romeo Brass".
She played the lead role of Agnes in Moliere's School For Wives at The National Theatre age 23.
Other Theatre includes acting In the original production of "The Weir" in which she played Valerie at the Royal Court. Playing Ophelia opposite Alan Rickman in Hamlet and she played Hero in Much Ado About Nothing opposite Ralph Fiennes at the RSC. She starred as Amanda in Vivienne Franzmann's play "Mogadishu" at the Royal Exchange, Manchester, and then at the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith, in 2011. Additionally in 2011 Ford portrayed Lady Macbeth opposite David Morrissey in the title role of "Macbeth" at the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool.
In November 2012 she appeared in the BBC 1 drama thriller "The Secret of Crickley Hall" as Irene Judd. In 2014, she appeared in "Happy Valley" as Jenny Weatherill.

</doc>
<doc id="21606817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606817" title="Dennis Neilson-Terry">
Dennis Neilson-Terry

Dennis Neilson-Terry (21 October 1895 – 14 July 1932) was a British actor, theatre manager and producer, who starred in a number of films between 1917 and 1932. 
He was the son of the actor Fred Terry and his wife, the actress Julia Neilson. In his early years he had been seen as a rising Shakespearean. After the First World War he specialised, as his parents had done before him, in less demanding roles in ephemeral but popular and profitable plays. While touring in southern Africa with such a repertory he contracted pneumonia and died at the age of 36.
Life and career.
Family.
Dennis Neilson-Terry was born in London into the Terry family of actors. His parents were Fred Terry and his wife Julia Neilson; his older sister was the actress Phyllis Neilson-Terry. He married the actress Mary Glynne and was the father of the actress Hazel Terry.
Early years.
Neilson-Terry was educated at Charterhouse School and made his stage debut at Drury Lane on 12 June 1906, as a page in "Much Ado About Nothing", as part of Ellen Terry's Jubilee celebrations. He made his first regular appearance on the stage under the name of Derrick Dennis, at the New Theatre in May 1911, as Silvius in "As You Like It". In his parents' company he played Armand St Just in "The Scarlet Pimpernel", after which he widened his Shakespearean repertoire during a year's tour with F R Benson's company, playing Lorenzo ("The Merchant of Venice", Silvius, Rosencrantz in "Hamlet", Paris in "Romeo and Juliet", Octavius Caesar in "Antony and Cleopatra", Demetrius in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and Malcolm in "Macbeth.
In 1912, under Herbert Beerbohm Tree's management, Neilson-Terry played Sebastian in "Twelfth Night" opposite the Viola of his sister. For Lillah McCarthy and Harley Granville-Barker he played Florizel in "The Winter's Tale," and Sebastian in "Twelfth Night" later in 1912. "The Times" praised his "dainty" playing in the former, and commented that he was "evidently gifted with a full measure of the family talent."
Leading man.
In 1913 Neilson-Terry was given his first starring role, in "Romeo and Juliet". "The Manchester Guardian" said:
Neilson-Terry's roles between then and the First World War included Louis Dubedat in "The Doctor's Dilemma" (1913), and Oberon in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (1914). The reviewer in "The Times" said of his performance in the latter that he dominated the whole play, "informs it with graciousness and majesty … and exquisite rhythmic beauty."
During the war Neilson-Terry served in the Royal West Surrey Regiment, and was demobilised in 1917, when he resumed his theatrical career. In his post-war productions he opted for crowd-pleasing, light plays, as his father had done before him. As "The Manchester Guardian" put it, "Before the war Mr Neilson-Terry was characteristically a Shakespearean and romantic actor. After the war he put on horned spectacles and a scarf, resembled Mr Harold Lloyd of the films, and acted 'silly ass' detectives who were cleverer than they looked." Of his later stage productions, one performance stood out: that of a frightened man in a haunted room in Ned Lathom's play "Fear", which, the "Guardian" critic wrote, "signalled unmistakably that Neilson-Terry was a developing actor with his best work still to come".
Together with his wife, Neilson-Terry made successful appearances in New York and South Africa, and it was after a tour of the latter that he contracted pneumonia, and died in Bulawayo, Southern Rhodesia, at the age of 36. His body was taken back to England, and his funeral service was held at St Paul's, Covent Garden. He was buried in Hampstead Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21606825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606825" title="Klaus Meyer">
Klaus Meyer

Klaus Meyer (5 August 1937 – 4 April 2014) was a German football player. He spent ten seasons with Eintracht Braunschweig, including five in the Bundesliga, starting with the league's foundation in 1963.
Meyer died on 4 April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21606847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606847" title="Now That's What I Call Power Ballads">
Now That's What I Call Power Ballads

"Now That's What I Call Power Ballads" is a special edition compilation album from the (U.S.) Now! series, containing power ballad rock songs mostly from the 1980s, and was released on March 24, 2009. It debuted at number thirty on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart in April 2009.
Classic Power Ballads.
On iTunes, the song, "Forever", by Kiss replaces the track, "Love Bites", by Def Leppard, and the album is titled "Now That's What I Call Classic Power Ballads". 

</doc>
<doc id="21606848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606848" title="Milton Patiño">
Milton Patiño

Milton Patiño (born March 7, 1973 in Cali, Valle) is a Colombian football goalkeeper who plays for Fortaleza in the Categoría Primera B.
Club career.
Patiño previously played for several clubs in the Copa Mustang, including Atlético Nacional and Deportivo Pasto. He joined Millonarios in January 2009, becoming the club's third goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="21606855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606855" title="Wolfgang Matz">
Wolfgang Matz

Wolfgang Matz (born 15 April 1944 – 22 November 1995) was a German football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21606886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606886" title="Wolfgang Brase">
Wolfgang Brase

Wolfgang Brase (born 7 February 1939) is a retired German football player. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig. As of January 2012, he works as a supervisor for the youth team of SV Werder Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="21606890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606890" title="Lidia Rudnicka">
Lidia Rudnicka

Professor Lidia Rudnicka, MD, PhD (born February 19, 1960 in Chicago, Illinois) is a Polish-American researcher and dermatologist with significant contributions to the field of scleroderma research, knowledge about hair diseases and work on challenges of melanoma prevention.
Rudnicka is currently chairman of Department of Dermatology CSK MSWiA (Central Clinical Hospital of Ministry of Internal Affaires) in Warsaw, Poland. From 1990 to 1993, she worked in American and European institutions: Food and Drug Administration (USA), University of Liège (Belgium) and Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia (USA). In the years 2002–2004 Rudnicka was an advisor to Prime Minister of Poland.
Professor Rudnicka has authored or co-authored over 200 articles and book chapters, mainly concerning autoimmune skin diseases, biological therapies, videodermoscopy, trichoscopy, epidemiology of skin diseases and managing medical institutions 
Biography.
Academic career.
Rudnicka graduated from Warsaw Medical School (having previously studied in Bonn and Cologne) in 1986. She went on to receive PhD in medical sciences in 1990 and habilitation degree in 1994. In 2001 Rudnicka became Full Professor in medical sciences. From 1987 to 1998 she worked as an Assistant Lecturer and Assistant Professor in Department of Dermatology, Warsaw Medical School. Since 2008 Rudnicka has been professor at the Faculty of Health Sciences in Medical University of Warsaw.
Professional career.
Rudnicka started her professional career in 1986 in Department of Immunopathology of National Institute of Hygiene. In 1987 she became Assistant Lecturer in Department of Dermatology, Warsaw Medical University. The clinic was headed at that time by most prominent Polish dermatologist of the 20th century, professor Stefania Jablonska. The fruitful scientific cooperation with Stefania Jablonska lasted 11 years, until 1998, when Rudnicka accepted chairmanship of Department of Dermatology, CSK MSWiA. From 1990 to 1993 she worked in American and European institutions: Food an Drug Administration (National Institute of Health; 1990), University of Liège (research laboratory of Department of Dermatology; 1991) and Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia (Department of Dermatology; 1991–1993). Since 2007 Rudnicka has been a member of National Examinary Commission for dermatology and venerology exams. Rudnicka, beside her activity in Dermatology Department of CSK MSWiA, participates in works of Institute of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, Polish Academy of Sciences.
Scleroderma research.
Rudnicka's early work was related to the role of Natural Killer Cells and adhesion molecules in systemic sclerosis (scleroderma) and showed that activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells of scleroderma patients exhibit increased adhesion to vascular endothelial cells, which is an early event, preceding formation of perivascular lymphocytic infiltrates and development of skin fibrosis.
She is the author of the hypothesis linking etiology of systemic sclerosis to a mutation in the topoisomerase I gene and abnormal topoisomerase I expression. Rudnicka believes that presence of anti-topoisomerse I antibodies in sera of patients with scleroderma represents a protective reaction to these abnormalities.
This hypothesis was partly confirmed by Rudnicka's and her students' studies. The study on which Urszula Nowicka's doctoral thesis was based showed a mutation in the 3’ coding region of the topoisomerase gene in 56% of patients with anti-topo I – positive (Scl70-positive) systemic sclerosis. It was also indicated that specific antibodies penetrate into the nuclei of fibrobasts and inhibit the activity of topoisomerase I. Moreover, the studies evidenced that topoisomerase I inhibitor, campothecin, down-regulates the expression of type I collagen in fibroblasts of scleroderma patients and yields immunosuppressive effects. Certain cytokines were shown to increase the activity of topoisomerase I in dermal.
The hypothesis by Rudnicka was discussed during medical conferences, but was never confirmed by other researchers. However, the findings related to the role of campothecin and its potential therapeutical use were reaffirmed in the study by Zhang et al. conducted in patients with keloid.
Another observation by Rudnicka and her co-workers, which may be potentially beneficial as far as managing systemic sclerosis is concerned, was abnormally high expression of prolactin in peripheral mononuclear cells obtained from patients 
Trichology.
A second field of research of Rudnicka is trichology. She made a significant contribution to development of hair and scalp dermoscopy. Most known are her and her co-workers’ studies on genetic hair disorders, which showed that it is possible to diagnose genetic hair shaft abnormalities in children without the need of pulling hairs for microscopic evaluation. In 2005, Rudnicka and Malgorzata Olszewska used videodermatoscopy in assessing disease severity and monitoring impact of dutasteride therapy on hair thickness and hair shaft heterogeneity in androgenic alopecia, indicating this method can be used as a research tool to evaluate the effects of therapeutic or cosmetic agents The next year, together with Malgorzata Olszewska and their co-workers she introduced the term trichoscopy for hair, scalp, eyebrows and eyelashes dermoscopy (videodermoscopy). Their subsequent studies showed this technique can easily replace traditional microscopic evaluation in genetic hair shaft abnormalities such as Netherton syndrome, monilethrix, wooly hair syndrome, pili torti, pili annulati and trichothiodystrophy. It has also been proved trichoscopy can be useful in diagnosing acquired hair diseases including androgenic alopecia, alopecia areata, cicatrical alopecia and tinea.
Rudnicka and her co-workers were the first to apply in vivo confocal laser scanning microscopy in hair diagnostics. Their studies showed potential usefulness of this method in evaluation of hair shaft diseases.
Melanoma prevention.
Rudnicka is the organizer of a Polish nation-wide campaign to promote prevention and early detection of melanoma (with dermoscopy and videodermoscopy). The campaign "Stop-Melanoma", based on highly successful Australian experience, is an ongoing program which started in 2004.
Antibiotic therapy of inflammatory skin diseases.
Clinical observations made by Rudnicka and her co-workers indicate the rationality of long-term low-dose antibiotic therapy in chronic inflammatory skin diseases: SLE and psoriasis.
Affiliations and activity in scientific societies.
Rudnicka is a member and in years 2004–2008 was secretary of the board of Polish Dermatological Society. Since 2004 she has been a member of board of International Dermoscopy Society. Rudnicka is also a member of International Committee of American Academy of Dermatology in term 2008–2012.
Rudnicka was speaker (and on many occasions a co-organizer) at multiple dermatology meetings, including: American Academy of Dermatology, European Academy of Dermatology and Venerology (topics included: hair diseases, dermosopy and skin cancer detection, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, biological therapy in skin diseases, connective tissue diseases, acne, clinical trials).
Publications and editorial activity.
Rudnicka is author or co-author of more than 200 articles and book chapters, mainly concerning autoimmune skin diseases, biological therapies, videodermoscopy, trichoscopy, epidemiology of skin diseases and managing medical institutions.
Rudnicka is managing editor of "Journal of Case Reports in Dermatology", chairman of scientific board of "Dermatologica", member of scientific and editorial boards of Journal of Drugs in Dermatology, Przeglad Dermatologiczny, Expert Review in Dermatology and Dermatologia Estetyczna. She also reviewed papers for significant periodicals in the field of dermatology and venerology, with Archives of Dermatology, Journal of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology, Journal of Drugs in Dermatology, Expert Review in Dermatology among them.

</doc>
<doc id="21606892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606892" title="List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo shooter games">
List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo shooter games

The following is a list of shooter games developed for the Super Famicom System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. These have been sorted according to sub-genre
The "Ref" column shows the page(s) providing proof for a game's inclusion in each list.

</doc>
<doc id="21606896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606896" title="Chikku Bukku">
Chikku Bukku

Chikku Bhukku is a 2010 Tamil romance film written and directed by Manikandan, starring Arya, Shriya Saran and debutante Preetika in the lead roles, with Santhanam and Anoop Kumar in supporting roles. The film was released on 3 December 2010.
Plot.
Arjun (Arya), a London-based disc jockey, leads a happy life. Also there is Anu (Shriya Saran), who completes her MBA in a London university. One day, Arjun is forced to come to his native village in Karaikudi to ensure that his ancestral property is not sold. Also Anu too is forced to come to Madurai to meet her father who is injured in an accident. The two strangers meet in a train. There begins their journey towards their respective destinations. Meanwhile, a diary of Arjun's father pops out from his bag. He browses through it to understand his dad's love life. In flashback, the movie goes back to 1985. It is revealed that Sekar (Arya) returns to his village after getting selected as a Police.
He falls in love with Meena (Preetika rao). But when their romance is revealed, Sekar's family resists the relationship due to class differences. A dejected Sekar leaves to begin training as a police officer. There he becomes acquainted with Ammaiappan (Anoop kumar), a young colleague. He comes to know that Ammayappan is in love with his uncle's daughter. A sequence of events reveals that both men love the same girl Meena. Returning to the film's contemporary setting, we find that Arjun and Anu after crossing several hurdles in their journey reach their respective houses. They then realise that they have fallen for each other. Meanwhile the film employs a Deus Ex Machina, in the form of Anu’s father, to ensure all story arcs are resolved. When Anu's father Ammaiappan realiases that Anu is in love with Sekar's son he immediately approves of their relationship. It is implied that Anu and Arjun are then to stay together.However it is unknown whether Meena is Anu's mother or not.
Production.
Development.
Following the success of Mediaone's previous venture, "Dhaam Dhoom", the production house opted to invest in another Tamil language production. They associated their interest with director Manikandan, who had worked in completing "Dhaam Dhoom" after the original director Jeeva had suffered a heart attack and died during the shooting in 2007. Manikandan along with Aneez Jeeva, the late director's wife, completed the film under the production of Metro Films. "Chikku Bukku" was announced to the general public on 10 February 2009.
Casting.
With the initial announcement, the cast was revealed. Arya, who had enjoyed critical and commercial success with his role of an aghori in "Naan Kadavul", was signed up for his second successive love story after completing his shoot for "Sarvam". Vidya Balan was earlier being considered to play the main female lead in the film but she was unavailable due to earlier commitments. hence Preetika, the younger sister of Hindi actress Amrita Rao, was chosen in her place. Preetika who has been a model and a journalist-columnist will make her film industry debut in Chikku Bhukku. Toutued to be a triangular love subject, Genelia D'Souza was considered for a third lead role in the film as well, however, a week after the announcement of the film, it was revealed that Shriya Saran had replaced Genelia in the film, due to the latter's insistence for a relatively high salary.
Manikandan was announced as the director of the film, continuing his collaboration with Mediaone, following their work in "Dhaam Dhoom". R. B. Gurudhev was selected as cinematographer, while Hariharan and Leslie Lewis operated as the music directors for their second film, following "Modhi Vilayadu".
Filming.
Filming bagan in February 2009, with a 22-day schedule in Karaikudi being completed immediately after with Arya and Preetika. Shriya Saran began her shoot in April 2009. Other filming sites included the South Indian hill resort Ooty, London, and Tiruchirapalli International Airport.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by STAR Vijay. On 16 November 2010, the film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board."Chikku Bukku" sold 2 million tickets worldwide. The release date was confirmed as 3 December 2010, following several postponements. It was released in 300 theatres worldwide. The film gained average reviews from critics, with a reviewer from Rediff stating "Chikku Bukku could have been a neat romantic tale, but the journey breaks down too much to ever hold your attention for long", concluding it as "tedious". Behindwoods offered a similar review, though stated "On the dot, if there is one perfect reason to get you intact with the show, the brilliant visuals stand out as a substantial ingredient." The Hindu stated "Chikku Bukku is a neat film that moves on parallel tracks, before the lines meet and culminate in a joyous climax. And though guessable, the narration sustains your interest. A feel-good romance!"

</doc>
<doc id="21606917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606917" title="Minuscule 221">
Minuscule 221

Minuscule 221 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α69 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 10th century. Scrivener labelled it by 212a and 250p.
It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles on 382 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 18-19 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages.
It contains prolegomena, lists of the ("tables of the contents") before each biblical book, pictures, subscriptions at the end of each book, and numbers of στιχοι to Paul. 
It also contains one leaf from Cyril's "Homilies", and two others later.
According to Scrivener it is a beautiful copy.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It contains the Comma Johanneum, but it was added by a later hand.
History.
The manuscript was brought by Busbeck from Constantinople (along with Minuscule 222).
The manuscript was examined by Coxe, Scrivener, and C. R. Gregory (1887).
It is currently housed at the Bodleian Library (Canon. Gr. 110), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21606919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606919" title="Fort Washington Fire Company">
Fort Washington Fire Company

Fort Washington Fire Company is a fire company in Upper Dublin Township, Pennsylvania. The company, which was formed in January 1908, celebrated its hundredth anniversary in 2008. It receives 600 to 700 fire calls per year.
History.
The company was formed on January 6, 1908, with membership open to those who paid a $1.00 joining fee. In September of that year, the company rented a barn in Fort Washington to serve as its first fire station. The company ordered basic equipment in February, 1910, and first went into action as firefighters on December 27, 1910. Throughout the following years, the company focused on gradually expanding its equipment base, including paying for a hydrant to be installed at the intersection of Summit Avenue and Spring Avenue in 1913. By 1939, the company was addressing 38 fires a year, but it suffered from membership issues during World War II, when many younger men were in the armed services. The company responded by lowering its membership age to 16.
In April, 1948, the fire company purchased land across the street from the barn which it was renting, opening the fire station which is now the main station on that property in 1955. The company acquired training grounds in 1960; the fire company itself developed the property, and the training grounds were officially dedicated on June 3, 1972. In 1974, the company opened a secondary station, Burn Brae Station. The Burn Brae Station hosts a memorial, dedicated in 1994, to deceased members.
The new station is at 1245 Fort Washington Ave. and replaces the former Station 88-A on Summit Ave. The station was completed in February 2012 and dedicated June 23, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21606933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606933" title="Ferenc Mészáros (footballer, born 1950)">
Ferenc Mészáros (footballer, born 1950)

Ferenc Mészáros (born 11 April 1950) is a Hungarian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a Goalkeeper.
Career.
Born in Budapest, Mészáros played club football in Hungary and Portugal for VM Egyetértés, Vasas SC, Sporting CP, Farense, Győri ETO and Vitória Setúbal,
He earned a total of 29 caps for Hungary, and represented them at the 1978 and 1982 World Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="21606964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606964" title="Joachim Bäse">
Joachim Bäse

Joachim Bäse (born 2 September 1939 in Braunschweig) is a retired German football player. He spent ten seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig. He also represented Germany once, in a friendly against Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="21606983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606983" title="Vellayani">
Vellayani

Vellayani is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital city of Kerala, India.
Geography.
It is located at .
Location.
Vellayani can be reached easily from Thiruvananthapuram Central Bus Station at Thampanoor (9 km) and from City Bus Depot at East Fort. It is well connected by state road transport and private buses. Nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International Airport.
Tourism.
Vellayani is on the banks of Vellayani Lake, the only fresh water lake in Thiruvananthapuram district. It is a very picturesque place. Backwater tourism is catching up in the area. Illegal sand mining, pollution and land reclamation are taking its toll on the lake.
A 700 year old temple, dedicated to Goddess Kali is another attraction at Vellayani, Vellayani Devi Temple. The temple is renowned for celebrating the longest (50 days) non-pilgrimage festival of South India. This festival held once in three years is known as the ‘"Kaliyoottu Mahotsavam"’ – which literally means ‘the festival of feeding the Devi’.
Trivia.
College of Agriculture affiliated to the Kerala Agricultural University is situated here; it is one of the main agricultural colleges of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="21606999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21606999" title="Lindaunis Bridge">
Lindaunis Bridge

The Lindaunis Bridge is a bascule bridge crossing the Schlei, a fjord in Schleswig-Holstein, at one of its narrowest parts. The bridge thereby connects the Schwansen and Angeln regions. The steel bridge, that has been declared a monument in 1997, opened to traffic on 17 July 1927. 
The bridge is special in the sense that it is used both by the hourly local train travelling along the Kiel-Flensburg railway, and by car traffic. The bridge opens at most once every hour for ships.

</doc>
<doc id="21607015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607015" title="Hermann Anschütz">
Hermann Anschütz

Hermann Anschütz (12 October 1802 – 30 August 1880) was a German painter and professor at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Munich. He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Anschütz was born in Koblenz. It is traced, that he lived at "Promenade Straße 1" in Munich around 1850. He died in Munich, where he was buried on the Old Southern Cemetery (Alter Südfriedhof).

</doc>
<doc id="21607019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607019" title="Nug (graffiti artist)">
Nug (graffiti artist)

Nug (real name Magnus Gustafsson) is a Swedish graffiti artist. He has been active in the Stockholm area and been called one of the worst graffiti vandals in Sweden but his works have also been shown at places like the art fair Market. Nug started painting graffiti illegally in the 1990s and was part of the notorious crew "VIM" (Vandals In Motion).
Nug studied art at the art college Konstfack where he earned a Master of Arts degree in 2008. His degree project, presented in 2008, was called "Territorial Pissing", a film showing a masked man spraying a subway car and the Stockholm station entrance, where he broke in to make one of the scenes in "Territorial Pissing".
The project attracted attention when it was exhibited by an art gallery in February 2009, and led to widespread criticism of Konstfack. The criminal investigation against Nug was dropped in April 2009 because it was not clear if he is the masked man in the film.
Konstfack has stated that regardless of the criminal nature of the project, basic administrative law regulations do not permit his degree to be revoked but the school is investigating if they made any errors when they let him use this work for graduation.

</doc>
<doc id="21607020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607020" title="Hans-Georg Dulz">
Hans-Georg Dulz

Hans-Georg Dulz (born 31 October 1936) is a retired German football player. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21607032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607032" title="Atomic Aquatics">
Atomic Aquatics

Atomic Aquatics is a manufacturer of scuba gear, founded in 1995 in Huntington Beach, CA by Dean Garraffa and Doug Toth. The company is best known for regulators, but also manufactures snorkels, masks, and fins. The company introduced the world's first titanium diving regulator in January 1997.
All Atomic first stages are flow-through piston designs.

</doc>
<doc id="21607044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607044" title="List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo adventure games">
List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo adventure games

The following is a list of Adventure and Action Adventure games developed for the Super Famicom System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. These have been sorted according to specific sub-genres.
The "Ref" column shows the page(s) providing proof for a game's inclusion in each list.

</doc>
<doc id="21607048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607048" title="Gerd Saborowski">
Gerd Saborowski

Gerd Saborowski (born 3 September 1943) is a retired German football player. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21607055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607055" title="Servicio de Publicaciones (Universidad Complutense de Madrid)">
Servicio de Publicaciones (Universidad Complutense de Madrid)

The Servicio de Publicaciones is the publishing business of the Universidad Complutense de Madrid. It publishes a number of academic journals, mostly in Spanish. There are also 9 series of monographs associated with these journals. The company also publishes in electronic format the honors doctoral theses of the university.

</doc>
<doc id="21607058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607058" title="2009 Isle of Man TT">
2009 Isle of Man TT

The 2009 Isle of Man TT Festival was held between Saturday 30 May and Friday 12 June on the Mountain Course. The 2009 TT races again include a second 600 cc Supersport Junior TT race and the Lightweight TT and Ultra-Lightweight TT races held on the Billown Circuit in the Isle of Man. A new event for the 2009 Isle of Man TT races was the one-lap TTXGP for racing motorcycles "to be powered without the use of carbon based fuels and have zero toxic/noxious emissions."
The Blue Riband event of TT Race week was won by Steve Plater claiming victory in the Senior TT and also winning the prestigious Joey Dunlop TT Championship. There were two race wins in a day for Ian Hutchinson with the Supersport Race 1 and the Superstock TT race. The Superbike TT Race was won by John McGuinness and Michael Dunlop was a popular first time winner of the Supersport Race 2. The Sidecar Race 'A' was won by local Isle of Man crew of Dave Molyneux/Dan Sayle. The subsequent Sidecar Race 'B' was abandoned after a serious crash to Nick Crowe/Mark Cox near Ballaugh Bridge on lap 1. The inaugural TTXGP race was won by Rob Barber and Chris Heath was first in the TTXGP Open Class. With three race wins on the Billown Circuit it was Ian Lougher that went on to win the Ultra-Lightweight TT and Lightweight TT Races. The 2nd leg of the Ultra-Lightweight Race was won by Chris Palmer on the Billown Circuit, the 1000 cc Support Race was won by John Burrows with Roy Richardson first in the 600 cc class.
TT Practice Week 2009.
The first practice session for 2009 Isle of Man TT races featured an evening untimed practice session and newcomers control lap on Saturday 30 May 2009 held in almost perfect weather conditions. The first practice session suffered a 40 minute delay due to livestock too close to the course at Ballacrye Corner near Ballaugh. The Newcomers Control Lap was led away from the TT Grandstand by the TT Travelling Marshals and a steady pace set by the accompanying experienced Isle of Man TT competitors including former TT winner and rider's lasion officer Richard Quayle and former Manx Grand Prix winners Nigel Beattie and Paul Duckett. The newcomers control group included a number of new competitors from the United States, Marc Fissette from Belgium, Luis Carreira from Portugal and the Japanese rider Yoshinari Matsushita. The newcomers control group also included one female competitor, Jenny Tinmouth, and a number of outfits for the Sidecar TT accompanied by experienced TT sidecar competitors Roy Hanks/Dave Wells and Tony Baker/Fiona Baker-Milligan. The first competitor away from the TT Grandstand in the main solo class for the first untimed practice session was the Gary Johnson riding a 1000 cc Honda and the 2008 Senior TT winner John McGuinness also riding a 1000 cc Honda set an unofficial lap at an average speed of 125 mph on the Snaefell Mountain Course. After suffering a minor oil leak and completing only two laps, McGuinness stated, "I'm glad to get that one out of the way. The first two laps settled me. I've had butterflies in my stomach all day. I was a bit nervous." The new Norton motorcycle entry ridden by Michael Dunlop suffered mechanical problems and stopped at Glen Helen on the first lap of practice for the motorcycle as did the LCR 600 cc Honda outfit of former TT sidecar winner Nick Crowe/Mark Cox near the 2nd Milestone. The 2009 TT newcomer Scott Jensen from Colorado slipped off at Union Mills and Steve McDonald at Braddan Bridge and both were taken to Nobles Hospital to be later released after a medical check-up.
Practice at the 2009 Isle of Man TT races continued on Monday 1 June 2009 with a 40 minute delay to reorganise TT Marshals on the Mountain Section of the Snaefell Mountain Course. The German TT newcomer, Rico Penzofer and triple 2008 Manx Grand Prix winner Dan Kneen completed their control-lap before the start of main evening practice session. The winner of the 2007 Supersport TT Race, Ian Hutchinson pulled in at Ballacraine on the first lap of Monday practice and John McGuinness recorded a lap of 124.35 mph after a broken gear-lever on the high speed Crosby section left his Honda motorcycle jammed in 6th gear. The 2009 Sidecar TT winner Nick Crowe/Mark Cox again failed to record a time on Monday practice after continuing problems with the engine ignition system. The evening practice for Tuesday 2 June 2009 was held in slightly cooler weather conditions and the problems for the first two sessions of glaring sun and flies were reduced for competitors. It was again McGuinness that dominated practice in the Superbike class with a lap of 17 minutes 27.56 seconds an average speed of 129.661 mph. The sidecar TT class was led by Nick Crowe/Mark Cox with a lap of 19 minutes 39.43 seconds an average speed of 114.697 mph. The Suzuki sidecar outfit of Tim Reeves/Patrick Farrance stopped at Keppel Gate on Monday evening practice with a blocked fuel lift pump and then stopped again on Tuesday evening practice at Sulby crossroads with a snapped throttle cable, although completing the lap after borrowing a new cable from a local lawnmower dealer. The American Isle of Man TT newcomer James Vanderhaar slipped-off at Sulby Bridge and Roger Maher hit the bales at Glen Helen. The 600 cc LCR Honda sidecar outfit of David Wallis/Sally Wilson crashed at the 13th Milestone and the crew evacuated by the Medical Helicopter to Nobles Hospital.
The Wednesday evening practice session was again dominated by John McGuinness riding a 1000 cc in the Superbike class, unofficially breaking the lap record with a time of 17 minutes and 23.46 seconds an average speed of 130.171 mph. This was only the second lap at an average speed exceeding 130 mph and was completed after a heavy landing at Ballaugh Bridge by John McGuinness that his crash helmet collided with the fairing and McGuinness said later;- "I rode the remainder of the lap with a broken screen." In the Supersport Junior TT class, Michael Dunlop riding a 600 cc Yamaha jumped into 2nd place on the practice leaderboard with a time of 18 minutes 5.88 seconds an average speed of 125.085 mph. The 2007 Lightweight Manx Grand Prix winner, Olie Linsdell crashed on the bumpy Glentramman section during Wednesday evening practice. After being stranded at Parliament Square on Wednesday evening with a loose battery, Cameron Donald riding a 1000 cc Suzuki lapped faster than McGuinness in a time of 17 minutes 13.25 seconds an average speed of 131.457 mph in the Thursday evening practice session. A third lap of over 130 mph for the 2009 Isle of Man TT races was recorded by his Suzuki teammate, Bruce Anstey in 17 minutes 23.79 seconds an average speed of 130.129 mph. In the Supersport class, Michael Dunlop set an even faster time for the Junior TT during Thursday practice in 17 minutes and 55.45 seconds an average speed of 126.299 mph. The practice for the Sidecar TT class was red-flagged after a few competitors had left the TT Grandstand after the outfit 600 cc DMR Honda of Karl Bennett/Lee Cain caught fire at Douglas Road Corner in Kirk Michael. Also an oil-spillage on Bray Hill caused a high speed spin for the sidecar of David Atkinson/Jane Wheatcroft at St Ninian's Crossroads which led to the session being halted. The Friday evening practice of 5 June 2009 was held in the same hot weather, with a strong north-west wind on the Mountain Section of the course. The sidecar practice was extended by 30 minutes after the Thursday night postponement, although the times for both solo and sidecar classes were not generally as fast as the previous evening. After setting the fastest time on Thursday evening practice, Cameron Donald missed a gear change on the approach to Keppel Gate, running wide onto a grass bank and crashing on the uneven surface. A dislocated left shoulder and back injury forced Cameron Donald out of the 2009 Isle of Man TT Races.
TT Race Week 2009.
Superbike TT Race.
The 2009 Superbike TT Race was scheduled for mid-day start on Saturday 6 June 2009 and to be flagged away by the former world motorcycling champion Giacomo Agostini and was delayed 48 hours due to inclement weather conditions. The pole time for the Superbike TT race was set by the Australian Cameron Donald in 17 minutes, 13.25 seconds an average speed of 131.457 mph riding a 1000 cc Suzuki motorcycle. The hot weather of TT practice week returned for the 6 lap (226.38 miles) Superbike TT Race held on Monday 9 June 2009. The first competitor flagged away at the start at the TT Grandstand was the 1000 cc Honda of Gary Johnson from Brigg followed by the 1000 cc Honda of John McGuinness with a 10 second starting interval. Starting at number 5 with a 40 second start interval, Bruce Anstey the Suzuki team-mate of injured Cameron Donald was the first to hit mechanical problems with a slight engine mis-fire at the bottom of Bray Hill and Bruce Anstey retired his 1000 cc Suzuki at Ballacraine on lap 1 with a fuel sensor problem. It was the 1000 cc Honda of John McGuinness that led lap 1 at the first official timing point at Glen Helen by 1.91 seconds from Conor Cummins riding a 1000 cc Kawasaki motorcycle followed by the Honda brigade of Ian Hutchinson in 3rd place, Gary Johnson, Steve Plater and Guy Martin in 6th place. The lead at Parliament Square, Ramsey was increased by McGuinness to 5 seconds over Conor Cummins and Guy Martin leap-frogging the other competitors to 3rd place and the leading group was joined by the 1000 cc Yamaha of Ian Lougher in 7th place making his 100th Isle of Man TT race start. Over the Mountain Section of the course, John McGuinness maintained a 5.14 second lead over Conor Cummins at the end of lap 1in a time of 17 minutes, 26.61 seconds an average speed of 129.779 mph.
The pace continued on lap 2 with McGuinness increasing his lead with Guy Martin moving into second place and Steve Plater in third with the unfortunate Conor Cummins slipping down to 4th place. With pits-stops at the end of lap 2, John McGuinness now led by 10.79 seconds and set a new outright course record of 17 minutes, 21.29 seconds an average speed of 130.442 mph. A slow pit-stop by Conor Cummins caused by the chain on his 1000 cc Kawasaki caused him to slip down the leaderboard to sixth place behind the Honda of Gary Johnson. The TT Grandstand stop box was overshot by Keith Amor riding a 1000 cc Honda motorcycle on lap 2 incurring a 10 second race penalty. An engine mis-fire forced Keith Amour to retire at Ballacraine on lap 3. After "pushing-in" on lap 2 the 1000 cc Yamaha of Michael Dunlop retired at the pits and a further retirement at the TT Grandstand was the 1000 cc Kawasaki of Ryan Farquhar with an oil leak from a replacement TT Superstock engine. At Glen Helen on lap 3, McGuinness led Steve Plater by 7.91 seconds with Guy Martin in third place over 10 seconds adrift of the leader. The rest of the chasing pack at Glen Helen on lap 3 included the 1000 cc Honda of Gary Johnson followed by Conor Cummins, Ian Hutchinson, Ian Lougher and the triple 2008 Manx Grand Prix winner Dan Kneen making the top dozen competitors on his debut Isle of Man TT race. The local Isle of Man competitor Gary Carswell and the former winner of the Senior 1997 Manx Grand Prix crashed heavily at the jump at the exit of Ballacrye Corner and was evacuated to Nobles Hospital on lap 3 with foot, rib and knee injuries and a series of minor fractures.
The eight second lead was maintained during lap 4 by the 1000 cc Honda Superbike of John McGuinness over Steve Plater and Guy Martin in 3rd place. The 1000 cc Yamaha of Michael Rutter retired on lap 4 at Parliament Square, Ramsey with a broken gear-lever. At the pit-stops at the end of lap 4, John McGuinness increased his lead slightly to 9.14 with a lap averaging 129.318 mph. With an extra burst of speed McGuinness increased his lead over Steve Plater to 11 seconds on lap 5 and to 19.57 seconds at the official timing point at Ramsey on the last lap. The 2009 Superbike TT Race was won by John McGuinness in a new race record of 1 hour, 46 minutes and 7.16 seconds at an average race speed of 127.996 mph. This provided John McGuinness with a historic 15th win and speaking after the race, McGuinness said;- "I don't know what to say about being ahead of Hailwood, Mike Hailwood is the hero of the people of my dad's generation." In celebrating their 50th Anniversary of Isle of Man TT Racing for the Honda marque, McGuinness mentioned that;- "I had to admit that I was feeling the pressure a bit with so many functions going on and so many Honda people over here expecting the victory...It is great to repay them with a victory and also for Honda to have a 1-2-3 finish in the race." In second place Steve Plater commented about the Superbike TT that "I made improvements in my lap times and I am happy with the way I rode – you never stop learning around here and it is a different mind set to riding the short circuits, which I'done at Thruxton ten days earlier." In contrast, Guy Martin in third place explaining that he thought that his front suspension forks required further adjustment mentioned that "The bike is great in straight lines, but not in corners – I've had cracking pit stops, the bike has not missed a beat, so it is down to me and I'm not here to make up the numbers – I wanted the win."
The 1000 cc Honda of Ian Hutchinson finished in fourth place after the Kawasaki machine of Conor Cummins suffered an engine failure on the Verandah on the last lap. The fifth place finish in the Superbike TT went to the Honda of Gary Johnson with Adrian Archibald the first Suzuki finisher in sixth place and Ian Lougher finishing seventh after making his 100th Isle of Man TT race start. The 2008 Senior Manx Grand Prix winner, Adam Barclay crashed at Glen Helen in the early stages of the Superbike TT and the TT newcomer Adrian Clark crashed at Sulby Bridge and both were uninjured. At Guthrie's Memorial the TT competitor Roger Wibberley slipped off his motorcycle as did Derek Brien the 2007 Junior Manx Grand Prix winner. After finishing in twelfth place, William Dunlop after the Superbike TT race while on an impromptu testing session on public roads crashed at 120 mph suffering extensive friction burns and Dunlop explained "...I decided to take the 250 Honda up a wee winding road near Port Erin and sort out a few problems...I had just clicked into fifth gear when I lost it and hit a dry stone wall...I had no leathers on and was just riding in my jeans and a top, but thankfully I had my leathers on." The 250 cc Honda motorcycle was broken into two pieces in the accident and required extensive repairs to compete in the Lightweight TT Race at Billown, Castletown later in TT Race Week.
After the Superbike TT race the former World Motor-Cycling champion and Isle of Man TT winner Giacomo Agostini completed a demonstration parade lap of Snaefell Mountain Course riding a MV Agusta motorcycle accompanied by the current world champion Valentino Rossi riding a 1000 cc Yamaha R1 motorcycle. Both Giacomo Agostini and Valentino Rossi had watched the 2009 Superbike TT race from a vantage point on Quarterbridge Road in Douglas and Valentino Rossi described the experience as;- ""Watching from Ago's Leap is impressive, speed is unbelievable even from the outside but I think it feels more fast from the outside. With the walls and houses it is a great show and it feels like a GP from 30 years ago"..." Afterwards, Valentino Rossi made the presentations to the winner John McGuinness of the Superbike TT race and congratulated McGuinness by saying;- "You are a true gladiator of the sport to ride that fast at the TT." Describing the parade lap, Giacomo Agostini said that;- "We went as fast today as I used to when I raced here."
Sidecar TT Race 'A'.
The pole time for the 2009 Sidecar TT Race 'A' was set by the 600 cc LCR Honda outfit of Nick Crowe/Mark Cox at an average speed of 116.063 mph during the Wednesday evening practice session. On lap 1 the race was led at Ballacraine by the Honda of Nick Crowe/Mark Cox from the 600 cc DMR Suzuki sidecar of Dave Molyneux/Dan Sayle by 1.39 seconds with John Holden/Andy Winkle in third place. This was followed in fourth place by the former World Sidecar Champion outfit of Klaus Klaffenbock/Darren Hope. At the official timing point at Ballaugh Bridge on lap 1 the lead was reduced by Molyneux/Sayle to less than one second, drifting back to 2.25 seconds at the Ramsey Hairpin and Holden/Winkle a further 5.1 seconds adrift. The 600 cc Suzuki sidecar of Simon Neary/Stuart Bond moved into fourth place at the Ramsey Hairpin on lap 1 and Tim Reeves/Patrick Farrance into 5th place.
The lead for Nick Crowe/Mark Cox at the TT Grandstand at the end of lap 1 was 3.99 seconds from the Suzuki outfit of Molyneux/Sayle. The opening lap was an average speed of 115.419 mph for Honda outfit the leaders and news soon filtered through that the 600 cc LCR Honda of Crowe/Cox had retired at Greeba Bridge on lap 2, followed shortly by John Holden/Andy Winkle at the Black Dub on the same lap. The new leaders were Molyneux/Sayle with a lead 28 seconds from the 600 cc Ireson Honda of Phillip Dongworth/Gary Partridge in second place with Neary/Bond now in third place. The lead was increased to 42 seconds by Molyneux/Sayle at the Ramsey Hairpin on lap 2 and completing the second lap in 19 minutes 30.83 seconds an average speed of 116.010 mph and just 0.34 of a second short of the 2005 lap record.." The sidecar of Phillip Dongworth/Gary Partridge had a minor collision with the outfit of Klaffenbock/Hope at Tower Bends on lap 2 with Klaus Klaffenbock suffering a minor hand injury and he stopped at the Gooseneck. The local Isle of Man crew of Karl Bennett/Lee Cain retired at Glen Vine on lap 2 after repairing their 600 cc DMR Honda which caught fire at Douglas Road Corner during Thursday evening practice. The 600 cc LCR Suzuki outfit of Jean-Claude Huet/Jonathan Huet crashed at Brandywell on lap 2 with the sidecar passenger suffering a broken ankle. The 600 cc Honda sidecar of Greg Lambert/Dipash Chauhan retired at the TT Grandstand on lap 2.
The lead on the 3rd lap was now 50.67 second for Molyneux/Sayle increasing to 57 seconds at the official timing point at Ramsey Hairpin. The 2009 Sidecar TT race was won by Dave Molyneux/Dan Sayle in 58 minutes and 59.28 seconds at an average race speed of 115.132 mph and was a new race record. After competing in special gold-flake sprayed helmets to commemorate his first sidecar TT win in the 1989, Dave Molyneux commented on his 14th TT win and equalling the record set by Mike Hailwood, he said that "I guess that I've been racing round here longer than Mike did..." 
and he said "...Not bad for some old bugger...My bones are a bit stressed now...I've had a hell of a year, but things came good today. Pretty Mint." The new race record was 7.15 seconds faster than the previous 2005 race record and the first Sidecar TT race under 59 minutes for the 3 lap and 113.00 mile event. It was Dan Sayle that commented that Dave Molyneux rebuilt the engine the night before from the parts from 3 engines using the Suzuki workshop engine manual;- "...the outfit felt a lot looser today, skitting around on the road, but Dave's some boy. He only decided to build a fresh motor last night – and believe me he's no engine builder. But it was obviously worth it." In second place for 2009 Sidecar TT Race 'A' was Phillip Dongworth/Gary Partridge at an average race speed of 113.404 mph and Phillip Dongworth said that;- "I've been trying for 9 or 10 years to get to the podium and I'm delighted with our final lap of more than 114 mph too. The final podium place went to the 600 cc Suzuki of Simon Neary/Stuart Bond in third place with an average race speed of 112.600 mph. After being made redundant earlier in the year, Simon Neary nearly missed the 2009 Isle of Man TT Races; – "I only decided to come at the last minute . We did our sums and managed to do it on a tight budget."
Supersport Junior TT Race 1.
With the delayed Superbike and Sidecar Race 'A' the race to be held on Monday were moved to Tuesday 9 June 2009 with an amended race schedule with the first race being held was the 4 lap (150.73 mile) Supersport Race 1. The pole time for the Supersport race was set by Michael Dunlop at an average speed of 126.299 mph. In what was considered to be a highly contested race it was the unfortunate Michael Dunlop that was the first retirement on lap 1 at Snugbrough near the 2nd Milestone. Despite only setting fifth fastest in practice it was Bruce Anstey riding a 600 cc Suzuki that led at the official timing point at Glen Helen by 1.73 seconds from the 600 cc Honda of Guy Martin with Ian Hutchinson just 0.5 second behind in third place also riding a Honda motorcycle. A further gaggle of riders covered by five seconds included the Honda of John McGuinness in fourth place followed by the Kawasaki of Conor Cummins then Keith Amor with the 600 cc Yamaha of Ian Lougher in seventh place at Glen Helen on lap 1. The places were reversed at the Ramsey Hairpin on lap 1 with Guy Martin now leading Bruce Anstey by 0.3 seconds. The first lap of the Supersport Race 1 was completed by Guy Martin in 18 minutes and 3.37 seconds at an average speed of 125.375 and Ian Hutchinson passed Bruce Anstey for second place on the Mountain Section of the course on corrected time.
In third place at the beginning of lap 2, Bruce Anstey increased his pace passing Ian Hutchinson on corrected time and closed the gap to 0.46 seconds from the leader Guy Martin at Ballaugh Bridge. At the Ramsey Hairpin on lap 2, Bruce Anstey was now leading by 3.35 seconds and the New Zealander shattered the lap record with a lap of 17 minutes and 53.32 seconds an average speed of 126.549 mph and was now leading by 6.86 seconds. After the pit-stops at the end of lap 2 it was Ian Hutchinson that moved into second place leading Guy Martin by 0.3 seconds in third place followed by the Honda riders of McGuinness, Keith Amor and Steve Plater. The pace continued by Bruce Anstey on the third lap with a slightly increased lead of 8.63 seconds and a lap with an average speed of 120.660 mph and increasing the lead to 10.55 seconds at the official timing point at Ballaugh Bridge on lap four. Maintaining his lead at the Ramsey Hairpin on the last lap, it dropped to 7.14 seconds at the Bungalow the 600 cc Suzuki of Bruce Anstey was beginning to slow and was forced to retire at Brandywell with a broken wire leading to an amplifier. This elevated Ian Hutchinson to first place and winning the 2009 Supersport Race 1 in 1 hour, 12 minutes and 56.58 seconds at an average race speed of 121.141 mph. The racing had been close and the winner Ian Hutchinson said;- "Bruce and I were touching fairings going into the Gooseneck. It was enjoyable but frustrating..." In second place was Guy Martin completing the race with a blown head gasket and mentioned that;- "Conditions were nearly 100% but there wasn't the grip there was on Monday. We're chipping away at it. I'm just pleased to finish second. After having trouble with the bike on lap 2, I was looking for a decent pub to pull up at." The third place went to the 600 cc Honda of Keith Amor after a previous third place in the 2008 Supersport Race 1 was handed to him after a technical enfridgment following the exclusion of Bruce Anstey motorcycle and Amor said with this in mind that;- "It's a nice feeling to be finally stepping up onto the podium, though it was hard work. At times we were almost touching, it was so close but I was determined to hang in for third."
Superstock TT Race.
Continuing with the amended race schedule on Tuesday 9 June 2009 the 4 lap (150.73 miles) Superstock TT, the fastest time in practice was set by Steve Plater with an average speed of 126.938 mph. It was the 1000 cc Honda of Keith Amor that held a 1 second lead over the Honda of John McGuinness and a further 1.3 seconds over Ian Hutchinson in third place at Glen Helen on lap 1. In fourth place was the 1000 cc Kawasaki of Conor Cummins followed by the Kawasaki of Ryan Farquhar and the 1000 cc Honda of Steve Plater in sixth place and only 0.82 seconds on corrected time covering the battle for fourth place. By the Ramsey Hairpin on lap 1, it was McGuinness that had moved into the lead by 0.5 seconds from Keith Amor with Ian Hutchinson in third and Guy Martin moving into fourth place. The places changed again on the Mountain Section of the course on lap 1 with John McGuinness setting a new lap record from a standing start for the Superstock class in 17 minutes and 36.72 seconds an average speed of 128.538 mph and leading Ian Hutchinson by 0.95 of a second with Keith Amor in third place at the end of lap 1. A former winner of the Superstock class, Bruce Anstey retired his 1000 cc Suzuki at the TT Grandstand at the start of lap 2.
In a highly contested Superstock TT race it was now Guy Martin leading at Glen Helen on lap 2 by 0.23 of a second from Keith Amor also leading McGuinness by 0.5 seconds and Ian Hutchinson in fourth place. At the official timing point at Ballaugh Bridge on lap 2, it was Ian Hutchinson's turn to leap-frog into second place then moving into the lead by 0.5 of a second from Guy Martin and Keith Amor in third place. Racing to the pits-stops at the end of lap 2, Ian Hutchinson set a new lap record and the first 129 mph lap for the Superstock class of 17 minutes and 31.20 at an average speed of 129.212 mph and Guy Martin also recorded a lap of 129.212 mph inside the short-lived new recorded set by McGuinness on lap 1. The 2.03 second lead held by Ian Hutchinson at the end of lap 2 rapidly disappeared when the filler-cap jammed in the fuel-tank. It was Guy Martin that now in the lead on lap 3 by seven seconds after the fumbled pit-stop by Ian Hutchinson, although this lead was reduced to 2.99 seconds on corrected time at Ballaugh Bridge on lap 3 and just 0.3 of a second at Ramsey Hairpin. At the start of the last lap, Guy Martin was determined to hold and lead Hutchinson by 0.05 of a second with Keith Amor in third place over 10 seconds adrift of the leaders. At Glen Helen on lap 4, Guy Martin increased the lead to 0.88 of a second over Ian Hutchinson and pulling-out a slight margin of 1.2 seconds at the Ballaugh Bridge. The positions were reversed at Ramsey Hairpin on the last lap with Ian Hutchinson now leading by 1.26 seconds over Guy Martin increasing to 5.0 seconds at the official timing point at the Bungalow. The 2009 Superstock TT race was won by Ian Hutchinson with a new race record of 1 hour, 10 minutes and 57.54 seconds at an average race speed of 127.612 mph. After winning two Isle of Man TT races in one day, Ian Hutchinson said;- " I can't believe it...I didn't feel I was on the pace to start with, but I got stuck in and had a much better second lap. We filled the tank right to the brim at the fuel stop and coundn't get the filler cap back in. I considered going off without it, but that would have been stupid." In second place with an average race speed of 127.349 mph was the 1000 cc Honda of Guy Martin who commented;- "Fair play to Ian, there were a few back-markers in the way on the final lap, but he had to deal with them as well, 129 mph – thats going some." The final podium place was filled by Keith Amor with an average race speed of 127.103 mph who commented on the race conditions after the delayed start as;- "It was like night-time racing, quite dark under the trees, but I cannot believe the speeds.". The 2009 Superstock TT race provided a new women's lap record for the Snaefell Mountain Course with TT newcomer Jenny Tinmouth lapping in 19 minutes and 26.08 seconds an average speed of 116.483 mph on the last lap and beating the previous time of 19 minutes 43.8 seconds held by Maria Costello from the 2004 Production TT race. The Japanese rider and TT newcomer Yoshinari Matsushita crashed at the Stonebreakers Hut on lap 3 of the Superstock TT race suffering multiple fractures to both legs and a shoulder injury. A further incident occurred between races to John McBride a TT Travelling Marshal after crashing at Keppel Gate suffering multiple injuries.
Supersport TT Race 2.
The pole time for the Supersport race was set by Michael Dunlop at an average speed of 126.299 mph set on the Thursday evening practice for the 4 lap (150.73 mile) Supersport Race 2. After the Supersport TT Race 2 was delayed for nearly 4 hours due to rain on some parts of the course between Greeba Bridge and Kirk Michael including hail showers. Despite the mixed road conditions it was the 600 cc Yamaha of Michael Dunlop that was in the lead at Glen Helen by 3 seconds from the 600 cc Kawasaki of Ryan Farquhar on lap 1. This was followed by the 600 cc Kawasaki of Conor Cummins just 0.11 of a second down in third place, followed by the 600 cc Suzuki of Bruce Anstey and the 600 cc Yamaha of Ian Lougher in fifth place. At the Ramsey Hairpin on lap 1, Conor Cummins passed his fellow Kawasaki rider on corrected time, to lead Ryan Farquhar by 3 seconds, but still 11 seconds adrift of the leader Michael Dunlop. An indication of the mixed condition, Michael Dunlop completed lap 1 in 18 minutes and 54.33 seconds an average speed of 119.743 mph leading Conor Cummins by 10.12 seconds and the 600 cc Honda of Guy Martin that was 8.96 seconds adrift in third place. Retirements at the TT Grandstand at the end of lap 1 included the 600 cc Yamaha of William Dunlop, the 600 cc Suzuki of Adrian Archibald and the 600 cc Honda of the 2005 Junior Manx Grand Prix winner Ian Pattinson.
On lap 2 at Ballaugh Bridge, Michael Dunlop had increased his lead to 14.76 seconds over Conor Cummims with Bruce Anstey now in third place. At the end of lap 2, Michael Dunlop had increased the lead to 15.4 seconds and lapped at an average speed of 122.692 mph as conditions on the course improved. The lead increased to 16.6 seconds for Michael Dunlop on lap 3 at Glen Helen with Conor Cummins ahead of the Suzuki of Bruce Anstey by 7.1 seconds and Guy Martin in fourth place. At the Bungalow on lap 3 the lead had increased to 18 seconds for Michael Dunlop completing the lap in 19 minutes 7.45 seconds an average speed of 118.373. As Conor Cummins crossed the finish-line at the end of lap 3 his 600 cc Kawasaki cut-out and he coasted the length of the pit-straight with a dead engine and the TT Grandstand speed-trap recording a speed of 98 mph. Passing the pit-lane exit, the engine restarted and second place was lost to Bruce Anstey on corrected race-time. On the last lap, Michael Dunlop was now leading the Suzuki of Bruce Anstey by 26.48 seconds at Glen Helen and Conor Cummins had recovered from his engine mishap to be 7 seconds adrift of second place. At the Bungalow on lap 4, the lead had increased to 31 seconds for the 600 cc Yamaha of Michael Dunlop as Bruce Anstey in turn had to fight off a late challenge over the Mountain Section of the course by Conor Cummins the local Isle of Man rider.
The 2009 Supersport Race 2 was won by Michael Dunlop in 1 hour, 14 minutes and 34.80 seconds at an average race speed of 121.416 mph. In the mixed race conditions Michael Dunlop commented that;- "My dad gave me the knowledge. I went as quickly as I dared in the damp conditions later on. I had to go for it. It was my spare bike, my better one blew-up in the first couple of miles yesterday. This makes up for all the disappointment...I have been pretty relaxed apart from that. It's been like Paddy's on Tour." The 2009 Supersport TT Race 2 was the second win on the Snaefell Mountain Course after Michael Dunlop had won the 2006 Newcomers Manx Grand Prix and was the 34th win for the Dunlop family over a period of 32 years. In second place was the New Zealander Bruce Anstey at an average race speed of 120.580 mph the margin just 0.71 seconds from the late challenge from Conor Cummins. Also, Bruce Anstey reflected about the mixed conditions and after three non-race finishes said;- "We finally got the gremlins sorted out and I was just glad to cross the finish line – the conditions were very wet and slippery early on but got drier as the race went on. Michael got the move on the first lap and there was no getting him back. In third place was Conor Cummins at an average speed of 120.561 and said of the lap 3 problem;- "I'm really not sure what went wrong with the bike at the end of lap three but it seems OK now. I'm delighted with third but it would be nice to go two better.
Sidecar TT Race 'B'.
The weather delays to the running of the Supersport Race 2 that the 3 lap (113.00 miles) Sidercar Race 'B' was postponed to early evening. The leaders on the road and on corrected race time on lap 1 at Glen Helen were the 600 cc LCR Honda outfit of Nick Crowe/Mark Cox by 0.65 of a second from the 600 cc DMR Suzuki of Dave Molyneaux/Dan Sayle. On approaching Ballacobb near Ballaugh Bridge the Honda sidecar of Nick Crowe/Mark Cox crashed heavily and caught fire. The two crew were airflifted to Nobles Hospital by the Medical Helicopter with extensive injuries. The Sidecar Race 'B' was red-flagged and the following sidecar competitors were stopped at various points of the course before Ballaugh Bridge. These sidecar crews were escorted back to the TT Grandstand in the reverse direction by the TT Travelling Marshals to restart the race and later a decision was made by the organisers to abandon the 2009 Sidecar TT Race 'B'. It is believed that the onboard camera on the outfit of Nick Crowe/Mark Cox shows a Brown Hare running in front of the sidecar immediately before the crash.
TTXGP Race.
The first race to be held on Senior Race day was TTXGP – (Time Trial Xtreme Grand Prix) for racing motorcycles "to be powered without the use of carbon based fuels and have zero toxic/noxious emissions." The race for mainly two types of battery powered electric motorcycles for 1 lap (37.733 miles) of the Snaefell Mountain Course and the fastest time in practice was set Rob Barber in 26 minutes and 41.39 seconds an average speed of 84.819 mph in the 3a PRO Class.
The inaugural lap of the ""Electric TT"" the race leader at the official timing point at Glen Helen on lap 1 was Rob Barber with a Team AGNI electric motorcycle and described by the Sports Editor of an Isle of Man Newspaper as;- ""For all the world it sounded like a milk float without the chink of glass bottles...the UK-India alliance AGNI team machine, ridden by the fastest man in training Rob Barber, whirred its way to Glen Helen in six minutes, the kind of time perhaps expected from" Artie Bell "on his winning ride in the" 1950 Junior." In second place at Glen Helen was Thomas Schoenfelder and the XXL machine and 28 seconds down on the leaders time with James McBride and the Isle of Man based ManTTx Racing in the Open Class a further 9 seconds behind. A change in the leaderboard positions at Ballaugh Bridge as Rob Barber was now leading James McBride by 46 seconds and the XXL entry of Thomas Schoenfelder relegated to third position. The Kingston University entry ridden by George Spence was forced to stop at Crosby Crossroads to recharge the batteries at the Crosby Hotel. The official speed-trap on Sulby Straight recorded a speed of 106.50 mph for the XXL machine for Thomas Schoenfelder, a speed of 99 mph for James McBride in the Open class and 97.9 mph for the PRO Class AGNI bike of Rob Barber. The fast pace was too much for the Open Class entry of ManTTx Racing, and the bike stopped with an overheated electric motor at Glen Duff and a retirement for James McBride, a replacement for Dan Kneen after a crash at the Black Dub during the Supersport TT Race 2, which resulted in a broken ankle for the 2008 Manx Grand Prix winner. The leader in TTXGP reached Ramsey Hairpin in 15 minutes and 56 seconds an average speed of 87 mph and Rob Barber maintained a lead over Thomas Schoenfelder with the American rider Thomas Montano over 2 minutes off the pace of the leaders.
The winner of the 2009 TTXGP was the AGNI entry of Rob Barber in 25 minutes and 53.50 seconds an average race speed of 87.434 mph. After lapping at 112 mph in the Supersport TT race 2, Rob Barber was pleased to be the inaugural winner of the TTXGP and said; "It is the best experience of my life...The volt meter is running quite low as the battery started to run out in the final few miles, but I have the win and the record lap, which I wanted – Fantastic." The winning Anglo-Indian AGNI PRO class entry was based on a 600 cc Suzuki GSX frame and incorporating the Cedric Lynch designed axial gap brushed DC Lynch motor. The second place in the PRO class was the XXL entry of Thomas Schoenfelder in 29 minutes and 4.93 seconds an average race speed of 77.841 mph. The XXL machine was based on 650 cc Laverda using a 120 hp Siemens motor and an electric regulator from an Audi hybrid car. The third place finisher was Mark Buckley with the Brammo/BIKE entry on the 3a PRO class in 30 minutes and 2.64 seconds at an average race speed of 75.350 mph. The Brammo entries based in Oregon, USA and Mark Buckley said that; " Every time I ride this bike it just gets better. It just like a GP 250." The Open class winner was Chris Heath with the Electric Motorsport entry in 34 minutes and 17.30 at an average race speed of 66.022 mph. In second place was Chris Petty at an average race speed of 62.219 mph and third place with the TORK entry was John Crellin at an average race speed of 60.475 mph. There was confusion at the end of the Open class as the winner Chris Heath was briefly excluded and then reinstated after the rider was unaware of a TTXGP regulation that competitors must sound the machines' electric horn if a yellow flag is displayed by a race marshal. After discussion with ACU stewards and the TTXGP organisers, Chris Heath was reinstated as winner of the Open class.
Isle of Man Senior TT Race.
The Blue Riband event of TT Race week was the Senior TT race over 6 lap (226.38 miles) of the Snaefell Mountain Course held on Friday 12 June 2009. The pole time for the Senior TT race was set on Thursday evening practice by the Australian Cameron Donald in 17 minutes, 13.25 seconds an average speed of 131.457 mph riding a 1000 cc Suzuki motorcycle. A non-qualifier for the Senior TT was the official Norton Motorcycle Company and a single entry Wankel-engined 588 cc NRV motorcycle ridden during practice by Michael Dunlop.
After a 30 minutes delay due to a light rain shower, the leader of the 2009 Senior TT on lap 1 at the official timing point at Glen Helen was the 1000 cc Honda of John McGuinness by 2.42 seconds from Steve Plater and the 1000 cc Kawasaki of Conor Cummins down by 1.75 seconds on the two Honda team-mates. The 1000 cc Honda of Ian Hutchinson was 3.8 seconds behind in 4th place, followed by the 1000 cc Suzuki of Bruce Anstey, the 1000 cc Honda of Gary Johnson and Guy Martin in seventh place. The Honda of McGuinness completed lap 1 in 17 minutes and 17.23 seconds an average speed of 130.953 mph from a standing race start to lead Steve Plater at the TT Grandstand by 3.68 seconds. An early retirement was the 1000 cc Kawasaki of Ryan Farquhar explaining that;- "There is no high-speed stability." The lead was extended by John McGuinness on lap 2 to 10 seconds at the Ramsey Hairpin and Steve Plater held a 5.8 second margin over Conor Cummins in third place. The second lap was completed by John McGuinness in 17 minutes and 12.30 seconds at an average speed of 131.578 mph and McGuinness was on course to complete his fifth straight Senior TT win. The New Zealander Bruce Anstey retired his Suzuki at the 33rd Milestone and Ian Lougher retired his 1000 cc Yamaha with handling problems. At Glen Helen on lap 3, the Honda of John McGuinness was leading his team-mate by 18.5 seconds with Conor Cummins holding third place. On the same lap while exiting Parliament Square, Ramsey the chain on the 1000 cc Honda of John McGuinness snapped and he coasted to a halt at Cruickshanks Corner. This dramatically handed the lead to Steve Plater with an 11 second lead over Conor Cummins at Ramsey Hairpin on lap 3 with the 1000 cc Honda of Guy Martin moving into third place. At the end of lap 4, Conor Cummins posted his first 130 mph lap in 17 minutes and 23.02 seconds an average speed of 130.225 mph. Further drama in the pit-lane at the TT Grandstand at the end of lap 4 with Guy Martin in third place pulling-out of his pit the chain on his 1000 cc Honda also snapped forcing him into retirement. The 1000 cc Honda of Keith Amor was another retirement with a jammed rear-wheel spindle which would not allow the rear-tyre to be changed.
The lead on lap 5 was extended by Steve Plater to 15.6 seconds at the Ramsey Hairpin over Conor Cummims with 29.2 seconds separated Ian Hutchinson in third place. A crash near the Alexander Road Junction with the Quarterbridge Road for the 1000 cc Suzuki of the American competitor Mark Miller and he slid downhill with his machine all the way to the Quarterbridge. This left oil on the racing line from the damaged motorcycle and despite the efforts of the race marshals the 1000 cc Yamaha of William Dunlop slid-off at the same place. This was followed by Ian Hutchinson crashing-out of third place of the Senior TT on the same oil at the Quarterbridge and also losing his lead in the Joey Dunlop TT Championship. This moved the 1000 cc Honda of Gary Johnson into third place on the last lap of the Senior TT Race. The winner of the 2009 Isle of Man TT Race was Steve Plater in 1 hour, 45 minutes and 53.15 seconds at an average race speed of 128.278 mph. Also winning the prestigious Isle of Man TT Championship, Steve Plater said that;- "This means a massive amount to me. It probably won't sink in until I manage to get some time to myself but I don't know were to go from here." In second place was the Isle of Man competitor Conor Cummins at an average race speed of 127.884 mph and was the best result for a local competitor in the Senior TT since Tom Sheard won the 1923 race. Describing the race, Conor Cummins said that; "I rode with all my heart today...I remember watching the TT as a lad from the end of the road near Milntown, but I never in a million years did I think I would get two podium finishes in one week." The third place finisher was Gary Johnson at an average race speed of 126.875 mph and included a 10 second stop-box penalty at the pit stop at the end of lap 2. Delighted with his first podium place Gary Johnson said; "It has been a difficult week for us, but the team pulled together to enable me to pull this result out of the bag. I have served my three-year apprenticeship. The TT is an endurance race and you've got to be on it on the last lap to get a result." It is later announced by race organisers that John Crellin fatally crashed at the 27th Milestone on the Mountain Mile on lap 5 of the 2009 Senior TT Race. A local Isle of Man motorcycle competitor and experienced mountaineer, John Crellin had finished in third place in the Open Class for the 2009 TTXGP earlier in the same day.
The newly formed manufacturers award was won by Honda. Fittingly in their 50th Racing year.
Results.
Practice Times.
Practice Times & Leaderboard Superbike/Senior TT.
Plates; Black on White/Black on Yellow.
Practice Times & Leaderboard Supersport Junior TT.
For 600 cc motorcycles conforming to the 2009 MCRCB Supersport Regulations. 
<br>Plate Colour; White on Blue.
Practice Times TTXGP.
For Carbon free emission motorcycles in classes 3a-3d and Open class. 
Race Results.
2009 Superbike TT final standings..
8 June 2009 6 Laps (236.38 Miles) Mountain Course.
"Fastest Lap and New Class Record"': John McGuinness – 130.442 mph (17' 21.29) on lap 2."
2009 Sidecar TT Race ‘A’ TT final standings.
8 June 2009 3 Laps (113.00 Miles) Mountain Course.
"Fastest Lap: Dave Molyneux/Dan Sayle – 116.010 mph (19' 30.83) on lap 2."
2009 Supersport Junior TT Race 1.
9 June 2009 4 Laps (150.73 Miles) Mountain Course.
"Fastest Lap and New Lap Record: Bruce Anstey – 126.549 mph (17' 53.32) on lap 2."
2009 Superstock TT final standings..
9 June 2009 4 Laps (150.73 Miles) Mountain Course.
"Fastest Lap and New Lap Record: Ian Hutchinson – 129.746 mph (17' 26.88) on lap 4."
2009 Supersport Junior TT Race 2.
10 June 2009 4 Laps (150.73 Miles) Mountain Course.
"Fastest Lap: Steve Plater – 125.384 mph (18' 03.30) on lap 4."
2009 TTXGP PRO Classes final standings..
12 June 2009 1 Lap (37.733 Miles) Mountain Course.
TTXGP for Carbon free emission motorcycles in PRO classes 3a-3d
2009 TTXGP OPEN Class final standings..
12 June 2009 1 Lap (37.733 Miles) Mountain Course.
TTXGP for Carbon free emission motorcycles in OPEN class.
2009 Senior TT final standings..
12 June 2009 6 Laps (236.38 Miles) Mountain Course.
"Fastest Lap, New Lap and Course Record: John McGuinness – 131.578 mph (17' 12.30) on lap 2."
Note: Experienced rider John Crellin died after crashing on the fifth lap of this race.
2009 Ultra-Lightweight TT Race 1 final standings..
13 June 2009 Race 1; 1st leg 8 Laps (34.00 Miles) Billown Circuit.
"Fastest Lap and New Lap Record: Ian Lougher – 94.911 mph (2' 39.291) on lap 7."
2009 Lightweight TT Race 1 final standings..
13 June 2009 Race 2; 1st leg 8 Laps (34.00 Miles) Billown Circuit.
"Fastest Lap and New Lap Record: Chris Palmer, 102.638 mph (2' 29.068) on lap 5"
2009 Billown TT 600 cc/1000 Support Race final standings..
13 June 2009 Race 3; 8 Laps (34.00 Miles) Billown Circuit.
"Fastest Lap: Mark Parrett, 106.125 mph (2' 26.125) on lap 6"
2009 Ultra-Lightweight TT Race 2 final standings..
13 June 2009 Race 4; 2nd leg 8 Laps (34.00 Miles) Billown Circuit.
"Fastest Lap;- Chris Palmer – 95.291 mph (2' 40.561) on lap 2."
2009 Lightweight TT Race 2 final standings..
13 June 2009 Race 5; 2nd leg 8 Laps (34.00 Miles) Billown Circuit.
"Fastest Lap;- William Dunlop, 102.077 mph (2' 29.887) on lap 6"
Isle of Man TT Championship Points Standings.
Introduced in 2009, the 2009 Isle of Man TT points championship will award points to the best 15 riders in each of the five solo races. The winner of this championship will win the Joey Dunlop TT Champion Trophy and a prize of £10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="21607082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607082" title="Jan Vercruysse">
Jan Vercruysse

Jan Vercruyssen (born 1948 in Ostend, Belgium) is a contemporary visual artist. He currently lives and works in Brussels, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="21607084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607084" title="Deutsche Wirtschaftsbetriebe">
Deutsche Wirtschaftsbetriebe

Deutsche Wirtschaftsbetriebe (German Economic Enterprises), generally abbreviated DWB, was a project launched by the Allgemeine SS to profit from the use of Nazi concentration camp inmates as slave labor.
Holding company for Nazi concerns.
DWB was a holding company for more than 25 SS industries. Oswald Pohl, the head of the SS business department (known by its German initials as WVHA) was also the chief officer of DWB. Georg Lörner, another high WVHA official, was another incorporator. Through stock ownership DWB controlled a wide variety of enterprises, such as stone quarries, brick manufacturing plants, cement mills, pharmaceutical factories, real estate, housing, building materials, book printing and binding, porcelain and ceramics, mineral water and fruit juices, furniture, foodstuffs, and textiles and leather.
Role in war crimes.
After World War II. the surviving chief officers of WVHA were placed on trial for crimes against humanity. Most of them were found guilty. Both Oswald Pohl and Georg Lörner were sentenced to death by hanging, although Georg Lörner managed to get his sentence commuted to a prison term. The war crimes tribunal placed particular emphasis on the role the defendants had played in four DWB subsidiaries:
DEST in particular became notorious for exploitation under brutal conditions of the labor of concentration camp inmates at Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="21607088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607088" title="Powell River Regals">
Powell River Regals

The Powell River Regals are a Canadian Senior ice hockey team from Powell River, British Columbia. The Regals play an independent schedule under the supervision of the BC Amateur Hockey Assosciation. The Regals are 3-time Allan Cup National Senior "AAA" Champions and 1-time Hardy Cup National Intermediate "A" Champions.
Titles.
The Regals won the Senior "AAA" 1997 Allan Cup with a win over three-time defending champion Warroad Lakers in the final, the 2000 Allan Cup by beating the Lloydminster Border Kings in the championship game, and the 2006 Allan Cup with a 7-1 drubbing of the Whitby Dunlops. Powell River was also a finalist at the 1999 Allan Cup, losing to the Stony Plain Eagles 5-3. Earlier in their history, the Regals won the 1970 Hardy Cup championship as Intermediate "A" hockey champions of Canada with a three games to two, best-of-five series win over Val-d'Or, Quebec.
The 1950s.
Regals’ history goes as far back as hockey’s beginnings in Powell River. Just after the Willingdon Civic Arena was completed in 1955, a three-team local league comprised Home Gas, Rodmay's and Wilshire’s Variety Store. George Whyte and Vic Lupul, who later played for the Regals, were members of these teams as were the three Hildebrand brothers. A traveling team called the Powell River Luckies was then formed. Coached by Johnny Gorman, the Luckies played in a league with Coquitlam, Nanaimo and New Westminster.
When the Rodmay Hotel, under the management of Al Mantoani, acquired the sponsorship of the team in 1957 a “name the team” contest was held with Powell River Rodmay Regals as the winning entry. Regal spelled backwards being “lager,” a type of beer. This began an association that was to last for more than a decade. Under multiple sponsorship since 1972, the team is now known as the Powell River Regals.
Several of the Luckies players joined the Regals including, Gene Strueby, George Whyte, Dave Kineshanko, Jim Raisbeck, Wally Anderson, Don Alsop and Wally Hretchka. Many of these men contributed to hockey in Powell River through their coaching and involvement with minor hockey and added a great deal to the development and training of young hockey players in this community.
Under the direction of their first three coaches, —Jim Raisbeck, Mike Shabaga and Bob Bergeron, —the team was unable to get past the Nanaimo Clippers. The Clippers, who were Hardy Cup finalists during one of those seasons, turned out to be arch-rivals for the Regals for many years to come.
The 1960s.
In the 1961-62 season, guided by coach Andy McCallum, the Regals finally advanced up the play-off ladder into the Coy Cup finals for the first time. They lost that series to the powerhouse Twin City Macs from the Okanagan.
Regals made their second and third consecutive trips to the Coy Cup finals in the following two seasons but came up short in both series, falling on each occasion to the Kamloops Chiefs. Beset by insurmountable problems and without a league to play in, the Regals hung up their gear for the 1964-65 season.
The following year the Regals again reached the Coy Cup finals, emblematic of intermediate hockey supremacy in British Columbia. Playing in Quesnel against the Kangaroos, the Regals lost a bitterly fought series that had the Powell River fans glued to their radios. It was the first year of operation for CHQB 1280 AM and what a following they had. Walking down any street in town the game could be heard as radios were turned way up. Many people, who had been with the club for years, including Hap Parker, say that the series was the making of the Regal Club. Down to nine players due to injuries, the team fought for two and a half periods of overtime before bowing out to the Kangaroos.
The Regals became Coy Cup champions for the first of four times in 1966-67 as they beat the jinx and disposed of the Prince George Mohawks in two straight games. Their next opponents, the Lloydminster Borderkings, were a team that was to become very familiar to the Regals. Although the Borderkings prevented any further playoff action for the Green and Gold that season, they didn’t remove the satisfaction of being provincial champions.
Quesnel recaptured the Coy Cup the following season, stopping the Regals’ drive for a second-straight provincial title.
In 1968-69, a serious incident in a game against the Shmyr Flyers forced Andy McCallum to retire and Bob Crawford took up the coaching reins. Crawford led the Regals to their second Coy Cup title but the Lloydminster Borderkings once again put an end to further playoff hopes.
The Cinderella Season of 1969/70.
The Regals finished the longest and most grueling season ever in mid-April 1970 as Canadian Hardy Cup Champions of Canada. The year did not start well with players being scarce and the team seeming unable to jell. The addition of Dave Parenteau was a great help and after Christmas things started to happen. The Regals finished second in the regular season standings and faced, and then defeated, Comox in the first round of the playoffs. Port Alberni Labatts were the next opponents and as usual were no pushovers but the Regals did eventually prevail. The Chemanius Blues did not put up much of a fight as the Regals swept the series in high scoring, one-sided affairs. Regals and Shmyr Flyers split the first two games of their series forcing a third and deciding game. The evenly matched teams were tied at the end of regulation play and the Regals advanced with two goals in the 10 minute overtime period. The Prince George Mohawks were unable to score in the next series as the Regals rode strong goaltending performances to win in two straight. Kimberley was all that stood in the way of a third Coy Cup title and after the series victory, the Regals hosted Lloydminster in the next round. The third time was the charm against the Borderkings and with the win hockey fever gripped all of Powell River. Rosetown Red Wings came to town full of rumours about the Regals and their toughness. They left with the same impression at the end of the hard-hitting series won by the home team. Unbelievably the next step was the Canadian finals. With the luck of the draw all games were to be played in the westernmost point. Val D’our, Quebec, came to Powell River for a best-of-five series to determine the Hardy Cup champions of Canada. The teams split the first four games forcing a fifth and deciding game. “We’re number one” reverberated through the Civic Arena rafters as the final seconds of Game 5 wound down in the 5-3 contest much to the jubilation of the fans and relief of the players who had gone through 26 playoff games to reach the pinnacle of Canadian Champions.
The 1970s.
Several members of the team retired in the years following the Hardy Cup championship leaving the club to undertake a rebuilding program. Regals defeated Port Alberni in the 1970-71 league final but the following year Labatts ended a 10-year domination of the league by the Regals.
In 1972-73 many of the old-time players suited up for a game to boost the injured players fund. They included Rudy Pantuso, Andy McCallum, Barry Lang, George Whyte, Doug Lessor, Gene Strueby, Al Small, Wally Anderson, Bob Keil, Desi Lever, Orris Sage, Ev Henderson and Mel Waldron. Russell Sage joined the Regals becoming the first son to follow in his father’s footsteps.
The team moved to the new Powell River Recreation Complex for the 1975-76 season and dominated the Pacific Coast Amateur Hockey League. Even with Len Pepper, the league’s top scorer, the team was unable to put together a lengthy playoff run.
The Regals joined the North West Hockey League in 1976-77 and played in the North Island Intermediate Hockey league the following season before rejoining the PCAHL for the final two years of the decade. These years were full of promise and high expectations but a single Coy Cup semi-final appearance was all the team had to show for it.
The 1980s.
After ceasing operations in 1980-81, the Regals once again played in the PCAHL in 1981-82 but struggled, winning just two games all year. Legendary defenceman John Vanderkemp made his impressive debut during that season and was a regular winner or contender for the club’s best defenceman award for the next 25 seasons. Randy Casparie, also a rookie, went on to become one of only four players to score over 200 career goals in a Regal uniform. Mike Andrews, also a member of the 200 goal club, was in his second season with the club and, along with Vanderkemp and Casparie, would form the core of a team in the 1980s that, with the additions of players like Pierre Roy, Gary Pierce, Verne Kinley, Tod English, Darren Clark and Brian Inkster, would climb up the rankings and quickly become one of the top teams in both the league and the province.
Regals fortunes turned quickly in the 1982-83 season, as they became one of the top teams in the league and earned a trip to the league finals. The Chilliwack Royals would deny the Regals of the league title that season and in each of the three seasons that followed. The 1985 series was the only time the Regals pushed the Royals to a seventh and deciding game. Trailing three games to two and playing game six at home, Brian Inkster scored the winner on a penalty shot late in regulation to send the series back to Chilliwack. Game seven was perhaps the most dramatic and remembered contest involving the Regals in the 80s. With goaltender Irv Stoddart pulled, Regals defenseman Tod Semenuk notched his fourth goal of the game and sent it to overtime. The teams battled into two periods of overtime before the Royals prevailed.
In 1986-87, the Regals finally made it back to the Coy Cup final for the first time since the Canadian championship season of 1969-70. Facing the Kangaroos in Quesnel, a 7-3 third period lead in the deciding game was not enough as the Kangaroos stormed back to win the game, the series, and their sixth straight Coy Cup. The same two teams faced off for the title the following season, this time in Powell River. The home crowd wasn’t enough and the powerful Kangaroos took the series in two straight games. Quesnel’s seven-year hold on the Coy Cup ended in 1988-89 but it was the Abbotsford Blues who claimed the trophy by defeating the Regals in Powell River, handing the local team its third-straight finals defeat.
The 1990s.
The BC Amateur Hockey Association adopted a four-team tournament format for the 1989-90 season to determine the Coy Cup champion. After downing Quesnel during the round-robin portion of the tournament, the Regals suffered a heartbreaking loss at the hands of the Kangaroos in overtime of the semi-final game.
1990-91 marked the first occasion in which the Regals played for the AAA Savage Cup provincial title. Not having a league to play in was the main reason for the step up. The most talented team in many years breezed through the round-robin, received a bye to the final, and were able to rest and watch the host Whitehorse Canadians fall to Abbotsford in the semi-final. Full of confidence, the Regals got into early penalty trouble in the championship game, fell behind, and were never able to recover.
Regals joined the Royal City Hockey league in 1991-92 and would again play for the Coy Cup. With just 16 players on the score sheet, the green and gold fought their way to a 4-3 semi-final victory over Sicamous and set-up a final match-up with the host Penticton Silver Bullets. Despite a heroic goaltending performance by Tyler Findlater, two timely second period goals by Verne Kinley and a third period marker by Russ Simmons, Penticton put an end to the Regals Cup quest for another year with an empty-net goal late in the third.
The 23-year drought would finally end in 1992-93. The acquisition of high-scoring defenseman Jim Smith was a big boost to the team’s offense. After taking both the league and playoff titles in the RCHL, the Regals hosted the Coy Cup tournament and received the bye to the final after round-robin wins over Sicamous and Fort St. John, and a tie with the New Westminster Beavers. The Beavers would make their way to the final as well and face the Regals for the ninth time that season. The game would end the same way as the first seven matches, a Regal victory. Many members of the championship team had been around for the many disappointing outcomes during the previous years and it was a great relief to them to finally be able to sip from the coveted Coy Cup.
The team once again moved up to the AAA level in 1993-94 and dominated the RCHL losing just two games all year and was considered the favorite to win the four-team Savage Cup tournament held in Prince George. As it turned out they were the first team ousted after losses to the host club and similar outcomes against Quesnel and the eventual champions from Penticton. Important additions that year were Scott Mastrodonato and Trevor Forsythe who combined with Vanderkemp and Smith to form a solid core on defence for many years.
The RCHL became the West Coast Senior Hockey League in 1994-95 but the new name was the only change. The Regals once again finished atop the standings just ahead of vastly improving New Westminster. In April 1995 the Regals hosted the Savage Cup tournament and earned the bye to the final with wins over Prince George, Bellingham and Quesnel. The Kangaroos fought their way to the final and the two old foes put on a thrilling show with the Regals coming out with a 5-4 double overtime victory on a goal by Jim Smith. The following weekend the Regals travelled to Stony Plain, Alberta, to play for a national championship for the first time in 25 years. After losing the first game to the defending champions from Warroad, Minnesota, Regals defeated Truro, Nova Scotia 6-1 before being eliminated from further action by the host team after a 5-3 loss. Shortly after the end of the season, the club submitted a successful bid to host the 1997 Allan Cup tournament.
Regals defended their Savage Cup title in 1995-96 with a three games to one series win over the Prince George Lumber Kings. The Kings earned a split of the first two games in Powell River making the win even more impressive as the remainder of the series would be played in the northern BC city. After taking Game 3, Regals trailed by two goals after 40 minutes of game four until Mark Bogoslowski scored twice in the third to complete his hat-trick and lead his team to victory. Next on the agenda was Stony Plain in the BC/Alberta finals. All games in the best-of-five series were to be held in the town just outside of Edmonton. The home team would only need three of them to secure the win and move on to the Allan Cup, edging the Regals by scores of 7-5, 5-3 and 4-2.
After two years of planning and preparation, the Allan Cup tournament took place in Powell River from April 8 to 12, 1997. Regional champions from Stony Plain (West), Truro, Nova Scotia (East) and Warroad, Minnesota (Central) joined the host Regals to battle for the Canadian Senior AAA title. Regals downed Truro and Warroad, then skated to a 3-3 tie with Stony Plain to finish atop the round-robin and secure a berth in the final. Third-place finisher and three-time defending Allan Cup champion Warroad upset second place Truro in the semi-final and joined the Regals in the championship game. Trailing 2-1, Regals scored two late second period goals and never looked back. Bob Moon scored the eventual winner early in the third followed by Rick McLaren’s insurance marker, the second of the game for the team’s rookie of the year. Warroad answered once more but tournament MVP Scott Mastrodonato’s goal into an empty net sealed a 7-3 victory for the home team in front of a packed recreation complex arena.
The 1997-98 season once again resulted in Stony Plain representing Alberta and the Regals doing the same for British Columbia. The best-of-five series was played in Powell River with the Regals winning games 1, 2 and 4 backed by strong goaltending from Chad Vizzutti. The team would travel right across the country to Nova Scotia to attempt to defend their title. Competition was stiff and the Regals finished the round-robin in fourth and would advance no further after losses to Truro and London, Ontario, and a win over Ile des Chenes, Manitoba.
Stony Plain hosted the 1999 Allan Cup tournament and finished first after edging the Regals by a goal in the final game of the round-robin. Regals got past Lloydminster in the semi-final and advanced to the final where they played their fifth game in five days. The well-rested host team took advantage of the weary Regals with three early goals and eventually built a 5-0 lead. Rick McLaren finally got the Regals on the board in the second with a short-handed goal, building momentum for his team. Regals would get as close as 5-3 and dominated the third period but time ran out and the home team hoisted the Allan Cup.
2000 and Beyond.
The 1999-2000 season started off on a positive note as the Regals hosted a Russian Elite Division team in a pair of exhibition games. The teams skated to a 6-6 tie in the first game, which included a thrilling last minute goal by the home team to even things up. The visitors managed a 5-3 win the following day but despite the loss, fans and players were equally delighted to witness, and take part in, the high-level hockey action.
In the playoffs, Stony Plain and the Regals met in the BC/Alberta final for the third time. Bill MacGillvrey and former Stanley Cup winner Ken Preistlay were key additions for the green and gold’s playoff run. The Eagles were able to pick up one win in the best-of-five held in Powell River but series MVP Chad Vizzutti was nearly unbeatable in games one, three and four enabling the home team to take the series in four games. Next up was the Allan Cup tournament in Lloydminster. Regals skated to an impressive 10-2 win over Regina in the first game then fell to Saint Georges, Quebec and the host club from Lloydminster in their next two outings. With Regina losing their final two games, Regals secured third place in the round-robin and a spot in the semi-final against Saint Georges. Strong goaltending, an excellent game plan from coach Kent Lewis, and timely scoring allowed the Regals to defeat the talented team from Quebec and move on to the final. With a sold-out crowd behind them and confidence from a round-robin win over the Regals under their belt, Lloydminster came out strong in the first period. Regals all-time leading scorer Tod English quieted the crowd with a first period goal and Chad Vizzutti weathered the storm turning away each shot he faced. Lloydminster tied the game in the second but third period goals by tournament MVP Trent Kaese and right-winger Mike Hassman gave the Regals a two-goal cushion. An empty net goal and a 37-save performance by Vizzutti resulted in the Regals claiming the Allan Cup for the second time in four seasons.
In 2000-2001, the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association rewarded the Regals for their Allan Cup victory by sending the team to represent Canada at the Nagano Cup tournament in Japan. A 3-2 win over Japan for Canada/Regals was the highlight of the trip for most involved. With both Chad Vizzutti and Scott Peters hurt, Canada/Regals went with Jamie Ram in goal in the final game and after a couple unfortunate bounces, Poland was able to eke out a 6-5 win to claim the Nagano Cup. What was a trip of a lifetime seemed to take its toll on the Regals come playoff time.
The fourth BC/Alberta final between the Regals and Stony Plain had something in common with the first three series. The home team was again victorious. The Eagles prevented the Regals from defending their title with a three-game series sweep.
Regals hosted the Allan Cup for the second time in April 2002. Familiar foes won their way to Powell River as Stony Plain, Saint Georges and Warroad were the regional representatives. The six game round-robin ended with Warroad winless and eliminated. The three remaining teams all had 2-1 records with Stony Plain getting the bye to the final because of goal differential. The semi-final was an emotional roller coaster ride for the players and fans as each team took turns holding the lead only to see their opponent fight back and tie the score. The crowd erupted in the final minute when Jim Smith’s shot from the point found its way into the net to send the game into overtime. Minutes later, Saint Georges quieted the crowd with the overtime winner on a breakaway. The Quebec champions went on to defeat Stony Plain in the final and become the first visiting team to celebrate a national title on Powell River ice.
In 2002-2003 the club decided to ice both a AA team to play for the Coy Cup provincial title and a AAA squad to continue the quest for another Savage and Allan Cup. The AA team’s season ended in heartbreak. After advancing to the Coy Cup final game in Trail, the team fell 2-1 in overtime. The AAA squad hosted the Savage Cup best-of-five final against Dawson Creek Canucks. The series was a sweep but the scores were far from lopsided. The home team took the first game 6-3 followed by a 6-5 win in game two. The third and final game went into overtime where Kent Lewis set-up Mike Hassman for the winner, sending the Regals on to the BC/Alberta final. The team was full of confidence heading into Stony Plain but managed only one goal in a three-game sweep at the hands of the Eagles.
The Regals traveled to Dawson Creek for the 2003-2004 Savage Cup tournament and fell in marathon semi-final match against the host club in the fourth-overtime period. The loss ended the Regals reign as AAA champions of British Columbia, which had begun in 1995.
The rebuilt 2004-2005 squad breezed through the Savage Cup tournament in Trail with a convincing win over the East Kootenay Royals and two equally impressive victories over the host club. Awaiting the Regals in the next round, not the perennial Alberta Champion Stony Plain Eagles, but Theoren Fleury, Gino Odjick, and the Horse Lake Thunder. The visiting Regals fought gallantly but were unable to win a game in the best-of-five series.
The Powell River Regals Hockey Club hosted the Allan Cup for the third time in April 2006. The tournament has grown to include five regional champions along with the host club. The team started off the year with a pair of exhibition games at home versus the Victoria Salmon Kings of the East Coast Hockey League. The visitors won both games by scores of 7-3 and 6-2. Despite the losses, playing a professional team was a great experience for the Regal players as they prepared for the high level of competition at Allan Cup 2006. The Regals then went seven wins to four losses the rest of their schedule. Next up was a best of five series with the Trail Smoke Eaters for the provincial championship the Savage Cup. The teams split the first two games in Trail, before the Regals captured their 12th BC title on home ice outscoring their opponent 42-13 in the four game series. Next up was the Allan Cup. In their first game Powell River took on the Alberta Champion Fort Hotel Chiefs defeating them 4-2. The final round robin game was against the Quebec Champion Shawinigan Extreme. With Shawinigan defeating the Chiefs 8-2 and the tie breaker being a goals for and against formula, the Regals needed to win to earn the bye to the semi-final. It was a tight battle for 60 minutes with each team scoring just once. The format called for a five minute sudden victory overtime period after which if there was no scoring it would remain a tie and the Quebec champs would earn the automatic berth into the semi-final. Wanting the win and the extra day off the Regals pulled their goaltender with just over a minute remaining. Keeping the play in the zone the Extreme iced the puck giving the Regals one last chance to score with 6.4 seconds remaining. The face-off ended up in the corner and it looked to be over. But Jamie Leach dug the puck out and threw it into the high slot and onto the stick of Mike MacKay who’s one timer found the back of the net for the winner with just 1.7 seconds left. The Regals won the game 2-1 and had the bye. The day off helped the hosts immensely. In their semi final they faced the Trail Smokeaters for the first time since the Savage cup. The Regals handed them another lopsided defeat, this time 7-1. The final had the green and gold taking on the two time Allan Cup Champion Whitby Dunlops. The result was the same as the semi final with the Regals cruising to a 7-1 victory and their 3rd Allan Cup in nine years.
The following season Hockey Canada once again rewarded the Regals for their Allan Cup victory by sending them to the IIHF sanctioned Polese Cup in Gomel, Belarus. Along with Canada the tournament included the Russian Super League’s Salavat Yulaev and the National Teams from Latvia and Belarus. Although Canada lost all its games, they kept every game close until running out of gas in each of the 3rd periods. Not bad considering they were playing against full-time professional players. Goaltender Chad Vizzutti shone once again internationally earning goaltender of the tournament honors. A month after representing their country the Regals hosted the Savage Cup. Also vying for the title were the Trail Smokeaters and the upstart Fort St John Flyers. The one game final had the Regals taking on the Flyers. Without their full line up due to injuries and other commitments, the Regals lost the game and a chance to repeat as Savage Cup champions.
The 2007-08 season had the Savage Cup hosted by the Flyers in Fort St John. It was a best of 5 between the Regals and Flyers. Once again due to other commitments and injuries the Regals were only able to bring 14 skaters. But outstanding goaltending from Chad Vizzutti and timely scoring the Regals took the first two games and were half a period away from taking back the Savage trophy. But with a lack of bodies and fatigue setting in the Regals couldn’t sustain and ended up losing game three. The Flyers had swung the momentum and took the final two games to retain the provincial crown and their second ever Savage Cup.
The Regals began a rebuilding mode at the start of the 2008-09 campaign by returning full-time to the AA circuit and not icing a AAA squad for the first time since 1992/93. The club had operated separate AAA and AA clubs in 2002/2003. After qualifying for the Coy Cup in Terrace, BC, Regals went undefeated during the round-robin portion of the tournament and advanced directly to the final. A young Regals team almost pulled off an upset, but ultimately fell to the Williams Lake Stampeders 5-4 in overtime. Although the end result left a bitter taste in the mouths of the young players, veteran Scott Mastrodonato said, “It was a good lesson, whether it was a life lesson or a hockey lesson, you learn from your mistakes. “It was heartbreaking to lose the way we did,” he said, “but in some small way it was a good thing because since we didn’t win, we still have something to shoot for.” Experienced coaches and players are wary of the pitfalls when things come too easy and Mastrodonato warned “that if they had won in their first year then everyone would have thought we’re good enough and the truth is, we’re not.” On a sad note, one of the founding members of the Powell River Minor Hockey Association and a driving force in the creation of the Regals, Powell River’s own Mr. Hockey, Hap Parker, passed away in September, 2008, at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="21607099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607099" title="Tour Incity">
Tour Incity

The Tour Incity is a skyscraper office in Lyon, France. This building will be completed by 2015 in the business district of La Part-Dieu, at the intersection of Garibaldi Street (main entrance) and the Cours Lafayette to replace the obsolete UAP tower. It should be about 200 meters high with 40 floors. 
"This zone is connected to the rest of the city by the metro line ",tramways T1 and T3 and the Tram-train airport commuter LESLYS

</doc>
<doc id="21607114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607114" title="KiHa 100 series">
KiHa 100 series

The is a series of diesel multiple unit (DMU) trains operated since 1990 by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on non-electrified rural lines in Japan. 
A total of 247 vehicles were built between 1989 and 1999 by Fuji Heavy Industries and Niigata Transys.
Operations.
KiHa 100 and 110 series DMUs are used on the following lines.
KiHa 100-0.
The first four pre-production cars were delivered from Niigata Tekkō (now Niigata Transys) to Ichinoseki Depot in January and February 1990. Cars KiHa 100-1 and -3 were equipped with one Cummins DMF14HZ 330 hp engine per car, while cars KiHa 100-2 and -4 were each equipped with one Komatsu DMF11HZ 330 hp engine. The four pre-production cars were initially delivered with black front ends, but these were subsequently repainted white and green to match the later production series cars. 
Four production-series cars were then delivered from Fuji Heavy Industries in March 1991. These were each equipped with one Komatsu DMF11HZ 330 hp engine. Differences from the four pre-production series cars included abandoning of the three pairs of tip-up seats near the doorways, and elimination of the dummy exterior window at the toilet position.
38 2nd-batch cars were delivered from June to October 1991. Cars 9 to 29, built by Fuji Heavy Industries, were delivered to Morioka Depot, and cars 30 to 46, built by Niigata Tekkō, were delivered to Ichinoseki Depot. Cars 9 to 29 are each equipped with one Niigata Tekkō DMF13HZ 330 hp engine, and cars 30 to 46 are each equipped with one Komatsu DMF11HZ 330 hp engine. Differences from the earlier 1st-batch cars included solid front-end skirts instead of the earlier pipe-style skirts.
KiHa 100-200.
Five KiHa 100-200 cars were delivered from Fuji Heavy Industries to Hachinohe Depot in 1993. The cab sections were extended by 250 mm to provide additional crash protection, giving an overall car length of 17,000 mm. Cars are each equipped with one Komatsu DMF11HZ 330 hp engine. A wheelchair space was provided next to one doorway, giving a seating capacity of 44 and total capacity of 103 passengers (59 standing).
KiHa 101.
A total of 13 KiHa 101 cars were built by Niigata Tekkō (now Niigata Transys) and allocated to Shinjō Depot for use on Aterazawa Line services. Broadly based on the KiHa 100-200 series cars, these are each equipped with one Komatsu DMF11HZ 330 hp engine. Passenger accommodation consists entirely of longitudinal bench seating. A wheelchair space was provided next to one doorway, giving a seating capacity of 44 and total capacity of 107 passengers (63 standing). The fleet is painted in an overall light blue colour scheme with "FRUITS LINER" logos.
KiHa 110-0.
Build details: 
Three pre-production cars were delivered to Morioka Depot between January and February 1990, with cars KiHa 110-1 and 2 built by Fuji Heavy Industries, and KiHa 110-3 built by Niigata Tekkō. As with the pre-production KiHa 100-0 cars, these initially had black front ends, pipe-style front-end skirts, black dummy exterior windows at the toilet positions, and plug doors. Cars KiHa 110-1 and 3 were equipped with Niigata DMF13HZA engines, while KiHa 110-2 was equipped with a Cummins DMF14HZA engine. All three cars used lightweight bolsterless DT58 motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies, with both axles of the motor bogies driven. 
Two production series cars, KiHa 110-4 and 5 were subsequently delivered to Morioka Depot from Fuji Heavy Industries in March 1991. These had standard white/green front ends and did not have dummy exterior windows at the toilet position. Both cars are equipped with Niigata DMF13HZA engines, and use DT58A motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies.
From 2007, four cars, excluding KiHa 110-3, were transferred to Kogota Depot for use as reserved-seating cars on "Minami Sanriku" rapid services.
Interior.
The KiHa 110-0 series cars were intended for use on "Rikuchū" express services, and are fitted with rotating/reclining seats, with a seating capacity of 52 per car.
KiHa 110-100.
Cars KiHa 110-101 to 104 were built by Niigata Tekkō and delivered to Kōriyama Depot, cars KiHa 110-105 to 122 were built by Fuji Heavy Industries and delivered to Koumi Depot, cars KiHa 110-123 to 128 were built by Niigata Tekkō and delivered to Niigata Depot, and cars KiHa 110-129 to 139 were built by Fuji Heavy Industries and delivered to Hitachi-Daigo Depot. Differences from the KiHa 110-0 series cars included solid front-end skirts instead of the earlier pipe-style skirts and elimination of the dummy exterior window at the toilet position. All cars are equipped with Cummins DMF14HZA engines, and use DT58A motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies.
Interior.
Accommodation consists of fixed transverse seating arranged 2+1 abreast, with longitudinal bench seats at the ends of the cars. Seating capacity is 52 per car, with a total capacity of 119, including standing passengers.
KiHa 111-0 + KiHa 112-0.
Three 2-car sets were built by Niigata Tekkō and delivered to Morioka Depot in March 1991. These were generally built to the same specifications as the full-production KiHa 110-0 cars, with plug doors, pipe-style front-end skirts. All cars are equipped with Niigata DMF13HZA engines, and have lightweight bolsterless DT58A motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies. 
Interior.
The KiHa 111-0/112-0 cars were intended for use on "Rikuchū" express services, and are fitted with rotating/reclining seats. The KiHa 111 cars are fitted with a toilet.
KiHa 111-100 + KiHa 112-100.
Cars KiHa 111/112-101 to 108 were built by Niigata Tekkō and delivered to Kōriyama Depot between February and March 1991, cars KiHa 111/112-109 to 111 were also built by Niigata Tekkō and delivered to Koumi Depot in December 1991, cars KiHa 111/112-112 to 121 were built by Fuji Heavy Industries and delivered to Hitachi-Daigo Depot in February 1992. As with the KiHa 111/112-0 cars, these cars had plug doors, but had solid front-end skirts instead of the earlier pipe-style skirts. All cars are equipped with Cummins DMF14HZA engines, and use DT58A motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies.
Following the introduction of new KiHa E130 DMUs on the Suigun Line, cars KiHa 111/112-112 to 121 original based at Hitachi-Daigo Depot were reallocated to Morioka and Kogota depot in 2007.
Interior.
Interior accommodation consists of a mixture of 2+1 fixed transverse seating bays in the centre of the cars and longitudinal bench seating at the ends of cars. The KiHa 111 cars are fitted with a toilet.
KiHa 111-150 + KiHa 112-150.
Four cars, KiHa 111/112-151 to 152, were built by Fuji Heavy Industries and delivered to Suigun Depot in September 1994. These cars were built to the same specifications as the earlier (bater later-numbered) KiHa 111/112-200 cars, with sliding doors. All cars are equipped with Cummins DMF14HZA engines, and use DT58A motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies.
As with the KiHa 111/112-100 series cars, these were reallocated to Morioka Depot between 2007 and 2008 following the introduction of new KiHa E130 DMUs on the Suigun Line.
KiHa 111-200 + KiHa 112-200.
As with the KiHa 110-200 subseries, this fleet consists of both newly built and cars converted from KiHa 111/112-300 cars. Cars KiHa 111/112-210 to 213 were converted at JR East's Nagano Works from former "Akita Relay" cars KiHa 111/112-301 to 303. As with the KiHa 110-200 cars, these cars have sliding doors, solid front-end skirts, and bodies extended to 20.5 m. All cars are equipped with Cummins DMF14HZA engines, and use DT58A motored bogies and TR242 trailer bogies.
Interior.
Interior accommodation consists of a mixture of 2+1 fixed transverse seating bays in the centre of the cars and longitudinal bench seating at the ends of cars. The KiHa 111 cars are fitted with a toilet.
KiHa 111-300 + KiHa 112-300.
Interior.
These cars featured limited express style unidirectional seating arranged 2+2 abreast, with a seat pitch of . The KiHa 111-300 cars included a universal access toilet, and had a seating capacity of 52. The KiHa 112-300 cars had a seating capacity of 56.
KiHa 110-700 "Tohoku Emotion".
One single car and one twin-car set were converted in 2013 at JR East's Koriyama Works to become the "Tohoku Emotion" restaurant-car Joyful Train set for use in the north-east Tohoku Region of Japan and based at Morioka Depot. Conversion details are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21607123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607123" title="Blackford and Compton Pauncefoot">
Blackford and Compton Pauncefoot

Blackford and Compton Pauncefoot is a civil parish in Somerset, England.
The parish covers the villages of Blackford and Compton Pauncefoot.
The parish has no parish council and has a Parish Meeting which has limited responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover very limited permitted expenditure (basically minimal operating expenses and contribution to burial authority) and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish meeting helps evaluate local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish meeting's role also includes liasing with the district council over projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also matters that the parish meeting has a say on but no formal responsibility.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Wincanton Rural District, which is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism. 
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, major roads (except trunk routes such as the A303 which is the responsibility of the Highways Agency), public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Somerton and Frome, a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.

</doc>
<doc id="21607136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607136" title="Lothar Ulsaß">
Lothar Ulsaß

Lothar Ulsaß (born September 9, 1940 in Hanover; died June 18, 1999 in Vienna from stroke) was a German football player.
Career.
Early in his career Ulsaß was a prolific goalscorer at Arminia Hannover in the second tier Amateuroberliga Niedersachsen and later the first tier Oberliga Nord. Eventually Bundesliga side Eintracht Braunschweig took note of Ulsaß, who had already represented the West German under-23 and amateur national teams and was considered a major talent by the German press. He was signed by Braunschweig in 1964 and went on to spent 9 seasons in the Bundesliga with the club. Serving as Eintracht's playmaker, Ulsaß was one of the key players in the team's 1966–67 championship-winning season.
Ulsaß was among the players involved in the 1971 Bundesliga scandal. A number of Eintracht Braunschweig players had accepted bonus payments from a third party for a win in their league game against Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, which was illegal (the game eventually ended 1–1). Ulsaß received a two-year ban and a fine, but was later allowed to transfer out of Germany. He joined Wiener Sport-Club in Austria, where he played for two more years until he retired in 1974.
International career.
Ulsaß represented Germany 10 times, including a 1966 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Cyprus, UEFA Euro 1968 qualifier against Albania, 1970 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Austria and 7 friendlies (he scored a hat-trick in 1965 against Austria).
International goals.
"Scores and results table. Germany's goal tally first:"

</doc>
<doc id="21607150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607150" title="Georgian presidential election, 1995">
Georgian presidential election, 1995

Presidential elections were held in Georgia on 5 November 1995. The result was a victory for Eduard Shevardnadze of the Union of Citizens of Georgia, who won 77.0% of the vote, with a 68.3% turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="21607184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607184" title="Klaus Gerwien">
Klaus Gerwien

Klaus Gerwien (born 11 September 1940 in Lyck, East Prussia, now Ełk, Poland) is a retired German football player. He spent ten seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig. He also represented Germany six times, including a 1970 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Cyprus and five friendlies (he scored an equalizer in a 2–2 tie against Brazil in 1968).

</doc>
<doc id="21607206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607206" title="Wolfgang Grzyb">
Wolfgang Grzyb

Wolfgang Grzyb (29 July 1940 – 7 October 2004) was a German football player. He spent 12 seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21607211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607211" title="USA Cycling Professional Tour">
USA Cycling Professional Tour

The USA Cycling Professional Tour is a professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="21607217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607217" title="George Condo">
George Condo

George Condo (born 1957 in Concord, New Hampshire) is an American contemporary visual artist working in the mediums of painting, drawing, sculpture and printmaking. He currently lives and works in New York City.
Early life.
Condo studied Art History and Music Theory at the University of Massachusetts in Lowell. Throughout his early life he studied guitar and composition while pursuing his lifelong interest in painting and drawing. After two years at UMass Lowell he moved to Boston where he worked in a silk screen shop and joined proto-synth/punk band The Girls with abstract painter Mark Dagley, avant garde musician Daved Hild and Robin Amos, founding member of Cul de Sac. Their first and only single, Jeffrey I Hear You/Elephant Man (1979) was produced by David Thomas of Pere Ubu. In 1979 Condo met Jean-Michel Basquiat for the first time when the Girls opened for Basquiat’s band Gray at the downtown nightclub Tier 3. After this meeting Condo immediately moved to Ludlow Street in New York City to pursue his career as an artist. In 1980 Condo became a founding member of the Punk/Blues band Hi Sheriffs of Blue.
Work.
In the early 1980s when he emerged in the East Village art scene, Condo coined the term Artificial Realism, “the realistic representation of that which is artificial,” to describe his hybridization of traditional European Old Master painting with a sensibility informed by American Pop. Along with Jean-Michel Basquiat and Keith Haring, Condo was instrumental in the international revival of painting from the 1980s onward. Condo’s work has been influential to many artists of his generation and the generation that followed him, including Nigel Cooke, Sean Landers, John Currin, Lisa Yuskavage and Glenn Brown.
The first public exhibitions of his work took place in New York City at various East Village galleries from 1981 to 1983. During this period he worked in Andy Warhol’s factory, primarily in the silkscreen production studio applying diamond dust to Warhol’s Myths series. He moved briefly to Los Angeles and had his first solo exhibition there in 1983 at Ulrike Kantor Gallery. After returning to New York later that year he made his first trip to Europe. Condo moved to Cologne, Germany where he met and worked with several artists from the Mulheimer Freiheit group, including Walter Dahn and Jiri Georg Dokoupil. His first solo exhibition in Europe was in 1984 at Monika Sprüth Gallery.
While still in Europe Condo met and began working with American art dealer Barbara Gladstone and in 1984 he had a simultaneous two-gallery exhibition in New York at Pat Hearn and Barbara Gladstone Galleries. Already close friends with Basquiat by this time, Condo met Keith Haring back in New York and the two remained lifelong friends until Haring’s death from AIDS in 1990. Several of Condo’s most significant works from this period, such as "Dancing to Miles" (1985), which was included in the 1987 Whitney Biennial, were painted in Haring’s East Village studio.
Between 1985 and 1995 Condo lived and worked mostly in hotels and rented studios between Paris and New York, while continuing to exhibit extensively in the United States and Europe. In Paris. Condo was introduced by Haring to the American writer and artist Bryon Gysin, who later introduced him to William S. Burroughs. Condo and Burroughs collaborated on numerous paintings and sculptures between 1988 and 1996. Selected works from their collaborations were exhibited in 1997 at Pat Hearn Gallery, New York. Condo and Burroughs also worked together on a collection of writings and etchings titled Ghost of Chance, which was published by the Whitney Museum in 1991.
While in Paris Condo also met and befriended philosopher and semiotician Félix Guattari, best known for his collaborations with Gilles Deleuze, when Condo was working in a studio in the apartment building where Guattari resided. Guattari wrote extensively on Condo’s work, including an introductory text and interview in the exhibition catalogue for Condo’s 1990 solo exhibition at Galerie Daniel Templon. Of Condo’s paintings Guattari wrote:
"“There is then a very specific ‘Condo effect’ which separates you from all the painters you seem to reinterpret. You sacrifice everything to this effect, particularly pictorial structure, which you systematically destroy, thus removing a protective guardrail, a frame of reference which might reassure the viewer, who is denied access to a stable set of meanings.”" (Felix Guattari, 1990)
Throughout his career as an artist Condo’s work has served as an influence and inspiration to contemporary writers including Burroughs, Guattari, Demosthenes Davvetas, Donald Kuspit, Wilfried Dickhoff and Salman Rushdie, whose 2001 novel "Fury" includes a chapter inspired by Condo’s 1994 oil painting "The Psychoanalytic Puppeteer Losing His Mind". American fiction writer David Means also used a Condo painting, "The Fallen Butler" (2010), as inspiration for his short story The Butler’s Lament which appears in the catalogue for the exhibition Mental States, a mid-career survey of the artist’s paintings and sculptures organized by the Hayward Gallery, London and the New Museum, New York in 2011. Allen Ginsberg, a close friend and frequent visitor to Condo’s Paris studio, where he photographed the artist on several occasions, asked Condo to paint his portrait for the cover of his Selected Poems: 1947-1995, published in 1996 by Harper Collins.
Commissions.
In addition to commissions for book covers, such as Jack Kerouac’s Book of Sketches (Penguin Poets, 2006), for which he also wrote the introduction, Condo has also created or designed album covers for numerous musicians. Most notably, in 2010 Condo collaborated with Kanye West and created a series of paintings for West's album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and various singles. Kanye West uses a Condo painting as his Twitter image and Condo has painted a Hermès Birkin Bag for West that West gave to Kim Kardashian. Condo's work has also been featured on the covers of the Phish album Story of the Ghost (Elektra, 1998), Danny Elfman’s Serenada Schizophrana (2006) and Franck Debussy Schumann by Dora Schwarzberg and Martha Argerich (AventiClassic, 2006), among others. He also has done a t-shirt with Adam Kimmel for Barneys New York.
Exhibitions.
Condo has exhibited extensively in the United States, Europe and Asia. His works have been included in exhibitions at many prestigious museums including the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York; the Museum of Modern Art, New York; the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston; the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York; the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo; Fonds National d'Art Contemporain, Salzburg; Ministere de la Culture, Paris; Museu d'Art Contemporani, Barcelona; the Kunsthalle Bielefeld in Germany; the Musee Maillol, Paris; The Museo de Arte Contemporaneo de Monterrey, Mexico, Moderne et d’Art Contemporain, Nice, France, Staatliche Kunsthalle Baden-Baden, Germany, Bonnefantenmuseum, Maastricht and the Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin.
In 2005 the Museum der Moderne Salzburg and Kunsthalle Bielefeld co-organized the exhibition George Condo: One Hundred Women, curated by Dr. Thomas Kellein. The exhibition was accompanied by a monograph featuring essays by Margrit Brehm, Stacey Schmidt and Kellein. In 2009 the Musee Maillol, Paris organized the exhibition George Condo: The Lost Civilization featuring paintings, drawings and sculpture created between 2003 and 2008. The monograph published by Gallimard in conjunction with the exhibition featured new writings on the artist’s work by Didier Ottinger, Bertrand Lorquin and Massimiliano Gioni, as well as a reprinting of Felix Guattari’s original text from 1990.
In 2011, The New Museum in New York City opened a mid-career retrospective of Condo's work titled Mental States. This watershed exhibition was critically acclaimed by Holland Cotter of The New York Times as “sensational.” The show traveled to Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam, the Hayward Gallery, and the Schirn Kunsthalle in Frankfurt. 
In 2013, Condo's large black-and-white banner featuring a court jester was installed on the façade of the Metropolitan Opera House, advertising the Met’s new production of Verdi’s "Rigoletto".
Condo’s work is currently on view in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art, New York and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
He is represented by Skarstedt Gallery, New York, Simon Lee Gallery, London and Sprüth Magers Berlin/London.
Collections.
Condo's work is in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art, New York, the Whitney Museum, New York, The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, the Albright-Knox Museum in Buffalo, New York, the Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington D.C. and the Broad Foundation, Los Angeles among other American and European museums and public collections.
Personal life.
Condo quit working as a printer in New York for Andy Warhol in 1982, when he was twenty-four, and went to join his actress girlfriend in Los Angeles. In the early eighties, Condo fell in love with a girl named Maria Martell in Cologne, France, and ended up staying with her for several months while making paintings. He lived in Paris from 1985 to 1995. Condo met Armenian filmmaker, actress and writer Anna Achdian in the late eighties. Achdian began her career in France a couple years earlier in 1983. They got married on June 10, 1989, Condo age 32 and Achdian age 22. The couple moved to New York in 1989, where they live on the Upper East Side, and have two daughters, Eleonore and Raphaelle.
Recognition.
In 2000, Condo was the subject of the documentary film Condo Painting, directed by John McNaughton. The film, which follows the progress of Condo’s large scale oil painting Big Red over the course of one year, features an appearance by Allen Ginsberg, as well as footage of Condo collaborating with William S. Burroughs on paintings the two made together at Burroughs’ Kansas home in the mid-1990s.
There has been extensive critical writing about Condo’s work. Several monographs have been published, including The Imaginary Portraits of George Condo (powerHouse), George Condo: Sculpture by Thomas Kellein (Hatje Kanz), George Condo: One Hundred Women (Hatje Kanz) and in conjunction with an exhibition of the same title, George Condo: Mental States (Hayward Publishing)
In 1999, Condo received an Academy Award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters and in 2005 he received the Francis J. Greenberger Award. He has been invited to lecture at many prestigious institutions including Columbia University, Yale University, Pasadena Art Center, San Francisco MOMA and The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York. In 2004, Condo taught a six-month course at Harvard University entitled Painting Memory.

</doc>
<doc id="21607237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607237" title="G. Horton Glover">
G. Horton Glover

G. Horton Glover (died November 23, 1941) was an explosives expert for the State of New Jersey during World War I. His grandfather, William H. Tucker, was chairman of the board for the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad.
Personal life.
Glover was married and had two daughters, Harriet and Pamela. Harriet married Gordon B. York of New York City, and had one daughter, Pamela Glover York, in 1950.
Death.
Glover died on November 23, 1941, in his winter residence in Palm Beach, Florida. He was 62 years old.
He had been a member of the Bath and Tennis Old Guard, the Everglades Club of Palm Beach and the Metropolitan Club of New York. He was also a respected golfer in Palm Beach, winning a number of tournaments in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="21607245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607245" title="Wolf-Rüdiger Krause">
Wolf-Rüdiger Krause

Wolf-Rüdiger Krause (born 7 September 1944) is a German football coach and a former player. As a player, he spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21607247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607247" title="Foundation Programme">
Foundation Programme

The Foundation Programme is a two-year structured programme of workplace-based learning for junior doctors that forms a bridge between medical school and specialty training. The programme aims to provide a safe, well-supervised environment for doctors to put into practice what they learned in medical school. It provides them with the generalist medical knowledge and skills to meet the requirements of the General Medical Council (GMC) The New Doctor (2007) and the Foundation Programme Curriculum (2007) and prepares them for entry into specialty training. All medical graduates must undertake, and complete the Foundation Programme in order to work as a doctor in the UK.
The programme was first proposed by England’s Chief Medical Officer, Professor Sir Liam Donaldson in 2002 in his document Unfinished Business and replaces the old Pre-Registration House Officer year and the first year of the Senior House Officer grade. Introduced as part of a series of initiatives under the Modernising Medical Careers (MMC) umbrella, the programme aims to ensure that foundation doctors develop and enhance their clinical and generic skills at the same time as exploring a range of career options.
A website set up by the UK Foundation Programme Office (UKFPO) is used as a source of information for all those involved in foundation training: http://www.foundationprogramme.nhs.uk/pages/home
There is a website to help students compare all UK Foundations Schools - Foundation Schools Chooser: http://foundationschools.info 

</doc>
<doc id="21607249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607249" title="Howard C. Warren">
Howard C. Warren

Howard Crosby Warren (1867–1934) was an American psychologist and the first chairman of the Princeton University Psychology department. He was also president of the American Psychological Association in 1913. 
The Society of Experimental Psychologists awards the Howard Crosby Warren Medal each year in his honor.
Academic education.
Warren graduated from Princeton in 1889, and received his A.M. in 1891. Starting in 1891, he studied abroad at the universities in Leipzig, Berlin and Munich, but left by 1892 to help establish a psychological laboratory at Princeton University with James Baldwin. Despite not earning a doctorate until 1917 Warren was appointed professor in 1902.
Professional career.
Having become professor in 1902 Warren went on to be appointed director of the Nassau Hall laboratory in 1904, the Stuart Professor of Psychology in 1914, and in 1920 the first head of the Princeton Psychology Department. He is also noted as having been a major contributor to the erection of the Eno Hall built in 1924.
Commemoration.
Howard C. Warren is today commemorated by the Society of Experimental Psychologists, which he helped found, and who annually awards to one of its members the Howard Crosby Warren Medal. At Princeton his private psychological library is housed in the Green Halls, which replaced Eno Hall as the home of psychology in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="21607253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607253" title="Mustafa Zahid">
Mustafa Zahid

Mustafa Zahid (Urdu:مصطفی زاہد) is a Pakistani rock artist who has enjoyed a lot of success since bursting into the public eye in 2006 with his hit single "Tera Mera Rishta". Mustafa is also the band leader and the lead vocalist of Roxen, an all out rock band which he formed with some of his friends in 2004. Apart from his awe inspiring voice, Mustafa's style and personality contribute to his success as well. Born in Lahore, Mustafa had his interest in music ever since he was a little boy. He was noted first for his amazing stage-like performances and not his voice. At first, it was thought that he would be related to showbiz as an actor.
Early life.
Mustafa was born into a Muslim family in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. He is the cousin to Ali Azmat. He was the lead vocalist of the rock band Junoon. 
Underground.
After graduating Mustafa and his friends decided to form the band Roxen.
Mainstream and Bollywood.
In the mid of 2007, he gave two of his chart busters songs for the Bollywood movie Awarapan Although Pritam did the music for the film it was mostly unknown that songs were originally composed and written by Mustafa himself.With some help from the Bollywood music Djs the remix of the songs became anthems. It was the biggest music deal of his career and his devotion to the songs of the movie is still chronicled everywhere. After "Awarapan", Mustafa in 2009 came out with another Bollywood release 'Khuda Kay Liye' from the film Runway. He is considered to be one of the top vocalists in Pakistan and is also gaining popularity worldwide.
2012 saw Mustafa hit back with a massive bang.He was the first Pakistani singer to be featured in as many as 2 songs on soundtrack of an album.The three songs from "Blood Money" has already become rage worldwide.Jo tere Sang, Gunah kia and Teri Yaadon Se are said to be one of the best Mustafa Zahids work till today.
2013 has Mustafa Zahid written all over it! 'Hum Jee Lenge' from Murder 3 will be followed by 'Junoon' from Shootout at Wadala and then 'Bhula Dena' from Aashiqui 2 will be Mustafa Zahids projects.
Mustafa currently have an official website & he stated in an interview that he does have a page on Facebook
He has performed in over a 50 cities worldwide including New York, Glasgow, Karachi, Mumbai, Dubai Manama, London Wembley arena..
Mustafa Zahid gave special appearance at Sensation Crown Plaza Dubai on 27 September 2012 with DJ Suketu Live.
Roxen.
Roxen is the band that Mustafa formed with his friends in 2004. The word "Rozen" is derived from the Persian word "Rozen e dewaar", which is also the name of his band's first album. Their style is a blend of Sufi rock, acoustic and pop. The initial band members were Mustafa, Omar Jodi and Haider. Their debut album titled Roxen-E-Dewaar was released in late 2006 and remained on top of all charts in Pakistan for almost six weeks. The Indian release of the album was scheduled in mid December 2008, but was put on hold by Indian label after the recent Mumbai Attacks.
Roxen & Jal live Performance in Railways Club, Multan.
Finally, Universal Music has signed Mustafa Zahid and Roxen (band) for a worldwide release of their Upcoming Album.
TV show.
Mustafa Zahid is also hosting a show called "Gata Rahe Mera Dil" along with Rabi Pirzada on TV One Global

</doc>
<doc id="21607256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607256" title="Blab school">
Blab school

A blab school or ABC school or Old-time School was a type of children's primary school, outdated and obsolete since the 20th century. The school children recited "(blabbed)" their lessons out loud separately or in chorus with others as a method of learning.
Etymology and word origin.
Blab is the shorten form of the word "blabber," meaning to talk much without making sense. From Old English comes the word "muðettan", meaning "to blab," which was to speak from the mouth. Middle English had the noun "blabbe," "one who does not control his tongue."
A blab school was where the school children repeated back their teacher's oral lesson at the top of their voices. The school children vocalized out their lesson in "Chinese fashion" as harmonized voices in unison. In more elegant terms, instead of saying they were "blab" schools they were referred to as "vocal" schools.
The neighbors of such a children's school of the 19th century would hear all the noise coming from the school of the children reciting the teacher's lesson aloud, and then dubbed the schools "blab" schools since it sounded like "blab-blab-blab."
Description.
A blab school was popular in frontier days of the American West, since many settlers could not read. These one-room schools were called "old field" schools and were log cabins, many times with just dirt floors. The students sat on wooden backless benches. This type of school was referred to as an "Old-time School" in the Appalachian region of Virginia in the 19th century.
A blab school was basically without books and paper for the students. The schooling consisted of a teacher, with perhaps one or two books, speaking a short oral lesson and the schoolchildren reciting it back with a loud voice several times until memorized. The only requirement needed to become a teacher was to know how to read.
Reciting the information learned was a form of entertainment in frontier days as well as a means of learning. In those days paper was scarce so memorizing was the preferred method over writing things down. The subjects of reading, writing, and arithmetic were the basic ABC items in the 19th century typically learned by the young children reciting out loud the lesson. In blab schools it was typical for a teacher to comment about a child grasping his lesson. This student was referred to as a "leather-head" and was awarded with praise from his teacher.
In many of the "ABC schools" of the United States each pupil was to recite first thing in the morning of the new school day the lesson they learned of their homework assignment of the previous day. The ambitious ones reached the school house by sunrise since they recited in the order of their arrival in the morning. The school rule was "first come, first called" and after a student's recital the teacher called out "Next" as they knew the order of each student's arrival.
The method of reciting one's lesson to memorize it was referred to as "loud studying." Many people of the time believed that listening to one "blabbing" out loud their lesson benefitted the education of the other students. Teachers were not shy in dishing out punishment to those who didn't loudly shout out their lesson.
The teacher would walk around the classroom with a wooden switch or paddle when the students were reciting and use it on the child if the student was not loud enough to the teacher's pleasing.
Abraham Lincoln.
United States president Abraham Lincoln learned his ABCs when he attended a blab school which he walked to in his youth. The school he first attended was at least a mile from his home. His first two teachers were Zachariah Riney and Caleb Hazel, who taught from a windowless schoolhouse. 
Another teacher of Lincoln was Azel Waters Dorsey (1784-1858) who taught him for 6 months in 1824 in a blab school in Spencer County, Indiana.
Lincoln learned first from spelling books. It was customary to learn first to spell all the words of the spelling books and recite several times before advancing to read other books. Lincoln studied Dillworth's Speller and Webster's "Old Blueback." Later then he advanced to reading Murray's "English Reader."
Lincoln was noted for shouting out his reading lesson on the path from his home to the blab school and could be heard for a considerable distance. He had the habit of reading anything aloud and some noted he "could not read otherwise." Between the ages of 11 and 15, Lincoln went to school occasionally between his obligated home duties. All of Lincoln's schooling combined in various blab schools amounted to less than a year. Many times the blab school Lincoln attended didn't even have a teacher and the older, smarter students, often teenagers, taught the younger children.

</doc>
<doc id="21607277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607277" title="The Channel Company">
The Channel Company

The Channel Company is an American provider of IT channel-focused events, media, research, consulting, and sales and marketing services. The channel includes high-tech suppliers and solution providers (technology resellers).
The Channel Company's portfolio includes: media (CRN Magazine); events (XChange and Vision); tele-recruiting; sales support; marketing services; research and consulting (Institute for Partner Education & Development)
The Channel Company was founded by CMP Media and the division did business under the name the CMP Channel Group. When CMP was acquired by United Business Media, the company was renamed UBM Channel. The company was bought by its managers in 2013.
2007 proforma revenues for UBM Channel were $73 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21607287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607287" title="Stanky Legg">
Stanky Legg

"Stanky Legg" is the hit debut single of the GS Boyz. It was performed at BET's "Rip the Runway".
Music video.
The video directed by Kai Crawford was released in early February 2009. It also reached number-one on the urban music countdown 106 & Park and received moderate play on MTV Jams. It ranked at #26 on BET's "Notarized Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Stanky Legg Dance.
The "Stanky Legg" is a multi-step dance that mainly involves the movement of the dancer's leg being moved in a circular motion, then alternating to the opposite leg. The dance also involves dances such as the "Booty Dew" and the "Dougie". In the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup, USA forwards Jozy Altidore and Charlie Davies used this dance as their goal celebration, making it a popular reference in the underground US Soccer scene.

</doc>
<doc id="21607296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607296" title="Discretization of continuous features">
Discretization of continuous features

In statistics and machine learning, discretization refers to the process of converting or partitioning continuous attributes, features or variables to discretized or nominal attributes/features/variables/intervals. This can be useful when creating probability mass functions – formally, in density estimation. It is a form of discretization in general and also of binning, as in making a histogram. Whenever continuous data is discretized, there is always some amount of discretization error. The goal is to reduce the amount to a level considered negligible for the modeling purposes at hand.
Typically data is discretized into partitions of "K" equal lengths/width (equal intervals) or K% of the total data (equal frequencies).
Mechanisms for discretizing continuous data include Fayyad & Irani's MDL method, which uses mutual information to recursively define the best bins, CAIM, CACC, Ameva, and many others
Many machine learning algorithms are known to produce better models by discretizing continuous attributes.

</doc>
<doc id="21607339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607339" title="J. Max Bond, Jr.">
J. Max Bond, Jr.

J. Max Bond, Jr. (1935 – February 18, 2009) was one of a small number of prominent African-American architects.
He developed an interest in architecture based on experiences ranging from viewing a staircase at a dormitory at the Tuskegee Institute to views of North African construction styles on a visit to Tunisia. Bond was educated at Harvard University, where he was awarded a bachelor's degree in 1955 and earned a master's degree three years later. He ignored advice from a Harvard faculty member to give up the professional pursuit of architecture due to his race, overcoming barriers in what was at the time a white profession.
He started his professional career in France with André Wogenscky. He moved back to New York City, working at the firms of Gruzen & Partners and at Pedersen & Tilney. He moved to Ghana in the mid-1960, where he designed several government buildings, including the Bolgatanga Regional Library in an area near the border with Burkina Faso, which consisted of four buildings shaded by a common roof that was designed to provide natural ventilation and obviate the need for air conditioning.
Back in the United States, he served as head of the Architects Renewal Committee of Harlem. In 1970, together with Donald P. Ryder, he founded the architectural firm of Bond Ryder & Associates which was responsible for the design of the Martin Luther King Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change in Atlanta, and the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute in Birmingham, Alabama, as well as Harlem's Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture.
The firm was merged with Davis, Brody & Associates after Ryder's retirement in 1990. Bond became a partner at the newly combined firm of Davis Brody Bond, bringing over nine architects to join the nearly 100 at Davis, Brody, which had been best known for its work at Manhattan residential developments at Riverbend Houses, Waterside Plaza and Zeckendorf Towers. Bond was responsible for the museum component at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center site at the time of his death.
Bond served as chairman of the architecture division at the Columbia University Graduate School of Architecture and Planning from 1980 to 1984. He was dean from 1985 to 1992 at the City College of New York School of Architecture and Environmental Studies. He served as a member of the New York City Planning Commission from 1980 to 1986.
Death and family.
A resident of New York's Manhattan, Bond died of cancer at age 73 on February 18, 2009. He was survived by Jean Carey Bond (his wife), two children, three grandchildren, a sister and a brother.
His father was J. Max Bond, Sr., President of the University of Liberia. His uncle was Horace Mann Bond, and his cousin was Julian Bond.

</doc>
<doc id="21607345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607345" title="Helmuth Johannsen">
Helmuth Johannsen

Helmuth Johannsen (27 February 1920 – 3 November 1998) was a German football player and manager.
Johannsen played for FC St. Pauli, but a war injury forced him to give up his playing career early. After World War II he went on to become a manager, most notably leading Eintracht Braunschweig to a surprising Bundesliga championship in 1966–67. He also worked in Switzerland, winning the Swiss championship in 1978 with Grasshopper Club Zürich, and also reaching the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup the same year.
Honours.
"Club"
"Individual"

</doc>
<doc id="21607363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607363" title="European Business Summit">
European Business Summit

The European Business Summit (EBS) is an initiative of BUSINESSEUROPE and the Federation of Enterprises in Belgium. 
EBS is the annual summit for business leaders and policymakers in Europe where international business and European politics shape the future and set the agenda for years coming. This year’s theme is „The Business Agenda 2014 – 2019: Rebuilding a Competitive Europe“.
Every year, EBS attracts more than 2,000 participants from over 60 countries, European Commissioners, Prime Ministers, high-ranking individuals and about 200 journalists. Apart from the workshops and the plenary sessions, side events take place such as networking cocktails and a gala dinner, as well as numerous press conferences and media events. 
European Business Summit 2014.
The EBS takes place from 14th to 15th of May 2014 at Palais d'Egmont in Brussels. Speakers include European Commissioners such as Michel Barnier (Commissioner for the Internal Market) and Karel De Gucht (Commissioner for Trade), but also Director Generals in the person of Jonathan Faull (Internal Market and Services), Jean-Luc Demarty (Trade), Dominique Ristori (Energy), CEOs and industrialists. Finally, the closing plenary session will be dedicated to a debate featuring EU Commission Presidential Candidates.
In collaboration with BUSINESSEUROPE, the Federation of Enterprises in Belgium (FEB) and Accenture, EBS will publish a study on the digital transformation of the European economy. This study will be based on a survey presenting the insights of 500 CEOs into future growth and opportunities for European businesses. 
Previous editions.
2013 - 11th edition theme : "Unlocking Industrial Opportunities - An EU Strategy for Competitiveness", Cinquantenaire, 15–16 May 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="21607395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607395" title="Etzel Cardeña">
Etzel Cardeña

Etzel Cardeña is the Thorsen Professor of Psychology (including parapsychology and hypnosis) at Lund University, Sweden where he is Director of the Centre for Research on Consciousness and Anomalous Psychology (CERCAP). A native of Mexico, Cardeña studied at the Universidad Iberoamericana in México and completed an MA in clinical psychology at York University in Toronto, Canada and an MA and PhD in Personality Psychology at the University of California, Davis. His doctoral thesis under the supervision of Charles Tart was on the phenomenology of deep states of hypnosis. He subsequently went on to do post-doctoral work in the area of dissociation and hypnosis at Stanford University under David Spiegel. Cardeña has held academic posts at Georgetown University, the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (USUHS) and the University of Texas–Pan American, among others. He has served as President of the Society of Psychological Hypnosis (APA Division 30), the Society for Clinical and Experimental Hypnosis, and the Parapsychological Association for the year 2008-2009. He has expressed views in favour of the validity of some paranormal phenomena. In a series of interviews with Swedish Newspapers he has said that there is evidence for telepathy, psychokinesis and precognition and that he himself has had experiences that could be interpreted as supporting the psi hypothesis. His edited book "Varieties of Anomalous Experience: Examining the Scientific Evidence" published in 2000 and a second edition in 2014 is a scholarly volume on anomalous experiences. His two volumes Altering Consciousness discusses the importance of altered states across history, culture, and in many disciplines including philosophy, anthropology, psychology, biology, and various others.
In addition to his professional work in psychology Etzel Cardeña is the Artistic Director of the International Theatre of Malmö and has worked in theatre as a director, actor and playwright in Mexico, the USA and Sweden. He did graduate studies in theatre directing at the University of California, Davis, after having worked professionally in theatre in México and been offered scholarships from the Polish and Canadian governments to do graduate work in acting.
Publications.
Scientific publications include more than 250 journal articles and book chapters in journals such as Annual Review of Clinical Psychology, American Journal of Psychiatry, Journal of Abnormal Psychology, Archives of General Psychiatry, and Cortex, and the following books: 

</doc>
<doc id="21607396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607396" title="Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology">
Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology

The Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology (Empa, German acronym for "Eidgenössische Materialprüfungs- und Forschungsanstalt") is an interdisciplinary Swiss research and service institution for applied materials sciences and technology. As part of the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology Domain, it is an institution of the Swiss federation. For the longest time since its foundation in 1880, it concentrated on classical materials testing. Since the late 1980s it has developed into a modern research and development institute.
Research.
According to its vision – Materials and technologies for a sustainable future – Empa aims at developing solutions for current problems facing industry and society in areas such as energy, the environment, mobility, health and safety. Research is concentrated in five Research Focus Areas: "Nanostructured Materials," "Sustainable Built Environment," "Materials for Health and Performance," "Natural Resources and Pollutants," and "Materials for Energy Technologies."
Empa's annual budget in 2010 amounted to 97 million Swiss francs of Federal funding and 50 million Swiss francs of third party means, of which 38 million Swiss francs came from research grants and 12 million Swiss francs from services. 
The strategy shift from a materials testing to a research institute has been increasingly apparent since 2001: the number of scientific publications increased from 67 in 2001 to more than 500 in 2010. The number of projects financed by the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) increased from 5 in 2001 to 91 in the same period. External funding has also grown from 33.8 million Swiss francs in 2000 to around 50 million Swiss francs (2010). Empa is currently involved in more than 50 projects funded under the EU framework programs. 
Applied research and development in the institute often unfold in close collaboration with partners from industry. Empa embraces a multidisciplinary approach – scientists and engineers from a wide range of disciplines work side by side on most projects.
The Empa also provides support to both of the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology in Zurich and Lausanne, supports teaching in universities and universities of applied sciences (UAS) and is active in organizing scientific conferences and advanced training courses through the Empa Academy. Conferences, lecture series, seminars and courses are aimed at scientists, professionals from industry and the private-sector, and also the general public, for example, through the "Science Aperitifs" events.
History.
In 1880, EMPA's forerunner, the "Institution for the Testing of Building Materials" begins its work at the Polytechnic Institute in Zurich. Its first Director is Ludwig von Tetmajer, professor for building materials. In 1891 Tetmajer is charged with investigating the Munchenstein rail disaster, the collapse of a railway bridge, built by the world-famous engineer Gustave Eiffel. Tetmajer is quickly able to demonstrate that the use of Euler’s hyperbola, which up to that time had been the standard technique, is only applicable in the elastic region of the steel used for the bridge.
In 1895, the name ″Federal Materials Testing Institute" is first used, the German acronym for which is "Empa".
In 1937, the Swiss Testing Institution, St. Gallen, having been expanded in 1911 to a textile testing authority, merges with EMPA. The expanded organization is renamed "Federal Materials Testing and Experimental Institute for Industry, Civil Engineering and Trade".
In 1962, the Empa moves from Zurich to Dübendorf. The key areas at this site are civil engineering, safety technology, surface technology, metallic materials, composites, non-destructive testing, chemical analysis, exhaust gas and atmospheric measurements, building technologies, building physics, acoustics and noise abatement.
In 1988, a significant change of course occurs, with a strong emphasis on research and development. The Empa is renamed "Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Testing and Research" (Eidgenössische Materialprüfungs- und Versuchsanstalt in German). 
In 1996, staff at Empa’s St.Gallen site move into their new building “Im Moos”. Core activities are clothing physiology, personal protective systems, functional fibers and textiles, biocompatible materials, materials and image modeling, and technology risk evaluation.
In 2001, Empa’s priorities are oriented firmly towards research and innovative developments. An international Research Commission is established, evaluating Empa's R&D activities on a regular basis.
In 2003 nanotechnology is established at Empa. The new laboratory "nanotech@surfaces" works on nanostructures, nanotubes as electron emitters and quasi-crystalline layers. In Dübendorf another new lab, "Functional Polymers", is established. 
In 2004 yet another nano lab sees the light of day at the Dübendorf site: "Nanoscale Materials Science", focusing on developing and analyzing nanostructured surfaces and coatings. 
In 2005, together with the Warsaw University of Technology and the AGH University of Science and Technology in Kraków, Empa founds the International PhD School Switzerland – Poland. ETH Zurich, Jagiellonien University in Kraków and Warsaw University have since joined. Meanwhile, this cooperation with the EU's new member states (NMS) has expanded substantially within the framework of The Swiss contribution to EU enlargement, for instance via numerous "Joint Research Projects" as well as joint events such as the "Swiss-Polish Science & Technology Days", which were staged for the first time in Warsaw in 2010.
Further laboratories are founded: "Mechanics of Materials and Nanostructures", "Mechanical Systems Engineering", "Mechanics for Modeling and Simulation", "Biomaterials", "Materials-Biology Interactions", "Hydrogen & Energy" and "Solid State Chemistry and Catalysis". In 2006 the "Center for Synergetic Structures", a public-private partnership (PPP) between Empa and Festo, is established with the goal to develop novel, ultra-lightweight load-bearing structures. 
In 2008, Empa opens a new business incubator, "glaTec", in Dübendorf to support the founding of innovative start-ups and spin-offs in close proximity to Empa. glaTec is the counterpart to "tebo" in St. Gallen, which has been in operation since 1996. Empa also intensifies its activities in photovoltaics. Moreover, a closer cooperation with Japan's "National Institute for Materials Science" (NIMS) is agreed upon, resulting in the 2010 opening of a NIMS office at Empa. 
In 2010, Empa expands its business development endeavors and develops new models of cooperating with industry, tailored specifically to the partner's needs. Among other things, strategic alliances are forged in vital areas such as fuel cells, innovative medtech applications and sustainable mobility. In the same year, the Empa is streamlining its R&D portfolio into five "Research Focus Areas", which are geared even more stringently towards Empa's core competence: turning research and technologies into marketable innovations.

</doc>
<doc id="21607397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607397" title="World Series ring">
World Series ring

The World Series ring is an award in Major League Baseball given to the winners of the World Series, which determines the champion of the MLB season. Since only one Commissioner's Trophy is awarded to the team, the World Series ring offers a collectible memento for the actual players and team members to keep for themselves to symbolize the victory. The World Series ring is presented to the winning team early in the next season. The rings have been made by companies that include Jostens, Tiffany & Co., Dieges & Clust, and the L.G. Balfour Company.
The first World Series ring was given to members of the New York Giants after winning the 1922 World Series. By the 1930s, each winning team gave their players a ring. Though the ring started off simple, usually containing only one diamond, rings over time have become more ornate, with the 2003 World Series ring containing over 200 diamonds.
In addition to their inherent value, World Series rings also carry additional value as sports memorabilia. A World Series ring belonging to Casey Stengel sold for $180,000. Lenny Dykstra's 1986 World Series ring sold for over $56,000 during his bankruptcy proceedings. Other rings sold in auctions have sold for over $10,000 apiece. Replica rings given to fans have sold for as much as $300.
History.
Prior to the 1922 World Series, players on the World Series-winning team were given keepsakes, such as a pin or pocketwatch fob. The first World Series ring was given to the members of the New York Giants following their victory in the 1922 World Series over the New York Yankees. When the Yankees won the 1923 World Series, players were given a commemorative pocketwatch. The Yankees first gave rings to their players following the 1927 World Series. Rings became an annual tradition in the 1930s, as every World Series-winning team has given rings to its players since 1932. In past years, players often requested other items in place of rings, including cufflinks and tie bars. Frankie Crosetti and Tommy Henrich requested shotguns from the Yankees following World Series championships. Grover Cleveland Alexander reportedly pawned his 1926 World Series ring.
Members of the 1973 World Series champion Oakland Athletics were upset when team owner Charlie O. Finley, following salary disputes with his players, presented his team with rings that were identical to the ones received after winning the 1972 World Series, except without the one-carat diamond. Reggie Jackson referred to them as "trash rings". The first ring to contain more than one diamond was the 1977 World Series ring commissioned by the Yankees, which had over a dozen diamonds. Whereas older rings were 10 carat and between 20 and 25 pennyweight, modern rings are typically 14 carat and 50 pennyweight. The 2004 World Series rings commissioned by the Boston Red Sox were 18 carat white gold, with a ruby "B" surrounded by diamonds. Players' names are often inscribed in the ring. The St. Louis Cardinals had the Rally Squirrel engraved into their 2011 World Series championship rings. Companies that have been commissioned to create World Series rings include Jostens, Tiffany & Co., Dieges & Clust, and the L.G. Balfour Company.
In modern years, the importance of World Series rings to players has increased. Players receive their rings in pregame ceremonies early in the next season. Alex Rodriguez said his 2009 World Series ring "means the world" to him, and that he would wear it daily. Sergio Romo of the 2010 World Series champion San Francisco Giants said of his ring: "In all reality, this is why we play right here." The rings commissioned by the Florida Marlins after the 2003 World Series are believed to be the most expensive World Series rings ever made; made of 14-carat white gold, the ring featured 229 diamonds, including one teal diamond, and 13 rubies. The rings cost $20,000 apiece due to the quantity of the purchase, though they retailed at $40,000 each. Many players prefer to display their rings as trophies as opposed to wearing them.
Non-players affiliated with the team, including front office executives, coaches, and locker room staff, also receive rings. After the 2004 World Series, the Red Sox ordered over 500 rings. Players no longer affiliated with the winning team also receive rings. Arthur Rhodes, Bengie Molina, and Lonnie Smith played in the World Series against a team they played for earlier in the season, guaranteeing them World Series rings regardless of the series outcome. Yogi Berra has won the most World Series rings with 15, combining his time as a player and as a coach. He often asked for a pendant to be made for his wife instead; he later had the other rings recast to display in the Yogi Berra Museum.
World Series rings are considered valuable sports memorabilia. In 2007, Casey Stengel's 1951 World Series ring sold for $180,000. When Lenny Dykstra went through bankruptcy in 2009, his 1986 World Series ring sold for $56,762.50 through Heritage Auctions, three times as much as was expected.. Others have sold their rings on eBay. Doug Baker of the 1984 World Series champion Detroit Tigers had a new ring made after his original was stolen, and when he recovered the original ring, he sold it for $12,322. Cucho Rodriguez, a scout for the Red Sox, sold his 2004 World Series ring for over $19,000 and in 2011, Scott Williamson auctioned off his 2004 ring for $89,000. However, the ring that once belonged to disgraced pitcher Brandon Puffer, when offered for sale on the August 15, 2013 episode of "Pawn Stars" could not be sold. The shop declined to make an offer. They claimed Puffer's off-field problems destroyed the resale value of the ring.
Replica rings given out to fans at the game where players receive their rings have also been sold on eBay, with one replica 2005 World Series ring given out by the Chicago White Sox returning approximately $300.
The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum contains an exhibit on World Series rings. The New York Yankees Museum, located in Yankee Stadium, has an exhibit with replicas of all Yankees' World Series rings, including the pocket watch given after the 1923 World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="21607405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607405" title="Vellayani Lake">
Vellayani Lake

Vellayani Lake, or "Vellayani Kayal" as known in local language, is the largest fresh water lake in Thiruvananthapuram district, of Kerala, India.
Location.
It is around 9 km away from the Thiruvananthapuram Central Bus Station at Thampanoor. Buses ply to Vellayani Lake from City Depot at East Fort also. It is at a distance of 7 km from Kovalam via Poonkulam junction.
Attractions.
A road passes through this lake; a bund has been constructed for this purpose. This lake attracts a lot of tourists. Once in Kovalam, a visitor should not allow to miss the opportunity of seeing this wonder lake of freshwater. Its crystal-clear calm water, especially during moonlit nights, is a craze for the minds. The locals say a side of the lake is "Kochu Kovalam", meaning tiny Kovalam. 
There is a boat race in the lake during Onam which attracts a huge crowd. Country boat service is available from Kovalam beach to reach the lake.
Threats to the Lake.
There was a move to drain the lake and use the reclaimed area for agriculture. It was resisted by locals and environmentalists and has been shelved.
Illegal sand mining, pollution and land reclamation is affecting the condition of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21607408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607408" title="Douglas' lemma">
Douglas' lemma

In operator theory, an area of mathematics, Douglas' lemma relates factorization, range inclusion, and majorization of Hilbert space operators. It is generally attributed to Ronald G. Douglas, although Douglas acknowledges that aspects of the result may already have been known. The statement of the result is as follows:
Theorem: If "A" and "B" are bounded operators on a Hilbert space "H", the following are equivalent:
Moreover, if these equivalent conditions hold, then there is a unique operator "C" such that
A generalization of Douglas' lemma for unbounded operators on a Banach space is given in.
See also.
Positive operator

</doc>
<doc id="21607420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607420" title="Street Racer (film)">
Street Racer (film)

Street Racer is a 2008 action film by The Asylum. Its title is similar to the film "Speed Racer", but its overall plot bears a closer similarity to "The Fast and the Furious", and particularly "", which had been released in 2006. The film is advertised by The Asylum as being based on true events.
Plot.
Johnny Wayne (Clint Browning) is an ex-racer who is serving in prison after crippling a young boy during an illegal street race in Los Angeles. Wayne, having been traumatised by the events, vows to never race again, and is soon released as a reformed citizen.
Whilst Wayne attempts to restore his life and become an honest, hardworking member of society, he slowly finds himself being lured back into street racing by his former associates, for the chance to keep his title as the ultimate street racer of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="21607430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607430" title="2004 NECBL All-Star Game">
2004 NECBL All-Star Game

The 2004 NECBL All-Star Game was the 12th exhibition game between all-stars from the NECBL's Northern and the Southern Divisions. The Southern All-Stars held off the Northern All-Stars 7-4. P.J. Antoniato of the Manchester Silkworms was named the game's MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="21607455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607455" title="Day of Private Reflection">
Day of Private Reflection

The Day of Private Reflection is a day of remembrance created to acknowledge and reflect upon the conflict in Northern Ireland. It was proposed by Healing Through Remembering, a cross-community organisation devoted to dealing with the legacy of the conflict. The occasion sought to look toward a peaceful future, while reflecting on the violence of the past.
The day has been held annually since 2007 on June 21, the summer solstice; it was chosen for this date as the solstice was deemed an opportunity for looking both forward and back.
The Day of Reflection was specifically mentioned by the report of the Consultative Group on the Past who recommended that it be renamed the Day of Reflection and Reconciliation.
Background.
A Day of Reflection was one of the six recommendations contained in the report published by the Healing Through Remembering Project in 2002. The report recommended that an annual Day of Reflection be established which would ‘initially be a day for private individual reflection’, with the purpose of the day developing over the years ‘moving from personal and organisational reflection to becoming more collective, public and shared among communities, groups, churches and organisations'; it was described as an attempt to revive the well-established practices of commemoration, which tended to focus on death and loss, with a new sense of purpose and openness to the prospects for peace and regeneration.
In 2004 a sub group of people of diverse backgrounds was established within the Healing Through Remembering initiative to explore ways of taking forward the original recommendation. Initially the sub group commissioned and conducted research to inform their work including research looking at days of reflection in an international context, research exploring potential dates on which a Day of Reflection might take place locally and a scoping study to assess local views on the idea and practical steps which could be taken to make a Day of Reflection a reality.
In May 2006 the sub group met to consider the results of the research and the scoping study and to form a strategy for its ongoing work. As part of the Sub Group strategy it was agreed to initiate the holding of a ‘private Day of Reflection’ on 21 June 2007, as a first stage to stimulating debate and continuing exploration of the viability of the original HTR recommendation. In light of the response to the Day of Private Reflection 2007, the Sub Group organised a further Day of Private Reflection on 21 June 2008.
The event will be held again on 21 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21607457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607457" title="Rhymes &amp; Reasons">
Rhymes &amp; Reasons

Rhymes & Reasons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21607460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607460" title="National Children's Wind Orchestra of Great Britain">
National Children's Wind Orchestra of Great Britain

The National Children's Wind Orchestra of Great Britain (NCWO) is one of the most accomplished Youth Wind groups in the United Kingdom and is run by the same organisation as that of the National Youth Wind Ensemble of Great Britain.
History.
NCWO was originally formed to provide a very high level opportunity for Young performers to play at a level which will not compromise on difficulty of music for the age of the performers.
The boys and girls in the group used to rehearse as The National Children's Wind Orchestra for just one residential course a year held in the East School Holidays. This was led by their conductor Phillip Scott who developed the band and drove the standard and polularity of the course up. He still holds the position of Conductor at the present day, but he now conducts the National Youth Wind Ensemble.
Ever since the band was formed, it has been a small group with few players to each part organisation, making it totally unique among British youth bands which played on a national scale. Nowadays there is another National group playing this way called the National Youth Wind Orchestra who are part of a different organisation. The band has a grade 7 requirement to apply for audition.
Throughout the history of the band they have performed world premieres of pieces such as Thames Journey and Global Variations.

</doc>
<doc id="21607501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607501" title="Jabalpur Engineering College">
Jabalpur Engineering College

Jabalpur Engineering College (JEC), formerly known as Government Engineering College, Jabalpur, is an institute located in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, India. The institute offers bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees in engineering and applied sciences. JEC made an announcement in March 2013, that it is starting courses in management, design, architecture, town planning, pharmacy, cyber and business laws.
History.
JEC was established as the Government Engineering College, Jabalpur, on 7 July 1947 during the British rule in India, making it the second oldest engineering college in India and the oldest in central India. It also has the oldest Electronics & Telecommunication department in India which was started in 1947, right from its inception.
It was affiliated to the University of Sagar from 1947 to 1956, then to the University of Jabalpur until the year 1999 and from 1999 to 2010 to Rajiv Gandhi Technical University, Bhopal which is the State Technological University of Madhya Pradesh. The institute celebrated its 50th anniversary in 1997 while the President of India, his Excellency Dr. Shankar Dayal Sharma graced the Golden Jubilee ceremony. In 1997, it was granted an autonomous institute status and in the year 2010, it was declared an autonomous university by the Government of Madhya Pradesh. In the year 2014, it was granted autonomy by University Grants Commission. It is a regional center and also a nodal research center of Rajiv Gandhi Technical University.
Departments.
Civil Engineering.
Courses offered:
Electrical Engineering.
Courses offered:
Mechanical Engineering.
Courses offered:
Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering.
Courses offered:
Computer Science & Engineering.
Courses offered:
Information Technology.
Courses offered:
Industrial & Production Engineering.
Courses offered:
Applied Physics.
Courses offered:
Applied Chemistry.
Courses offered:
Applied Mathematics.
Courses offered:
Campus.
JEC has been developed as a small township centred around Gokulpur and Ranjhi. It has a lush green campus of , rich in natural flora and fauna with Robertson lake as a background. The campus is well connected to the city, being 13 km from the Jabalpur Airport, 6 km away from the Jabalpur Railway Station and 9 km from the Jabalpur Bus Stand. A cafeteria called "Amraai" serves refreshments on campus. The other on-campus facilities include a State Bank of India branch, ATM, PCO and a post office. The sporting facilities include an athletic track, cricket field, football field, hockey field, basketball court, badminton court, 3 tennis courts and 8 volleyball courts. A multi station gymnasium, open air theatre having a capacity of 3000, two auditoriums, an on campus college dispensary, National Cadet Corps and National Service Scheme regional centres, alumni centre, common rooms for both girls and boys, Central Computing Facility, Central Computerised Library, Central Workshop. A new auditorium named "Jashan" has recently been constructed from the donation made by one of its alumni. The institute also served as the transit campus of Indian Institute of Information Technology, Design and Manufacturing, Jabalpur.
Central Library.
Jabalpur Engineering College houses one of the oldest and the largest technical libraries in India having more than one lac ten thousand volumes of books on science and technology including physics, chemistry, mathematics, civil engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, computer science, electronics and industrial engineering. The library also has books on humanities, competitive exam preparation, management and social sciences. The institute also subscribes to more than 23,000 journals and e-journals. The library has 40 computers and 2 servers for online access.
Training and Placement Cell.
The Training & Placement Cell which was established in 1970s invites companies that offer jobs to the students. More than 70 companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro, Infosys, Syntel, Zensar, Mahindra Satyam, Globallogic, Persistent Systems, Perot Systems, Schneider Electric, Young Entrepreneurs Solutions, Vedanta Resources, Bharat Oman Refinery (BPCL), Sapient Corporation, Larsen & Toubro, Hexaware Technologies, Eaton Corporation, Ispat Industries Ltd, Reliance Energy, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bharat Aluminium Company, Kool Interactive, Kragos Technologies, Skore Software, Unitech Group, Hughes Communications, JMC Projects, Eaton, Visa Inc., Profile Construction, Energy Infratech, Kalpataru Power Transmission, Hindustan Petroleum, Reliance Industries, Management 200 R&P, HeidelbergCement, HCP-CAIRN, Hindalco, Tata Power, Nokia Siemens, Anglo-Eastern Group, TCIL, Essar Energy, BSES Rajdhani Power, Cummins, Rajya Sadak Vikas, Satna Cement, Paladion Networks, Tech Brivo, KEC International, Moser Baer, Essar, Reliance Power, Headstrong, DB Power, United Bank of India, Tata AutoCorp Systems Ltd., MphasiS, JK Tyres, Bharti Enterprises, Indian Army, Sterlite, Indian Navy, Vijay Electricals Ltd, Fluor Daniel India Ltd, Microsoft, Avantha Power, Soma Enterprises, Amdocs, Samsung Electronics, Coastal Projects visit the campus every year.
Extra-Curricular Activities (Technical, Cultural and Sports).
The college annually organizes a national level technical cum cultural fest named as “Aureole” which means the light behind the darkness. “Audy” is being introduced as the mascot of this fest created by the college students.
Notable alumni.
Despite of an engineering education, the alumni have chosen diverse fields varying across business, arts, politics, social service, civil services, civic administration, banking and finance, research & development, management, defence, law enforcement, judiciary and academia, among many others. Besides, they have excelled at various spheres of engineering such as information technology, telecommunications, armaments, automobile, aerospace & aeronautics, biomedical, atomic & civil nuclear research, manufacturing, power generation, robotics & artificial intelligence, construction, irrigation, etc. and occupy a number of senior executive positions in India and abroad. Some notable alumni of the institute include:

</doc>
<doc id="21607504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607504" title="EU-Russia Centre">
EU-Russia Centre

The EU-Russia Centre is an independent information and expertise resource for anyone interested in modern Russia, its democratic status and the future of EU-Russia relations.
Mission.
It seeks to promote closer ties between the EU and Russia, to develop ideas about the future of the relationship, and to ensure that both sides adhere to international standards concerning the key elements of a civil society such as democracy, human rights and an independent judiciary.
EU-Russia Business Forum.
In 2008, the EU-Russia Business Forum was established to bring together a small number of business representatives alongside key influencers from across the EU and Russia. This group helps define the terms of the new strategic relationship between the EU and Russia and interact with those that shape that relationship. It uses dialogue, debate and study to help both partners to adjust to new challenges and opportunities, to identify their common interests and to minimise actual or potential misunderstandings.
Founding Board.
The EU-Russia Centre Founding Board is made up of four highly experienced European political figures:
President: Lord Ashdown (Paddy Ashdown), former leader of the UK’s Liberal Democrat party, and most recently the EU’s special representative in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
Dr Günter Burghardt, former EU ambassador to the United States following a 30-year career at senior levels of the European Commission, latterly as director general for external relations from 1993 to 2000 
Pat Cox, President of the European Movement and former president of the European Parliament. 
Heidi Hautala, a Finnish MP (Green Party) and former MEP until 2003 with a particular interest in EU and Russian affairs.
As founding members of the EU-Russia Centre, they provide strategic advice and insights into EU-Russia relations, speak on behalf of the Centre and represent its priorities to the EU institutions, European and Russian governments, the media and other policy makers. 
Centre Director, Dr Fraser Cameron, a former EU diplomat and adviser, leads the Centre’s day-to-day activities, supported by Secretary General, Maria Ordzhonikidze.
Advisory Board Members and Support Group.
Since its launch in May 2006, the EU-Russia Centre has established an advisory board of leading experts from a number of disciplines and countries ranging from Foreign Affairs to International Law. Its members are active as speakers, conference and panel participants and authors.
Activity.
The EU-Russia Centre has a lively and informative website that regularly publishes articles by commentators such as George Bovt, Russian independent journalist and political observer, regular contributor to The Moscow Times and gazeta.ru, Dr Fraser Cameron, Centre Director, Olena Prystayko. Address www.eu-russiacentre.org
The EU-Russia Centre also publishes Reviews and research regularly throughout the year among the most recent: Review VIII Russian Foreign Policy, Review VII Voices from Russia II, Review VI Russia and the Rule of Law. These can be downloaded at http://www.eu-russiacentre.org/reviews

</doc>
<doc id="21607542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607542" title="Dick Attreau">
Dick Attreau

Richard Gilbert "Dick" Attreau (April 8, 1897 – July 5, 1964) was a Major League Baseball player. He played from to with the Philadelphia Phillies. Attreau batted and threw left-handed.
He was born and died in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="21607547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607547" title="Minuscule 222">
Minuscule 222

Minuscule 222 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A404 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on paper. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 14th century. The manuscript has no complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 346 paper leaves (size ), with some lacunae (Matthew 1:1-6:19; John 14:2-16:4; 16:7-fin). It is written in one column per page, 24-32 lines per page.
It contains a commentary (Victor's in Mark).
Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The manuscript was brought by Busbecq from Constantinople (along with Minuscule 123 and 221). C. R. Gregory saw it in 1887. 
It is currently housed at the Austrian National Library (Theol. Gr. 180), at Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21607557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607557" title="Vítor Pontes">
Vítor Pontes

Vítor Manuel Pereira Pontes (born 16 August 1958) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a current manager.
Football career.
Born in Leiria, Pontes started his professional career with local União Desportiva. However, during his 18 years as a senior, he played almost exclusively as a backup, only appearing in seven first division games during his career: five for O Elvas Clube Alentejano de Desportos in the 1987–88 season, and two for C.D. Nacional in two years combined.
After retiring in 1994 at age 36 with lowly A.D. Guarda (third level), Pontes began immediately working as a goalkeeper coach with his first club, also going to serve there as an assistant manager.
He then coached Leiria's first team for two full seasons after a brief interim spell in 2002, subsequently signing with Vitória de Guimarães for the 2005–06 campaign and being one of two managers in a season which ended in top division relegation – the other was Jaime Pacheco.
In 2007 Pontes signed with second level side Portimonense SC, and remained there two seasons. On 8 September 2011, after two years out of the managerial scene, he returned to active and União de Leiria, replacing fired Pedro Caixinha. His first game in charge was a 1–0 away win against S.C. Beira-Mar, but he left his post after only one more match, however.
In September 2012, Pontes took over at FC Chibuto in Mozambique.
Other ventures.
After leaving Portimonense, Pontes worked as a football pundit for Sport TV, in the channel's domestic and UEFA Champions League coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="21607561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607561" title="National Children's Wind Sinfonia of Great Britain">
National Children's Wind Sinfonia of Great Britain

The National Children's Wind Sinfonia of Great Britain (NCWS) is the most junior of the national-level wind ensembles in Great Britain. Most players aspire to join the National Youth Wind Ensemble of Great Britain when they are older and more experienced. The aim of this group is to gain experience and to partake in the "sheer joy of music" 
History.
NCWO was formed as a stepping-stone to the National Children's Wind Orchestra of Great Britain and similarly to this group there is no compromise on difficulty of music for the age of performers.
it is one of the only Children's Ensembles in the country to offer the experience of the level of music and of the was in which the more senior National groups work. The standard required of the children to apply for audition is Grade 5 and they must be over the age of 10, and usually under 14.

</doc>
<doc id="21607589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607589" title="SDM Law College">
SDM Law College

History.
Shri Kshetra Dharmasthala is not only a great pilgrimage centre of South India but also a unique embodiment of Dharma. It represents religious tolerance wherein the caste, creed and faith of pilgrims is no bar. The temple complex is also known for its 'Annadana' (Donation of food), 'Vastradana' (Donation of clothes), 'Aushadhana' (Donation of medicines), Rural development and social service.
Dharmastala is also famous for its dispute resolution system. Many family and disputes, which were unable to be resolved even by the courts, have been successfully resolved by Hegdeji, by way of mediation. People in the locality consider him as 'Nadedaduva Manjunatha', i.e. Walking God.
Rev. Dr. D.Veerendra Heggade succeeded to the Heggadeship in 1968. Since then the activities of Kshetra and Shri Dharmasthala Manjunateshwara Educational Trust have increased many-fold. Shri Dharmasthala Manjunatheshwara Law College, is one of the varied educational institutions run by the society. People call Dharmastala as a Court of God. They sing "Illide ellara nyayalaya, bhaktara hrudayada devaalaya", devotees of Dharmastala believe that if they experience any injustice, it would be resolved, if they appeal Lord Manjunatha. Heggadeji started the Law College in the year 1974, with an intention to give legal knowledge to the people of the locality. SDM Law College was initially affiliated to Mysore University and since 1980, the college had been affiliated to the Mangalore University and currently is under the affiliation of the Karnataka State Law University. The college is recognised by the Bar Council of India.
In 1974 the college commenced under the Mysore University. The responsibility of starting this new institution was efficiently handled by the then Principal Prof. N. J. Kadamba and in the beginning it started functioning in Besant women's college.
Within a span of 2 years the Management constructed a new building with all the necessary infrastructure at a very prominent location. The new building was inaugurated by the then Judge of Supreme Court of India, Hon'ble Mr. Justice K.S. Hegde. The responsibility of starting this new institution was efficiently handled by the then Principal Prof. N. J. Kadamba and in the beginning it started functioning in Besant Women's College.
Courses.
S.D.M. Law College offers need based curriculum developed by studying trends set by the University Grants Commission (India) and Bar Council of India. It is periodically reviewed and enriched by the feed back of various stake holders. The institution has grown in stature to become one of the premier institution in the State of Karnataka imparting high quality legal education in India, through its various programmes like LL.B (both 3 years and 5 years), LL.M in Business and Trade Law, Certificate Course in Cyber Law and Post Graduate Diploma in Labour and Service Laws. All courses are offered under the banner of Karnataka State Law University, Hubli.
Facilities.
SDM Law college has every potential to be rated as one of the top law colleges in India, with well-trained and highly qualified teaching faculty, vast and technologically updated library with a good collection of law books and journals, well-planned academic curriculum, and extensive practical training to the students. Though located in a district center, SDM has reputed visiting faculty. Guest lectures and seminars being organised by SDM have been outstanding.
Ranging from former President of India Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam to Justice Santosh Hegde, SDM has provided its students with the opportunity to listen to the most talented brains of India.
Extra Curricular.
Be it the law fests or cultural fests, one name that you hear in the locality is SDM Law college, not only by the participation, but by organising different events. Basically SDMLC conducts 3 major events in a year. All India Moot Court Competition, Samskruti - a cultural fest, and Yakshotsava - a competition for college students in Yakshagana, the performing Art of the coastal karnataka.
SDM has a unique credit in its name, by successfully conducting All India Moot Court Competition,in 2006 October, when there was widespread communal violence and Curfew was declared in the Mangalore city. 26 teams from different parts of the country took part in the event, and the competition was judged by reputed judges of the high court of karnataka, and many well-known advocates. SDM Law College also hosts "Victoria Iuris", an annual national-level law fest.
SDM sends its budding lawyers to different moot court competitions, including the reputed Bar Council of India moot, every year. Selection process to different moots will be done by conducting a college level moot court competition at the beginning of the academic year. Students of SDM have won several titles in all India moots, and also became successful lawyers in their career.
SDM also has active NSS, NCC and Rotaract units, Moot Court soicety and a Legal Aid Clinic.
Web site of the SDM Law College is: http://sdmlc.ac.in
Achievements.
S.D.M. Law College was rated Top 5 among the unaided private law colleges of India by The Times Of India SDM students have been grabbing the majority of ranks declared by the mangalore university, every year. SDM has been ranked B++ by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), which is the highest grading given to the private law colleges in karnataka.
Alumni.
SDM has contributed many legal luminaries, scholars, politicians and academicians to the country. Justice Antony Dominic of the Kerala High Court, State Minister in the Government of Karnataka Mr. U.T. Khader are the alumni of SDM Law College.

</doc>
<doc id="21607594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607594" title="Richard Yeo">
Richard Yeo

Richard Yeo RA (ca 1720–1779) was a British medalist and Chief Engraver at the Royal Mint, in which capacity he supplied patterns for the guinea and five guinea coins of George III. He was a founding member of the Royal Academy of Art, and appears in the group portrait by John Zoffany.
Life.
Yeo first came to public notice in 1746, when he produced the official medal for the battle of Culloden, In the same year he issued, by subscription, another Culloden medal, its reverse showing, the Duke of Cumberland as Hercules trampling upon Discord. Before producing these medals Yeo had engraved a seal with the head of the Duke of Cumberland, drawn from life.
In 1749 he was appointed assistant engraver to the Royal Mint, and in 1775 succeeded John Sigismund Tanner as chief engraver, a post he held until his death in 1779. 
He was a member of the Incorporated Society of Artists in 1760, and a founding member of the Royal Academy of Art, appearing in the group portrait by John Zoffany. He exhibited at the academy in 1769 and 1770. In the first year he showed a plaster cast of a seal, engraved in steel, for the Marquis of Granby, and three impressions in sealing wax from engravings on gems. In 1770 he showed a proof of his five guinea piece.
His small collection of coins and medals was sold by auction in February 1780, along with his graving tools and colours for painting, which included what the catalogue called "a quantity of his very curious and much esteemed lake"
Medals engraved.
He also made two prize medals for Winchester College, and two of the metal admission tickets for Vauxhall Gardens are signed by him. Several other Vauxhall tickets have been attributed to him, one dating to May 1733.

</doc>
<doc id="21607618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607618" title="Minuscule 223">
Minuscule 223

Minuscule 223 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 263 (Von Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 14th-century. Formerly it was labeled by 223a and 277p.
Scrivener labelled it by 220a and 264p.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts, Pauline, and Catholic epistles on 376 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae (first leaves in 2 Corinthians with 1:1-3, Ephesians with 1:1-4, and Hebrews with 1:1-6). The text is written in one column per page, 22-23 lines per page, on fine vellum with broad margins. Titles in gold, initial letters ornamented, brilliantly illuminated.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. 
It contains double prolegomena, Journeys and death of Paul, tables of the (to the Acts), lectionary markings at the margin, liturgical books with hagiographies (Synaxarion, Menologion), and subscriptions at the end of each biblical book. The illuminations are given before each book.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
The manuscript was written by Antonius, a monk. According to the colophon the manuscript was written by Antonios of Malaka in 1244. Dating of the manuscript is problematic, possibly the colophon was not inserted by original scribe. It was examined by Scrivener and Gregory (1883).
Formerly it was labeled by 223a and 277p. In 1908 C. R. Gregory gave number 223 for it.
It is currently housed at the University of Michigan Library (Ms. 34), at Ann Arbor, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21607622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607622" title="Charlotte of Albret">
Charlotte of Albret

Charlotte of Albret, "suo jure" Dame de Châlus, Duchess of Valentinois (1480 – 11 March 1514), also known as Charlotte d'Albret, was a wealthy French noblewoman of the Albret family. She was the sister of King John III of Navarre, and the wife of the notorious Cesare Borgia whom she married in 1499. She was the mother of his only legitimate child, Louise Borgia to whom she acted as regent following the death of Cesare.
Family.
Charlotte was born in 1480, the daughter of Alain I of Albret, Lord of Albret, and Françoise of Châtillon-Limoges. Her paternal grandparents were Jean I d'Albret and Charlotte de Rohan, and her maternal grandparents were Guillaume de Blois, Viscount of Limoges and Isabelle de La Tour d'Auvergne, daughter of Bertrand V de La Tour, Count of Auvergne and Boulogne, and Jacquette du Peschin. Her paternal great-great-grandfather was Charles d'Albret, Constable of France, who was killed while commanding the French troops at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415. She had six siblings including John d'Albret who became King of Navarre upon his marriage to Catherine of Navarre.
Marriage to Cesare Borgia.
On 10 May 1499, at the age of 19 at Blois, she married Cesare Borgia, the notorious illegitimate son of Pope Alexander VI Borgia and Vannozza dei Cattanei of the Savoyard House of Candia. He had recently been created Duke of Valentinois by King Louis XII of France. His sister was the renowned Lucrezia Borgia. The marriage was political, arranged with the purpose of strengthening Cesare's alliance with France. Shortly after the wedding, Cesare accompanied King Louis in his invasion of Italy.
Charlotte was described as having been "beautiful and rich". In 1504, she became the owner of the properties of Feusines, Néret, and La Motte-Feuilly.
Cesare and Charlotte together had one daughter:
Cesare had at least eleven illegitimate children by various mistresses.
After escaping from a Spanish prison, Cesare died at the siege of Viana on 12 March 1507 in the service of Charlotte's brother, the King of Navarre with whom he had sought refuge. Following his death, Charlotte acted as regent for their only daughter, Louise, who had succeeded her father as the "suo jure" Duchess of Valentinois. Almost seven years after Cesare's death, on 11 March 1514, at the Chateau of La Motte-Feuilly, Charlotte died. She was buried in the convent of the Annonciades at Bourges.
As of the 21st century, there are many living descendants of Cesare Borgia and Charlotte of Albret, including Prince Sixtus Henry of Bourbon-Parma.

</doc>
<doc id="21607627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607627" title="Heráclito Fontoura Sobral Pinto">
Heráclito Fontoura Sobral Pinto

Heráclito Fontoura Sobral Pinto (November 5, 1893 Barbacena – Rio de Janeiro, November 30, 1991) was a Brazilian lawyer known for his human rights activism and devout Catholicism. He strongly opposed dictator Getúlio Vargas and worked against Brazil's later military regime following the military coup of 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="21607628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607628" title="Andrey Tatarinov">
Andrey Tatarinov

Andrey Alexeyevich Tatarinov (; born 1 January 1951) is a Russian career diplomat and ambassador who since 20 September 2003 holds the diplomatic rank Minister Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the First Class.
Tatarinov entered the Department of Vietnamese Linguistics at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1968 and graduated in 1973, after which he entered the diplomatic corps of the Soviet Ministry of Foreign Affairs, serving in numerous posts abroad and in the central offices of the Ministry.
His first posting saw him taking up a position at the Soviet embassy in Vietnam, where he was posted from 1973 to 1977. He returned to Moscow and worked in the Department of Vietnam Affairs in the Soviet Foreign Ministry, until 1982 when he was again posted to Hanoi as First Secretary at the Soviet embassy, and stayed in Hanoi until 1988. In 1992, Tatarinov was appointed as Minister-Counsellor at the Russian embassy to Thailand, and held this position until 1997, when he was transferred back to Moscow and became Deputy-Director of the Personnel Department of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Tatarinov's first ambassadorial appointment came on 9 April 2001 when he was appointed by then-President of Russia Vladimir Putin as Russia's ambassador to Vietnam, a post he held from May 2001 until early 2004. On 8 March 2005, he was awarded the Medal of Friendship by the government of Vietnam in recognition of his contribution to Russia–Vietnam relations.
From January 2004 to December 2007, he was Deputy Director of the Department of ASEAN Member States and Common Asian Problems at the Foreign Affairs Ministry, and from 2004 he was also the Special Representative of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Russia on ASEAN Member States and South Pacific Countries, a position he holds to the current day.
On 11 September 2008, President Dmitry Medvedev appointed Tatarinov as Ambassador of Russia to New Zealand, with concurrent accreditation to Samoa, and extended his accreditation to Tonga on 26 September 2008. He presented his credentials to Anand Satyanand, the Governor-General of New Zealand, on 12 November 2008, and to Tuiatua Tupua Tamasese Efi, the O le Ao o le Malo of Samoa on 5 February 2009.
Tatarinov speaks Russian, English, French and Vietnamese.

</doc>
<doc id="21607632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607632" title="Bernd Schulz">
Bernd Schulz

Bernd Schulz (born February 12, 1960) is a German former footballer. Schulz began his career with Berliner FC Dynamo, and was part of the all-conquering team of the 1980s. He won nine consecutive East German titles, and two Cups between 1979 and 1989. He also won three caps for East Germany in 1984 and 1985, scoring one goal. He ended his career in 1993, having played for SG Bergmann-Borsig and Union Berlin.
Schulz was at the centre of controversy in 1986, when, in the 95th minute of the championship-deciding game against Lokomotive Leipzig, he earned questionable penalty kick after a challenge by Leipzig's Hans Richter. This led to the referee, Bernd Stumpf, receiving a ban, a rarity in East German football.

</doc>
<doc id="21607649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607649" title="Nevele Pride">
Nevele Pride

Nevele Pride (1965 - February 19, 1993) was an American standardbred harness racehorse who set world records as fastest trotter on multiple occasions. Owned by Stanley Dancer, Nevil Pride won 57 races and was honored as Harness Horse of the Year in three consecutive years. The horse earned more than $870,000 during his racing career.
Nevele Pride was the son of Star's Pride and Thankful. Dancer first saw Nevele Pride in 1966 on a farm in Pennsylvania when he was as a yearling. He bought the horse for $20,000. The horse was co-owned by Nevele Acres and Louis Resnick of Ellenville, New York. Nevele Pride enjoyed hot dogs, beer and cigarettes, which he would eat and not smoke.
Having already won that year's Hambletonian and the Yonkers Futurity, on October 4, 1968, Nevele Pride won both heats of the Kentucky Futurity in identical times of 1:57 in the one-mile distance to win the Triple Crown of Harness Racing for Trotters, With Snow Speed in second and Larengo in third in both heats. The times set a world record by a trotter for two heats by a horse of any age.
Nevele Pride won the $88,000 Realization Trot at Roosevelt Raceway on August 2, 1969 by five lengths, setting a world record in the 1 mile distance of 2:07.4, breaking the previous record of 2:08:6 set on the same track in 1966 by Perfect Freight. Dancer led Nevele Dancer from the gate in the six-horse field, paying $2.40 to win to the many in the crowd of nearly 40,000 fans. 
Using three thoroughbred horses to maintain his pace, Dancer broke the record for the mile distance by a harness horse, riding the track at the Indiana State Fairgrounds on August 31, 1969 in a time of 1:54, in front of a crowd of 12,000. The three prompters were driven by Del Miller, Billy Haughton and Vernon Dancer. The time broke the record of 1:55¼ held by Greyhound and set in a time trial at The Red Mile in Lexington, Kentucky on September 29, 1938.
Nevele Pride retired in ceremonies held on October 17, 1969 at Monticello Raceway, the site of his 57th win in 67 starts when he won by 6½ lengths on September 27. His $871,738 in earnings placed him third in harness racing history behind the French horse Roquepine with $956, 161 and Su Mac Lad's $885,095. Norman S. Woolworth of New Canaan, Connecticut led a 20-person syndicate that purchased the rights to the horse for $3 million, a record for a standardbred stallion. After his retirement, Nevele Pride was shipped to Stoner Creek Stud in Paris, Kentucky.
His foal Nevele Thunder was syndicated for a record $1.5 million in 1975, setting a record for a 2-year old harness horse. The horse was purchased by Nevele Holiday Stable, a group led by Stanley Dancer. The horse had won 18 of 21 races by the time of his purchase.
Nevele Pride died on February 19, 1993 in Lexington, KY and was laid to rest at Stoner Creek Stud, alongside the great pacing sire Meadow Skipper and the Thoroughbred champion Count Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="21607702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607702" title="Lee Jamieson">
Lee Jamieson

Lee Jamieson (born 14 December 1977), is an English author, journalist and lecturer.
Biography.
Jamieson graduated with a first-class BA honours degree from DeMontfort University and a MA with Distinction from University of Warwick. Jamieson wrote his MA thesis on Antonin Artaud, his favorite theatre practitioner.
After a period of developing and implementing community arts workshops, he took a lecturing post at Stratford-upon-Avon College and qualified as a lecturer from University of Warwick.
As a theatre writer, he has written books about the playwrights Antonin Artaud and Harold Pinter and is the journalist responsible for the Shakespeare pages of About.com.
As a journalist, his subjects include business and travel writing.
Personal life.
Prior to his writing Lee was the singer in late 90s Bedford Art Rock band Absolon.
Jamieson married Vicki Jamieson in Stratford-upon-Avon in 2004. Following a year living and working in Larnaca, Cyprus Lee and Vicki returned to Stratford for the birth of their first child, Elliott, in 2009.
Bibliography.
Books by Lee Jamieson
Selected Articles by Lee Jamieson

</doc>
<doc id="21607715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607715" title="Minuscule 224">
Minuscule 224

Minuscule 224 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1212 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains only the text of the Gospel of Matthew, on 97 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, but without references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the table of the ("table of contents") before the Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical reading), synaxaria, Menologion, and subscriptions at the end of the Gospel.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
According to Gregory the manuscript was written in Calabria. In 1716 it was in Naples and belonged to Eusebius Caraccioli. It was examined by Treschow and Alter. Alter used it in his edition of the Greek text of the New Testament. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1887.
Formerly it was held at the Imperial Library at Vienna (Suppl. Gr. 97). It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Nazionale (Cod. Neapol. ex Vind. 10), at Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="21607719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607719" title="Koreno nad Horjulom">
Koreno nad Horjulom

Koreno nad Horjulom is a settlement in the hills north of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Koreno" to "Koreno nad Horjulom" in 1953.
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saints Hermagoras and Fortunatus and belongs to the Parish of Horjul.

</doc>
<doc id="21607724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607724" title="I Keep Thinking It's Tuesday">
I Keep Thinking It's Tuesday

"I Keep Thinking It's Tuesday" is the 1987 album by Doctor and the Medics.
Track listing.
Side one.
All songs written by Doctor/McGuire/Searle/West/Ritchie.
Side two.
All songs written by Doctor/Searle/West/Ritchie, except * written by Dennis Linde

</doc>
<doc id="21607729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607729" title="Belgan">
Belgan

Belgan is a town in Bolangir district, Odisha, India.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 197 m from MSL.
Location.
National Highway 201 passes through Belgan.

</doc>
<doc id="21607739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607739" title="I Love You (2005 Indian film)">
I Love You (2005 Indian film)

I Love You (), is a 2005 Oriya film directed by Hara Patnaik.
This film is a remake of 1999 blockbuster Tamil film "Thulladha Manamum Thullum" which starred Vijay and Simran in lead roles.
Cast.
Main Cast.
Produced by: Sanjaya Nayak
Choreographey By: Madhusudan Barik

</doc>
<doc id="21607767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607767" title="Lac Miroir">
Lac Miroir

Lac Miroir is a lake in Hautes-Alpes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21607768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607768" title="Lac Vert (Lesponne)">
Lac Vert (Lesponne)

Lac Vert is a small lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of , its surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="21607772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607772" title="Lake Guerlédan">
Lake Guerlédan

Lake Guerlédan is an artificial lake in the centre of Brittany, France. It extends across the borders of the departments of Morbihan and Côtes-d'Armor, within the communes of Saint-Aignan, Morbihan and Mûr-de-Bretagne. At an elevation of 121 m, its surface area is 4 km². Lake Guerlédan is the largest artificial lake in Brittany.
This Lake was created to power the dam of Guerlédan. Construction took seven years from 1923 to 1930, and encountered many geological, technical and financial difficulties. The creation of the lake and especially that of the dam cut the through the Nantes-Brest canal which from this location, followed the course of the river Blavet. Seventeen of the old locks on the canal were submerged in the Lake. Lake Guerlédan is now a tourist attraction, offering various watersports, walks and panoramic views.
During World War II, the Breton nationalist architect James Bouillé advocated a radical plan to build a new Breton capital city on the shores of Lake Guerlédan, to be called "Brittia". Bouillé believed this could be a "Celtic Brasilia".
Beginning in 1951, the Lake was regularly drained every ten years, revealing a hidden landscape of submerged locks and buildings. Modern technology has rendered this draining unnecessary.

</doc>
<doc id="21607779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607779" title="Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Hungary attempted to enter the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, the first time the country tried to enter the Eurovision Song Contest. However, as Hungary was one of seven countries who wished to join the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in 1993, a pre-selection was held for the first time to reduce this number to three countries who would compete in the final of the Contest in May, held in Millstreet, Ireland.
Hungary's first entry was Andrea Szulák, selected by Magyar Televízió (MTV) to compete at the pre-selection with "Árva reggel".
At Kvalifikacija za Millstreet.
With the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the disintegration of Yugoslavia many new countries were created who became interested in competing in the Eurovision Song Contest. With this large influx of countries the European Broadcasting Union were forced to create a new measure to counter overcrowding in the contest. For the 1993 Contest the EBU decided to hold a one-off countest to select three countries to join the 22 countries already competing in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The Kvalifikacija za Millstreet (Qualification for Millstreet) contest was held in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 3 April at the TV studios of Slovene broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTV SLO). Seven countries in total competed, including Hungary, for a place in the final on 15 May 1993. Szulák performed fourth, following Estonia and preceding Romania. She received 44 points, placing 6th in the line-up, and failing to qualify to the grand final in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21607805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607805" title="1984 Livingston Open">
1984 Livingston Open

The 1984 Livingston Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1984 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Newark Academy in Livingston, New Jersey in the United States from July 30 through August 6, 1984. Johan Kriek won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21607816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607816" title="Beburos">
Beburos

Beburos is an angel mentioned in the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra whose name was revealed to Esdras as one of the nine angels who will govern "at the end of the world." The nine angels mentioned are Michael, Gabriel, Uriel, Raphael, Gabuthelon, Aker, Arphugitonos, Beburos, and Zebuleon. Beburos is not considered an archangel and is a non-canonical figure.

</doc>
<doc id="21607818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607818" title="Lac Noir (Vosges)">
Lac Noir (Vosges)

Lac Noir is a lake in Orbey, Alsace, France. At an elevation of 955 m, its surface area is 0.14 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607829" title="Lac de Kruth-Wildenstein">
Lac de Kruth-Wildenstein

Lac de Kruth-Wildenstein is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 545 m, its surface area is 0.81 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607833" title="Diane Barron">
Diane Barron

Diane Barron is a professional ballroom dancer and dance teacher. She now teaches ballroom dancing in Bristol.
Diane started dancing in 1953, and turned professional in 1962, reaching the finals of the British Championships a number of times. In her early years she trained with Frank and Peggy Spencer, before moving on to teach at the Spencers' school in Penge.
Diane was the president of the British Association of Teachers of Dance from 2001 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21607838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607838" title="Lac des Minimes">
Lac des Minimes

Lac des Minimes is a lake in Paris, France. Its surface area is 0.06 km²

</doc>
<doc id="21607843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607843" title="Foundation school (medical)">
Foundation school (medical)

Foundation schools bring together medical schools, the local deanery, trusts 
(acute, mental health and PCTs) and other organisations (e.g. hospices) to 
offer foundation doctors training in a range of different settings and clinical 
environments in order to complete the Foundation Programme. The schools are administered by a centrally located group of staff members which is supported by the deanery.

</doc>
<doc id="21607850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607850" title="Lac de Gravelle">
Lac de Gravelle

Lac de Gravelle is a lake in Paris, France. At an elevation of 70 m, its surface area is 0.01 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607856" title="Zebuleon">
Zebuleon

Zebuleon is an angel mentioned in the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra whose name was revealed to Esdras as one of the nine angels who will govern "at the end of the world." The nine angels mentioned are: Michael, Gabriel, Uriel, Raphael, Gabuthelon, Aker, Arphugitonos, Beburos, and Zebuleon. Zebuleon is not considered an archangel and is a non-canonical figure.

</doc>
<doc id="21607864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607864" title="2010 PDC World Darts Championship">
2010 PDC World Darts Championship

The 2010 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship was the 17th World Championship organised by the Professional Darts Corporation since it separated from the British Darts Organisation.
Phil Taylor gained the title with a 7-3 victory over Simon Whitlock, defending successfully his title from the 2009 tournament.
Raymond van Barneveld recorded the second nine dart finish in the history of the tournament in his second round match against Brendan Dolan.
The event took place from 18 December 2009 until 3 January 2010 – albeit with two breaks in between for Christmas and New Year. The tournament was held for the third time at London's Alexandra Palace.
Format and qualifiers.
The televised stages featured 72 players, an increase of 2 from last year. The top 32 players in the PDC Order of Merit on 1 December 2009 were seeded for the tournament. They were joined by the 16 highest non qualified players in the Players Championship Order of Merit from events played on the PDC Pro Tour.
1-32
Pro Tour
These 48 players were joined by 24 international players: the 4 highest names in the European Order of Merit not already qualified, the 3 highest names in the North American Order of Merit not already qualified and 15 further international qualifiers to be determined by the PDC and PDPA. Some of the players, such as the 4 from the European Order of Merit, the top 2 Americans, and Australian players are entered straight into the first round, while others, having won qualifying events in their countries, were entered into the preliminary round.
European Order of Merit
North American Order of Merit
International Qualifiers
International qualifying.
The international contingent for the championship have qualified through various means, detailed here:
Prize money.
The 2010 World Championship featured a prize fund of £1,000,000 - a rise of £260,000 on the previous year, to become darts' first £1 million tournament. All rounds featured more money compared to 2009, and also sees a £10,000 highest checkout prize being to make the fund go up to a million.
In addition, the losing semi-finalists contested a third place play off match on the same night as the Final, played for an extra £20,000 "winner takes all" pot on top of the £40,000 they both already received for being losing semi finalists. Therefore third place won £60,000, and fourth place £40,000 - both an increase from last years £30,000 for the losing semi finalists.
The prize money is allocated as follows:
Draw.
Preliminary round.
The preliminary round draw was made on 29 November, and the format is best of 7 legs.
Last 64.
The first round draw was made live on Sky Sports News on 7 December, and was conducted by Rod Harrington and Eric Bristow.
Scores after player's names are three-dart averages (total points scored divided by darts thrown and multiplied by 3)
Television coverage.
As they have done for every PDC World Darts Championship, Sky Sports broadcast all 72 matches live in high-definition, in the UK. Dave Clark presented the coverage with analysis from Rod Harrington and Eric Bristow. They also commentated on matches along with Sid Waddell, John Gwynne, Dave Lanning, Nigel Pearson, Rod Studd and Stuart Pyke. Interviews were either handled by Clark, Bristow or Studd.
Technical Elements.
Technical crew are supplied by Yorkshire based company, Sports Event Services Limited with Mark Leak heading up their crew and assuming the role of Stage Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="21607868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607868" title="Lac de Saint-Mandé">
Lac de Saint-Mandé

Lac de Saint-Mandé is a lake in Paris, France. Its surface area is 0.4 km²

</doc>
<doc id="21607874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607874" title="Lac Daumesnil">
Lac Daumesnil

Lac Daumesnil is a lake in Paris, France. Its surface area is 0.12 km²

</doc>
<doc id="21607878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607878" title="Feel.Love.Thinking.Of">
Feel.Love.Thinking.Of

Feel.Love.Thinking.Of. is an album by Faunts. It is their third album and was released on February 17, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21607887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607887" title="1985 Livingston Open">
1985 Livingston Open

The 1985 Livingston Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Newark Academy in Livingston, New Jersey in the United States from July 22 through July 29, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21607888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607888" title="Lac Blanc (Chamonix)">
Lac Blanc (Chamonix)

Lac Blanc is a lake in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc, Haute-Savoie, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21607895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607895" title="Lesno Brdo, Horjul">
Lesno Brdo, Horjul

Lesno Brdo is a settlement in the Municipality of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. A small part of the settlement is in the neighbouring Municipality of Vrhnika.
Church.
The local church is built in the Horjul side of the settlement and is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary. It belongs to the Parish of Vrhnika and stands below Ferjan Hill (). It was first mentioned in written sources in 1526. The keystone over the entryway bears the year 1542 and the interior furnishings date from the 18th century.
Cultural heritage.
In addition to the Church of the Assumption, several other structures in Lesno Brdo have protected cultural monument status:

</doc>
<doc id="21607896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607896" title="Lac de Madine">
Lac de Madine

Lac de Madine is a lake at the border between Meurthe-et-Moselle and Meuse departments, France. At an elevation of 240 m, its surface area is 11 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607897" title="Charles Hayden">
Charles Hayden

Charles Hayden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21607907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607907" title="Lac Bleu de Lesponne">
Lac Bleu de Lesponne

Lac Bleu de Lesponne is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1977 m, its surface area is 0.51 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607915" title="Yoni Bloch">
Yoni Bloch

Yoni Bloch (; born August 11, 1981) is an Israeli musician, song writer, composer, rock singer and hi-tech entrepreneur.
Early life.
Bloch grew up in Beersheba and at the age of 17 moved with his family to Lehavim. He started taking piano lessons when he was 6 years old, taught himself to play the guitar and the drums, and at 14 started to write songs and to compose music. 
His artistic journey started on the website Bama Hadasha ("new stage"), which allows aspiring artists to publish their work in the fields of prose, poetry, plastic arts, music, etc. The daughter of the chairman of the record company NMC heard Bloch's songs on the site and introduced the music to her father. In a short while, Bloch's songs were heard in the radio. Today, he is a very successful musician and his songs receive major airtime in Israel.
Albums.
His first album "Ulay Ze Ani" ("Maybe It's Me") was released in 2004. Most of the songs were published earlier in the website Bama Hadasha. The musical style of the album is melodic rock, and the songs moved from rhythmical songs to calm and quiet ones. The songs were written in a humorous ambiance, which was expressed either in the lyrics or in the melody. Most of the songs were written by Barak Feldman and composed by Bloch. 
Bloch also wrote songs for TV shows, TV realities and plays.
In June 2007 Bloch released his second album "Hergelim Rayym" ("Bad Habits"). Also in this album there's his cover to the ballad "Annabel-Lee" written by Edgar Allan Poe, and was translated to Hebrew by Ze'ev Jabotinsky.
Bloch was a guest judge on the 5th season of the Israeli version of American Idol - "Kochav Nolad".
On November 19, 2008 Bloch released his third album "Al Mi Ani Oved" ("Who am I fooling"), and attached to it a movie that is made of clips to all the songs of the album. In the movie Bloch dies from a broken heart. The album was written after a hard break up of Bloch and his unknown girlfriend, in most of the songs at first there's a tranquil atmosphere and towards the end it becomes a rock song.
Discography.
- The album contains the single "Makir Oto", 'מכיר אותו' ("Know Him") among others.
- The album contains the singles "Achraiut", 'אחריות' ("Responsibility"), "Nof Acher", 'נוף אחר' ("Different View"), "Siba La'azov", 'סיבה לעזוב' ("Reason to Leave") and the title track.
- The album contains the singles "Ahava Rechoka", 'אהבה רחוקה' ("Distant Love") and "Hakin'a" ("Jealousy").
Startup.
Yoni is also the founder and CEO of Interlude, a technology startup developing interactive video technology that turns passive, linear videos into user-directed, multi-path stories.

</doc>
<doc id="21607919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607919" title="Lac d'Arredoun">
Lac d'Arredoun

Lac d'Arredoun is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2326 m, its surface area is 0.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607922" title="Snoqualmie Lake">
Snoqualmie Lake

Snoqualmie Lake is a lake in King County, Washington. It is an expansion of the Taylor River and is located a short distance downstream from Deer Lake. It is the largest of the three lakes along the upper reaches of the Taylor.
The lake can be accessed by hiking up the Snoqualmie Lake Trail which starts 0.2 miles from the end of the Taylor River Trail. The trail is steep with several washouts. The trail first reaches the lake at the outlet and continues along its shore to the other end and eventually continues on to Deer Lake. 
The Taylor River, after exiting the lake is said to drop over a farly large waterfall as it plunges down a headwall to the bottom of the valley. The trail is said to pass a small portion of the falls.

</doc>
<doc id="21607928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607928" title="Lac de Caderolles">
Lac de Caderolles

Lac de Caderolles (also known as Lac de la Mane) is a lake near Bagnères-de-Bigorre in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1988 m, its surface area is 0.014 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607947" title="Laquet de Greziolles">
Laquet de Greziolles

Laquet de Gréziolles is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2119 m, its surface area is 0.017 km².
In the neighbourhoud of the larger lac de Gréziollles, it is accessible by the GR 10 C footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="21607956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607956" title="Lac d'Aygue Rouye">
Lac d'Aygue Rouye

Lac d'Aygue Rouye is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1595 m, its surface area is 0.01 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607958" title="Breachway">
Breachway

A breachway is defined as the shore along a channel. Today the term is used to describe the whole area around where a channel meets the ocean. The Rhode Island coastline has many breachways on its map. Today's permanent breachways have rock jetties that line the sides of the channel to protect against erosion or closing of the waterway. The water channels usually lead to salt water ponds.

</doc>
<doc id="21607963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607963" title="1986 Livingston Open">
1986 Livingston Open

The 1986 Livingston Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Newark Academy in Livingston, New Jersey in the United States from July 21 through July 28, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21607968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607968" title="Lac du Campana">
Lac du Campana

Lac du Campana is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2225 m, its surface area is 0.08 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607975" title="List of Norwegian magazines">
List of Norwegian magazines

The following is a list of Norwegian magazines, listed by circulation in 2007, according to the Norwegian Media Businesses' Association. The list contains only weekly magazines, and is limited to the top twenty.

</doc>
<doc id="21607981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607981" title="Lac Vert (Vosges)">
Lac Vert (Vosges)

Lac Vert is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 1044 m, its surface area is 0.072 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21607993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607993" title="Gibson Kamau Kuria">
Gibson Kamau Kuria

Gibson Kamau Kuria (Born 3 March 1947 in Mahiga Location, Othaya Division, Nyeri District) is a Kenyan lawyer and a recipient of the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for 1988. 
Early education.
Gibson Kamau Kuria started his formal education at Mahiga Intermediate School from 1954-1961 before going on to high school at Kagumo High School from 1962-1967.
Higher education.
Dr. Kuria graduated in March 1971 with a Bachelor of Laws degree (Upper Division)at the then University of East Africa, University College, Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania. He then pursued a Bachelor of Civil Law at the Oxford University. He was awarded the Doctorate of Laws by Lewis & Clark Law School, Oregon, USA because of his human rights work.
Career.
In May 1971 Dr. Kuria was appointed a Tutorial Fellow in the Faculty of Law, University of Nairobi where he taught Law and carried out research between then and September 1972 and 1975. In 1974 he was Appointed Lecturer, Faculty of Law, by the University of Nairobi, where he taught Law and researched between 1974 and 26 February 1987 when he was arrested and detained without trial until 12 December 1987; publishing articles on the rule of law, legal education, legal profession, human rights, and family law, In 1975 he started legal activism with a few practicing lawyers in the Kenya bar; including Paul Muite; former Attorney-General of Kenya Amos Wako, and two other attorneys.
Since 1975, Dr. Kuria has published many articles on constitutionalism, rule of law, human rights, legal education, family law, and succession in such scholarly journals as The East African Law Journal. During this time he also represented Wanyiri Kihoro, against the State over violations against Human Rights committed against Mr Kihoro whilst in detention in the famous Nyayo House torture chambers. he was arrested and spent time detained without charge at Naivasha Maximum Security Prison for his involvement in the case whilst his partner in his law firm Kiraitu Murungi was forced into exile.
In July 1995 he was elected Secretary General, East Africa Law Society. In this capacity, Dr. Kuria devised programs for promoting regional integration with a view to establishing an East African federal state to be served by a Federal bar Association and published two articles on how to establish an East African federal state and enforce a Bill of Rights. He served in that position until April 1998.Between 1997 and 1998; Dr. Kuria served as the vice-Chairman of the Law Society of Kenya, rising to chairman from March 1999 to 2001. This bar association has been in the forefront in the struggle to restore constitutionalism, On 22 February 2003 he was appointed by the President a member of a tribunal to enquire into allegations of the Chief Justice's inability to discharge the functions of his office; the CJ resigned about a week after the setting up of the commission. On 28 March 2003, Dr. Kuria was appointed by the President to serve as assisting counsel in the commission to enquire into the Goldenberg scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="21607997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607997" title="Lac du Barbat">
Lac du Barbat

Lac du Barbat is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21607999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21607999" title="Jarun Bridge">
Jarun Bridge

Jarun Bridge () is a planned bridge that will cross the Sava River in Zagreb, the capital of Croatia. The bridge will be located in the western part of the city, Trešnjevka near Lake Jarun. 
The city of Zagreb organized a tender for the design of the Jarun bridge in 2006. , the construction of the bridge has not started.

</doc>
<doc id="21608003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608003" title="Lac de Souliers">
Lac de Souliers

Lac de Souliers is a lake in Hautes-Alpes, France.
It is located in the commune of Château-Ville-Vieille, under the Col d'Izoard.

</doc>
<doc id="21608014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608014" title="Irina Grudzinskaya">
Irina Grudzinskaya

Irina Aleksandrovna Grudzinskaya (1920–2011) was a Russian botanist who specialized in phanerogams, at one stage working in Cuba. Grudzinskaya trained at the Derkul Experimental Station of the Institute of Forestry, Academy of Science. She died in St Petersburg in 2011. In celebration of her 90th year, an article appeared in the "Botanicheskii Zhurnal", which included a portrait and bibliography. 

</doc>
<doc id="21608022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608022" title="Lac de Saint-Cassien">
Lac de Saint-Cassien

Lac de Saint-Cassien is a lake in Var, France. At an elevation of 147 m, its surface area is 3.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608034" title="Lac de Melu">
Lac de Melu

Lac de Melu is a lake in Corsica, France. At an elevation of 1710 m, its surface area is 0.065 km².
It is close to Lac de Capitellu, in the commune of Corte.

</doc>
<doc id="21608045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608045" title="Lac d'Hourtin-Carcans">
Lac d'Hourtin-Carcans

Lac d'Hourtin-Carcans is a lake in Gironde, France. It is the largest lake situated entirely in France. It lies at an elevation of 14 m (46 ft), and has a surface area of 56.67 km² (21.88 sq. miles).

</doc>
<doc id="21608052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608052" title="Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Slovakia first attempted to enter the Eurovision Song Contest in 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland, but were unsuccessful in qualifying.
Slovenská Televízia (STV), the Slovakian broadacter, selected Slovakian band Elán to represent them for the first time in Eurovision Song Contest history. The song that represented Slovakia in Kvalifikacija za Millstreet was "Amnestia na neveru" ("Amnesty to infidelity").
At Kvalifikacija za Millstreet.
In the early 1990s Europe went through many political and geographical changes due to the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the disintegration of Yugoslavia. This caused problems for the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) who didn't want to see the contest expand so rapidly. The EBU's solution was to introduce a one-off contest called Kvalifikacija za Millstreet to help select three additional countries to perform at the 1993 Contest to be held on 15 May. 
The independently recognised countries of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Estonia, Hungary, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia, took part at the Kvalifikacija za Millstreet which was held at the RTV SLO Broadcasting Centre in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 3 April 1993. Slovakia performed 7th in the running order, following Slovenia. Elán received 50 points for their song and performance, placing 4th, thereby failing to qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="21608059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608059" title="Lac de la Lauch">
Lac de la Lauch

Lac de la Lauch is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of , its surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="21608067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608067" title="1987 Livingston Open">
1987 Livingston Open

The 1987 Livingston Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Newark Academy in Livingston, New Jersey in the United States from July 13 through July 20, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21608069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608069" title="Lac du Ballon">
Lac du Ballon

Lac du Ballon is a reservoir in Haut-Rhin, France. It's situated in a side valley of florival, on the slope of Grand Ballon mountain. At an elevation of 988 m, its surface area is 0.08 km².
The small glacial lake was enlarged by a dam on the moraine already in the 16th century. In 1699, Vauban had it refurbished to supply canals for the building of Neuf-Brisach. The remainders of this dam were destroyed by flooding in 1740 and 1778.
In 1869, manufacturers dug a gallery to the lake bottom to increase the usable water height. Until 1955, the rock ground became leaky.
1966–1968 the lake was tightened, the dam heightened again, with a flood spillway at the left end. The old gallery was backfilled, a new bottom outlet with a valve tower built.
In 2000, the dam and the lake shore were masoned, the dam top fixed with concrete.
The lake provides fresh water supply and flood protection for the Lauch valley and the town of Guebwiller.

</doc>
<doc id="21608080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608080" title="Lac de Michelbach">
Lac de Michelbach

Lac de Michelbach is a lake in Michelbach, Haut-Rhin, France. The reservoir serves as water supply for the city of Strasbourg. Located at an elevation of , its surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="21608093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608093" title="Beverly Sanders">
Beverly Sanders

Beverly Sanders (born September 2, 1940) is an American actress, comedian, and voice artist. She was born in Hollywood, California.
Career.
Sanders studied acting in New York with Lee Strasberg's Actor Studio. Married to a studio bass musician, Beverly's adopted daughter is named Laura.
Sanders, who often plays the stereotypical blonde and nice moms and girlfriends to the stars, especially on TV, occasionally supported both Mary Tyler Moore and Valerie Harper in their respective sitcoms and in several TV movies with Moore.
She also starred in her own one-woman show on stage entitled "Yes Sir, That's My Baby" in the late 90s. She began writing the play after taking a UCLA writing class. The show details her failure to conceive a baby at 40+ years of age, and then the later frustrations of the adoption process. 
Sanders, who has appeared in over 300 commercials, is best recognized as the ever-pleasant Louise in the Arm & Hammer Baking Soda spokesperson for nearly a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="21608096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608096" title="Lac des Perches">
Lac des Perches

Lac des Perches is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 984 m, its surface area is 0.044 km². It is located on the Alsatian side of the Vosges Mountains in the municipality of Rimbach-près-Masevaux.
It is a Glacial Lake that was dammed in the 16th Century to provide power to forges and to textile mills.

</doc>
<doc id="21608097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608097" title="Charles Hayden (banker)">
Charles Hayden (banker)

Charles Hayden (July 8, 1870 – January 8, 1937) was an American financier and philanthropist. He was the senior partner of Hayden, Stone & Co. and his influence was such that James W. Gerard listed him among those "who are too busy to hold political office, but determine who shall." Noted contributions bearing his name include the Hayden Planetarium in New York, the Charles Hayden Planetarium at Boston's Museum of Science, and the Charles Hayden Foundation. Instrumental in the financing of Arizona copper mines and smelters, the smelting community of Hayden, Arizona was named for him.
Background.
Hayden was born in Boston, Massachusetts to Josiah Willard and Emma A. (Tirrill) Hayden. His father was a shoe and leather merchant and he was educated in the public schools before enrolling at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Hayden studied mining investment and graduated in 1890. Following graduation, he traveled for a year before taking a position as clerk with the Boston bank of Clark, Ward, & Co.
Hayden was a bachelor his entire life and lived at the Savoy-Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. His hobbies included steeplechase and bridge.
Career.
In 1892, Hayden joined with fellow Clark, Ward, & Co. clerk Galen L. Stone to open Hayden, Stone & Co. Hayden gained a reputation for quick decisions and mastery of the brokerage business. Foreseeing the needs of electrification, Hayden made his fortune by investing in copper mining. The new investment firm prospered, expanding from its Boston base to open a New York City branch in 1906.
In addition to his brokerage firm, Hayden was involved in other business operations. During his lifetime he was appointed director to 89 companies, and held 58 directorships at the time of his death.
Philanthropy.
Hayden was involved with philanthropy most of his life. During the First World War, he donated US$100,000 per year to the American Red Cross. He later became interested in helping youth and in 1926 was revealed to have anonymously donated US$100,000 to establish an uptown New York City branch of the Boys Club. This was followed in 1933 when, at the request of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, Hayden chaired the Boy Scout Maintenance Fund for the Boy Scouts of America.
In addition to youth, Hayden routinely donated to aid the poor. In 1934, he donated US$150,000 to New York's American Museum of Natural History for creation of a planetarium which was named after him. This was followed the next year when he headed a committee which raised $9,440,000 to save New York's charitable hospitals.
Hayden is also notable for his donations to Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, New Jersey. The campus is home to a residence hall which bears his name.
Hayden's largest philanthropic effort came following his death on January 8, 1937 when his will directed roughly US$50,000,000 from his estate be used to create a foundation to advance the education and "moral, mental, and physical well-being" of boys and young men. The Charles Hayden Foundation makes grants of between US$10,000,000 and US$20,000,000 annually to support programs for children in the Boston and New York metropolitan areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21608114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608114" title="Lac de Maury">
Lac de Maury

Lac de Maury (also known as Lac de la Selves) is a lake in Aveyron, France. At an elevation of 590 m, its surface area is 1.66 km².
The Lac de Maury lies in the communes of Saint-Amans-des-Cots, Florentin-la-Capelle, Montpeyroux, Entraygues-sur-Truyère and Campouriez.

</doc>
<doc id="21608117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608117" title="Île-des-Chênes North Stars">
Île-des-Chênes North Stars

The Île-des-Chênes North Stars were a Canadian senior ice hockey team based out of Ile des Chenes, Manitoba and former Allan Cup champions.
History.
Longtime members of the now-defunct Hanover-Tache Hockey League, the Île-des-Chênes North Stars later played as an independent team under the jurisdiction of Hockey Manitoba.
The North Stars made their first Allan Cup appearance at the 2003 Allan Cup in Dundas, Ontario, where they captured the national championship. A member of this team was former National Hockey League player Pat Falloon.
In 2006, the North Stars relocated to Brandon, Manitoba for one season. This was followed by three seasons playing out of the T.G. Smith Centre in Steinbach, Manitoba, where they hosted the 2009 Allan Cup. The Steinbach North Stars roster that season included former NHL players Theoren Fleury and Greg Hawgood.
In 2010, the North Stars returned to Île-des-Chênes and attempted to qualify for the 2011 Allan Cup, but lost to their local rivals, the South East Prairie Thunder, in the provincial playdowns. The North Stars folded after the 2010-2011 season.
The 2003 Allan Cup championship team was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21608120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608120" title="Lac de Biscarrosse et de Parentis">
Lac de Biscarrosse et de Parentis

Lac de Biscarrosse et de Parentis is a lake in Landes, France. At an elevation of 19 m, its surface area is 35.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608130" title="Sabri al-Asali">
Sabri al-Asali

Sabri al-Asali (; 1903 – 13 April 1976) was a Syrian politician and a three-time prime minister of Syria. He also served as vice-president of the United Arab Republic in 1958.
Early life.
Al-Asali was born into a wealthy landowning family in Damascus. His uncle, Shukri al-Asali, was a prominent national leader, and a deputy in the Ottoman Parliament. Shukri al-Asali and a number of other nationalist leaders were executed in Damascus and Beirut by the Ottoman "wāli", Jamal Pasha, on 6 May 1916.
Sabri al-Asali attended Damascus University and graduated with a law degree in 1925. That same year the Great Syrian Revolt against the French occupation erupted, and al-Asali participated in the uprising by helping smuggle arms and supplies to the Syrian fighters in the Ghouta area. Following the suppression of the revolt, al-Asali was exiled by the French authorities to Saudi Arabia where he became a special advisor to the Saudi King Abd al-Aziz, alongside another exiled Syrian leader, Shukri al-Quwatli.
Political career.
French Mandate.
Al-Asali and Quwatli returned to Syria in 1932 following a general amnesty. In 1933 al-Asali, along with a number of influential Arab thinkers, became a founding member and general-secretary of the League of National Action, with the aim of countering European colonial influence. Other founding members included the historian and professor Constantin Zureiq, the philosopher Zaki al-Arsuzi and the politician Muhsin al-Barazi. The League was very successful in Syria and Lebanon, and called for the abolition of the French and British mandates and the economic integration of Arab countries.
In 1936 Quwatli invited al-Asali to join the National Bloc, an umbrella group that led the political struggle against the French occupation. Al-Asali ran for parliament as a member of the Bloc and won a seat in the 1936 elections, and again in 1943, 1947, 1954, and 1962. Al-Asali served as minister of interior in the cabinet of Faris al-Khoury, and later he became minister of justice and education. In the cabinet of Saadallah al-Jabiri that was formed in October 1945, al-Asali again held the portfolios of justice and education. Al-Asali was part of the Syrian delegation that attended the founding of the Arab League in Cairo in 1945.
Independence.
Syria regained its independence in April 1946, and al-Jabiri formed the first cabinet in post-occupation Syria, appointing al-Asali as minister of interior where he served until November 1946. When the National Bloc split into to form two competing parties, the National Party and the People's Party, al-Asali joined Quwatli's National Party and led its opposition to the Hashemite influence in Syria.
In 1948 al-Asali was again appointed the interior portfolio by Prime Minister Jamil Mardam Bey. His term was marred by domestic unrest resulting from the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Al-Asali used a hardline approach and cracked down on the opposition. Many leading socialists were arrested on his orders, including Michel Aflaq of the Baath Party, whose arrest prompted dissent inside the cabinet and the resignation of Lutfi al-Haffar, Mardam Bey's deputy. As the turmoil spread further, al-Asali deployed the army in the streets. He became very unpopular and only narrowly survived several attempts on his life in 1948. In 1949 Chief of Staff Husni al-Za'im led a military coup that overthrew the Quwatli regime. Al-Asali, along with most of Quwatli's associates, was arrested. He remained under house arrest until al-Za'im's regime was overthrown by another military coup. Under the military regime of Adib Shishakli, al-Asali allied himself with former president Hashim al-Atassi and conspired to bring down the Shishakli regime, and restore a civilian administration to Syria.
Premiership.
The Shishakli regime was overthrown by a military coup in 1954. Al-Atassi was elected president and he asked al-Asali to form a cabinet. His tenure saw the assassination of Colonel Adnan al-Malki, the deputy-chief of staff, by a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP). The "Malki affair" caused outrage in the military. Al-Asali appointed Abdel Hamid al-Sarraj to lead an official tribunal which identified the SSNP with backing of the United States as the main culprits. The SSNP was outlawed and its entire leadership was arrested. During his first term as prime minister, al-Asali allied himself with the strong military, which secured him a second term in 1956.
Nasserism.
Al-Asali spearheaded the Nasserist movement in Syria following the 1956 Suez Crisis, and Nasserist officials and army officers were promoted during his tenure. He was credited with convincing Quwatli, another pro-Nasser leader, to run for president again in 1955. Quwatli appointed al-Asali as his first prime minister after taking office. In January 1958 he appointed socialist leader Salah al-Din al-Bitar as foreign minister and tasked him with negotiating a full union between Egypt and Syria. President al-Quwatli and al-Asali travelled to Cairo to finalize the agreement and announced the United Arab Republic, under the leadership of Gamal Abd al-Nasser, on 1 February 1958. Al-Asali was appointed vice-president by Nasser the following day.
In 1959 released documents from 1951 appeared to link him with the Iraqi government. His opponents accused him of receiving illicit funds and forced him to resign. In 1960 Al-Asali joined the Syrian opposition to the Nasser regime and accused Nasser of establishing dictatorial rule in Syria. He supported the 1961 coup d'état that ended the union and signed the secession declaration.
Later years.
During the secession years al-Asali was elected to parliament but never served in any cabinet. Following the 1963 Baathi coup d'état, Sabri al-Asali, considered a collaborator with the secessionist regime, had his property confiscated and his civil rights revoked. He retired from public life and died in Damascus on 13 April 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21608133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608133" title="The Confessor (song)">
The Confessor (song)

"The Confessor" is a song by Joe Walsh that appeared on his 1985 album of the same name. It is the longest song on the album clocking in at 7 minutes and 6 seconds, and it has two segments. The first segment is a slow acoustic intro, and Joe Walsh sings an introductory verse before the second segment, which is hard rock. After the slow introduction, the drums kick in, and Joe Walsh sings a couple more verses before the instrumental bridge section, where he plays his solos and riffs.
When Walsh toured Australia and the US, the song was on the set list.

</doc>
<doc id="21608135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608135" title="Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet">
Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet

Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet is a lake in Gironde, Landes, France. At an elevation of 12 m, its surface area is 55 km².
Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet is a tourist attraction and features an array of nautical sports.

</doc>
<doc id="21608136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608136" title="Alice Clere">
Alice Clere

Alice Clere (died 1538) was the daughter of Sir William Boleyn and his wife Margaret Ormond (otherwise Butler), the daughter and co-heiress of Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormond. Alice was thus the sister of Thomas Boleyn, 1st Earl of Wiltshire, and the aunt of King Henry VIII's second Queen, Anne Boleyn.
Life.
Alice married, as his second wife, Sir Robert Clere (c.1453 - 10 August 1529) of Ormesby St. Margaret, Norfolk, the son and heir of Robert Clere and his wife Elizabeth, the daughter and heiress of Thomas Uvedale.
In 1533, Alice and her sister, Anne Shelton née Boleyn, were placed in charge of the household of the King's daughter, Princess Mary. Alice was also a senior member of Princess Elizabeth's household while she was living at Hatfield Palace in Hertfordshire. It has been supposed that Lady Clere was the kinder of the two guardians appointed to Mary. Anne Shelton is believed to have been harsher.
Alice died on 1 November 1538, leaving a will dated 28 October 1538 which was proved 23 January 1539. Both she and her husband were buried at Ormesby St. Margaret.

</doc>
<doc id="21608149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608149" title="Ivanpah, California">
Ivanpah, California

Ivanpah is a populated place in the Mojave National Preserve in San Bernardino County, California. There are several residences in the area, but no real village.
Ivanpah is located on the bajada below the northeast side of the New York Mountains overlooking the broad Ivanpah Valley. The Ivanpah Mountains lie across the valley to the northwest.
Ivanpah is located at the crossing of Ivanpah Road and the Union Pacific Railroad, which was the Los Angeles & Pacific Railroad until 1921 when it was bought out by Union Pacific. There was once a general store located here.
The original name for this crossing was Leastalk. The California and Eastern Railroad crossed the LA&SL railroad at this location. The California and Eastern abandoned operations in 1911, with the tracks being pulled up some time later.

</doc>
<doc id="21608153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608153" title="Ljubgojna">
Ljubgojna

Ljubgojna is a settlement west of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
In the Second World War on 1 and 2 July 1942, the entire village was burned to the ground by the Italian occupying forces.

</doc>
<doc id="21608155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608155" title="Lac d'Issarlès">
Lac d'Issarlès

Lac d'Issarlès is a lake in Le Lac-d'Issarlès, Ardèche, France. At an elevation of 1000 m, its surface area is 0.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608159" title="John Graves (author)">
John Graves (author)

John Alexander Graves III (August 6, 1920 – July 31, 2013) was an American writer known for his book "Goodbye to a River".
Biography.
Early life.
As a child growing up in Fort Worth and at his grandfather's ranch in Cuero, Graves was keenly interested in the landscape around him. He graduated from Rice Institute (now Rice University) in 1942. He subsequently served as a captain in the Marine Corps during World War II, until being wounded by a Japanese grenade on the island of Saipan. After the war, he went to graduate school at Columbia University, receiving his master's degree in 1948. While still at Columbia, in 1947, he published the short story “Quarry” in The New Yorker; he continued to publish fiction in magazines through the 1950s.
Adult life.
Following an early marriage and divorce, he traveled widely, spending considerable time in Spain and the Canary Islands, but returned to Texas in 1957 to care for his father, who was gravely ill. According to the Southwestern Writers Collection, which holds many of Graves's papers, "In November of that year, Graves completed a three-week canoe trip down part of the Brazos River that he feared was about to be changed forever by dams. His narrative chronicle of the trip was first published as a magazine article in "Holiday", and later Graves added history, philosophy and folklore which resulted in his first major book, Goodbye to a River (1960). The book attracted national attention and critical praise for its original style. It won the Carr P. Collins Award of the Texas Institute of Letters in 1961 and was nominated for a National Book Award that year."[http://alkek.library.txstate.edu/swwc/archives/writers/graves.html]
In 1970, Graves and his family moved onto a property near Glen Rose, Texas that Graves had named Hard Scrabble. His writing about the farm and country life continued, with , published in 1974, and From a Limestone Ledge (1980). The latter, which collected essays that Graves had published in Texas Monthly magazine, was also nominated for a National Book Award.
Graves continued to write about the environment and about Texas. On July 31, 2013, he died at his home near Glen Rose, Texas, at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="21608163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608163" title="1988 Livingston Open">
1988 Livingston Open

The 1988 Livingston Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1988 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Newark Academy in Livingston, New Jersey in the United States from August 15 through August 22, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21608178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608178" title="Lac d'Ourrec">
Lac d'Ourrec

Lac d'Ourrec is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608187" title="Lac de Barroude">
Lac de Barroude

Lacs de Barroude are two lakes in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2355 m, the surface area of the largest is 0.094 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608193" title="Anat Cohen">
Anat Cohen

Anat Cohen is an Israeli jazz clarinetist, saxophonist and bandleader. 
Biography.
Cohen went to the United States in 1996. Her debut album, "Place & Time", was released in 2005 on Anzic Records. 
Cohen performs regularly and has appeared at a number of notable jazz festivals, including the Newport Jazz Festival, Montreal International Jazz Festival, Tudo É Jazz Festival and the North Sea Jazz Festival. Her latest record "Claroscuro" features Jason Lindner, Joe Martin and Daniel Freedman.
Awards.
In 2007 she won the awards for "Up and Coming Artist" and "Clarinetist of the Year" from the Jazz Journalists Association. She was also voted Clarinetist of the Year in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 and honored as "Multi-Reedist of The Year" in 2012 and 2013 by the Jazz Journalists Association She has received multiple citations in "Down Beat" magazine's annual critics and readers polls in multiple categories including top rankings for "Rising Star" in the tenor and soprano saxophone categories and "Clarinet" [http://www.downbeat.com/default.asp?sect=cpollindex. 
On 12 July 2013, she received the 2013 Paul Acket Award from the North Sea Jazz Festival in Rotterdam from the BNP Foundation.
Discography.
Solo
With The Anzic Orchestra
With The Choro Ensemble
With 3 Cohens
With Cyro Baptista

</doc>
<doc id="21608198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608198" title="Lac du Rotondu">
Lac du Rotondu

Lac du Rotondu () is a lake in Corsica, France. At an elevation of 2050 m, its surface area is 0.075 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608204" title="Chaim Janowski">
Chaim Janowski

Chaim (Chajkel) Janowski (ca. 1868, Wołkowysk – 10 January 1935, Tokyo) was a Polish chess master and organizer.
Born into a Jewish family in Wołkowysk (then Russian Empire), he was the younger brother of Dawid Janowski. He was educated in Łódź (then so called Congress Poland) where lived and played chess for many years. Chaim twice took fourth in 1897 and 1898 (Wiktor Abkin and Gersz Salwe won, successively), won followed by Samuel Rosenblatt, W. Abkin, Mojżesz Grawe, in 1899/1900, and took 3rd, probably behind Salwe and Akiba Rubinstein, in 1904/1905.
He was one of the founders of Music Association "Hazomir" in Łódź in 1901. Chaim Janowski became the second (after a Russian colonel Konstanty Manakin) president of the Łódź Chess Club ("Łódzkie Towarzystwo Zwolenników Gry Szachowej") in 1907-1912. In that time, he was an organiser of the fifth All-Russian Masters’ Tournament (1907/1908), and tournaments in which Frank James Marshall and Efim Bogoljubow participated.
After the First World War, he played in a team match Warsaw vs. Łódź (lost two games to Dawid Przepiórka) in 1922. Then, he went abroad and settled in Berlin. Later, together with his son, he moved to Japan. His wife, Hanna, a music school teacher, died in 1900 at the age of 26. He died in Tokyo and was buried in Yokohama, close to a small, local Jewish colony, in 1935. His son, Leon, became a professor of the Tokyo conservatoire.

</doc>
<doc id="21608206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608206" title="Joanna Sophia of Bavaria">
Joanna Sophia of Bavaria

Joanna Sophia of Bavaria (c. 1373 – 15 November 1410) was the youngest daughter of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria and his first wife Margaret of Brieg. She was a member of the House of Wittelsbach.
On 13 June 1395, Joanna Sophia married Albert IV, Duke of Austria in Vienna. The marriage between the two ended a feud between Joanna Sophia's father and Albert's father, Albert III of Austria. Joanna Sophia's father agreed to the payment of 10,000 Pfennige and he gave Albert III the fortress of Natternberg and the town of Deggendorf. 
The marriage produced two children; both of whom survived to adulthood. They were:
Albert would often quarrel with members of Joanna Sophia's family, such as their brother-in-law Wenceslaus, King of the Romans and his half-brother Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor. This ended only when Albert died in 1404. Joanna Sophia arranged marriages for her children. She made negotiations with Frederick, Duke of Bavaria, to marry her daughter, Margaret to his son, Henry XVI, Duke of Bavaria. Henry and Margaret married two years after Joanna Sophia's death.
Her son Albert married Elizabeth of Luxembourg, the only child of Emperor Sigismund.
Joanna Sophia died aged thirty-six or thirty-seven in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21608211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608211" title="Lac de l'Oriente">
Lac de l'Oriente

Lac de l'Oriente is a lake in Corsica, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608227" title="Lac du Cinto">
Lac du Cinto

Lac du Cinto is a lake in Corsica, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608236" title="1989 Livingston Open">
1989 Livingston Open

The 1989 Livingston Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at Newark Academy in Livingston, New Jersey in the United States from August 7 through August 14, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21608239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608239" title="Réservoir des Laquets">
Réservoir des Laquets

Réservoir des Laquets is a lake in Pyrénées, Hautes-Pyrénées, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608254" title="Lac de Lispach">
Lac de Lispach

Lac de Lispach is a lake in Vosges, France. At an elevation of 909 m, its surface area is 0.12 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608262" title="Lac des Truites">
Lac des Truites

Lac des Truites is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 1061 m, its surface area is 0.028 km². The name is a mistranslation of the German name "Forlenweier". Frenchifying the toponyms of Alsace, the French authorities misread "Forle" as diminutive of "Forelle" ("truite", trout) when in fact it is a diminutive of "Föhre" ("pin", pine). The lake has various names, and on maps can be seen as 'Lac des Truites", 'Lac du Forlet', or 'Lac Vert'. On its borders is a Ferme-auberge (Ferme-Auberge du Lac du Forlet) which is quite popular, especially when the weather is nice and warm. Many people from the Münster Valley then come to seek some coolness.

</doc>
<doc id="21608268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608268" title="Podolnica">
Podolnica

Podolnica is a village east of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church is built on a small hill west of the settlement and is dedicated to Saint Ulrich () and belongs to the Parish of Horjul. It originally had a defence wall around it to protect local people from Ottoman raids in the 15th century. The original church burnt down in the early 18th century and the current building was erected in 1751, using the stone from the redundant defence walls.

</doc>
<doc id="21608279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608279" title="1955 Major League Baseball All-Star Game">
1955 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 1955 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 22nd playing of the midsummer classic between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was held on July 12, 1955, at Milwaukee County Stadium in Milwaukee, Wisconsin the home of the Milwaukee Braves of the National League.
Summary.
The National League overcame a five-run deficit to defeat the American League, 6–5, in this edition of the midsummer classic. Stan Musial led off the bottom of the 12th inning by drilling a home run to deep right field on the first pitch he saw from Frank Sullivan, pulling off one of the greatest victories in All-Star Game history.
The National League began their comeback in the bottom of the seventh inning. Willie Mays led off the frame with a single off Whitey Ford, and after two outs, Hank Aaron walked and Johnny Logan singled to drive home Mays and make it a 5–1 game. Next batter Stan Lopata reached base on an error, and Aaron scored the second run off the inning before the third out was made.
With two outs in the eight inning, Mays, Ted Kluszewski and Randy Jackson hit consecutive singles for a run, and Ford was replaced by Sullivan. Aaron greeted him with an RBI single scoring Kluszewski to knot the game at 5–5.
The American League quickly took the lead in the top of the first inning when Harvey Kuenn and Nellie Fox hit consecutive singles against Robin Roberts, with Kuenn advancing to third base from first and later scoring on a wild pitch. Then Ted Williams walked and Mickey Mantle hit a three-run home run, before Roberts recorded his first out. In the sixth inning, Mickey Vernon grounded out to drive home Yogi Berra to give the American League a five-run cushion.
In the ninth inning, Joe Nuxhall and Sullivan matched strikeouts as the All-Star Game went into extra innings for only the second time since 1950, which turned out to be the first year the game went more than nine innings.
The contest remained tied until the top of the eleventh inning, when Gene Conley struck out all three batters he faced. Then came the walk-off of Musial, which was his fourth homer in All-Star games, breaking a tie with Ted Williams and Ralph Kiner.
It was the fifth victory for the National League in the last six All-Star games, even though the American League still leading the contest 13-9.
Rosters.
Players in "italics" have since been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
Line Score.
"Play-by-play at Retrosheet"

</doc>
<doc id="21608281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608281" title="PSL Players' Player of the Season">
PSL Players' Player of the Season

The PSL Players' Player of the Season in South African football is awarded to the most outstanding player of the season. The award is decided by a vote of all the active footballers in the PSL.

</doc>
<doc id="21608290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608290" title="Allocrine">
Allocrine

See also:
Pheromones

</doc>
<doc id="21608297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608297" title="Lac d'Artouste">
Lac d'Artouste

Lac d'Artouste is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 1997 m, its surface area is 0.56 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608302" title="Lac d'Arrious">
Lac d'Arrious

Lac d'Arrious is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 2285 m, its surface area is 0.025 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608317" title="Lacs de Batboucou">
Lacs de Batboucou

Lacs de Batboucou is a group of lakes in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 2093 m and 2099 m, its surface area is 0.02 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608322" title="Lac de Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle">
Lac de Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle

Lac de Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. Its surface area is 0.12 km²

</doc>
<doc id="21608334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608334" title="Hannah Idowu Dideolu Awolowo">
Hannah Idowu Dideolu Awolowo

Hannah Idowu Dideolu Awolowo ("née" Adelana), popularly known as HID, was born on November 25, 1915 to a modest family in the small Ikenne community of Ogun State in Nigeria. She is the widow of politician Obafemi Awolowo, who famously referred to her as his "jewel of inestimable value". A successful businesswoman and astute politician, she was the First Lady of the old Western Region. She played an active role in the politics of Western Nigeria. She stood in for her husband in the alliance formed between the NCNC and the AG, called the United Progressive Grand Alliance (UPGA), while he was in jail.
The plans were that she would contest the elections, and if she won, would step down for her husband in a bye-election. To fulfil his dream of becoming president in the Second Republic, she toured the length and breadth of the country with her husband campaigning. She also coordinated the women's wing of the party and was always present at all party caucuses. A successful businesswoman, she became the first Nigerian distributor for the Nigerian Tobacco Company (NTC) in 1957. She was the first to import lace materials and other textiles into Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="21608338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608338" title="Lac Bersau">
Lac Bersau

Lac Bersau is a lake in the Pyrénées, department Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 2083 m, its surface area is 0.125 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608346" title="Samotorica">
Samotorica

Samotorica is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Samotorica was first mentioned in written records in 1340 as "Zamatůrnicz" (and in 1489 as "Samotoritz" and "Samatoritz"). The name may be derived from the Slavic common noun "*samotvorъ" 'natural feature', referring to some striking landscape element, or perhaps from the hypothetical personal name "*Samotvor".
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Michael and belongs to the Parish of Horjul. It contains early 16th-century frescos and a painted wooden ceiling.

</doc>
<doc id="21608347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608347" title="Lac de Bious-Artigues">
Lac de Bious-Artigues

Lac de Bious-Artigues is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1416 m, its surface area is 0.326 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608358" title="Blasé">
Blasé

Blasé is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Europe in 1969 for the BYG Actuel label.
Track listing.
"All songs written and arranged by Shepp, except where noted."

</doc>
<doc id="21608362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608362" title="Lac de Castet">
Lac de Castet

Lac de Castet is a lake in Pyrénées, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 423 m, its surface area is 0.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608365" title="Lac de Fabrèges">
Lac de Fabrèges

Lac de Fabrèges is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 1241 m, its surface area is 0.54 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608376" title="Lac Gentau">
Lac Gentau

Lac Gentau is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1947 m, its surface area is 0.093 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608381" title="FC ASMC Sokhumi">
FC ASMC Sokhumi

ASMC Sokhumi is a Georgian football club. It was formed by IDP from Abkhazia, as Dinamo Sokhumi. It's named after the most successful club from Abkhaz ASSR, FC Dinamo Sokhumi.
From 2000-01 to 2004-05 season, the club played in the Regionuli Liga, but after the season, was invited to play in Umaglesi Liga 2005-06.
In 2006, the club changed its name to ASMC Sokhumi and played in Regionuli Liga 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="21608384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608384" title="Tran Truong Giang">
Tran Truong Giang

Trần Trường Giang (born on November 1, 1976) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a midfielder for Navibank Sài Gòn. He is a member of the Vietnam national football team from 2002 to 2009.
Achievement.
'"Binh Duong F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="21608385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608385" title="Lac d'Isabe">
Lac d'Isabe

Lac d'Isabe is a lake in Pyrénées, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 1925 m, its surface area is 0.073 km².
Lac d'Isabe is in the commune of Laruns, in Ossau Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="21608398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608398" title="Lac de Bareilles">
Lac de Bareilles

Lac de Bareilles is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. The lake can be reached by foot from the village of Bareilles in 30 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21608400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608400" title="Alix Pryde">
Alix Pryde

Dr Alexandra (Alix) Pryde runs the Vodafone Consumer Product and Innovation team in the UK. Alix was formerly a member of the senior BBC Management team, and prior to that worked as Business Development Manager for Ministry of Sound and the Wireless Group. She started her career with McKinsey as a Strategist and Business Analyst.
Education.
Alix Pryde completed a PhD in theoretical physics at Churchill College, Cambridge, after achieving a First in Physics at University College London. At Cambridge, she worked with Dr Martin Dove, her supervisor in the Department of Earth Sciences, on projects including Negative Thermal Expansion. Alix was also the President for the MCR while completing her PhD.
Career.
McKinsey.
Alix became a strategy consultant with McKinsey & Co, working on projects on broadcasting and the BBC. Alix is one of the authors of the McKinsey Quarterly report ‘Keeping Baywatch at Bay,’ which discusses whether public service broadcasters could fulfil their mission in the deregulated television environment. The report was written with Adrian D. Blake, Nicholas C. Lovegrove, and Toby Strauss.
Wireless Group.
After leaving McKinsey, Alix became Head of Development for The Wireless Group plc, working with CEO and former editor of The Sun, Kelvin MacKenzie. The group operated around 20 commercial radio stations in the United Kingdom, including national speech station talkSPORT (sold to UTV in June 2005).
Ministry of Sound.
Alix worked with David Campbell at the Ministry of Sound on a bid for an East Midlands regional radio license that was eventually won by Saga Radio Group.
BBC.
Alix joined BBC Radio & Music Strategy in 2001, covering the BBC national radio strategy (both digital and analogue). In 2003, Alix was promoted to Head of Strategy for BBC News and subsequently BBC Journalism, where she led the Creative Future Journalism project alongside Mark Byford, the deputy Director General. In 2007, she became Chief Adviser to Caroline Thomson, the BBC's Chief Operating Officer. Alix had an introduction to broadcasting at the BBC station for London GLR; she worked for Chris Evans on his Saturday morning show but only achieved the position of air recognition as “Chris Evans' tea-girl,” a role she claimed never to have undertaken as she doesn’t drink tea. She was appointed Controller of BBC Distribution in February 2009. In this role, Alix proposed a controversial scheme for DRM encryption of BBC content, which was the subject of a four-month investigation by Ofcom in early 2010.
Alix was appointed Director of BBC Distribution, in 2009, where she led the Distribution team, negotiating and managing contracts for broadcast distribution of the BBC's TV and radio services in the UK, overseeing the technical digital switchover, and advising on future broadcast distribution developments.
London Olympics 2012.
Alix was responsible for the distribution of all BBC coverage of the London 2012 Olympics across television and radio, with television distribution delivering over 2,500 hours of standard definition (SD) and high definition (HD) coverage during the 16 days of the London Olympics. This was supported by radio coverage on BBC Radio 5 Live and the DAB BBC 5 Live Extra, including the special event station, BBC 5 Live Olympic Extra. BBC coverage included distribution on BBC One, BBC Two and BBC Three, as well as the 24 SD and HD special Olympic channels accessed through Freesat, Virgin Media and BSkyB. Alix's team and BBC Distribution also enhanced television's ‘red button’ capabilities. The plan was to successfully maximise the UK viewing audience’s opportunities to follow every moment of every sport and every event, from every performance to every medal and from the opening ceremony to the last moments of the closing ceremony. The BBC's coverage of the London 2012 Olympics received positive reviews in the press, with particular regard to its depth and quality.
BBC HD channels expansion.
As Director of BBC Distribution, Alix was responsible for creating the strategy to expand the BBC's high definition offer. Her team ensured the delivery of five new BBC HD channels – BBC News, BBC Three, BBC Four, CBeebies and CBBC – by December 2013, adding to the existing BBC One and BBC Two HD channels. Tony Hall, the BBC's Director General, said, “This year, people will be able to watch even more of our programmes in brilliant quality. I am delighted that we're able to launch our new HD channels in time for Christmas, when families gather to enjoy some of the best TV from the BBC.” Writing on her blog, Alix said, “In July 2013, we confirmed our intention to launch our five new HD channels by early 2014. But we couldn't resist the possibility of being able to deliver these early, in time to give them to you for Christmas. It's said that launching a channel takes at least six months. We will have managed to launch five channels in five months. So I want to take this opportunity to say a huge thank you to the brilliant team of dedicated professionals, across the BBC, our suppliers and our platform partners, who have been pulling out all the stops to achieve this for our audiences.”
A new channel: BBC One +1.
In October 2013, it was announced by the BBC Director General, Lord Tony Hall, that BBC Distribution would be launching a BBC One+1 channel, adding to the bouquet of national, regional and local BBC radio and television channels across the United Kingdom for which Alix and her team were responsible. Alix's team were to provide a greater range and quality of BBC Channels than ever before. Lord Hall said audiences expected BBC Distribution to deliver a time shift service that would give people “more of what they've already paid for” as "BBC One… has to be the nation's favourite channel, and also its bravest.”
IBC 2013: 'What Caught My Eye'.
Alix was one of only three attendees to present a session at IBC 2013 entitled ‘What Caught My Eye,’ in which she showcased a new DVB technology that allows broadcasters to deliver 4K quality over the air using a terrestrial TB signal (4K TV). Alix used the session to urge Brussels (European Union) and all regulators not to ignore terrestrial broadcasting and its importance and value to consumers in the cost-efficient distribution of great programming and information. “People completely underestimate the heavy lifting that broadcast and terrestrial transmission can do. They think the future is mobile broadband, but they underestimate the amount of data we deliver to people’s homes. While we should look at different ways to deliver content, we would be fools not to invest in traditional broadcasting. Terrestrial is an incredibly well established technology and can carry thousands of times more traffic than mobile broadband.”
Radio Festival 2013.
Alix gave the keynote speech at TechCon at the start of the 2013 Radio Festival in Salford announcing that the BBC would add 162 new digital radio transmitters to improve UK-wide DAB coverage for its national network stations to more than 97%, reaching an extra 2.5 million people and improving coverage for millions of others. Alix said, “We’re not just building transmitters to bring new towns and villages into coverage; we’re also building ones to reinforce coverage in key areas. Glasgow, Liverpool, Oxford, Leicester, Coventry, and Eastbourne are all examples of places which will get improved coverage for many, as well as coverage for the first time for a few. When we’ve finished, around 49 in 50 people in the UK will be covered by our digital radio network.”
The John Logie Baird Lecture 2013.
On 3 October 2013, Alix spoke at the John Logie Baird Lecture, ‘Is the Set Top Box Dead?’ The lecture brought together leading international broadcast and television distribution and transmission experts to debate whether the television set top box is now irrelevant and on the scrap heap of consumer broadcast infrastructure thanks to the increasing use of online services in the home and on the move, as well as the delivery of content to all sorts of devices, from mobiles to IPTV platforms.
BBC Distribution is "good value for money".
In February 2014, the BBC Trust published an independent report by Mathew Horseman International Broadcast Consultants Mediatique on the cost, service and structures of delivering BBC visual and audio content to UK audiences. The report, on the BBC Distribution Team and Management led by Alix, concludes that the distribution service provides “good value for money” and also commented on the “routinely high calibre” of staff supporting distribution activities, as well as the clear approach that was in place to deal with future challenges in this area. The report also noted that the “corporation spent £233m in the last financial year distributing content to TV, radio and online audiences – a figure representing 6.5% of the licence fee. This was well below the 10% ceiling set by the BBC.” BBC Trust vice-chairman Diane Coyle said, 'This report shows that the BBC is doing just that while providing good value for money for licence fee payers, with arrangements in place to ensure that it continues to fulfil its distribution commitments in the future.” Alix said, “I’m really pleased that this independent review has commended the high calibre of BBC Distribution staff and the good value for money they deliver for licence fee payers. It shows the power of a multi-disciplinary team taking a holistic approach to get the best possible performance from our suppliers.”
BBC and BSkyB reach agreement over retransmission payments reduction to zero.
Alix’s team was key in the Spring 2014 negotiations to reduce the BBC’s payments to Sky for the re-transmission of BBC television and radio services to zero. This agreement negotiates a further saving of £4.5 million per annum after the 50% reduction from £10 million a year negotiated in 2011. The removal of fees sees BBC Distribution providing a continued saving for the BBC while adding services like the BBC HD platform and the announced BBC +1, to be launched in 2014.
Leaving the BBC.
In January 2014, Alix announced that she was leaving the BBC after 12 happy and successful years to run Vodafone’s Consumer Product Department. “We'll miss Alix a great deal,” admitted Peter Coles, the BBC’s Chief Technology Officer. “She's demonstrated superb commitment to the BBC's viewers and listeners, and to her team, and we'll miss her sense of fun. But at the same time, I'm really pleased for Alix, who has secured this exciting opportunity to develop her career with another global brand while doing what she excels at: launching new and enhanced services for consumers.
Vodafone.
In March 2014 Alix joined Vodafone to run the Consumer Product and Innovation Team in the UK.
Awards and Fellowships.
In 2008, Alix was named Shell's Media Woman of the Future; the judges said, “Alix is an incredibly multi-faceted individual whose achievements reflect her own diversity. Despite the pressure of her role, she has found the time to mentor other women who are embarking on a similar journey and who may otherwise fail to take that crucial first step.” Alix was one of Management Today's ‘35 under 35’ young businesswomen to watch again in 2008.
The Times (of London) named Alix in article titled ‘Why aren't these women in Britain's top boardrooms?’ (25 February 2011). The article argued that more women should be in Britain's business boardrooms, and then listed a number of top women it thought would be suitable, including Alix.
Alix was chosen as one of the finalists in the 2012 Every Woman in Technology Awards. (BBC Ariel - 10 February 2012)
In 2011, Alix was elected as a Fellow of the Institute of Physics, and is also a BBC performance coach.
Other Honours.
Finalist, Media category, First Woman Awards, 2012
Finalist, Technology category, Achievers Academy for Women Awards, 2012
'30 Under 30,' MediaWeek, 2003
MCR President, Churchill College, Cambridge, 1996
Top Physics Graduate, University of London, 1994
Top Graduate, University College London, 1994
Young Journalist of the Year, The Times, 1990
Personal life.
Alix lives in South London and is married with a son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21608407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608407" title="Castell Moel">
Castell Moel

Castell Moel is a 16th-century fortified manor house in Wales, founded by the Rede family. The castle stands on a plateau overlooking the River Towy, are the overgrown remains of a late medieval L-plan hall house. The main eastern block is a first floor hall and set in the re-entrant angle, is an adjoining high stair turret. The western block is a two-storey wing, with a porch and a cellar and the walls of the castle, once supported a crenellated parapet. 
Three miles north is Carmarthen Castle, and five miles south-west is Llansteffan Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="21608410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608410" title="Fischboedle">
Fischboedle

Fischboedle is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 794 m, its surface area is 0.0005 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608419" title="Thomas Burch (circuit rider)">
Thomas Burch (circuit rider)

Thomas Burch was an early nineteenth-century Methodist circuit rider in the United States and Canada.
Burch was born on August 30, 1778, in Tyrone County, Ireland to Thomas and Eleanor Burch. He was their eldest son. Burch's parents raised him in the Church of England. Burch converted to Methodism in 1801, after hearing sermons by Gideon Ousley. Soon afterwards, his mother and siblings converted to Methodism as well. His father was already deceased. They formed a Methodist Society in Tyrone County, which soon expanded to hundreds of members.
Burch travelled to the United States, arriving on June 5, 1803. He travelled there with his mother, sister and brother Robert. He settled in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, near Boehm's Chapel. Burch became active in the Methodist Church there, receiving a local preacher's licence in 1804, and being received on trial as a circuit rider by the annual Philadelphia Conference of 1805. After three years of circuit riding, Burch was promoted to the office of deacon and elder.
Within the Church, Burch came to be well respected. When the first delegated annual General Methodist conference was held in 1812, Burch was sent to represent the Philadelphia Conference. At the conference Burch was assigned to Quebec City. He managed to arrive there before the outbreak of the War of 1812. Nathan Bangs, who had been assigned to Montreal, was unable to fulfill his role there, and Burch covered both circuits, focusing on the more populated Montreal Circuit. Of those circuit riders assigned to the Canadas in 1812, only Burch and Robert Hibbard managed to get across the border, and Hibbard drowned in the Saint Lawrence River soonafter. Burch remained in this position for three years, as it was impossible to reassign circuit riders across the border during the war. Burch neglected his duties on the Quebec City Circuit in large part, travelling there only twice in his first year. During 1812 and 1813, membership in the Methodist Church in Quebec City dwindled from 40 individuals to 20.
After the war, Burch returned to the United States. He married Mary Smith, of Philadelphia, on May 25, 1816. Burch remained highly respected among his peers; he was chosen to attend the delegated conferences in 1820 and again in 1828. The couple had a son, Robert A. Burch, born August 4, 1832 in Albany, New York. Other children of the couple were Mary Eleanor, Sophia Gough, Thomas, Jane Sophia, and Anne Elisabeth. Burch continued circuit riding in the United States until 1835, when he was declared supernumerary due to illness. He returned to circuit riding in 1841, but retired again in 1845, as his wife had died the previous year. He retired to Yonkers, New York, where he remained until shortly before his death, when he went to live with his son, Thomas H. Burch, in Brooklyn. Burch died on August 22, 1849, of an heart ailment.

</doc>
<doc id="21608422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608422" title="Lac de Bourdouze">
Lac de Bourdouze

Lac de Bourdouze is a lake near Puy de Sancy in the Puy-de-Dôme department, France. At an elevation of 1168 m, its surface area is 0.15 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608428" title="History of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football">
History of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football

The beginning (1887–1917).
American football did not have an auspicious beginning at the University of Notre Dame. In their inaugural game on November 23, 1887 the Irish lost to Michigan by a score of 8–0. Their first win came in the final game of the 1888 season when the Irish defeated Harvard Prep by a score of 20–0. At the end of the 1888 season they had a record of 1–3 with all three losses being at the hands of Michigan by a combined score of 43–9. Between 1887 and 1899 Notre Dame compiled a record of 31 wins, 15 losses, and four ties against a diverse variety of opponents ranging from local high school teams to other universities.
At the beginning of the 20th century college football began to increase in popularity and became more standardized with the introduction of the Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States (IAAUS) in 1906. That organization would become the NCAA in 1910. Notre Dame continued its success during this time and achieved their first victory over Michigan in 1909 by the score of 11–3 after which Michigan refused to play Notre Dame again for 33 years. By the end of the 1912 season they had amassed a record of 108 wins, 31 losses, and 13 ties.
Jesse Harper became head coach in 1913 and remained so until he retired in 1917. During his tenure the Irish began playing only intercollegiate games and posted a record of 34 wins, 5 losses, and one tie. This period would also mark the beginning of the rivalry with Army and the continuation of rivalries with Michigan State.
In 1913, Notre Dame burst into the national consciousness and helped to transform the collegiate game in a single contest. In an effort to gain respect for a regionally successful but small-time Midwestern football program, Harper scheduled games in his first season with national powerhouses Texas, Penn State, and Army. On November 1, 1913, the Notre Dame squad stunned the Black Knights of the Hudson 35-13 in a game played at West Point. Led by quarterback Charlie "Gus" Dorais and end (soon to be legendary coach) Knute Rockne, the Notre Dame team attacked the Cadets with an offense that featured both the expected powerful running game but also long and accurate downfield forward passes from Dorais to Rockne.
This game has been miscredited as the "invention" of the forward pass but is considered the first major contest in which a team used the forward pass regularly throughout the game. (For example, Homer Woodson Hargiss regularly called the play for quarterback Arthur Schabinger at the College of Emporia as early as 1910.)
Rockne era (1918–1930).
Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918. Under Rockne the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties. During his 13 years the Irish won six national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as the "Four Horsemen". Knute Rockne has the highest win percentage (.881) in college football history.
Among the events that occurred during Rockne’s tenure none may be more famous than Rockne’s "Win one for the Gipper" speech. George "the Gipper" Gipp was a player on Rockne’s earlier teams who died of strep throat in 1920. Army came into the 1928 matchup undefeated and was the clear favorite. Notre Dame, on the other hand, was having their worst season under Rockne’s leadership and entered the game with a 4–2 record. At the end of the half Army was leading and looked to be in command of the game. Rockne entered the locker room and gave his account of Gipp’s final words: ""I've got to go, Rock. It's all right. I'm not afraid. Some time, Rock, when the team is up against it, when things are going wrong and the breaks are beating the boys, tell them to go in there with all they've got and win just one for the Gipper. I don't know where I'll be then, Rock. But I'll know about it, and I'll be happy."" The speech, although possibly fictional, inspired the team and they went on to upset Army and win the game 12–6.
The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame All Stars against the New York Giants in New York City. The game raised funds for the Mayor's Relief Committee for the Unemployed and Needy of the city. Fifty-thousand fans turned out to see the reunited "Four Horsemen" along with players from Rockne's other championship teams take the field against the pros. 
Rockne died in the plane crash of TWA Flight 599 in Kansas on March 31, 1931, while on his way to help in the production of the film "The Spirit of Notre Dame". The crash site, located in a remote expanse of Kansas known as the Flint Hills, now features a Rockne Memorial.
Rockne was the subject of the 1940 film "Knute Rockne, All American".
After Rockne (1931–1940).
Upon Rockne’s death Heartley "Hunk" Anderson took the helm of the Irish leading them to a record of 16 wins, 9 losses, and two ties. Anderson was a former Irish player under Rockne and was serving as an assistant coach at the time of Rockne's death.
Anderson resigned as Irish head coach in 1934 and was replaced by Elmer Layden, who was one of Rockne’s "Four Horsemen" in the 1920s. After graduating, Layden played professional football for one year and then began a coaching career. The Irish posted a record of 47 wins, 13 losses, and three ties in seven seasons under Layden, the most successful record of an ND coach not to win a national championship. He left Notre Dame after the 1940 season to become Commissioner of the National Football League (NFL).
Leahy era (1941–1953).
Frank Leahy was hired by Notre Dame to take over for Layden in 1941, and was another former Irish player who played during the Rockne Era. After graduating from Notre Dame, Leahy held several coaching positions, including line coach of the "Seven Blocks of Granite" of Fordham University that helped that team win all but two of their games between 1935 and 1937. He then coached the Boston College Eagles to a win in the 1941 Sugar Bowl and a share of the national championship. His move to Notre Dame began a new period of gridiron success for the Irish, and ensured Leahy's place among the winningest coaches in the history of college football.
Leahy coached the team for 11 seasons, from 1941 to 1943 and 1946 to 1953. He has the second highest winning percentage (.864) of any college coach in history. He led the Irish to a record of 87 wins, 11 losses, and 9 ties including 39 games without a loss (37–0–2), four national championships, and six undefeated seasons. A fifth national championship was lost because of a tie in 1953 against Iowa, in a game that caused a minor scandal at the time, when it appeared that some Irish players had faked injuries to stop the clock. Leahy retired in 1954 reportedly due to health reasons, although he later maintained that he left because he felt he wasn't wanted anymore.
From 1944 to 1945, Leahy served in the U.S. Navy and was honorably discharged as a Lieutenant. Ed McKeever, Leahy’s assistant coach, became interim head coach while Leahy was in the Navy. During his one year at the helm the Irish managed 8 wins and 2 losses. McKeever left Notre Dame in 1945 to take over as head coach of Cornell University. McKeever was replaced by Hugh Devore for the 1945 season and led the Irish to a 7-2-1 record.
After Leahy (1954–1963).
The departure of Leahy ushered in a downward slope in Notre Dame’s performance, referred to in various circles as a period of deemphasis. Terry Brennan was hired as the Notre Dame head coach in 1954 and would stay until 1958. He departed with a total of 32 wins and 18 losses. But note: the 32 wins included 17 in 1954 and 1955. From 1956 to 1958 his record was 15–15. Brennan was a former player under Leahy and before joining the Irish had coached the Mount Carmel High School team in Chicago, Illinois and later the freshman squad at Notre Dame. His first two seasons the Irish were ranked 4th and 9th respectively. However, in the light of what would follow those first seasons, some observers began to wonder if Brennan's early success owed more to the residual effects of Leahy's coaching on Brennan's first two cadres than it did to any notable brilliance of his own. It was the 1956 season that began to darken his reputation, for it became one of the most dismal in the team’s history and saw them finish the season with a mere 2 wins, including losses to Michigan State, Oklahoma, and Iowa. The Irish would recover the following season, posting a record of 7-3 and including in their wins a stunning upset of Oklahoma, in Norman, that ended the Sooners' still-standing record of 47 consecutive wins. In Brennan’s final season, though, the Irish finished 6-4. Brennan was fired in Mid-December and served as the conditioning coach for the Cincinnati Reds during spring training in 1959.
Fifty years after Brennan's appointment, one could look back at Notre Dame's hiring policies and notice a curious pattern: the recurrent hiring of inexperienced coaches in the wake of legends. Brennan following Leahy; Gerry Faust following the hall-of-fame tandem of Parseghian and Devine; and, finally, Davie following Lou Holtz. In each case the Irish had hired a youthful coach with no experience as a head coach, and in each case the choices led to bitter disappointment on the field.
Joe Kuharich took over for Brennan in 1959 and to date remains the only Irish head coach to leave the team with a losing record. During his 4 year tenure as coach, the Irish finished 17-23 and they never finished better than .500 in a season. Hugh Devore once again filled in the gap between coaches and led the Irish to a 2-7 record.
Parseghian era (Era of Ara)(1964–1974).
Ara Parseghian was a former college football player for the Miami University Redskins until 1947 and became their assistant coach in 1950 and head coach in 1951, after a two-year stint playing for the Cleveland Browns. In 1956 he moved to Northwestern University, where he stayed for eight years. 
In 1964, Parseghian was hired to replace Devore as head football coach and immediately brought the team back to a level of success comparable only to Rockne and Leahy in Irish football history. These three are the only coaches to have an 80% or greater winning percentage while at Notre Dame - Rockne at .881, Leahy at .864, and Parseghian at .836. Parseghian's teams never won fewer than seven nor lost more than two games during the ten game regular seasons of the era.
In his first year the Irish improved their record to 9–1, earning Parseghian coach of the year honors and a cover story in "Time" magazine. It was under Parseghian as well that Notre Dame lifted its 40-plus year-old "no bowl games" policy, beginning with the season of 1969, after which the Irish played the number one ranked Texas Longhorns in the Cotton Bowl, losing in the final minutes in a closely contested game. The following year, Parseghian's 9-1 squad ended Texas' Southwest Conference record thirty-game winning streak in the 1971 Cotton Bowl game.
During his eleven-year career, the Irish amassed a record of 95-17-4 and captured two uncontested national championships as well as the MacArthur Bowl in 1964. The Irish also had two undefeated seasons in 1966 and 1973, had three major bowl wins in five appearances, and produced one Heisman Trophy winner. In 1971, Cliff Brown became the first African-American quarterback to start a game for the program. Parseghian was forced to retire after the 1974 season for medical reasons.
Devine era (1975–1980).
Dan Devine was hired to take over as head coach upon Parseghian's retirement in 1975. Devine was already a highly successful coach and had led Arizona State, Missouri, and the Green Bay Packers. When he arrived at Notre Dame he already had a college coaching record of 120 wins, 40 losses, and 8 ties and had led his teams to victory in 4 bowl games. At Notre Dame he would lead the Irish to 53 wins, 16 losses, and 1 tie. The Irish were winners of 3 major bowl games and captured one national championship in 1977. Devine resigned as head football coach in 1980.
Faust era (1981–1985).
Gerry Faust was hired to replace Devine for the 1981 season. Prior to Notre Dame, Faust had been one of the more successful high school football coaches in the country. As coach of Moeller High School in Cincinnati, Ohio he amassed a 174–17–2 record. Despite his success in the high school ranks, his success at Notre Dame was mixed and his record mediocre at best. In his first season the Irish finished 5–6. The most successful years under Faust were the 1983 and 1984 campaigns where the Irish finished 7-5 and made trips to the Liberty Bowl and Aloha Bowl respectively. Faust resigned at the end of the 1985 season to take over as head coach for the University of Akron. Faust was recently invited by head coach Charlie Weis to speak to the 2006 team at the annual football awards banquet.
Holtz era (1986–1996).
Lou Holtz had 17 years of coaching experience by the time he was hired to lead the Irish. He had previously been head coach of William and Mary, North Carolina State, Arkansas, and Minnesota. Holtz began in 1986 where his predecessor left off in 1985, finishing with an identical record of 5 wins and 6 losses. However, unlike the 1985 squad, which was generally outcoached and outplayed, Holtz's 1986 edition was competitive in nearly every game, losing five out of those six games by a combined total of 14 points. That would be his only losing season as he posted a record of 95-24-2 over the next ten seasons adding up to a 100-30-2 docket overall.
In contrast to Faust, Holtz was well known as a master motivator and a strict disciplinarian. He displayed the latter trait in spades when two of his top contributing players showed up late for dinner right before the then top-ranked Irish played second-ranked Southern California in the final regular season game of 1988. In a controversial move, coach Lou Holtz took his 10-0 Irish squad to L.A. without stars Ricky Watters and Tony Brooks, who he suspended for disciplinary reasons. This was not the first time these players had gotten into trouble and the players had been warned there would be serious consequences if it happened again. His move was vindicated when the Irish defeated USC anyway.
Holtz was named national coach of the year (Paul "Bear" Bryant Award) in 1988, the same season he took Notre Dame to an upset of #1 Miami in the Catholics vs. Convicts series and a win over West Virginia University in the Fiesta Bowl, thus capturing the National Championship. His 1989 and 1993 squads narrowly missed repeating the feat. Overall, he took Notre Dame to one undefeated season, 9 consecutive New Year’s Day bowl games, and top 10 finishes in the AP poll in five seasons. Holtz resigned from Notre Dame in 1996.
Davie era (1997–2001).
Bob Davie, who had been Holtz's defensive coordinator from 1994 to 1996, was promoted to head coach when Holtz departed. One of his first major decisions was to fire long-time offensive line coach Joe Moore, who then successfully sued the university for age discrimination. On Davie's watch, the team suffered three bowl game losses (1997's Independence Bowl, 1998's Gator Bowl, and 2000's Fiesta Bowl), it failed to qualify for a bowl game in two others (1999 and 2001). The highlight of Davie's tenure was a 36-20 upset win in 1998 over fifth ranked Michigan, the defending national champion. Davie also helmed the thrilling 25–24 home game victory over USC in 1999. Davie nearly defeated top ranked Nebraska in 2000, with the Irish comeback bid falling short in overtime 24-27. The aforementioned 2000 Fiesta Bowl was Notre Dame's first invitation to the Bowl Championship Series. The Irish were humbled by 32 points to Oregon State, but would finish #15 in the AP Poll, Davie's highest ranking as head coach. The 2001 squad was awarded the American Football Coaches Association Achievement Award for its 100% graduation rate.
Following the 1998 season, the team fell into a pattern of frustrating inconsistency, alternating between successful and mediocre seasons. Scandal rocked the program when the NCAA placed the university on probation at the end of the 1999 season, citing gifts given to football players by a Notre Dame booster, Kim Dunbar. Despite Davie's rocky tenure, new athletic director Kevin White gave the coach a contract extension following the Fiesta Bowl-capped 2000 season, then saw the team start 0-3 in 2001 – the first such start in school history. Disappointed by the on-field results, coupled with the Joe Moore and Kim Dunbar scandals, the administration decided to dismiss Davie. On December 9, 2001, Notre Dame hired George O'Leary to replace Davie. However, New Hampshire Union Leader reporter Jim Fennell — while researching a "local boy done good" story on O'Leary — uncovered misrepresentations in O'Leary's résumé that had influenced the administration's decision to hire him. The resulting media scandal embarrassed Notre Dame officials, and tainted O'Leary; he resigned five days later, before coaching a single practice.
Willingham era (2002–2004).
Once again in need of a new head coach, the school turned to Tyrone Willingham, the head coach at Stanford. Bringing a feeling of change and excitement to campus, Willingham led the 2002 squad to a 10-2 regular season record, including an 8-0 start with wins over #7 Michigan and #11 Florida State, and a #4 ranking. This great early start, however, would be the lone highlight of Willingham's tenure, as Notre Dame finished the year with a heart-breaking loss to Boston College, then lopsided losses to USC and North Carolina State (in the Gator Bowl). The program faltered over the next two seasons under Willingham, compiling an 11–12 record. During this time, Notre Dame lost a game by at least 30 points on 5 occasions. (For perspective, in the previous 40 seasons (1961-2000), Notre Dame had lost by at least 30 points only four times. Bob Davie lost by 30 points only once.) They also suffered a home loss to Purdue by 25 points. Furthermore, Willingham's 2004 recruiting class was judged by analysts to be the worst at Notre Dame in more than two decades. Citing Notre Dame's third consecutive 4-touchdown loss to arch-rival USC compounded by another year of sub-par recruiting efforts, the university chose to pay out the remainder of Willingham's five-year contract at the conclusion of the 2004 season.
Reports circulated that Urban Meyer might be hired as Willingham's successor. Meyer was a highly sought after coach and a former wide receivers coach at Notre Dame. Following a well-publicized courtship by the Irish, Meyer chose instead to accept the head coaching position at the University of Florida. Notre Dame subsequently hired Charlie Weis, the offensive coordinator of the New England Patriots (who at the time were en route to their third Super Bowl victory in four years). Weis had graduated from Notre Dame, but had never played for its football team.
Weis era (2005–2009).
Charlie Weis became head football coach for the Irish beginning with the 2005 season. In his inaugural season he led Notre Dame to a record of 9–3, including an appearance in the Fiesta Bowl, where they were defeated by the Ohio State Buckeyes 34–20. Weis's impact was apparent when, in the first half of the first game (against Pittsburgh), Notre Dame had gained more offensive yards than it had in 5 games combined, during the previous season. Quarterback Brady Quinn would go on to break numerous team passing records that season and rise to the national spotlight, by holding 35 Notre Dame records as well as becoming a top Heisman contender. The school administration was so impressed with the turnaround, it made the surprise move of offering Weis a (ten-year) contract extension midway through his inaugural season.
Weis and the Irish went into the 2006 season with a #2 preseason ranking in the ESPN/Coaches Poll. They finished the regular season with a 10-2 record, losing only to Michigan and USC. Notre Dame accepted a bid to the 2007 Sugar Bowl, losing to LSU 41-14. This marked their ninth consecutive post-season/bowl game loss, the longest drought in NCAA history. As a result, Notre Dame dropped to #17 in the final rankings. This also gave the program the Division 1-A record for the most consecutive bowl game defeats.
In the wake of a graduating class that sent eleven players to the NFL, plus All-American wide receiver and Notre Dame baseball pitcher Jeff Samardzija to the Chicago Cubs, the 2007 season (3-9) included various negative milestones: the most losses in a single year (9); two of the ten worst losses ever (38-0 losses to both Michigan and USC); and the first 6-game losing streak for home games. Its losses to Navy and Air Force marked the first time Notre Dame has lost to two military academies in the same season since 1944, and the first time in the BCS era that Notre Dame went winless against mid-majors. The Naval Academy recorded their first win over the Irish since 1963, breaking the NCAA-record 43-game streak. Notre Dame did manage to close out a season with two straight wins for the first time since 1992.
In 2008, the Irish started 4–1, but completed the regular season with a 6–6 record, including a 24-23 home loss to Syracuse, the first time that Notre Dame had fallen to an eight-loss team. The combined 15 losses from 2007 to 2008 marks the most losses for any two-year span. Despite speculation the university might fire Weis, it was announced he would remain head coach. Weis's Notre Dame squad ended the season breaking the Irish's NCAA record nine-game bowl losing streak by beating Hawaii 49-21. In the process, Notre Dame scored its highest point total of the season, its highest point total ever in a bowl game, and broke 8 other bowl records. The bowl win also helped Notre Dame to a 7-6 final record, its 102nd winning season in 120 years of football and Weis' third in four years.

</doc>
<doc id="21608429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608429" title="Mount Giles (Antarctica)">
Mount Giles (Antarctica)

Mount Giles () is a mainly snow-covered mountain (820 m) located 5 nautical miles (9 km) south-southeast of Lynch Point on the coast of Marie Byrd Land. The mountain is the highest elevation on the divide between the seaward ends of Frostman Glacier and Hull Glacier. 
Discovered on aerial flights from the West Base of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) in 1940, and named for Walter R. Giles technical sergeant, United States Marine Corps (USMC), copilot and radio operator on some of these flights.

</doc>
<doc id="21608433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608433" title="Lac de Pannecière">
Lac de Pannecière

Lac de Pannecière is a lake in Nièvre, France. At an elevation of 320 m, its surface area is 5.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608440" title="Lac Besson">
Lac Besson

Lac Besson is a lake in Isère, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608447" title="Offshore Marine Management">
Offshore Marine Management

Offshore Marine Management (OMM) is an independent 
marine services company providing solutions for offshore cable installation projects in the renewable energy, Offshore wind power, subsea telecommunications and oil & gas industries. Offshore Marine Management was founded in 2003 by Mr Robert Grimmond in the UK. OMM services expanding international markets with services including Survey & Subsea, Operations & Maintenance, Personnel Supply and Cable Installation.
Offshore Windfarms.
OMM have provided their services for a number of Offshore wind farm projects, contributing to much of the UK’s offshore windfarm installed capacity.
OMM have been part of a range of projects to date, including:
Associations and Qualifications.
Offshore Marine Management is a member of the following:
Coastal Marine Trust.
Offshore Marine Management donates a portion of its profits from projects via the Charitable organisation Coastal Marine Trust. The trust focusses on providing donations to small projects in coastal communities. Previously, these projects have included youth clubs and summer camps.

</doc>
<doc id="21608448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608448" title="Kailas Nath Kaul">
Kailas Nath Kaul

Kailas (Kailash) Nath Kaul (1905–1983) was an Indian botanist, agronomist, agricultural scientist, horticulturist, herbalist, and naturalist, and a world authority on Arecaceae in the 1950s. He has been recognized for his contributions to a number of biological sciences. 
Notable achievements.
Professor Kaul established the National Botanical Gardens, now the National Botanical Research Institute at Lucknow, India, in 1948, after working in the Herbarium of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, at the Natural History Museum, formerly the British Museum (Natural History), London, and lecturing at several universities in the United Kingdom, including the University of Cambridge, in the period 1939-1944. He remained Director of the National Botanical Gardens till 1965. In this period, the National Botanical Gardens, Lucknow (India), became one of the world's five best botanical gardens, along with the botanical gardens at Kew (England), Java (Indonesia), Paris (France) and New York (USA). From 1953 to 1965, Professor Kaul surveyed botanically the whole of India, from the Karakoram Mountains in the north to Kanyakumari at the southern tip of the country, and from the North East Frontier Agency and Assam in the east to the Rann of Kutch in the west. During the same period, he contributed to the development of the botanical gardens at Peradeniya (Sri Lanka), Singapore, Bogor (Indonesia), Bangkok (Thailand), Hong Kong, Tokyo (Japan), and Manila (Philippines). He represented India at the International Botanical Congresses in Paris (1954), Montreal (1959), and Edinburgh (1964). In 1968, he was elected as the President of the Palaeobotanical Society, India. In 1975, he was appointed as the first Vice Chancellor of the Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, Kanpur, India.
Kaul's 1929 work on the medicinal plant", Artemisia brevifolia," in the Kashmir Valley caused yields of Santonin, an anthelminthic, from the plant to increase six times. This made the production of Santonin economically viable in India.
In 1947, Professor Kaul discovered fresh water aquifers in the princely state of Jodhpur in the Thar Desert, India, mainly by studying the spatial patterns of vegetation and depths of wells in the region. A small aircraft owned by Maharaja Umaid Singh of Jodhpur was used by him to conduct aerial surveys for this purpose. He then prepared a Desert Reclamation Scheme to solve the enigma of Jodhpur's water shortage. In 1949-50, he organised the 'Underground Water Board for Rajasthan', Jaipur.
In 1969, Professor Kaul, a native of the Jhelum Valley in Kashmir, was appointed the Director, Gardens, Parks and Floriculture in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. He worked for several years on the conservation and management of floral biodiversity and the rejuvenation of the Mogul-era gardens in the state, as the advisor to the Chief Minister on the subject.
Professor Kaul was responsible for the reclamation of several thousand acres of alkaline land in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. His work has been named "The Banthra Formula" after Banthra, the place where it was initiated in 1953. The project involved organic amendments and biological methods, including the cultivation of alkali-tolerant herbaceous, shrub and tree species. It had a decentralized community-based development approach, and benefited subsistence and small-scale commercial farmers, through intensification and diversification of biomass production for purposes such as food, fuel, fodder, fertilizer, medicare, timber, animal husbandry, aquaculture, soil amelioration, and bioaesthetics.
As the architect of the Vigyan Mandir (School of Science) Scheme (1948), which was later adopted by the Government of India, Kaul encouraged science education and research in the country. He also worked for the promotion of traditional sculpture, painting, and applied arts, and was elected as the President of the Lalit Kala Akademi of Uttar Pradesh in 1965.
Contribution to the Indian Freedom Movement.
Kaul joined the Indian Freedom Movement led by Gandhi in 1930, when he was sent by the All India Congress Committee to assist Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan in organising rural uplift work in the Kohat, Bannu and Peshawar districts. He also worked in villages adjoining Delhi under the guidance of Asaf Ali during the Civil Disobedience Movement. In 1931, Kaul was arrested and charged with planting the flag of Independence and was sentenced to six months in jail. While in jail, he ran a school for 'C Class' prisoners. His thesis on alkaline ("usar") soils was confiscated by the British Government for his active participation in the Indian Freedom Movement. Kaul also worked against untouchability and gave free education to Dalit children in Lucknow. His mother, Rajpati Kaul, and his sister, Kamala Nehru were among the first few women to have participated in the Indian freedom movement.
Rajpati and Jawahar Mull Atal-Kaul were his parents and Kamala Nehru, Chand Bahadur Kaul, and Swaroop Kathju were his siblings. He was married to Sheila Kaul, an educationist, social worker, and politician. Gautam Kaul, Deepa Kaul, and Vikram Kaul are their children.
Family and friends.
Kaul's paternal great grandfather, Moti Lal Atal (originally Thullal in Kashmiri), was the finance minister of the princely state of Jaipur, his brother-in-law, Jawaharlal Nehru "('Jawahar Bhai')", was the first prime minister of independent India, and his niece, Indira Priyadarshini Gandhi "('Indu')", was the third prime minister of India. Indira was deeply influenced by his love for nature and spent much time with him in the Himalayas.
Among Kaul's natural scientist friends were Frank Hawking, a British biologist and physician and Stephen Hawking's father; Sir Edward James Salisbury, a British botanist and ecologist; Ronald Melville, a British botanist; Arthur John Cronquist, an American botanist; Birbal Sahni, an Indian palaeobotanist; G.C. Mitra, an Indian botanist; Alexandr Innokentevich Tolmatchew, a Soviet botanist; Kiril Bratanov, a Bulgarian biologist; Ronald Pearson Tripp, a British palaeontologist; and René Dumont, a French agronomist. His other friends included Todor Zhivkov, former President of Bulgaria; Alfred Jules Ayer, a British philosopher, Herbert V. Günther, a German philosopher and linguist, and Margaret Mee, a British botanical artist.

</doc>
<doc id="21608455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608455" title="Lac des Hermines">
Lac des Hermines

Lac des Hermines is a lake near Super-Besse, in Puy-de-Dôme, France. At an elevation of 1350 m, its surface area is 0.14 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608470" title="Étang de l'Or">
Étang de l'Or

Étang de l'Or is a lake in Hérault, France. At an elevation of 0 m, its surface area is 30 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608478" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Bosnia and Herzegovina made their début at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland. Fazla represented Bosnia and Herzegovina with the song "Sva bol svijeta". They finished in 16th place with 27 points.
Background.
Bosnia and Herzegovina first entered the Eurovision Song Contest in 1993, having previously competed as a part of Yugoslavia from 1961 to 1991. 
During the disintegration of Yugoslavia the state broadcaster at the time, JRT, decided to continue Yugoslavia's participation in the contest, holding one last national final for the 1992 Contest, held on 28 March 1992. Only artists from the republics of Serbia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina competed, despite the former declaring independence on 1 March. Artists from Croatia, Slovenia and Macedonia did not compete after declaring independence from Yugoslavia in 1991. The winning song was "Ljubim te pesmama" by Extra Nena, representing Serbia. However, by the time Extra Nena competed at Eurovision for Yugoslavia, the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was no more, and a new republic, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, had been formed.
After the 1992 Contest Bosnia and Herzegovina's former sub-national broadcaster RTV Sarajevo became the country's national broadcaster, renamed Radio-Televizija Bosne i Hercegovine (RTVBiH). The broadcaster became a member of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) on 1 January 1993, allowing it to compete in the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time as an independent nation.
BH Eurosong 1993.
RTVBiH decided to hold a national final to select the first entry from an independent Bosnia and Herzegovina. BH Eurosong 1993 was held in the RTVBiH TV studios in Sarajevo on 28 February, hosted by Ismeta Krvavac, who had previously represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 1976, representing Yugoslavia, as the lead singer of the group Ambasadori.
11 songs competed to be the first entry for the independent country, however the group Nina, who competed with "Zapleši", were unable to get to the studio, and so a video-clip of their song was presented instead. Only the winner of the contest was announced, with an expert jury selecting the winner. 
The winner was Fazla with the song "Sva bol svijeta". Alma Čardžić was rumoured to have come second with "Svi na ulice", however this was never confirmed.
The lyrics of "Sva bol svijeta" (All the pain in the world) describe the Bosnian War occurring at that time in Bosnia and Herzegovina, which gripped the entire country at the time.
At Kvalifikacija za Millstreet.
With the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the disintegration of Yugoslavia many new countries were created who became interested in competing in the Eurovision Song Contest. With this large influx of countries the European Broadcasting Union were forced to create a new measure to counter overcrowding in the contest. For the 1993 Contest the EBU decided to hold a one-off contest to select three countries to join the 22 countries already competing in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The Kvalifikacija za Millstreet (Qualification for Millstreet) contest was held in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 3 April at the TV studios of Slovene broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTV SLO). Seven countries in total competed, including Bosnia and Herzegovina, for a place in the final on 15 May 1993. Fazla performed first, preceding Croatia. The band received 52 points, placing 2nd, qualifying to the Eurovision Song Contest final alongside Slovenia and Croatia.
At Eurovision.
Fazla performed 18th at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland, following Finland and preceding the United Kingdom. The group received 27 points, receiving the maximum 12 points from Turkey, placing 16th of the 25 competing countries.
Warm applause rang throughout the hall during the voting when the Bosnian votes were announced in the midst of the war in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="21608483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608483" title="Lac de la Mouille">
Lac de la Mouille

Lac de la Mouille is a lake in Haute-Savoie, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608493" title="Lac de la Plaine">
Lac de la Plaine

Lac de la Plaine is a lake in Lorraine, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608496" title="Live at the Pan-African Festival">
Live at the Pan-African Festival

Live at the Pan-African Festival is a live recording of Archie Shepp's performance in Algiers on July 29–30, 1969, when his free jazz band was complemented by a section of traditional North-African musicians.
Track listing.
"All songs arranged by Shepp."

</doc>
<doc id="21608498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608498" title="Gillies Islands">
Gillies Islands

The Gillies Islands () are three small, rocky islands protruding above Shackleton Ice Shelf 3 nautical miles (6 km) north of Cape Moyes. 
Discovered by the Western Base Party of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition under Douglas Mawson, 1911–14, and named for F.J. Gillies, chief engineer of the ship "Aurora". Astronomical control was established on the central island by U.S. Navy Operation Windmill personnel in January 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="21608500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608500" title="Bryan Isaac">
Bryan Isaac

Bryan Isaac is a professional ballroom dancer, who teaches standard and Latin American dance in Bristol, alongside Diane Barron. In his younger days he was West of England ballroom champion with Gay Biffen, and took part in international competitions representing Great Britain.
Isaac is a Fellow and Examiner, and a committee member since 1983, of the British Association of Teachers of Dance. From 1995 to 1996 he was their President. He has also been elected as a Trustee of the Association. With Diane Barron, he is a teacher of the Bristol University Latin American & Ballroom Dancing Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21608503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608503" title="1980 Geneva Open">
1980 Geneva Open

The 1980 Geneva Open was a tennis tournament played on clay courts that was part of the 1980 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Geneva in Switzerland and began on September 22, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21608506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608506" title="Lac d'Aude">
Lac d'Aude

Lac d'Aude is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales, France. At an elevation of 2136 m, its surface area is 0.03 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608507" title="W/L Cave">
W/L Cave

W/L Cave is part of the Fairy Cave Quarry group of caves between Stoke St Michael and Oakhill in the limestone of the Mendip Hills, in Somerset, England.
It is named after the initials of its discoverers, Bob Whitaker and Jerry Lavis, was first entered in the summer of 1967. It was the first significant cave to be discovered after the destruction of Balch Cave in the same (Fairy Cave) quarry.
Although short it was extremely well decorated with calcite formations and ended in a large chamber with a magnificent side grotto dubbed Pink Pool Chamber. It is almost certainly part of the Balch Cave system and is the link between Balch Cave and the other systems in Fairy Cave Quarry namely Shatter Cave and Withyhill Cave. The link was proved by a digging project conducted by Pete Rose and Nick Chipchase of the Cerberus Spelaeological Society, the HQ of which club used to lie adjacent to the quarry in cottages owned by the quarry company. Pink Pool Chamber is linked to the first chamber in Shatter Cave by a narrow passage opened by blasting by the above named cavers.

</doc>
<doc id="21608513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608513" title="Lac de Grand Maison">
Lac de Grand Maison

Lac de Grand Maison is a lake in Isère, France. At an elevation of 1698 m, its surface area is 2.19 km². It is created by the Grand'Maison Dam and serves as the upper reservoir in a pumped-storage hydroelectric scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="21608523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608523" title="Lac Fourchu">
Lac Fourchu

Lac Fourchu is a lake in Isère, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608531" title="1942 Major League Baseball All-Star Game">
1942 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 1942 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 10th playing of the midsummer classic between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was held on July 6, 1942, at Polo Grounds in New York, New York the home of the New York Giants of the National League. The game resulted in the American League defeating the National League 3-1.
Two nights later, the American League All-Stars traveled to Cleveland Municipal Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio, to play a special benefit game against a team of players from the U.S. Army and Navy. The contest, which the American Leaguers won 5-0, attracted a crowd of 62,094 and netted $70,000 for the Army Emergency Relief Fund and the Navy Relief Society. Mutual Radio broadcast the second game, with Bob Elson, Waite Hoyt, and Jack Graney announcing.
Rosters.
Players in "italics" have since been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21608532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608532" title="South Windham, Maine">
South Windham, Maine

South Windham is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Windham in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The population of the CDP was 1,374 at the 2010 census. Prior to 2010, South Windham was part of the Little Falls-South Windham census-designated place.
It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Geography.
South Windham is located at , along the Presumpscot River. According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 5.31%, is water.
The CDP of Little Falls is located directly across the Presumpscot River, in the town of Gorham. U.S. Route 202 and Maine State Route 4 run north-south in a concurrency through both communities.
History.
The Presumpscot River was an early transportation corridor to interior Maine; and provided reliable water power at Little Falls. Major William Knight was operating a sawmill at the falls in 1756. As the local forests were cleared, the sawmill was replaced by William Johnson's grist mill and a wool carding mill operated by Leonard Bacon and Lathrop Crockett. Locks were constructed around the falls to complete the Cumberland and Oxford Canal in 1832. The canal fell into disuse after the Portland and Ogdensburg Railway was completed through South Windham in 1875. Maine Central Railroad leased the railway as their Mountain Division in 1888. Availability of year-round transportation encouraged C.A. Brown and Company to build a large brick wood-paper board factory at South Windham in 1875. Androscoggin Pulp Company purchased the factory, and the industrial village of South Windham developed around the pulp mill. On April 4, 1919, the legislature passed an act creating the Reformatory for Men at South Windham. It is now the Maine Correctional Center, a minimum to medium security facility for men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="21608534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608534" title="Étang Saint-Nicolas">
Étang Saint-Nicolas

Étang Saint-Nicolas is an artificial lake in Angers, Maine-et-Loire, France. Its surface is 3.6 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21608541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608541" title="Étang d'Aureilhan">
Étang d'Aureilhan

Étang d'Aureilhan or Lac d'Aureilhan is a lake at Aureilhan in the Landes department, France. At an elevation of 10 m, its surface area is 3.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608553" title="Étang de Lacanau">
Étang de Lacanau

Étang de Lacanau is a lake in Lacanau, Gironde, France. Its surface area is 19.85 km²

</doc>
<doc id="21608562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608562" title="Mount Gillmor">
Mount Gillmor

Mount Gillmor () is a largely ice-free mountain (2,185 m) at the south side of the head of Svendsen Glacier, in the Usarp Mountains. 
Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1960-62. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for C. Stewart Gillmor, U.S. exchange scientist (ionospheric physics) at the Soviet Mirny Station in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="21608568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608568" title="Lac de Villefranche-de-Panat">
Lac de Villefranche-de-Panat

Lac de Villefranche-de-Panat () is a lake in Aveyron, France. At an elevation of 727 m, its surface area is 1.92 km².
It lies in the communes of Villefranche-de-Panat and Alrance.
Description.
The Lac de Villefranche-de-Panat is part of an electricity generating system where waters falling on the granite plateau of Lévézou that had drained unhindered into the Viaur and the Tarn river were captured and used by the power stations at Alrance and Le Pouget. 
Waters from the Vioulou fell, and waters from the Vaur were pumped into the reservoir at the Lac de Paraloup whence they passed through a 10.8 km steel lined tunnel to the Alrance power station and into the lake. Waters from three streams that fell directly into the Tarn at Le Truel, are pumped directly into the lake. From this lake tunnels were dug to the Lac de Saint-Amans where the waters drop 461m vertically to the power station at Le Pouget on the Tarn.
The Dam.
This is a classic gravity type dam of earth lined with concrete.
Statistics.
The tunnel leading from Villefranche-de-Panat to the Lac de Saint-Amans is 3.4 m in diameter and 4,690 m long.
History.
The Alrance was dammed between 1948 and 1950.
Leisure.
The lake is used for boating, swimming, and Hydro ULM (microlight sea planes)

</doc>
<doc id="21608569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608569" title="Government of Mississippi">
Government of Mississippi

As with all other U.S. states and the federal government, Mississippi's government is based on the separation of legislative, executive and judicial power. 
Executive authority in the state rests with the governor of Mississippi, currently Phil Bryant (R). The Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi, currently Tate Reeves (R), is elected on a separate ballot. Both the governor and lieutenant governor are elected to four-year terms of office. Unlike the federal government, but like many other U.S. States, most of the heads of major executive departments are elected by the citizens of Mississippi rather than appointed by the governor.
Mississippi is one of only five states that elects its state officials in odd numbered years (The others are Kentucky, Louisiana, New Jersey, and Virginia). Mississippi holds elections for these offices every four years in the years preceding Presidential election years. Thus, the last year when Mississippi elected a Governor was 2011, and the next gubernatorial election will occur in 2015.
Legislative authority resides in the Mississippi Legislature, which is the state legislature. The Legislature is bicameral, consisting of the Senate and House of Representatives. The lieutenant governor presides over the Senate, while the House of Representatives selects their own Speaker. The state constitution permits the legislature to establish by law the number of senators and representatives, up to a maximum of 52 senators and 122 representatives. Current state law sets the number of senators at 52 and representatives at 122. The term of office for senators and representatives is four years.
Judicial branch.
Supreme judicial authority rests with the state Supreme Court, which has statewide authority. In addition, there is a statewide Court of Appeals, as well as Circuit Courts, Chancery Courts and Justice Courts, which have more limited geographical jurisdiction. The nine judges of the Supreme Court are elected from three districts (three judges per district) by the state's citizens in non-partisan elections to eight-year staggered terms. The ten judges of the Court of Appeals are elected from five districts (two judges per district) for eight-year staggered terms. Judges for the smaller courts are elected to four-year terms by the state's citizens who live within that court's jurisdiction.
Federal representation.
Mississippi has two U.S. Senate seats. One is currently held by Thad Cochran (Republican) and the other is held by Roger Wicker (Republican) who was appointed on December 31, 2007 by Mississippi governor Haley Barbour due to Trent Lott resigning on December 18, 2007 and who was elected to finish Lott's term on November 4, 2008 (see United States Senate special election in Mississippi, 2008).
As of the 2001 apportionment, the state has four congressmen in the U.S. House of Representatives, currently Gregg Harper (Republican), Bennie Thompson (Democrat), Steven Palazzo (Republican), and Alan Nunnelee (Republican).
"(See: List of United States Senators from Mississippi; List of United States Representatives from Mississippi; Congressional districts map)"
Politics.
During the Reconstruction era, blacks being voting after being given the franchise. They elected numerous representatives to local and state offices, despite being subject to intimidation and violence at the polls, increasingly so during the 1870s, when the Red Shirts tried to suppress the black vote.
in 1890 Mississippi passed a new constitution with provision to disfranchise most blacks and many poor whites through use of the poll tax and literacy tests, with the latter administered by white registrars. The number of black voters fell drastically, as they could not register. This was the reason the Democratic Party dominated state and federal elections in Mississippi into the 1960s. 
For 116 years (from 1876 to 1992), Mississippi was essentially a one-party state, electing Democratic governors, federal representatives and most state officials. In 1890, the elite white-dominated Mississippi legislature created a new constitution, the first in the South of what were called disfranchising constitutions. They contained provisions, such as poll taxes and literacy tests, that in practice effectively disfranchised most blacks and many poor whites. When Mississippi's constitution passed a Supreme Court challenge in "Williams v. Mississippi" (1898), other Southern states quickly included such provisions in their own new constitutions. By 1900, these measures effectively disfranchised nearly all black voters in the state. When the grandfather clause was struck down as unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in "Guinn v. United States" (1915), Mississippi and other states which had used it quickly passed other statutes to restrict black registration and voting. Disfranchisement of blacks and poor whites continued for more than six decades.
Federal politics.
Mississippi white residents, as in the rest of the South, long supported the Democratic Party. The policies of Reconstruction, which included federally appointed Republican governors, led to white Southern resentment toward the Republican Party. Following the Compromise of 1877, federal troops enforcing the provisions of Reconstruction were pulled out of the South. The Democratic Party regained political control of the state in the 1870s, partly by using methods designed to suppress black voter turnout. Blacks had favored Republican candidates and the party of Lincoln.
After years of supporting disfranchisement of blacks in the South, northern Democrats began increasingly to support unions and civil rights for blacks. Many conservative white Democrats began to get restless. The first sign of this discontent was in the 1948 presidential election, when the Dixiecrat slate of Strom Thurmond and Mississippi Governor Fielding Wright won a majority of the state's popular vote, largely by virtue of Dixiecrat supporters taking over the state Democratic machinery. 
In 1960, a slate of unpledged Democratic electors won a plurality of the state's vote. It was the first time the official Democratic candidate had not carried the state since the Reconstruction era. These eight electors cast their electoral votes for conservative Democratic Senator Harry F. Byrd. 
In 1964, the white voters in the state swung over dramatically to support Barry Goldwater, who took an unheard-of 87 percent of the state's popular vote (this was while most African Americans were still disfranchised and effectively could not vote) in the midst of Lyndon Johnson's 44-state national landslide. Goldwater carried several counties with well over 90 percent of the vote, and his five best counties in the nation were all in Mississippi.
Since then, there has been a major realignment, with white conservative voters supporting Republicans for the state's federal positions, even though Democrats nominally continued to have a majority of registered voters. Since 1964, Mississippi has supported a Democrat for president only once, in 1976, when a son of the South ran. That year, Jimmy Carter narrowly carried the state by two percentage points (15,000 votes). 
During the fall of 1963, civil rights activists registered 80,000 black voters in Mississippi for the straw Freedom Vote, to demonstrate the people's ambition and eagerness to vote. In 1964, the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party (MFDP) was formed, creating a list of candidates to challenge the official, all-white slate of the state's Democratic Party. The MFDP also mounted protests at the national convention, where they demanded to be seated as official delegates. 
Not until the late 1960s, following passage of the Federal Voting Rights Act of 1965 under President Lyndon Johnson, would most African-American men and women have the chance to vote again in Mississippi and other Southern states.
On September 26, 2008, presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain debated at the University of Mississippi in the first presidential debate ever hosted in Mississippi. It was also the first official debate for the election. The debate focused on foreign policy and national security issues.
State politics.
Mississippi has 82 counties. Citizens of Mississippi counties elect the members of their county Board of Supervisors from single-member districts, as well as other county officials.
"(See: List of counties in Mississippi)"
During disfranchisement and majority-white dominance of the Democratic party and state politics, nearly all races were effectively decided in the Democratic primary, from which blacks were excluded by the "white primary" and other voter registration tricks. Although civil rights groups mounted legal challenges, Mississippi's constitution was upheld for some time. From 1877 to 1959, the Republicans only fielded a gubernatorial candidate twice. It was not until after passage of the federal Voting Rights Act of 1965 that federal enforcement led to African Americans' being able to register and vote in numbers related to their population in the state. In the first half of the 20th century, many left the oppressive conditions here in the Great Migration to the North and Midwest. 
However, most Democrats, especially in rural areas, are very conservative by national standards. In 1991, Kirk Fordice became the first Republican to win the governorship since 1876. Republicans have since done very well at the state level. They have held the governorship for all but one term, though it would take another decade before they won control of one of the state legislative chambers. 
However, in 2011, the Republicans took control of the state house, in the process winning complete control of state government for the first time since 1876. But, this represents a reversal of what Republican and Democratic meant in the 19th century. Since the late 1960s and passage of civil rights legislation by national Democrats and Republicans, most white conservatives in the South have shifted to supporting Republican candidates. African Americans support Democrats by wide margins, as this party nationally supported their drive for protection and exercise of civil rights. Most whites tend to support Republicans.
On some social issues, Mississippi is one of the more conservative states in the US, with religion often playing a large role in citizens' political views. Liquor laws are particularly strict and variable from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Liquor sales are frequently banned on Sunday. Many cities and counties allow no alcoholic beverage sales ("dry"), while others allow beer but not liquor, or liquor but not beer. Some allow beer sales, but only if it is not refrigerated. In 2001, Mississippi banned adoption by same-sex couples and banned recognition of adoptions by same-sex couples which were done and recognized in other states or countries. In 2004, 86% of voter turnout amended the state constitution to ban same-sex marriage and ban state recognition of same-sex marriages which were done and recognized in other states and countries.
At the same time, Mississippi has been one of the more innovative states in the country, having been the first state to implement a sales tax and the first state to pass a Married Women's Property Act. 
Also, between the Reconstruction era, when blacks constituted a majority and elected many representatives to local and state office, and since the 1960s, Mississippi has elected more African-American officials (including local offices) than any other state in the United States. Mississippi is one of only a few states to have decriminalized the possession of marijuana, so that possession of 30 grams or less of marijuana is punishable only by a fine of $100 – $250 for the first offense with no jail time.

</doc>
<doc id="21608571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608571" title="John Bowers (writer)">
John Bowers (writer)

John Bowers is an American writer.
Bowers was raised in Johnson City, Tennessee, during the Great Depression and World War II era. He graduated from Science Hill High School in 1947 and from the University of Tennessee in 1952. From there, he attended the Handy Writers Colony in Marshall, Illinois, founded by Lowney Turner Handy and her husband, Harry Handy, along with her student, the best-selling novelist James Jones. An autobiographical and perhaps slightly fictionalized account of this adventure is Bowers's first major novel, "The Colony", published in 1971.
During the 1960s, Bowers published numerous interviews and articles in major magazines, including The New York Times, Playboy, Sports Illustrated, New York, Cosmopolitan, and Harper's, some of which were collected in paperback under the title "The Golden Bowers" in the early 1970s. His second novel, "No More Reunions" (1973), about his teen years in Johnson City, was optioned for film but the movie was never made. A third novel of that period, "Helene" (1976), is a "Lolita"-like tale set in 1950s America with college-age males and a young teenage girl.
"In the Land of Nyx: Night and Its Inhabitants" (1984), Bowers's next novel, was a study of the subculture of people who live their lives at night rather than during the daylight. Probably inspired by his father, who was night manager at the local railroad station during John's childhood, this book is difficult to classify in any standard genre, and languished somewhat after its release because bookstores and libraries did not know quite what to do with it.
Turning his attention to historical examination of the Civil War, Bowers wrote "Stonewall Jackson: Portrait of a Soldier" (1990) and "Chickamauga and Chattanooga: The Battles That Doomed the Confederacy" (2000), which mix fact, fiction, and anecdotes.
For over two decades he has been an Associate Professor in the Writing Program at Columbia University. His play "Remembrance of Things Present" has been produced twice Off-Broadway.

</doc>
<doc id="21608572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608572" title="Tom Kitt (musician)">
Tom Kitt (musician)

Thomas Robert "Tom" Kitt (born 1974) is an American composer, conductor, orchestrator and musician. For his score for the musical "Next to Normal", he shared the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Drama with Brian Yorkey. He also won the Tony Award and 2008 Outer Critics Circle Award, and was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for "American Idiot" and "Everyday Rapture".
Career.
Kitt attended Byram Hills High School in Armonk, New York, where he participated in various theatrical productions. He graduated in 1992. He then attended Columbia College, New York City, graduating with a degree in economics in 1996. During his time at Columbia, Kitt was also a member of the Columbia Kingsmen.
Kitt composed the music for the musicals "High Fidelity" and "Next to Normal" and the play "From Up Here". 
He met Brian Yorkey while they were both students at Columbia University, and they attended the BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theater Workshop as a team. He won the 2008 Outer Critics Circle Award, Outstanding New Score, and was nominated for the Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Music; and Tony Awards for Best Original Score Written for the Theatre and Best Orchestrations, all for his rock score to "Next to Normal." He also shared the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Drama with Brian Yorkey for "Next to Normal". The Pulitzer Board called it "a powerful rock musical that grapples with mental illness in a suburban family and expands the scope of subject matter for musicals."
Kitt has also been a music director and conductor on Broadway since 2002, beginning with the musical "". He was the music supervisor for the Sherie Rene Scott musical "Everyday Rapture", which ran at Second Stage Theatre in 2009. He is the music supervisor, orchestrator and music arranger for the musical "American Idiot", which opened on Broadway in March 2010.
He composed the score for the Public Theater Shakespeare in the Park (New York City) production of "The Winter's Tale", which ran in July 2010. "The New York Times" reviewer wrote that "His score is a triumph of the less-is-more approach to incidental music."
His new musical, "Bring It On", a musical adaption of the film, was a collaboration with Lin-Manuel Miranda, Amanda Green and playwright Jeff Whitty. The musical premiered at the Alliance Theatre, Atlanta, running from January 15, 2011 to February 20, 2011.
Kitt has performed his own songs in a one-man show at various venues such as the Bitter End in New York. He is the founder of The Tom Kitt Band, in which he plays piano. The band's first album is "Find Me". Kitt also contributed in 2006 to Julia Murney's self-titled debut album, "I'm Not Waiting", for which he co-wrote the song "Perfect".
Kitt received the 2009 Frederick Loewe Award for Dramatic Composition for "Next to Normal" from the Dramatists Guild of America.
In August 2010, Brian Yorkey and Kitt's musical "In Your Eyes" was workshopped at the Village Theatre's Festival of New Musicals in Issaquah, Washington (they also workshopped "Feeling Electric" there as well). The show is about "The students of Lakeshore High School are sent into a full-blown lock down (not to mention a flood of animosity, fear, and insecurity) when a plot of gun violence is suspected. As a group of unsupervised students attempts to make sense of the chaos, they end up learning more about themselves and their classmates—from the troubled rocker spitting lyrics, to the sarcastic fashionista pointing fingers from her pedestal."
In 2012, he worked on arranging strings sections for Green Day's album trilogy Uno, Dos and Tre.
He worked with Brian Yorkey on a new musical titled "If/Then" which was workshopped in 2013 in New York City with Idina Menzel in the lead role. Following the workshop, the show had an out-of-town tryout at Washington D.C.'s National Theatre, from November 5 to December 8, 2013. It opened on Broadway at the Richard Rogers Theatre on March 4, 2014 in previews, officially on March 30, 2014. The show is directed by Michael Greif, produced by David Stone, and stars Menzel, LaChanze and Anthony Rapp. The choreography is by Larry Keigwin, sets are by Mark Wendland, and costumes by Emily Rebholz.
Kitt is reteaming with Brian Yorkey for a musical adaption of "Magic Mike", with Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa writing the book.
Personal.
He married Rita Pietropinto in 2000. They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21608576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608576" title="Lac de Pont-de-Salars">
Lac de Pont-de-Salars

Lac de Pont-de-Salars is a lake in Aveyron, France. At an elevation of 718 m, its surface area is 1.82 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608581" title="The Wicked Years">
The Wicked Years

The Wicked Years is a series of novels by Gregory Maguire that present a revisionist take on L. Frank Baum's "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", its 1939 film adaption, and related books.
This is a very different and cynical look at Oz as is seen in the books by L. Frank Baum or the film(s). Unlike the originals, these books are not intended for children. This Oz is beset with many social problems like the discrimination against sentient animals (called Animals in the book) and racial tensions between the various human ethnic groups in Oz. Many of the protagonists in the "Wizard of Oz" are presented either as antagonists or neutral.
The Novels.
There are four books in the series.
The first novel, published in 1995, was "", a book detailing the life of the infamous villain from Baum's books, now called "Elphaba". It is told through the various perspectives of those who knew Elphaba (who would become branded as the Wicked Witch of the West), an outcast aspiring social reformer with an allergy to water. The novel was a huge success, and was later adapted into a smash hit musical, which opened on Broadway on October 30th, 2003.
A sequel, "Son of a Witch", was published in 2005, and detailed the life of Elphaba's son Liir. It is told through the perspective of her son Liir who is trying to find his half-sister Nor and incidentally finishes some of Elphaba's work. It begins not long after the end of "Wicked."
A third novel was published in 2008, titled "A Lion Among Men"; the protagonist being the Cowardly Lion, now called 'Brrr'. His history from cubhood to current time of the book is given in parallel with the history of the oracle Yackle, who was introduced in "Wicked." Their stories overlap with "Wicked" and "Son of Witch", carrying the story about eight years past "Son of a Witch." "Lion" was the first book to introduce the title "Wicked Years".
The fourth and final book, "Out of Oz," was published in 2011. It begins immediately after the end of "Lion" and focuses on Liir's daughter Rain. The promotional info stated that the novel "will feature all sorts of magical mayhem, with the Emerald City plotting an attack on Munchkinland, while the Cowardly Lion runs for his life. Young Dorothy pops in for "something more than a cameo."
The Grimmerie.
The Grimmerie (a variation on the words 'Grimoire' and 'gramarye') is a fictional book of spells in "The Wicked Years" universe. In both the original novels and the stage adaptation, the Grimmerie is written in a language that the people of Oz cannot read; in the novels, this is because the book came from Earth and is written in English, whereas in the musical, it is said to be written in the "lost language of spells". "The Grimmerie" is also the title of a behind-the-scenes book about the musical, published in the year 2005 (ISBN 1-4013-0820-1).
In the novel, the Grimmerie contains information on various supernatural creatures, including angels and an entire section on "Evil Particulars" (i.e. demons), methods of poisoning water and breeding a docile population, as well as diagrams of instruments of torture and weapons which Elphaba considers "too vile to use". It also contains:
In the musical, the Grimmerie is a pivotal instrument in Elphaba's magical powers. It contains a variety of incantations, written in a strange language, that allow her to perform various spells throughout the musical; the contents are considerably less gruesome than those of its novel counterpart.

</doc>
<doc id="21608586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608586" title="Lac de Bage">
Lac de Bage

Lac de Bage is a lake in Aveyron, France. At an elevation of 715 m, its surface area is 0.53 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608588" title="Comitê Organizador dos Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos Rio de Janeiro 2016">
Comitê Organizador dos Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos Rio de Janeiro 2016

The Comitê Organizador dos Jogos Olimpícos e Paralímpicos Rio de Janeiro 2016 is the organisation that will oversee the planning and development of the 2016 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Board members.
The board members are:

</doc>
<doc id="21608589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608589" title="Gillock Glacier">
Gillock Glacier

Gillock Glacier () is a glacier 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, flowing north from Mount Walnum to the west of Smalegga Ridge, in the Sor Rondane Mountains. 
Mapped by Norwegian cartographers in 1957 from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and named for Lieutenant Robert A. Gillock, U.S. Navy, navigator on Operation Highjump photographic flights in this area and other coastal areas between 14° and 164° East.

</doc>
<doc id="21608594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608594" title="1981 Geneva Open">
1981 Geneva Open

The 1981 Geneva Open was a tennis tournament played on clay courts that was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Geneva in Switzerland and began on September 21, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="21608596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608596" title="Lac de Saint-Amans">
Lac de Saint-Amans

Lac de Saint-Amans is an artificial lake in Le Truel, Aveyron, France close to Villefranche-de-Panat, and 500m above the Tarn river. At an elevation of 727 m, it has surface area of 0.11 km². It is captured by the Barrage de Saint-Amans. In is a holding reservoir, taking water between the Lac de Villefranche-de-Panat and the hydro-electric power station at Le Pouget power station.

</doc>
<doc id="21608604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608604" title="Movement Concept">
Movement Concept

Movement Concept is a modern system of learning and teaching with traditional roots which imparts inner and outer movement in the broadest sense.
Background.
Movement Concept was created by Ingo Taleb Rashid and derives its fundamental principles from dance and theatre methods from East and West (e.g. Butoh, Noh, Stanislawski Method), martial arts (e.g. Ninpo, Capoeira) and the ancient
tradition of Sufism, the spiritual principles of which are transferred into modern body work.
The idea behind Movement Concept is to tap a person’s full potential, to use exhaustively the
diversity of the body’s capacity for movement and expression, to make these accessible and use them for stage work and, at the same time, increases our awareness of it.
An essential part of the system is “play”, in which two people apply the acquired technique and abilities in free improvisation inside a protective circle of participants.
Three-year Ongoing Curricular Training.
Movement Concept is intended as a practical educational training system combining bodywork, performing arts and spirituality. It is meant for all people who want to deal more deeply with these topics – regardless of age, experience or previous
knowledge. It is also suitable as advanced training for performers in the areas of dance, directing and choreography.
The Movement Concept curriculum spans three years (approx. 30 days of training each year).
Before entering into training, a personal conversation with the educational director is required.
The training concludes with a written assignment and a demonstration lesson.
After successful completion of the curriculum, participants receive a diploma that certifies the qualification
to teach Movement Concept under supervision of El Haddawi.
External links.
Homepage of El Haddawi, school for Movement Concept (German): http://www.elhaddawi.de/<br>
Contents of the Three-Year-Ongoing-Training (German): http://www.elhaddawi.de/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=48&Itemid=59<br>
Movement Concept Performance (German): http://www.elhaddawi-dance-company.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=19&Itemid=53

</doc>
<doc id="21608613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608613" title="Étang Long">
Étang Long

Étang Long is a lake in Ariège, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608617" title="Wyoming gubernatorial election, 2010">
Wyoming gubernatorial election, 2010

The 2010 Wyoming gubernatorial election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the Governor of Wyoming, who will serve a four-year term to begin in January 2011. Party primaries were held on August 17.
While it was initially thought that term limits would prevent incumbent Democratic Governor Dave Freudenthal from running for re-election, the constitutionality of the term limit law has been questioned, leaving the possibility that if Freudenthal had successfully challenged the law, he might have been able to run for a third term. On March 4, 2010, Freudenthal announced he would not run for a third term.
Republican candidate Matt Mead defeated Democratic candidate Leslie Petersen in the general election.
Democratic primary.
Potential candidates who declined.
Even before Freudenthal announced that he would not seek reelection, Democratic state Senator Mike Massie began touring the state informally in preparation for a campaign run. Eventually, Massie announced that he would run for state superintendent of public instruction rather than governor. Paul Hickey, an attorney and the runner-up to Freudenthal in the 2002 Democratic primary, and Larry Clapp, also an attorney and former Mayor of Casper, also stated their interests in possibly running for Governor after Freudenthal's announcement, but neither ran.

</doc>
<doc id="21608628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608628" title="Étang d'Araing">
Étang d'Araing

Étang d'Araing is a lake in Couserans, Ariège department, France. At an elevation of 1909 m, its surface area is 0.33 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608630" title="Dr Benjamin Twist">
Dr Benjamin Twist

Dr Benjamin Twist is a recurring fictional character who appears in several films featuring comedian Will Hay, who portrays the character in all mediums.
Character history.
Dr. Benjamin Twist is a bumbling, fraudulent but lovable science teacher of the (fictional) St. Michael's School, which forms the backdrop of the films he appears in. Twist's typical appearance was with a mortarboard at an angle on his head and a pince-nez on his nose, as he squinted in a bewildered way at his unruly pupils.
Appearances.
"Good Morning, Boys".
Twist's first appearance was in the 1937 film "Good Morning, Boys", in which he is presented as the laid-back headmaster of St. Michael's, a boys school for the sons of rich gentry, where he also teaches Science.
Initially, he turns a blind eye to the misbehaviour of the boys under his eye, and teaches the children using his method of "Twisterism", which is somehow related to Astrology and the signs of the Zodiac. However, he is later ordered by the school's new governor to adopt stricter policies, eventually turning St. Michael's into a military academy, with Twist holding an officer's rank.
"Hey! Hey! USA!".
Benjamin Twist appeared again in Hay's next film, "Hey! Hey! USA!" (1938). In this film, however, Twist is working as a porter aboard an oceangoing liner travelling between England and the United States, and during one particular voyage, he is mistaken for a scientist known as Prof. Tavistock by American gangster Bugs Leary (Edgar Kennedy), eventually becoming embroiled in a gangster plot to blackmail an American millionaire.
It is possible that "Hey! Hey! USA!" portrayed events that took place those before "Good Morning, Boys", explaining Twist's sudden change from teacher to steward, and the absence of St. Michael's School.
"Convict 99".
Benjamin Twist's final appearance in the Will Hay films was in the 1938 film "Convict 99", which was released shortly after "Hey! Hey! USA!". In this film, Twist is dismissed from St. Michaels for incompetence, and whilst attending a job interview for a position in another school, he is mistaken for Australian disciplinarian John D. Benjamin (Roy Emerton), and accidentally accepts the post of governor of Blackdown Prison in Devon (possibly based on the real-life Dartmoor Prison), where he befriends prison-warden Albert (Graham Moffatt) and inmate Jerry "The Mole" (Moore Marriott).
Other appearances.
A precursor of the Benjamin Twist character was Dr Alec Smart in "Boys Will Be Boys" (1935), who was an otherwise identical teaching character.
In "The Ghost of St. Michael's" (1941) the bumbling-teacher character has changed to William Lamb, but the character still bears similarities in appearance and manner to Benjamin Twist.

</doc>
<doc id="21608637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608637" title="Lac des Corbeaux">
Lac des Corbeaux

Lac des Corbeaux is a lake in Vosges, France. At an elevation of 887 m, its surface area is 0.09 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608653" title="Lac des Estaris">
Lac des Estaris

Lac des Estaris is a lake in Orcières, Hautes-Alpes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608659" title="Bill Dalrymple">
Bill Dalrymple

William Dunn Dalrymple (February 7, 1891) - July 14, 1967) was an American professional baseball player who played in two games for the St. Louis Browns in .
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and died at the age of 76 in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21608663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608663" title="Lac des Settons">
Lac des Settons

Lac des Settons is a lake in Nièvre, France. At an elevation of 586 m, its surface area is 3.67 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608665" title="Four-and-Twenty">
Four-and-Twenty

Four-and-Twenty (foaled 1958 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was red and raced by the Alberta Ranches, Ltd. partnership of Max Bell, Frank McMahon and superstar jockey Johnny Longden and his son, Vance. He was sired by a son of the two-time Leading sire in North America, Princequillo. His dam was Sixpence, a good runner in England and Ireland voted the 1953 British Champion Two-Year-Old Filly.
Four-and-Twenty's name came from a line in the nursery rhyme featuring the name used by his dam titled "Sing a Song of Sixpence".
Four-and-Twenty was ridden by Johnny Longden and trained by his son, Vance. In his three-year-old season in 1961, the colt won California's most important race for his age group, the one and one-eighth-mile Santa Anita Derby. He was then sent to Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky where he suffered the first loss of his career when he finished second to Crozier in the Derby Trial Stakes. Remaining at Churchill downs, Four-and-Twenty was entered in the first leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series, the one and one-quarter-mile Kentucky Derby. On race day he was sent off as the third choice among bettors behind favorite Carry Back and second choice, Crozier. In the race, Four-and-Twenty moved into the lead as the field headed for the homestretch but found the extra one-eighth of a mile too much and quickly faded in midstretch. He wound up in seventh place behind winner, Carry Back. The colt rebounded to win important races in 1961 such as the Hollywood Derby.
Competing at age four in California in races at a mile and an eight or less, Four-and-Twenty won a number of important events including the 1962 Santa Anita Maturity, San Carlos Handicap, San Fernando Stakes, and the San Bernardino Handicap. He returned to racing at age five, winning the Tropicana Hotel of Las Vegas Handicap at Bay Meadows Racetrack in San Mateo, California.
Retired to stud, Four-and-Twenty's offspring met with modest success in racing. Among his progeny was the multiple stakes winner, Haveago, whose wins included the 1971 Bing Crosby Handicap.

</doc>
<doc id="21608672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608672" title="New York Court for the Trial of Impeachments">
New York Court for the Trial of Impeachments

The Court for the Trial of Impeachments, and the Correction of Errors was established by the New York State Constitution of 1777. It consisted then of the Lieutenant Governor of New York (who is ex officio President of the State Senate), the Chancellor, the justices of the New York Supreme Court and the members of the New York State Senate. It had two distinct jurisdictions: the trial of State officers who had been impeached by the New York State Assembly, and it served as a "court of last resort" in which decisions, which had become final after being upheld by the New York Supreme Court and the Chancellor, could be reversed on non-judicial grounds, since this court did not render a judgment of law, but consisting of politicians rather than lawyers, could consider political, moral, ethical or other subjective points of view.
The Court for the Correction of Errors was abolished by the State Constitution of 1846, and its jurisdiction on appeals transferred to the succeeding New York Court of Appeals. Hiram Denio published the records of the cases which were tried in the Court for the Correction of Errors from 1830 to 1847.
The Court for the Trial of Impeachments, in the newspapers often referred to as the Impeachment Court or sometimes as the High Court of Impeachment, still exists. Since 1847, it consists of the Lieutenant Governor, the Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals, the associate judges of the Court of Appeals, and the members of the State Senate. 
Any member of this court who has been impeached and is on trial himself, is temporarily excluded from it. Likewise, if the Governor of New York or the Lieutenant Governor are tried, the Lieutenant Governor and the Temporary President of the State Senate are excluded. The impeachment now requires a majority vote of the total of members of Assembly, and a conviction requires a two-thirds majority of the Impeachment Court.
The most famous trial held by this court was the impeachment of Governor William Sulzer in 1913.
List of impeachment trials.
1853.
Canal Commissioner John C. Mather (Dem.), acquitted - Lt. Gov. Sanford E. Church presided.
1872.
Supreme Court justice George G. Barnard (Dem.), convicted unanimously - Lt. Gov. Allen C. Beach (Dem.) presided
1913.
Governor William Sulzer (Dem.), convicted - Chief Judge Edgar M. Cullen (Dem.) presided and voted against conviction.

</doc>
<doc id="21608674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608674" title="Lac de Coumasse">
Lac de Coumasse

Lac de Coumasse or Estany de la Comassa is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2160 m, its surface area is 0.04 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608689" title="Estany de la Pradella">
Estany de la Pradella

Estany de la Pradella is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1950 m, its surface area is 0.1 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608690" title="1982 Geneva Open">
1982 Geneva Open

The 1982 Geneva Open was a tennis tournament played on clay courts that was part of the 1982 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at Geneva in Switzerland and began on September 20, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21608699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608699" title="Casteilla">
Casteilla

Casteilla or Estany de la Castella is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2280 m, its surface area is 0.05 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608708" title="District of Columbia Baptist Convention">
District of Columbia Baptist Convention

__NOTOC__
The District of Columbia Baptist Convention (DCBC) is a coalition of Baptist churches in or near the Washington, DC area. The DCBC is affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA, the Southern Baptist Convention, and the Progressive National Baptist Convention. This particular triple alignment is unique among North American Baptist groups. It also holds a separate membership in the Baptist World Alliance. 
History.
The organization traces its founding to 1801 with the establishment of First Baptist Church in Washington DC. The first predecessor group to the DCBC was formed on November 26, 1877, as the Columbia Association of Baptist Churches. 
Mission and positions.
The DCBC's slogan is "One Faith. Many Cultures. Endless Possibilities." The DCBC has not taken positions on controversial social issues including abortion and homosexuality, leaving those decisions to the individual churches.

</doc>
<doc id="21608713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608713" title="Gillock Island">
Gillock Island

Gillock Island is an ice-covered island, long and wide, with numerous rock outcrops exposed along its flanks. It is aligned north-south and lies in the eastern part of Amery Ice Shelf.
Delineated in 1952 by John H. Roscoe from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946-47). Named by him for Lieutenant Robert A. Gillock, U.S. Navy, navigator on Operation Highjump photographic flights over this and other coastal areas between 14°E and 164°E. 

</doc>
<doc id="21608717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608717" title="Estany de la Balmeta">
Estany de la Balmeta

Estany de la Balmeta is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales, France. At an elevation of 2047 m, its surface area is 0.012 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608728" title="Mount Gilmour">
Mount Gilmour

Mount Gilmour () is a mountain 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Mount Passel on the central part of the irregular ridge separating Crevasse Valley Glacier and Arthur Davis Glacier (ex-Warpasgiljo Glacier), in the Edsel Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
West Base Geological Party Expedition
Discovered in 1940 by the four Geological Party Expedition members of the West Base, Little America III of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS). Named for Harold P. Gilmour, one of the four Geological Party Expedition members, recorder, and subsequently historian and administrative assistant to the expedition commander, Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd.
In February 1940, shortly after West Base was set up in Little America III, Dr. Paul Siple directed an airplane flight from the West Base to the Edsel Ford Ranges to determine where exploration and geological work was to be done during the next summer season, and numerous aerial photographs were taken. During the long winter months that followed, fairly accurate maps were made of the Southern Edsel Ford Ranges. This is an area of approximately of mountainous coastland in the northwestern region of Marie Byrd Land. During the 1940 winter night, a Geological Party Expedition of four explorers was organized and they prepared for the extremely long treck on two dog sleds to the Edsel Ford Ranges. The four-man party was composed of Lawrence A. Warner, leader and geologist, Charles F. Passel, geologist and radio operator, Harold P. Gilmour "Gil", recorder and collector of biological specimens and Loran Wells "Joe", photographer and observer. The extensive Warpasgiljo Glacier was discovered and named for these four members (WARner + PASsel + GILmour + JOe) of the Geological Party Expedition.
The Geological Party's Expedition objective was to map and geologically survey as much of the southern portion of the Edsel Ford Range as possible, and additionally investigate the natural resources of the area and triangulate accurately for improved maps of the region. The four-man Geological Party Expedition left the West Base on October 17, 1940 to explore and record the territory and returned 82 days later on January 7, 1941 traveling a total of on board their dog sleds. In the nearly three-month expedition, they had to be supported by airplanes that deposited supplies at intervals along their charted route. The Geological Party Expedition visited for the first time some 50 peaks in this region and some 300 geological specimens were collected. Mount Gilmour was one of those peaks.
Expedition Dog Sleds used in the 1939-1941 Byrd Polar Expedition
During the 1939-1941 Expedition, dog sleds were the most reliable form of ground exploration in Antarctica. A dog sled team capable of transporting two men contained nine dogs. They could haul around per dog, for a total of . For a 30-day expedition, some of food were needed for the two men and the dogs. The other were used for fuel and camping equipment. With good weather in the Antarctic summer, they could travel per day, or a total of . 

</doc>
<doc id="21608736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608736" title="Étang de Lachamp">
Étang de Lachamp

Étang de Lachamp is a lake in the commune of Manzat, Puy-de-Dôme, France. At an elevation of 820 m, its surface area is 0.13 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608740" title="Asutosh College">
Asutosh College

Asutosh College is a college affiliated to the University of Calcutta, situated in Kolkata, India. Situated in South Kolkata, it was established in the year 1916 as the South Suburban College, under the stewardship of educationist Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee, who was the then Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calcutta. The current principal is Dipak Kumar Kar.
Accreditation.
The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) visited the college in October 2002 and accredited it with ‘C++’ grade, ended up at the bottom of the table of NAAC-rated colleges in the state, West Bengal.
The ‘C++’ rating comes seventh from the top of the new nine-point scale of the NAAC. According to Antony Stella, NAAC adviser, the decision was taken on the basis of the institution's self-study reports and the findings of the NAAC team which inspected the college in August.
History.
In 1872, the General Committee of the South Suburban Group of Schools was established, presided over by mathematician Sir Asutosh Mukherjee. Forty-three years later, in 1915, permission was sought to establish a college in South Calcutta; a year later the government of India approved the upgrading of South Suburban School to an intermediate college, South Suburban College; Sir Asutosh was named as president of its governing body. The college began operations in July 1916, on Lansdown Road in Calcutta. A year later, it was moved to Russa Road. In 1918, the intermediate college was upgraded to a degree college, offering English, Bengali, Sanskrit, Philosophy, History and Economics (Political Economy and Political Philosophy).
After Sir Asutosh died in 1924, the college was renamed after him. Teaching of science subjects began in the following year. In 1927, the Asutosh Mukherjee Memorial Institute appealed to Calcutta Corporation for a parcel of land in Hazra Park, to be leased for the construction of a new building, including a library and an auditorium.
In 1934, Sri Shyamaprasad Mukherjee became President of the Governing Body; he served in this capacity until his death. The college moved to its current location in 1935.
The present building occupies , with fifty classrooms and room for about 4000 students. Twenty-eight subjects are taught as Honors/Major at the Undergraduate level.
Asutosh College Training Centre (ACTC) was formed in the Platinum Jubilee Year of the college (1991) to equip students for job-screening examinations.
In 1995, The Department of Computer Science was formed. The first undergraduate batch in Computer Science Honours degree was admitted in 2001.
In the year 2002, a post-graduation course in Environmental Science was introduced. All the departments have their own libraries; the science departments have laboratories.
In 2009, M.A./M.Sc. Course in Geography was introduced. And in 2011, B.Sc. (Hons.) in Environmental Science and M.A. Course in Bengali were introduced.
In 2012, Mother Teresa International Award was conferred to Asutosh College for outstanding achievement and contribution in the field of Best College of the Year - 2012.
Academics.
Courses Offered.
Postgraduate Courses.
Master's Degree (Science/Arts) Courses.
Recently three UGC approved free Add-On Course on Tourism, Industrial Chemistry, Hospital waste disposal management were introduced by the college.
Annexe building.
The college has an annexe, constructed during the Platinum Jubilee Year (1991) of the college. It is located across Basanta Bose Road, which runs along the north side of the college. This building houses the reading section of the Central Library and several newly emerged as well PG departments. It also houses the Asutosh College Training Centre (ACTC). This was established to equip students for job screening examinations like WBCS, SSC, SET, NET etc.
Awards.
Mother Teresa International Award conferred to Asutosh College for outstanding achievement and contribution in the field of Best College of the year 2012 on 28 April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21608742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608742" title="Crawl (Kings of Leon song)">
Crawl (Kings of Leon song)

"Crawl" is a song by American rock band Kings of Leon, and the second track of their 2008 album "Only by the Night". It was the first track to be premiered from the album, with the band offering it as a free download on their website for a short period of time. The song was voted number 70 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2008 countdown. In late October 2009, it was released as a single in Canada and the United States.
It was released as downloadable content for the "Rock Band" music video game series on July 21, 2009.
Charts.
The song charted at #70 in Australia upon the album's release in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21608745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608745" title="Lac Bleu d'Ilhéou">
Lac Bleu d'Ilhéou

Lac Bleu d'Ilhéou is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1976 m, its surface area is 0.113 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608758" title="Lac de Villegusien">
Lac de Villegusien

Lac de Villegusien (also known as Réservoir de la Vingeanne) is a lake in Haute-Marne, France. Its surface area is 1.99 km².
The Lac de Villegusien lies in the communes of Villegusien-le-Lac and Longeau-Percey.

</doc>
<doc id="21608767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608767" title="Thiadsvind">
Thiadsvind

Thiadsvind also known as Theudesinda or Theodelinda (677 - ?) was the daughter of the Friesian king Redbad. In 711 she was married to Grimoald the Younger the eldest son of Pepin of Herstal. The marriage was officiated by archbishopric or bishopric of the Frisians Willibrord. They had two sons: Theudoald and Arnold.

</doc>
<doc id="21608775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608775" title="Lac de Glandieu">
Lac de Glandieu

Lac de Glandieu is a lake in Ain, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608785" title="Étang de Soulcem">
Étang de Soulcem

Étang de Soulcem is a large artificial lake in the Pyrenees mountains in Ariège, France. It is at an elevation of 1570 m and is used for hydroelectricity, generating 62 GWh/year. The lake, which has a surface area of 0.91 km², was formed following the construction by Électricité de France of a dam across the northern end of the Vicdessos valley in 1980–1983.
The lake contains various fish including brown trout ("S. trutta"), arctic char ("S. alpinus"), brook trout ("S. fontinalis"), and common minnow ("P. phoxinus").

</doc>
<doc id="21608786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608786" title="John Humfrey">
John Humfrey

John Humfrey (1621–1719) was an English clergyman, an ejected minister from 1662 and controversialist active in the Presbyterian cause.
Life.
He graduated B.A from Pembroke College, Oxford in 1641, and M.A. in 1647. He studied in Oxford during the royalist occupation there.
He received presbyterian ordination in 1649, and became vicar of Frome Selwood, Somerset. He defended with Thomas Blake free admission to communion, in a controversy that opposed him to Roger Drake. His views of the Interregnum period were Erastian.
He was re-ordained by William Piers, Bishop of Bath and Wells in 1661. Humfrey defended his action, in "The Question of Re-Ordination"(1661). He shortly changed his mind, however, and lost his living in 1662 for nonconformism. He set up a church in Duke's Place, London, and afterwards in Petticoat Lane, Whitechapel.
With the congregationalist Stephen Lobb he wrote two works against Edward Stillingfleet's "Mischief of Separation". He was a staunch advocate of a national church and the unity of Protestants within it, and supported ‘comprehension’, the adjustment of positions to bring nonconformists back within the Church of England. His "A Case of Conscience" (1669) argued that in matter of religion the magistrate should not constrain people against the requirements of their conscience.

</doc>
<doc id="21608787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608787" title="Mount Gimber">
Mount Gimber

Mount Gimber () is an ice-covered mountain 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) southeast of Landfall Peak in the extreme west part of Thurston Island. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Commander H.M.S. Gimber, the captain of the destroyer "Brownson" in the Eastern Group of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946-47.

</doc>
<doc id="21608793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608793" title="Jeroen Appeltans">
Jeroen Appeltans

Jeroen Appeltans (born 27 August 1990 in Sint-Truiden) is a professional footballer.
Career.
He made his debut for STVV as a replacement in the 2006-2007 season against Lierse at the age of 16. He only saw action twice during this season. In the 2007-2008 season he suffered a muscle injury. In 2008-2009 he played five times. The midfielder played in the Season 2010/2011 on loan for K.V.K. Tienen and KSC Grimbergen from STVV out Sint-Truiden.
Personal life.
His uncle Ronny Appeltans made furore in the eighties with STVV as legitimate fight left back.

</doc>
<doc id="21608795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608795" title="Lac du Lauzanier">
Lac du Lauzanier

Lac du Lauzanier is a lake in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608802" title="Lac d'Estaing">
Lac d'Estaing

Lac d'Estaing is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1163 m, its surface area is 0.086 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608805" title="Ratina">
Ratina

Ratina is a suburban community in the municipality of Kraljevo, Serbia. It is located 6 kilometers from the city center and has about 12,000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="21608816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608816" title="Lac du Bourdon">
Lac du Bourdon

Lac du Bourdon is a lake in Burgundy, France. At an elevation of 215 m, its surface area is 2.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608822" title="Lac de Castillon">
Lac de Castillon

Lac de Castillon is a reservoir in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France. At an elevation of 880 m, the lake's surface area is 5 km². The Castillon dam holds of water.

</doc>
<doc id="21608827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608827" title="William Reed (composer)">
William Reed (composer)

William Leonard Reed (known as Will Reed) (16 October 1910 – 15 April 2002) was an English classical composer and pianist.
Life.
Reed was educated at Dulwich College and Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a degree in Literae Humaniores in 1933 and a diploma in education in 1934. Whilst still at Oxford, he won a composition prize for a sonata for violin and piano, and Sir Hugh Allen (Professor of Music at Oxford) recommended that he should study at the Royal College of Music. Reed studied composition with Herbert Howells and conducting with Constant Lambert. He travelled to Scandinavia on a scholarship in 1936, meeting the Finnish composer Jean Sibelius, and lectured in Scandinavia on behalf of the British Council in 1936 and 1937. In 1939, he obtained a D Mus degree from the University of Oxford.
From his time at Oxford onwards, he was a member of the Oxford Group (which later became Moral Re-Armament), an international moral and spiritual movement. He wrote reviews for the group during the Second World War, and travelled and composed extensively for them between 1940 and 1960. He became Director of Music at Westminster Theatre Arts Centre in 1966, the group's London venue, and ran a series of successful concerts there. He was a lecturer for the Workers' Educational Association from 1973 to 1997. He died on 15 April 2002.
Works.
Reed's compositional style was described as "quintessentially English", with inspiration from Howells and John Ireland mixed with "spiky dissonance". His pieces include the following:
Reed also published collections of vocal music, such as "The Golden Book of Carols" (1948), "The Treasury of Vocal Music" (1969), and editions of "National Anthems of the World" (1978 to 2002) with Michael Jamieson Bristow.

</doc>
<doc id="21608832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608832" title="Étang du Lanoux">
Étang du Lanoux

Lac du Lanoux or Estany de Lanós is the biggest lake in the Pyrénées.
It is located in the Pyrénées-Orientales, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608841" title="PSL Coach of the Season">
PSL Coach of the Season

The PSL Coach of the season in South African football

</doc>
<doc id="21608843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608843" title="Lac de Vesoul – Vaivre">
Lac de Vesoul – Vaivre

Lac de Vaivre is an artificial lake in Vesoul, in Haute-Saône, France. At an elevation of , its surface area is 0.93 km2.
Renovation of the recreation area.
Since 2009, the Urban community of Vesoul, then chaired by Alain Chrétien, Prime Deputy Vesoul, has undertaken important work in order to give a new face to the area of the lake, resulting in lifting improving the overall functioning spaces (path pedestrians, cyclists, traffic vehicles, access to the restaurant and camping) while preserving the natural beauty of the site, but also brought a lot of new things: pedestrian square, playground for children, terrace restaurant, expansion of parking, camping enhancement. Lake Vaivre now offers a perfect place to relax and rejuvenate.

</doc>
<doc id="21608845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608845" title="Windhoek Public Library">
Windhoek Public Library

Windhoek Public Library is a public library in downtown Windhoek, Namibia. Built in 1925, it is located next to the Alte Feste, which is home to the National Museum of Namibia. In February 2009, the library began undergoing renovations worth N$ 700,000, which included replacing the carpets with ceramic tiles, add air conditioning, increase lighting and create a public internet cafe.

</doc>
<doc id="21608848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608848" title="Ginger Islands">
Ginger Islands

The Ginger Islands are a group of islands lying west of Cape Alexandra, off the southern end of Adelaide Island, Antarctica. The largest of the islands appears reddish when free of snow. They were surveyed by the Royal Navy's hydrographic survey unit in 1962-63 and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Kenneth Ginger, Civil Hydrographic Officer responsible for British Admiralty charts of the Antarctic for a several years beginning in 1958.
Important Bird Area.
The island group, with the intervening marine area, has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a breeding colony of about 275 pairs of Imperial Shags, as well as over 3000 pairs of Adélie Penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="21608850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608850" title="The Scotsman Hotel">
The Scotsman Hotel

The Scotsman Hotel Edinburgh opened in 2001 in the Edwardian (1905) building which had housed The Scotsman newspaper for nearly a century. The hotel is located on North Bridge between the Royal Mile and Princes Street, thereby straddling Edinburgh’s Medieval Old Town and Georgian New Town.
Ownership.
The Scotsman is part of JJW Hotels & Resorts and was purchased by Sheikh M.B.I Al Jaber for £63 million in 2006. In August 2007, JJW acquired The Eton Collection.
The Scotsman Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels Worldwide. 
Building History.
In the 1900s the North Bridge running between the New and Old Town's of Edinburgh was widened and as part of this expansion a 190 foot high tower was built, into which The Scotsman newspaper moved their offices. The building cost around £500,000 and after the rest of the North Bridge extension was completed teamed with the Carlton directly opposite, it formed an imposing entrance to the Old Town.
The direct access from Market Street to the building was an ideal distribution outlet for the papers to be packed directly onto the trains at Edinburgh Waverley Rail Station straight from the printing house that took up the entire basement. The middle floors of the building were originally used for the editorial offices. The current penthouse used to be the Pigeon lofts. The site now occupied by the North Bridge Brasserie originally held the reception and trading rooms where bartering over advertising took place.
In 2001 the Newspaper moved to their own purpose built offices in Holyrood and the building was renovated into The Scotsman Hotel
Hotel.
The press room in the basement now houses the Scotsman Health Club and Spa with a vast state of the art gym. Facilities include a steel swimming pool, steam and sauna, tropicarium, 60-station gym, spa treatment rooms and a relaxation suite.
Ghosts.
In a link to its time as former offices of the Edinburgh Evening News, the building is reported to be "haunted by a host of ghosts, including a phantom printer and a phantom forger."

</doc>
<doc id="21608853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608853" title="Lac de Mondély">
Lac de Mondély

Lac de Mondély is a lake in Ariège, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21608855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608855" title="Buck Choquette">
Buck Choquette

Alexander "Buck" Choquette (1830–1898) was a French-Canadian prospector and adventurer who was the discoverer in 1861 of the gold strike which led to the Stikine Gold Rush.
Early life.
He was born Taddée Choquette in St. Benoit de Mirabel (Deux-Montagnes) in a farming family. His parents were Julien Choquette and Magdeleine Rastoul. His father was a farmer and also a lieutenant in the loyal militia of St. Eustache who took part in the Battle of St. Eustache against the Patriotes (December 1837). His two cousins, Damien Masson and Luc-Hyacinthe Masson, where well known Patriotes. His uncle Basile Choquette was also a captain in the loyal militia of St. Eustache, directed by Maximilien Globensky.
Choquette left home on foot in 1849 at the age of 19 and set out first for work in Montreal, then traveled via Duluth, Minnesota, to Independence, Missouri, where he joined one of the many wagon trains bound for the California Gold Rush. Arriving too late to stake a claim, Choquette found work as a mucker or panner. He worked his way north through the Shasta diggings, and then the Trinity, Scott and Klamath Rivers, reaching the Oregon Territory and making it to the Fraser goldfields in 1858. Failing to find his own strike there, in 1859 and 1860, he prospected a while on the remote Nass River and other rivers north of that without much success.
Gold discovery.
Then, on a trip to Victoria, he encountered a group of Stikine Indians, who were a subgroup of the Tlingit; suspecting the Stikine and rivers farther north were richer in gold the further one went north, he persuaded them to let him ride in their canoes to Fort Stikine (today's Wrangell, Alaska), in what was then still Russian America. No longer a Hudson's Bay Company post, the former fur post was under the control of the powerful Chief Shakes, and had become known as Shakesville. Shake's daughter Georgiana became Choquette's wife, a great honour in prestige-conscious Tlingit society. With his wife and ten men of the Stikine people, and the chief's blessing, Choquette traveled up the Stikine River, whose mouth is near Wrangell, and found gold at a location near Telegraph Creek, about up that river, at a place marked on the map today as Buck Bar. News of his strike reached Victoria and thousands of men traveled via the Stikine and overland via another route up the Stikine River and what became Hazelton. 
Choquette's own claim was not that profitable, but he opened a trading post near his claim, moving it from time to time over the years. His main post was farther down river, near the Great Glacier, at a location known as Choquette Bar today, near Choquette Hot Springs Provincial Park, and was also known as Ice Mountain, which was the name of one of the dominant peaks at that location. By 1867, Choquette and his wife were living in Shakesville, where he had operated a post for the Hudson's Bay Company, whose goods he also sold at his upriver stores. When the Alaska Purchase of that year saw control of the Alaska Panhandle transferred to the United States, Choquette chose to move upriver to his main store on the Stikine, which was at the confluence of the Stikine and Anuk Rivers. He had some disputes with the Hudson's Bay Company, and opened up his own store independent of their interests, but preferred to trade in British territory to avoid American taxes and having to buy American goods. Choquette spoke both Tlingit and the Chinook Jargon and was invaluable in intercommunal relations and commerce to all parties acquainted with him As business on the river's diggings began to slow, Choquette opened a salmon saltery and in 1886 traveled via one of the first transcontinental Canadian Pacific Railway to testify at hearings in Ottawa concerning the location of the boundary between Alaska and British Columbia.
Later years.
After the passing of his wife, with whom he had had many children, at the age of 70 Choquette struck out again for newer goldfields still farther north, opening a store in the Klondike. He died in the hospital in Dawson City in June 1898. Among his last visitors was the novelist Jack London, who had asked to meet an authentic prospector.
Legacy.
In addition to the Choquette River, other places named after him are: its source the Choquette Glacier, and Choquette Hot Springs Provincial Park (the springs themselves are the Stikine Hot Springs), and Buck Bar and also Buck Riffle near Telegraph Creek, another bar on the lower Stikine, Choquette Bar, which also was known as Buck's Bar like its upstream counterpart (as were other locations where he had at times had his store). Mount Johnny, to the southeast of Choquette Bar, was named for his son, a trapper and miner on the Iskut River, who died in the 1930s. Many of Choquette's descendants by Georgiana still live in Wrangell to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="21608862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608862" title="Beaver Group">
Beaver Group

Beaver Group is an organization whose focus is the delivery of digital signage, graphic design and web design. Beaver Group is made up of two companies, Beaver Design (founded 1978) and Beaver Solutions (founded 1998), plus a sister company Signature Digital Menus (founded 2008).
Beaver Group clients are spread between local (Hertfordshire, UK) and international markets, including the BBC, Ericsson, the UK Home Office, IKEA and P&O Cruises.
In 2008 Beaver Group was awarded 'Digital Signage Project of the Year' by the AV Awards for the deployment of digital signage for the Showcase Cinemas de Lux brand in the UK and again in 2010 for a deployment at Burger King in the UK.
Companies.
Graphic designer Alan Critchley worked as a freelance graphic designer for Nabisco (now Cereal Partners - Nestlé cereals) and Rank Xerox, at which time he met Dave Suter. In 1978 Alan and Dave partnered together to start Beaver Design, which is now a graphic and web design company.
In 2001 Beaver Design came together with Managed Information Technologies (which trades as Beaver Solutions) to form the 'Beaver Group'. Beaver Solutions is a technology company which specialises in digital signage, primarily with Scala software. Beaver Group has continued to grow, becoming one of Scala’s major UK integrators.
In late 2008, Beaver Solutions partnered together with industry leaders in digital signage to create a specific company for digital menu boards - Signature Digital Menus Ltd. Along with Sanyo, Scala, Vogels and Matrox, Signature is a company whose purpose is to provide all the elements for digital menu boards.
Products.
Although they primarily provide design and installation services, Beaver Group has also developed two tools for digital signage:
Autograph.
Autograph is a web-based tool for managing the content on a digital signage network. It has a front-end interface and communicates via open-APIs to the digital signage software, allowing users to change content without needing to understand a complete digital signage system. Its principle deployment is in the use of digital menu boards, where restaurant managers want to alter prices and add new items to their menus.
Global Media Manager.
Global Media Manager (GMM) is a tool to allow live feeds to go directly into a digital signage network. GMM has been used by companies such as the BBC and NEC, with the digital signage software Scala5 to show automatically updated information on the screens.

</doc>
<doc id="21608868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608868" title="Lac d'Izourt">
Lac d'Izourt

Lac d'Izourt is a lake in Ariège, France. At an elevation of 1645 m, its surface area is 0.33 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608878" title="Giovanni Peak">
Giovanni Peak

Giovanni Peak () is a peak rising to about 500 m at the south end of Debussy Heights, above Mozart Ice Piedmont in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica. 
First mapped from air photos taken by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48, by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1960. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in association with the Mozart Ice Piedmont after Mozart's opera "Don Giovanni", composed on October 29, 1787. Giovanni Peak seems to have some relation with nearby Figaro Nunatak, both landforms are named after operas composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and are both somewhat similar in height.

</doc>
<doc id="21608879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608879" title="Lac de Gnioure">
Lac de Gnioure

Lac de Gnioure is a lake in Ariège, France. At an elevation of 1831.5 m, its surface area is 0.86 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608891" title="Lac du Portillon">
Lac du Portillon

Lac du Portillon is a lake in Pyrénées, Haute-Garonne, France. At an elevation of 2580 m, its surface area is 0.34 km².
Perdiguero Peak rises above this lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21608892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608892" title="Caroline Bilton">
Caroline Bilton

Caroline Bilton (born Caroline Davis on 3 February 1976 in Anlaby, West Hull) is a British television presenter, currently one of the main anchors host of the BBC regional news programme "Look North", broadcast from Hull to the East Riding of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.
Early life.
Caroline grew up in Anlaby near Hull and attended Wolfreton School.
Career.
Radio.
Caroline Bilton had established her broadcasting credentials at BBC Radio Cleveland and then at the BBC in Leeds before coming home to the East Riding of Yorkshire.
Television.
Caroline frequently presents the opt-out bulletins during BBC News at One, BBC News at Six and BBC News at Ten. She also covers or reports on many of the Look North programmes throughout the day.
She is a regular host of many of Look North's live events. She shared centre stage with the Chuckle Brothers at the Christmas Lights festival in Hull, and broadcast from the reopening of the city's Wilberforce House.
Caroline joined "Look North" in Leeds when it was broadcast across the whole of the Yorkshire and Lincolnshire region. When the BBC split the region into two, Caroline moved to present on the Hull editions of the programme.
She also covers for Peter Levy on the main edition of Look North and on his radio programme on BBC Humberside when he is on holiday.

</doc>
<doc id="21608897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608897" title="Lac d'Espingo">
Lac d'Espingo

Lac d'Espingo is a lake in Haute-Garonne, Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1882 m, its surface area is 0.076 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608904" title="Al-Annazah">
Al-Annazah

Al-Annazah (; also spelled al-Annazeh) is a village, it is about 20 km to the north east of Tartus and /5/ km from the Mediterranean sea. It is less than one hour drive to Latakia and about 3 hours drive to Damascus. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Annazah had a population of 3,357 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly members of the Alawite community.
Its hills were covered with olive and oak trees with lots of caves around. Although there are no rivers in Al-Annaze, it has many valleys.
Natural parks.
Al-Annazah offers the possibility for activities such as rock climbing, valleys walking, hill jogging, bike riding or exploring the jungle. There are caves and jungles in the Ein Ibraheim area, with fresh water, many kinds of birds and wild animals. Another place is the forest which is called Alshikh Abbas.
Public services.
Health centre.
The Al-Annaze health centre is situated in the centre of the village. It has a team of nurses and doctors who serve Al-Annaze and its neighbour villages. One of the major duties of Al-Annaze medical centre is to offer immunisation services to children. Also first aid service is another major service that can be offered in Al-Annaze’s health centre. All the services in Al-Annaze health centre are free.
Although Al-Annaze is a village and it has a health centre, it has lots of private clinics which include specialists for breast care and cardiology, otorhinolaryngology, general surgery, dental clinics, and pharmacies.
Public transportations.
There are many minibuses (capacity 11 to 14 passengers) which run from Al-Annaze to Tartus many times a day. Average time journey is 30 minutes to Tartus city centre, and it is a 10-minute drive to Tartus-Latakia motorway. The first bus to the city travels at 05:00 early morning and the last one from the city is at 19:00. Two main routes can be used to travel from Al-Annaze to Tartus city centre: the first one is through the Markieh and the other one is through al-Sauda.
Telecoms services.
Syrian telecoms delivers its services to Al-Annaze through Bhanien’s electronic telephone switch. The main available service is the fixed telephone service which covers approximately 43% of the people in Al-Annaze. Data services are limited, and the Internet is available for the dial-up internet access plan only with bad quality of service, due to the limitations of the most rural electronic telephone switches in Syria. Mobile services are available on demand from the two main Syrian operators: MTN and Syriatel.
Education.
It has a big and completely new primary school which allows pupils in Al-Annaze to take their elementary and preparatory education starting from age 5/6 until age 14/15. Primary education in Syrian law is mandatory for all pupils from age 5/6 to 14/15 and it is totally free.
Al-Annaze secondary school accepts good students from different villages around Al-Annaze. The school has a lab, library, computer room, activities room and a wide area for volleyball, basketball and football. Students start their education in the secondary school at age 14/15 and they remain for 3 years to get their high school diploma, which is called Bakaloria. Every year, many graduated students from Al-Annaze secondary school go to the universities to continue their higher studies in different aspects of engineering, medicines, sciences, law, education and literature.
Most students prefer to study in Tishreen University in Latakia as a first priority, because it is close to the village around 70 km and it has a variety of faculties. Some medicine students prefer Damascus due to its good reputation. Although there are students from Al-Annaze in most the Syrian universities and institutions, Tishreen university is the major destination. Recently, some faculties have been established in Tartous and a few graduated students from Al-Annaze secondary school are doing their studies there.
Climate.
Al-Annaze’s climate is Mediterranean, it is moderate to hot and wet in summer and it is cosy and wet in winter. Winter is rainy and high humidity. January maximum and minimum temperatures are and . August maximum and minimum temperatures are and . The minimum annual rainfall in Al-Annaze is 85 cm (33.46 in), which occurs from September to May.

</doc>
<doc id="21608906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608906" title="Lac du Baggersee">
Lac du Baggersee

Lac du Baggersee is a lake in Bas-Rhin, France. The French name is a tautology as "See" already means "lake" in German.

</doc>
<doc id="21608907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608907" title="Alberta Ranches, Ltd.">
Alberta Ranches, Ltd.

Alberta Ranches, Ltd. was a Thoroughbred horse racing partnership between U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey and Kentucky Derby-winning trainer Johnny Longden, his son Vance, and businessmen and Frank McMahon, Wilder H. Ripley, and Max Bell. The three men were all longtime friends from the Province of Alberta in Canada. The partnership was formed in 1952 and was dissolved in 1962 following a dispute between McMahon and Bell. [http://vault.sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1082458/2/index.htm]
The business leased part of Bell and McMahon's Golden West Farms Thoroughbred breeding operation at Okotoks, Alberta and based their racing stable in Los Angeles, California.
Alberta Ranches, Ltd.'s racing colors were purple and white. The racing partnership notably owned Royal Serenade, a colt they bought in England and brought to California where he won the 1953 Hollywood Gold Cup. Another important horse was Four-and-Twenty who won the 1961 Hollywood and Santa Anita Derbys. In 1961 the partnership had two starters in the Kentucky Derby. They won a number of other important stakes races including the Hollywood Gold Cup (1953), Santa Margarita Invitational Handicap (1955), Palomar Handicap (1955, 1956). Santa Maria Handicap (1955, 1956). San Felipe Stakes (1961). Strub Stakes (1962), and the San Bernardino Handicap (1962).
The Longdens additionally contributed to the business through riding and training the horses. The Alberta Ranches, Ltd. partners were each successful racehorse owners, both individually as well as in other partnerships. Johnny Longden, his son, and second wife Hazel, owned a number of successful horses. Max Bell and Frank McMahon founded the Golden West Farms breeding and racing operation whose notable wins included Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate. Max Bell and Frank McMahon owned other top horses such as the colt Meadow Court in a partnership with friend, Bing Crosby. Meadow Court raced in Europe where he won the 1965 Irish Derby and the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Frank McMahon is best known as the owner of Majestic Prince who won the 1969 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes. Majestic Prince was inducted in the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21608910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608910" title="Hainault Bulldogs">
Hainault Bulldogs

Hainault Bulldogs are a rugby league team based in Dagenham, Essex. They play in the South Premier Division of the Rugby League Conference.
History.
"Hainault Bulldogs" were formed in 2007 by former Leeds and London Broncos player Kevin Reith. The 2007 season saw the Bulldogs beat all-comers within the London League and narrowly lose to a Metropolitan Police side in a friendly. The Bulldogs beat St Albans Centurions 'A' side in the semi-finals and then beat Eastern Raiders 30-4 in the final. 
2008 saw the Bulldogs form two teams, with the first team in the Rugby League Conference and a development team in the London League. The first team finished the season champions of the RLC Eastern Division and reached the semi-finals of the national play-offs.
2009 saw the Bulldogs compete in the RLC Premier and after a disastrous start managed to win 4 of their last 5 games to finsh 8th out of 10. Hainault Bulldogs 'A' failed to complete the 2009 season in the Eastern Division but will be competing in the London League in 2010.
Hainault Bulldogs failed to complete the 2011 season in the South Premier division and had their fixtures taken over by London Skolars A.
Juniors.
Hainault's juniors take part in the London Junior League.
Honours :
Under 16s London League North
Under 14s London League North

</doc>
<doc id="21608917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608917" title="Lac du Laouzas">
Lac du Laouzas

Lac du Laouzas is a lake in Tarn, France. At an elevation of 790 m, its surface area is 3.35 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608922" title="Donut Kings Pub with No Beer">
Donut Kings Pub with No Beer

Pub With No Beer is by the USA rock band Donut Kings, released under the Catseyesoup record label.
Donut Kings have a history of playing and recording "beer songs." Their most popular beer song is the re-make of a re-make of sort's, the classic "In Heaven There is No Beer" (from 1999's FAPLUNK.) Another popular tune Finnegan's Drink (from 1996's No Evacuation Possible) was a song about a drinking glass kept behind a glass case by one of its famous long dead patrons, Mr. Finnegan. In the song the new patron admires the drinking glass. But in the end he gets his due with his glass being placed next to Finnegans. The name Finnegan was a nod to the classic pub-drinking song Finnegan's Wake.
Being fond of the barley and hop concoction, the Donut Kings, over the years would eventually play the traditional Finnegan's Wake song live; especially when they would play Holyoke's Paper City Brewery on their now famous Friday Night Samplers. The boys eventually decided to record the song proper. Along with it they recorded Gordon Parson's Pub With No Beer. Most people mistake this for an Irish tune, but it actually was written in Australia. In fact the song was voted #5 on the Best Australian Songs of all time by the Australasian Performing Rights Association (APRA).
Here the Donut Kings take two classic staples and rock them up the way only the Donut Kings can do. Gone is the 3/4 time of Pub With No Beer replaced with a rocked out 4/4 time version giving it a bit of Green Day meets the Dubliners feel. Finnegan's Wake is Boston style Celtic Punk with distorted guitars along with a traditional 1918 tenor banjo. These are the NEW pub classics...the NEW drinking songs!

</doc>
<doc id="21608929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608929" title="Lac d'Alfeld">
Lac d'Alfeld

Lac d'Alfeld is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 620 m, its surface area is 0.1 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608933" title="Basra clan">
Basra clan

The Basra is a clan of Jat found in both Punjab, Pakistan and Punjab, India.

</doc>
<doc id="21608935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608935" title="Étang de la Bonde">
Étang de la Bonde

Étang de la Bonde is a lake in Vaucluse, France. Its surface area is 0.3 km².
The lake is shared by the communes of Cabrières-d'Aigues and La Motte-d'Aigues.

</doc>
<doc id="21608943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608943" title="Lac de la Ganguise">
Lac de la Ganguise

Lac de la Ganguise (also known as Retenue de l'Estrade) is a lake in Aude, France. Its surface area is 2.78 km².
It lies in the communes of Baraigne, Cumiès, Gourvieille, Belflou and Molleville.

</doc>
<doc id="21608950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608950" title="Koba Davitashvili">
Koba Davitashvili

Koba Davitashvili () (born July 31, 1971) is a Georgian politician, prominent member of Georgian opposition, member of Tbilisi City Assembly and a leader of Georgian Peoples Party.
Early life and career.
Davitashvili was born in Tbilisi on July 31, 1971. After finishing the school he graduated Tbilisi State University with degree in International law. In 1993 he took part in War in Abkhazia and served as a head of artillery unit. In 90’s Davitashvili served on several governmental positions and also practiced jurisprudence. In 1998-1999 he was a member of Tbilisi City Assembly and worked as head of Department of Human Rights. Davitashvili is married and has five children.
Political career.
After meeting Mikheil Saakashvili he served as one of the main figures in newly found United National Movement and was actively campaigning against president Eduard Shevardnadze. He didn't take active part in 2003 Georgian demonstrations because of the tensions that aroused between him and Saakashvili. However, he remained a member of Saakashvili's party until the end of 2004 Adjara crisis during which he was severely beaten by Abashidze's supporters. Davitashvili was elected as a member of Parliament of Georgia and shortly after end of elections left the UNM along with Conservative Party of Georgia. After moving to opposition he started active campaigning against President Saakashvili and at certain point publicly accused him of cheating on wife.
Davitashvili left his seat in Parliament of Georgia to take part in local elections to join Tbilisi City Assembly. Shortly after finishing of the elections footage was released which allegedly showing Davitashvili taking bribe and selling seats in his party. Davitashvili denied the accusations and stated that footage was falsified by the government. Shortly after the scandal broke up he left the Conservative Party and found Peoples party.
The same day 2007 demonstrations in Tbilisi were dispersed by riot police Davitashvili was severely beaten reportedly by the members of governmental forces. After beating he was kidnapped and taken to Gori Military Hospital by the same people he was beaten. Because of his disappearance and fact that his relatives weren't allowed to visit him gossips emerged that Davitashvili was killed. However, on the next day he held a press conference and accused Saakashvilis government of targeting him. The incident was not investigated.
Currently Davitashvili is an active member of Georgian opposition. He called Georgian opposition parties for unification against Saakashvili.

</doc>
<doc id="21608953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608953" title="Yuanshi County">
Yuanshi County

Yuanshi County () is located in the southwest of Hebei province in North China, to the south of Shijiazhuang, the provincial capital. Yuanshi County borders Gaoyi County to the south, Zhaoxian and Luancheng to the east, Jingxing County to the west and Luquan to its north.
The total area of the county is 668.4 km2, and in 2003 the population was 390,000 people.
Yuanshi became a county during the Han Dynasty and is the birthplace of Emperor Ming of Han, Li Mu and Li Zuoche.
Yuanshi was the site of the Hebei tractor rampage.
Administrative Divisions.
Subdistricts:
Towns:
Townships:

</doc>
<doc id="21608957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608957" title="Lac de Charpal">
Lac de Charpal

Lac de Charpal is a lake in Lozère, France. At an elevation of 1326 m, its surface area is 1.9 km².
Three communes border the lake: Arzenc-de-Randon, Le Born and Rieutort-de-Randon.
The Colagne and numerous brooks feed the lake, which provides Mende and other communes with water.

</doc>
<doc id="21608963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608963" title="Lac de Naussac">
Lac de Naussac

Lac de Naussac is a lake in Lozère, France. At an elevation of 945 m, its surface area is 10.8 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608975" title="Dick Clark Architecture">
Dick Clark Architecture

Dick Clark Architecture, LLC is an Austin, Texas-based architectural firm.
The firm, founded in 1979 by Dick Clark III, designs contemporary architecture. Dick Clark Architecture's projects include residential, commercial, educational and restaurant design. They are also involved in the revitalization of Austin's downtown Warehouse District. The firm has earned a number of industry awards.
The majority of the work is in central Texas; notable individual clients include Willie Nelson and Jerry Jeff Walker. Commercial clients include Isis Investments, Whole Earth Provisions, Ruth's Hospitality Group, parent company of the Ruth's Chris Steak House chain of fine dining restaurants.
Transformation of Downtown Austin.
Since the firm's founding in 1979, Dick Clark Architecture has completed over 35 projects in the downtown area. These projects include restaurants, bars, condominiums, residences and commercial spaces:
Selected Projects.
Several projects recently completed by Dick Clark Architecture are shown below. In addition to these commercial and residential projects DCA has also worked on several projects for non-profit groups including an Orphanage Design in India for the Miracle foundation which will be built the Summer of 2009.
The firm has designed numerous modernist buildings including one for Amy's Ice Cream, a local Austin favorite with an externally mounted steel stairwell.

</doc>
<doc id="21608977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608977" title="Lac de Villefort">
Lac de Villefort

Lac de Villefort is a lake in Lozère, France. At an elevation of 580 m, its surface area is 1.27 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608979" title="Glen Campbell's Twenty Golden Greats">
Glen Campbell's Twenty Golden Greats

"Glen Campbell's Twenty Golden Greats" was Glen Campbell's biggest selling album in the UK, reaching the top of the UK Albums Chart and staying on the chart for 27 weeks.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Album

</doc>
<doc id="21608981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608981" title="Lac de Saint-Andéol">
Lac de Saint-Andéol

Lac de Saint-Andéol is a lake in Lozère, France, located on the Aubrac plateau. It has an elevation of 1225 m and its surface area is 0.11 km². It's the most important lake of the Aubrac plateau and it's known for its legends. It has a glacial origin like the other lakes located in this area (Salhiens, Souveyrols, Born).

</doc>
<doc id="21608995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608995" title="Lac des Cordes">
Lac des Cordes

Lac des Cordes is a lake in Hautes-Alpes, France. At an elevation of 2446 m, its surface area is 0.02 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21608999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21608999" title="Lac de l'Eychauda">
Lac de l'Eychauda

Lac de l'Eychauda is a lake in Hautes-Alpes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609001" title="Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club">
Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club

Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club is a golf course in Radcliffe-on-Trent.
It was founded as a nine hole golf course in 1909 and is now an 18 hole parkland course, located approximately 5 miles to the east of Nottingham in Radcliffe-on-Trent on Cropwell Road, just south of the A52. Its foundation was marked with a golf match on 9 October 1909 between two notable professional golfers of the time, Tom Williamson and Harry Vardon, this was watched by over 200 spectators. The trophy, won by Vardon, was reacquired by the Club for its centenary in 2009, which was also marked with matches against Rushcliffe Golf Club which also celebrated its Centenary, and by hosting the McGregor Trophy which is the national under 16 boys stroke play tournament organised by the English Golf Union.
The course measures 6402 yards and is a par 70 with a SSS of 71. The course is characterised by tight fairways lined with mature trees, and by relatively long par 3 holes. As a private club it has a maximum of 695 male and female members.

</doc>
<doc id="21609002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609002" title="Lac d'Avène">
Lac d'Avène

Lac d'Avène is a lake at Avène in the Hérault department of France. At an elevation of 430 m, its surface area is 1.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609004" title="Mate-Demate Device">
Mate-Demate Device

A Mate-Demate Device (MDD) is a specialized crane designed to lift a Space Shuttle orbiter onto and off of the back of a Shuttle Carrier Aircraft. Four Mate-Demate Devices were built.
Edwards Airforce Base MDD.
The first MDD was located at Edwards Airforce Base in California . Many Space Shuttle missions were not able to land in Florida due to bad weather. All but one (STS-3) of these flights landed at Edwards instead. This MDD was used to hoist a Space Shuttle orbiter onto a Shuttle Carrier Aircraft for the flight back to Florida.
Kennedy Space Center MDD.
The second MDD was located at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Its primary use was unloading the orbiter after its cross-country flight from Edwards.
Orbiter Lifting Fixture.
The third MDD was built for the planned Space Shuttle operations at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Upon cancellation of Vandenberg's shuttle program, the Orbiter Lifting Fixture (OLF) was disassembled and moved to USAF Plant 42 in Palmdale California where it was used during periodic orbiter refurbishments. This structure was demolished in 2008.
Mobile MDD.
On the rare occasions when an orbiter needed to be loaded or unloaded at a location where no MDD was available, a pair of cranes was used instead. Prior to its use in 2012 to exchange Discovery and Enterprise, the mobile MDD had been stored for over twenty years.
MDDs in USSR.
For the Energia-Buran programme there was built similar structures in USSR, named PKU-50, PU-100 and PUA-100.
For the time of the Buran first flight they were operated at LII, Baikonur Jubilee airfield and Bezymyanka airport.
They were capable of loading Buran (0GT cargo) or Energia components (1GT, 2GT and 3GT cargoes) on top of Myasishchev VM-T and Antonov An-225 aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="21609010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609010" title="Agua Blanca, Oaxaca">
Agua Blanca, Oaxaca

Agua Blanca is a small beach town on the Pacific coast in Oaxaca, Mexico . It can be accessed via an unsurfaced road that exits at KM 171 on highway 200 between Puerto Escondido and Puchutla.
The community consists of about roughly 25 beach palapa restaurants serving locally caught seafood. As of 2008 there was no lodging available for rent in the area. Locals using both lines and nets catch Yellowtail amberjack, Skipjack tuna, and agujon off the beach, and the rocky shoreline is also popular for oyster divers and lobster fisherman.
Olive Ridley and Leatherback sea turtles nest on the western end of the beach and their eggs are often collected by the locals to protect them from predators until they hatch and can be released.
Agua Blanca is popular with Mexican tourists during the Christmas holiday and Semana Santa periods, but is relatively unvisited by the foreign tourists who flock to nearby Puerto Escondido.

</doc>
<doc id="21609019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609019" title="M1870 Belgian Comblain">
M1870 Belgian Comblain

The M1870 Belgian Comblain was a falling-block rifle invented by Hubert-Joseph Comblain of Liège, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="21609020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609020" title="Lac de la Lande">
Lac de la Lande

Lac de la Lande is a lake in Vosges, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609025" title="Junctional epidermolysis bullosa">
Junctional epidermolysis bullosa

Junctional epidermolysis bullosa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609039" title="From Raxacoricofallapatorius with Love">
From Raxacoricofallapatorius with Love

"From Raxacoricofallapatorius with Love" is a special one-off episode from "Doctor Who" spin-off "The Sarah Jane Adventures". It was the first "Doctor Who" spin-off to produce a special for Comic Relief and was broadcast on 13 March 2009 as part of Red Nose Day 2009.
Plot.
The gang are talking to Mr Smith when suddenly there is a breach in the attic. Mr Smith identifies the disturbance as a teleport and a diplomat named Ranius (or Rani) (played by Ronnie Corbett) appears. He states that he represents the Galactic Alliance and gives them all gifts for defending the Earth so valiantly. He then pulls up a chair to talk to them and experiences apparent flatulence. Sarah Jane, Clyde, Rani and Luke all notice the similarity of the constant flatulence with that of a Slitheen wearing a skin suit, which Rani denies quite strongly. K-9 materialises and confirms Smith's identification, but Rani states all dogs should be put on a lead and clamps K-9.
After further interrogation Rani immobilises Sarah Jane's, Luke's, Clyde's and Rani's feet using the gifts he had given them and reveals himself to be a Slitheen after all, unzipping his forehead to reveal a diminutive Raxacoricofallapatorian and stating his plan to steal K-9 and the information it contains. Thinking swiftly, Sarah Jane manages to use her sonic lipstick to release their feet clamps and clamp Rani's feet. Clyde then throws Rani's bowler hat at a switch on Mr Smith, teleporting Rani away and releasing the clamp on K-9.
Outside references.
The script includes several references to "The Two Ronnies". Corbett's character name, Rani, is a pun on Ronnie, highlighted when he claims that he and Sarah's human friend Rani Chandra could be classed as "The Two Ranis". The story Ambassador Rani tells is also a reference to "The Two Ronnies" - both the visual of Corbett sitting in the chair and his mention of "Fork Handles" (or Four Candles). Finally, at the end of the scene, Sarah Jane utters Ronnie Barker's catchphrase "...and it's goodnight from him".
The scene also makes two references to Red Nose Day. The gifts bestowed on Sarah and her friends are Comic Relief deely boppers, and the final shot of the scene is K-9 sporting a Red Nose.

</doc>
<doc id="21609041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609041" title="Lac de Bonnal">
Lac de Bonnal

Lac de Bonnal is a lake between Haute-Saône and Doubs, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609046" title="Westland Wizard">
Westland Wizard

The Westland Wizard was Westland Aircraft's first attempt to produce a monoplane fighter. The project was privately funded and the prototype design was done in the spare time of the company's engineers. This all happened during 1926, with high-speed performance as the primary goal.
Design and development.
Development of the aircraft later known as the Westland Wizard began in 1925, when some of the companies engineers drew up, in their spare time, the design for a single seat racing aircraft, the Westland Racer. This was a parasol monoplane, of mixed construction, with a Duralumin and steel-tube forward fuselage covered with metal and fabric skinning, a wood and fabric rear fuselage and a wooden wing. The Westland Widgeon, also a monoplane, had influenced the designers in their choice of wing arrangement. After receiving permission from Westland's management, a prototype was constructed, powered by a surplus 275 hp (205 kW) Rolls-Royce Falcon III engine salvaged from the prototype Westland Limousine transport after the Limousine was wrecked in a taxying accident.
The Racer made its maiden flight in Spring 1926. Later that year, however, it was badly damaged in an emergency landing at Westland's Yeovil factory. It was decided to rebuild the aircraft as a fighter, with a new, all-metal, fuselage. The Falcon was replaced by one of Rolls-Royce's new F.XI (later known as the Kestrel engines giving 490 hp (366 kW) in a more streamlined nose, while two Vickers machine guns were mounted semi-externally in the fuselage sides. It retained the wooden parasol wing of the Racer, which was mounted close to the fuselage on tandem pylons on the fuselage centreline. The undercarriage was of tailwheel type, while the thick section wing allowed the aircraft's fuel tanks to be buried in the wing, saving space in the fusealge while keeping wing drag low, also allowing a gravity feed to the engine and reducing fire risks. The cockpit was more or less in line with the trailing edge of the wing. The seat was of such a height that the pilot's eyes were in the neighbourhood of being level with the wing. This enabled him to look either over or under the wing. The height of the seat was adjustable on the ground, and the rudder bar could be set up for two positions to suit different pilots.
The rebuilt aircraft, now known as the Wizard, flew in November 1927.
The Wizard was fast and had impressive climb performance, and was tested by the Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment (A&AEE) at RAF Martlesham Heath from the end of January 1928. While the A&AEEs test pilots praised the Wizrd's performance, they criticised the pilot's forward view and considered the aileron control loads too heavy. During the summer of 1928, the Wizard made its first public appearance at the Royal Air Force Display at Hendon, among the other new single-seater fighters. The Wizard attracted a great deal of attention, mainly because of its clean lines and generally attractive appearance, as well as its unusual layout. (Parasol monoplane designs has not been in service with the Royal Air Force since the days of the First World War, when a number of Morane-Saulnier's were used. Since then the RAF had used biplanes or at most sesquiplanes for its fighters).
The Air Ministry remained interested in the Wizard and gave Westland a contract to further develop the Wizard. It was fitted with a new, all-metal wing of increased span and reduced chord. In order to improve the view for the pilot, the wing was fitted with a much thinner centre section and was mounted on more conventional cabane strutting. It had new inset ailerons. The engine was also replaced by a supercharged 500 hp (373 kW) Rolls-Royce F.XIS. In this form it was known as the Wizard II.
The Wizard II had lower performance than the earlier version, and did not impress the Air Ministry sufficiently for it to over-ride its long standing preference for biplane fighters.

</doc>
<doc id="21609051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609051" title="Lac Achard">
Lac Achard

Lac Achard is a lake in Isère, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609052" title="Xolnar">
Xolnar

Xolnar is a fictional planet in the 30th and 31st centuries of the . It is the home world of Rainbow Girl, Dori Aandraison.
Xolnar is invaded by the Khunds during the pre-"Zero Hour" continuity.

</doc>
<doc id="21609053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609053" title="The Eton Collection">
The Eton Collection

The Eton Collection is a group of three luxury boutique and town house hotels, in the four and five star sector. It was founded in 1998 and has hotels in London and Edinburgh. The group was purchased by Sheikh Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21609055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609055" title="Lac du Crescent">
Lac du Crescent

Lac du Crescent is a lake in Nièvre, France. At an elevation of 300 m, its surface area is 1.65 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609057" title="2006 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 2">
2006 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 2

The 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group 2 was a UEFA qualifying group for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. The group comprised Albania, Denmark, Georgia, Greece, Kazakhstan, Turkey and Ukraine.
The group was won by Ukraine, who qualified for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. The runners-up Turkey entered the UEFA Qualification Playoffs.
It was the first time when Kazakhstan took part in qualification from UEFA region, not AFC.

</doc>
<doc id="21609063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609063" title="Portsmouth Navy Seahawks">
Portsmouth Navy Seahawks

Portsmouth Navy Seahawks are a rugby league team based in Gosport, Hampshire. They play in the South Premier Division of the Rugby League Conference. The Seahawks, as a club, is open to non-service players as well as members of the Royal Navy.
History.
"Gosport & Fareham Vikings" joined the London & South Division of the Rugby League Conference in 2003. The club made a midseason withdrawal in 2005 and didn't return to the Conference until 2007, this time to the South Division.
Gosport & Fareham Vikings became "Portsmouth Navy Seahawks" for the 2008 season and took part in the Rugby League Conference South Premier Division finishing fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="21609065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609065" title="Timeline of computing 2000–09">
Timeline of computing 2000–09


</doc>
<doc id="21609068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609068" title="Junctional epidermolysis bullosa (medicine)">
Junctional epidermolysis bullosa (medicine)

Junctional epidermolysis bullosa is a skin condition characterized by blister formation within the lamina lucida of the basement membrane zone.
Classification.
Junctional epidermolysis bullosa with pyloric atresia.
"Junctional epidermolysis bullosa with pyloric atresia" is a rare autosomal recessive form of junctional epidermolysis bullosa that presents at birth with severe mucocutaneous fragility and gastric outlet obstruction. It can be associated with "ITGB4" or "ITGA6".
Herlitz type.
"Junctional epidermolysis bullosa gravis" (also known as "Herlitz disease," "Herlitz syndrome," and "Lethal junctional epidermolysis bullosa") is the most lethal type of epidermolysis bullosa, a skin condition in which most patients do not survive infancy, characterized by blistering at birth with severe and clinically distinctive perorificial granulation tissue.
Non-Herlitz type.
These include:
Pathophysiology.
α6β4 integrin is a transmembrane protein found in hemidesmosomes. As a heterodimer molecule containing two polypeptide chains its extracellular domain enters the basal lamina and interacts with type IV collagen suprastructure containing laminins (laminin-5), entactin/nidongen or the perlecan. on the extracellular surface of the hemidesmosome, laminin-5 molecules form threadlike anchoring filaments that extend from the integrin molecules to the structure of the basement membrane of epithelial adhesion. Mutation of the genes encoding laminin-5 chains results in junctional epidermolysis bullosa.

</doc>
<doc id="21609071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609071" title="Lac de Chaumeçon">
Lac de Chaumeçon

Lac de Chaumeçon is a lake in Nièvre, France. At an elevation of 400 m, its surface area is 1.35 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609072" title="$100,000 infield">
$100,000 infield

The $100,000 infield ($ today) was the name given to the famous infield of the Philadelphia Athletics in the early 1910s. The $100,000 infield consisted of first baseman Stuffy McInnis, second baseman Eddie Collins, shortstop Jack Barry and third baseman Frank Baker.
Baseball historian Bill James rated the 1914 edition of the $100,000 infield the greatest infield of all time, and also ranked the 1912 and 1913 editions in the top five all time. The $100,000 infield helped the Athletics win four American League championships in five years—, , and —and win the World Series in 1910, 1911 and 1913. The group was broken up after losing the 1914 World Series as a result of the financial pressures resulting from the emergence of the Federal League. Two members—Collins and Baker—have been inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Eddie Collins.
Collins was the first member of the $100,000 infield to join the Athletics. He debuted on September 17, 1906, after playing college ball at Columbia University. In 1906 and 1907, he played 20 games for the Athletics, mostly at shortstop. In 1908, he took over as the Athletics' regular second baseman, replacing Danny Murphy, who moved to the outfield. During the $100,000 infield years from 1910 to 1914, he played 738 games, getting 922 hits in 2,677 at bats for a batting average of .344. He led the American League in runs in 1912, 1913 and 1914, stolen bases in 1910, singles in 1913 and times on base in 1914. He also finished in the top ten in the American League in batting average, on-base percentage, hits, stolen bases, singles and times on base every year from 1910 through 1914. In addition, he finished in the top ten in American Most Valuable Player voting every year from 1911 through 1914, winning the Most Valuable Player award in 1914. He was sold to the Chicago White Sox after the 1914 season as Athletics' manager Connie Mack attempted to respond to the financial pressures brought on by the newly formed Federal League, breaking up the $100,000 infield. He returned to Mack and the Athletics in 1927, finishing his career playing 12 games for the Athletics in their 1929 and 1930 World Championship seasons. He was elected to the Hall of Fame in 1939.
Jack Barry.
Barry was the next to join the Athletics, debuting on July 13, 1908, after playing for the College of the Holy Cross. Between 1910 and 1914, Barry played 686 games for the Athletics, getting 607 hits in 2,334 at bats for a batting average of .260. He finished in the American League top ten in sacrifice hits every year from 1911 through 1914, and ranked fifth in the American League in runs batted in in 1913. But his primary contributions were on defense, where he had a strong arm, enormous range and sure hands, and was able to work out innovative plays with his good friend Collins, such as a defense against the double steal. He finished in the top 20 in Most Valuable Player voting every year from 1911 through 1914, with his best showing a ninth place finish in 1913. He was sold to the Boston Red Sox in the middle of the 1915 season, where he moved to second base and played on the Red Sox' 1915 and 1916 World Championship teams. He missed the Red Sox 1918 Championship season due to service in the U.S. Navy.
Frank "Home Run" Baker.
Baker also joined the Athletics in 1908, debuting on September 21. He became the Athletics regular third baseman in 1909, and led the American League in triples that season. Between 1910 and 1914, Baker played 742 games for the Athletics, getting 929 hits in 2,864 at bats for a batting average of .324. He led the American League in home runs every year from 1911 through 1914, and led the league in runs batted in during 1912 and 1913. He also finished in the top ten in batting average, slugging percentage, on-base percentage and times on base every year from 1911 through 1914, and finished in the top ten in runs scored, hits, doubles, total bases, extra base hits and runs batted in every year from 1910 through 1914. He finished in the top ten in the American League Most Valuable Player voting every year from 1911 through 1914, finishing third in 1914, his highest showing. Baker was the hero of the 1911 World Series, hitting two home runs to help the Athletics win the series, which earned him the nickname "Home Run" Baker. Baker held out the 1915 season when manager and owner Connie Mack refused to increase his salary, and was sold to the New York Yankees in 1916 after American League president Ban Johnson intervened. He finished his career as the third baseman for the Yankees pennant-winning teams in 1921 and 1922. Baker was elected to the Hall of Fame in 1955.
Stuffy McInnis.
McInnis was the final member of the $100,000 infield to join. He started his career as an 18-year-old little-used backup infielder for the Athletics in 1909, and played a little more in 1910. In 1909 and 1910, he played more games backing up Barry at shortstop than at any other position. Before the 1911 season, Mack decided to make McInnis his regular first baseman, replacing the popular veteran Harry Davis, although McInnis did have to begin the season as the Athletics' shortstop when Barry became ill before taking over at first base. Defensively as a first baseman, he was known for having exceptional reach. Between 1910 and 1914, McInnis played 614 games for the Athletics, getting 715 hits in 2,228 at bats for a batting average of .321. He led the American League in singles in 1914, and finished in the top ten in batting average, hits, total bases, runs batted in and singles every year from 1912 through 1914. In both 1912 and 1913, he also finished in the top ten in slugging percentage and on-base percentage. He received Most Valuable Player votes every season from 1911 through 1914, finishing seventh in both 1913 and 1914. McInnis is the only member of the $100,000 infield to remain with the Athletics beyond 1915. He was eventually traded to the Boston Red Sox in 1918 in exchange for Larry Gardner, Hick Cady and Tilly Walker, where he played on Boston's 1918 World Championship team. He also reteamed with Barry on the 1919 Boston Red Sox. Before finishing his career in 1927 he also played with the Cleveland Indians, Boston Braves, Pittsburgh Pirates and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="21609078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609078" title="Lac de Saint-Agnan">
Lac de Saint-Agnan

Lac de Saint-Agnan is a lake in Nièvre, France. At an elevation of 560 m, its surface area is 1.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609080" title="Choquette">
Choquette

Choquette may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609085" title="Harry Lockett">
Harry Lockett

Harold "Harry" Lockett (1855 – 1930) was an English association football manager and administrator.
Career.
Lockett was born in Stoke-upon-Trent and was appointed manager-secretary of Stoke in 1884 replacing Walter Cox. He was Stoke manager when professionalism was introduced in August 1885, agreeing to pay his players, half-a-crown (13p) a week. However following a threat of strike action amongst the players when the club wished to introduce different pay levels, it was increase to five shillings (25p).
A football season at this time consisted of numerous friendly matches and the eagerly anticipated FA Cup and the Staffordshire Senior Cup. However once a team has been knocked out of the cup there was little excitement for players and supporters and so a league format was advocated by the chairman of Aston Villa, William McGregor and in the spring of 1888 the Football League was formed with McGregor as its first president. Lockett represented Stoke at the meeting in Anderton's Hall Hotel, London and was successful as three weeks later Stoke joined the league and Lockett was appointed as the league's first secretary. 
Stoke's first season in league football didn't go well at all and the team had the misfortune to finish bottom of the table, albeit on goal-average after only winning four of their 22 matches. The following season was even worse with Stoke again taking bottom spot and suffered a number of heavy defeats most notably the club's record loss, 10–0 against Preston North End. This time Stoke failed to gain re-election and their place was taken by Sunderland and Stoke joined the Football Alliance. Lockett then decided to relinquish his position at Stoke to concentrate on his time-consuming position with the Football League, where he stayed until 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="21609095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609095" title="Lac d'Esparron">
Lac d'Esparron

Lac d'Esparron is a lake in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France. At an elevation of 359 m, its surface area is 3.28 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609097" title="Institut Jeanne Gatineau">
Institut Jeanne Gatineau

Institut Jeanne Gatineau was a French cosmetics business which emphasized products for the face and body. The company maintained a "technologically advanced treatment line."
Institut Jeanne Gatineau was acquired by Revlon in February 1980 with the approval of the French government.
The French concern trained professionals and consumers in the techniques of beauty care and makeup. A stock market analyst described the Revlon purchase of Institut Jeanne Gatineau as a positive move in its transition from a cosmetics retailer which emphasized treatment rather than merely a seller of shaded cosmetics and fragrances.
The Institut Jeanne Gatineau salon offered half hour French facial consultations at its Broadway (Manhattan) location in February 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21609100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609100" title="Lac de Blanchemer">
Lac de Blanchemer

Lac de Blanchemer is a lake at La Bresse in Vosges, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609108" title="Lac du Tolerme">
Lac du Tolerme

Lac du Tolerme is a lake in Lot, France. At an elevation of 532 m, its surface area is 0.38 km².
The Lac de Tolerme is located between the communes of Gorses and Sénaillac-Latronquière.

</doc>
<doc id="21609113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609113" title="Cabacés">
Cabacés

Cabacés is a municipality in the comarca of Priorat in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="21609117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609117" title="Benito Urteaga">
Benito Urteaga

Benito Urteaga was a Marxist revolutionary and guerrilla from Argentina. He was born in 1946 and was killed on July 19, 1976. After Mario Roberto Santucho, he was the second most important person of ERP. He was killed together with Mario Roberto Santucho by military forces in Buenos Aires in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21609119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609119" title="Étang de Bois Rouge">
Étang de Bois Rouge

Étang de Bois Rouge is a lake in the city of St.André, Réunion, France. At an elevation of 1 m, its surface area is 0.05 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609126" title="Étangs de Vaux et de Baye">
Étangs de Vaux et de Baye

Étangs de Vaux et de Baye is a group of lakes in Nièvre, Burgundy, France. At an elevation of 235 m, their surface area is 2.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609134" title="Born lake">
Born lake

Born lake is a lake in Lozère, France, located on the Aubrac plateau. It has an elevation of 1260 m (the highest lake of the plateau). Its surface area is 0.05 km². It has a glacial origin like the other lakes located in this area (St Andéol, Souveyrols, Salhiens)

</doc>
<doc id="21609139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609139" title="GRT Corporation">
GRT Corporation

GRT Corporation is an information technology firm based in Stamford, Connecticut. GRT provides enterprise data management and Business Intelligence solutions to 50/1000 clients in industries including financial services, insurance, life sciences, manufacturing, telecommunications, consumer products, energy and utilities.
Services.
GRT combines local onsite, offsite and offshore resources, with claimed competencies in:
Development approach.
Industry standard approaches incorporated in GRT Project Management and Development include:
Staff agency.
GRT also provides staff to work on Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence (DW/BI) strategy and business case development, design, implementation, and 24/7 management of the DW/BI infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="21609141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609141" title="Étang de Barrandon">
Étang de Barrandon

Étang de Barrandon is a lake in Saint-Étienne-du-Valdonnez, Lozère, France. At an elevation of 1375 m, its surface area is 0.073 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609151" title="The Two Sisters (novel)">
The Two Sisters (novel)

The Two Sisters was the first novel published by English author H. E. Bates in 1926.
Background.
It was his first novel, though he had published a one-act play "The Last Bread" earlier that year.The book was inspired by one of his midnight walks, which took him to the small village of Farndish in Bedfordshire. There, late at night, he saw a light burning in a cottage window and it was this that triggered the story. 
It was written when Bates was only 19 living in Rushden and working as a warehouse clerk. It was rejected by nine publishers before being accepted by Jonathan Cape at the recommendation of Edward Garnett, who also wrote an introduction to the novel
Plot introduction.
Jenny and her younger sister Tessie live in an isolated farmhouse with their recently widowed and tyrannical father Jacob and their two brothers Jim and Luke. Tessie seeks escape in the local dancehall. Jenny stays at home. Then an unexpected visitor Michael Winter breaks into their quiet lives; both sisters falling in love with him.

</doc>
<doc id="21609152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609152" title="Lac des Salhiens">
Lac des Salhiens

Lac des Salhiens is a lake located in Lozère, France, on the Aubrac plateau. It has a glacial origin like the other lakes located in this area (St Andéol, Souveyrols, Born). Its surface area is 0.06 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609153" title="Eastern Michigan University Department of Special Education">
Eastern Michigan University Department of Special Education

The Eastern Michigan University Department of Special Education is among the oldest special education programs in the United States. The Department of Special Education falls under the Eastern Michigan University College of Education at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, Michigan. The Eastern Michigan University Department of Special Education provides extensive studies for those wanting to participate in the disabled community. There are currently five programs or courses of study one may choose to follow, if they wish to obtain a bachelors degree and a recommendation to the Michigan Department of Education K-12 endorsement as a Teacher of Students with Impairments.
History.
Eastern Michigan University Department of Special Education is among the oldest special education program in the United States. In 1923, the Michigan State Legislature passed bills that gave school districts state funds if they included and established special schools for handicapped students: those of cognitive impairment, those of the deaf, those who were crippled or those who were visually impaired. Though the receiving state funds seemed incising, the new bills also included that the educators of these new special schools must be specifically trained for their work. The state board of education came to the realization that such teachers were of no supply. They then established an official department at the Michigan State Normal College (previous name of Eastern Michigan University until 1956). This was the beginning of Eastern Michigan’s Department of Education. By 1928, Michigan State Normal College provided classes for teachers training to be educators of the deaf and hard of hearing (now referred to as hearing impaired), for the crippled (now referred to as physical and other health impairments) and for the mentally retarded (now cognitively impaired). In 1929, a class for children with defective vision (now visually impaired) was established.
Though the department was made official in 1923, the very first education course in the program was in the summer of 1915 when Dr. Charles Scott Berry took his work from the Feeble-minded school of Lapeer to Michigan State Normal College. Dr. Berry had taken charge of the school until the summer of 1917, where Professor Charles Elliott claimed his spot. The first laboratory class for teachers of the disabled was made possible in 1918, having Miss Blanche Towne as the training teacher. Since then, all of the work set forth by Dr. Berry has been for training teachers for children with various impairments.
Original Courses.
The first courses that Michigan State Normal College started for the Department of Special Education were in the summer of 1915. The courses that were offered are as follows:
1. Mental deficiency
2. Psychology of backward and mentally deficient children
3. Methods of training backward and mentally deficient children
4. Demonstration special class
5. Health inspection
6. Mechanics of exercise
7. Speech defects
8. Basketry, weaving, and mat work. 
Current Majors.
Eastern Michigan University’s Department of Special Education currently offers six majors that fulfill five endorsements of teaching. There is a Cognitive Impairment major, and Emotional Impairment major, a Hearing Impairment major, a Speech/Language Pathology major, a Teacher of Students with Physical and other Health Impairment major, and a visual Impairment major. The CI (Cognitive Impaired) major qualifies one for a recommendation to the Michigan Department of Education for k-12 endorsement as a Teacher of Students with Cognitive Impairment. This particular program requires 151 hours worth of credits, which includes general education credit requirements from the University. The EI (Emotional Impairment) also qualifies one for a recommendation to the Michigan department of Education for k-12 endorsement as a Teacher of Students with Emotional Impairments. This program requires 136 hours worth of credits. HI, the Hearing Impairment program, qualifies one for a recommendation to the Michigan department of Education for k-12 endorsement as a Teacher of Students with Hearing Impairment. Eastern Michigan has been an approved center for training teachers of the hearing impaired since 1967. VI, the Visual Impairment program, qualifies one for a recommendation to the Michigan department of Education for k-12 endorsement as a Teacher of Students with Visual Impairment. Finally, the Speech/Language Pathology Major offered by the Department of Special Education of Eastern Michigan University is one a program that finishes with the completion of a masters degree. The bachelors degree itself does not qualify the recommendation to the Michigan department of Education.
Department Residence.
The Department of Education originally resided in the Peirce building on the campus of Eastern Michigan University. There was very little space for the department there. In 1937, Professor Elliott received $280,000 via the Horace H. and Mary A. Rackham foundation, to construct a building that was specifically made for the training of teachers with various types of handicaps. This was the first building in the United States that had these kind of accommodates for disabled children. In 1999, the Department of Special Education joined the Department of Teacher Education into the John W. Porter building, which was constructed that very year.
Articles Referencing EMU’s Special Education Program.
In 2008, Dee and Brehm William $1 million gift to the Department of Special Education at Eastern Michigan University. 
In 2003, the Eastern Michigan faculty newspaper referred to the department’s audition to online courses for autism endorsements. 

</doc>
<doc id="21609155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609155" title="Guaranty Trust Bank (Uganda)">
Guaranty Trust Bank (Uganda)

Guaranty Trust Bank (Uganda), commonly referred to as GT Bank (Uganda) is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Uganda, the central bank of that country and the national banking regulator.
Overview.
The bank is a small, fast-growing banking institution, providing commercial banking services to individuals and small to medium sized corporate clients. As of December 2011, the asset valuation of the bank was estimated to be approximately US$34.5 million (KES:2.9 billion), with shareholders' equity of about US$5.13 million (KES:429.3 billion) At that time, the bank was the 19th largest commercial bank in Uganda with about 1% of all bank assets in the country. The bank is a subsidiary of Guaranty Trust Bank (GT Bank), a Nigerian financial services conglomerate, with assets in excess of US$11.5 billion, as of March 2013. GT Bank has subsidiaries in the following countries:
History.
The bank was founded in 2008 as Fina Bank (Uganda), a subsidiary of the Fina Bank Group, based in Kenya. In 2013, the Group sold 70% shareholding to Guaranty Trust Bank for a cash consideration of US$100 million. In January 2014, the bank rebranded to its current name to reflect its current shareholding.
Ownership.
, the shareholding in Guaranty Trust Bank (Uganda) is depicted in the table below:
Governance.
GT Bank (Uganda) is governed by a nine-person Board of Directors. Ramesh Babu, one of the non-Executive Directors is the Chairman of the Board. Pooran Chand Kukreja, one of the Executive Directors, serves as the Managing Director. He is assisted by six other managers in supervising the bank's daily activities.
Branch Network.
, GT Bank Uganda has a network of seven branches in various Ugandan urban centers, including the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="21609166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609166" title="Souveyrols lake">
Souveyrols lake

Souveyrols lake is a lake in Lozère, France on the Aubrac plateau. It has a glacial origin. Its surface area is 0.016 km². On his banks, grows the spectacular plant named Ligularia sibirica. This boreal species is usually present in Russia and Siberia and is very rare in Western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="21609170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609170" title="Heather Maclean">
Heather Maclean

Heather Maclean is a New York Times best-selling American author.
Early life and education.
Maclean was born Heather Beach on October 18, 1972 in St. Louis, Missouri. She graduated from Cor Jesu Academy in St. Louis in 1990. In 1994, she graduated from Princeton University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English Literature.
At Princeton, she was the Publisher of "Business Today", the largest student-run magazine in the world, founded by Steve Forbes in 1968.
Career.
Maclean began her career at The Walt Disney Company where she co-created the Disneyland Resort's first Website, www.disneyland.com, produced the company's first international intranet Team Disney, and had the distinction of being the first person ever to answer Mickey Mouse's e-mail. Following Disney, she worked at Internet retailer Buy.com.
In 2001, Maclean founded Little Laureate, a children’s educational media production company. Little Laureate’s DVDs were named one of the “Best Video Series of All Time” by "Parents" magazine.
Writing.
Maclean’s work has appeared in "Condé Nast Traveler", "Fit Pregnancy", "New York Parent" magazine and "Princeton Alumni Weekly". 
Maclean has written and edited 10 published non-fiction books, mostly on cooking and food-related categories including "The Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Sixties Cookbook" and HBO's "The Weight of the Nation." Three of Maclean's books -- "Skinny Italian," "Fabulicious!," and "Fabulicious! Fast & Fit"—all cookbooks of healthy, authentic Italian food written with Teresa Giudice—have been on The New York Times Best Seller list rising as high as #5. "Skinny Italian" was published by Hyperion in 2010. "Fabulicious!" and "Fabulicious! Fast & Fit" were published by Running Press/Perseus Books, in 2011 and 2012. Her fourth collaboration with Giudice, "Fabulicious! On the Grill" will be released by Running Press in May 2013.
Maclean’s first book, "The Baby Gizmo Buying Guide: From Pacifiers to Potties . . . Why, When, and What to Buy for Pregnancy Through Preschool", a non-fiction resource for new parents, was published by Thomas Nelson in 2008.
Maclean was first published under the name Heather Michelle Beach in 1990 when an award-winning speech she wrote for the Voice of Democracy broadcast scriptwriting contest, sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars, was entered into the United States Congressional Record by Congressman Richard A. Gephardt.
Television.
Maclean starred with Richard Branson on the television show "The Rebel Billionaire", an "Apprentice"-meets-"Amazing Race" reality program broadcast on the Fox network in 2005, and shown in 19 countries around the world. Maclean was one of the final contestants and appeared in every episode.
Maclean is an on-air parenting contributor to many news programs, including Good Morning America, the CBS Early Show, ABC News, Fox Business Network and ParentsTV. She has also guest-starred on Sirius XM Radio's Doctor Radio program.

</doc>
<doc id="21609173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609173" title="Shaoul Smira">
Shaoul Smira

Shaoul Smira is an American artist.
Early life.
Shaoul smira moved to Israel from Iraq as a child in 1951, found his métier in art and received his training in Tel Aviv, Israel at the Avni Art Institute. In 1965 he moved to Paris and continued his studies in the Academy Chomier. These endeavors progressed in 1971 when Smira attended the Antwerp Academy to study etching and in 1976 when he attended workshops in Belgium to study the process of cast paper work. Smira also attended workshops in 1985 at the Atelier Mourlot for series of lithos. Smira has been living and working in New York since 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21609175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609175" title="Giovanni Bolzoni (composer)">
Giovanni Bolzoni (composer)

Giovanni Bolzoni (May 15, 1841 – February 21, 1919) was an Italian composer and violinist, who is known for his Minuet for String Orchestra.
Life and career.
Born in Parma, Bolzoni studied at the Parma Conservatory. He was violinist in an orchestra in Savona, then after six years became its concertmaster and conductor. This was followed by three years in Perugia as conductor and director of the Istituto Morlacchi. In 1887, he became director of the Istituto Musicale, concertmaster at the Teatro Regio di Parma and of the Concerti Popolari.
Bolzoni was the long-time director of the conservatory of music in Turin. Among his notable pupils were composers Carlo Adolfo Cantù and Edgard Varèse.
In 1884, he conducted the premiere of the revised version of Puccini's opera "Le Villi".
Bolzoni died in Turin.
Compositions.
Besides the popular Minuet, Bolzoni composed the operas "Il matrimonio civile" (premiered in Parma, 1870), "La stella delle Alpi" (Savona, 1876), and "Jella" (Piacenza, 1881). He also wrote "Tema con variazioni" for string orchestra, "Al castello medioevale" for small orchestra, a string quartet, quartets, quintets, and violin pieces.
Recordings.
Arturo Toscanini performed some of Bolzoni's music; two 1943 performances with the NBC Symphony Orchestra have been preserved on disc. In 1958, Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra recorded Bolzoni's Minuet for RCA Victor as part of the "Boston Tea Party" album, which was later issued on CD. The work has also been recorded by Frederick Fennell and the London Pops Orchestra for Mercury Records and Neeme Järvi and the Detroit Symphony Orchestra for Chandos Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21609182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609182" title="Lac de Goria">
Lac de Goria

Lac de Goria is a lake in Corsica, France. At an elevation of 1852 m, its surface area is 0.04 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609194" title="Gazanfer Özcan">
Gazanfer Özcan

Saim Gazanfer Özcan (January 27, 1931 – February 17, 2009) was a Turkish actor.
Biography.
Born on January 27, 1931 in Istanbul, Özcan started his career as an actor with the play "Hisse-i Şaiya" at Vefa High School. Honored as a State Artist by the Ministry of Culture in 1998, he attracted millions of viewers with his performance as "Tahsin Sütçüoğlu" character in the famous TV series "Avrupa Yakası". He died on February 17, 2009 in Istanbul due to cardiac problems he was having following a 20 day stay at the Istanbul American Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="21609199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609199" title="HOPE (band)">
HOPE (band)

Hope is a Canadian punk rock band formed in 1992 based out of Riverview. The band consists of songwriter/guitarist/vocalist Dana Robertson, bassist Jamie "Jimmy" Oldfield, songwriter/guitarist/vocalist Marco "The Chief" Rocca, and drummer Tom "T-Bone" Antle.
History.
Early Days (1992-1995).
Hope was formed by Dana Robertson (formerly of The Monoxides) on vocals/guitars, and Jamie "Jimmy" Oldfield on bass/vocals in 1992 Riverview, New Brunswick. Hope's first drummer was Chris Lewis (later of Skinkeeper, Mood Cadillac, Iron Giant, etc.). The band released their first demo, New Love, recorded by Derek "Big D" Robichaud (of The Monoxides). Jamie actually sang lead vocals on a good portion of the first demo, which is quite rare for the band; Dana has for the most part always been known as the vocalist. Chris Lewis parted ways with Hope to move on to other bands and they recruited Ken Kelley (of The Monoxides) to take on drumming duties on Emus Can Fly, their second official demo (1993). After Ken moved on from Hope, a drummer by the name of Luc Daigle joined the band in 1994, along with the addition of Pascal "Pak" Toussaint of Sour Grapes on second guitar (from 1995–1996). This would solidify the Hope lineup for quite a few years. Everythin' About Nuttin' was recorded and mixed by Duane "Doolang" Kelly and released in 1995. It is little known that Luv Your Mummy (1996) was partially recorded by Rick White (Eric's Trip, Elevator) at his home studio, including early versions of some of the songs that would later be re-recorded on Lupus Man, the rest being tracked once again by the mighty Doolang.
Lupus Man (1996).
Come 1996, Hope had been a solid 3-piece for a few years, playing tons of live gigs around the city with countless local bands. Hope went into Ham & Cheese Studios at MacNaughton High School to record a great-sounding official EP with Doolang, adding Jeremy Crossman on second guitar solely for this release. This EP includes some of the earliest hits by the band including "Treasure Girl", "Renovations" and "Summertime", which was the band's official single. A music video was also filmed and edited for the song and submitted to Much Music. The video for "Summertime" saw some decent rotation on MuchEast and was an introduction to the band for a lot of Monctonians. The EP is of course of out print but can rarely be found at Spin It or Livewire in Moncton.
The Chief, State of Halitosis & INMFYU (1997-2000).
In January 1997, Marco "The Chief" Rocca (of The Disowned) joined Hope as lead guitarist and backup vocalist. After several jams, it was clear Marco would have some of his own songs to bring to the table and the band would function on a co-lead vocalist/background vocalist basis. The band itself had a new tight and solid feel. Refreshed and energized, they went into Ham & Cheese Studios with Doolang armed with an onslaught of new songs, and recorded one of their most solid efforts to date: their first official full-length CD, State of Halitosis. The album was released independently on Dana's Say 10 Records and spawned their huge hit "Carolyn Manson", for which a video was filmed, receiving marginal success nationwide due to airplay on MuchEast. This song would become a staple for the band in the years to come. Hope would continue playing shows around Moncton and the surrounding area, including trips to Halifax and Sackville.
At some point in 1999, Luc Daigle (drums) ended up being replaced due to musical differences. The band jammed with a couple of drummers - Cam Murphy (of The Traits, The Peter Parkers, Ghostown Belle, Thee Requiems), who joined the band for one day, and Craig "Crud" McFadden (of Malicious Attempt and The McFaddens), also for a short period. The band eventually replaced Luc very temporarily with a Moncton guy named Dave (no one remembers his last name). Signed to Lameass Recordz based out of Calgary, in 2000 Hope would go on to record their sophomore release "It's Not My Fault You're Ugly", again recorded by Doolang at Ham & Cheese Studios. The album was distributed nationwide and was very well received. Dave was removed from the band shortly after the recording of INMFYU and replaced with the superior Tom "T-Bone" Antle (of Orchid and Fermeller) behind the kit, finalizing the band's revolving door of multiple drummers throughout their history. At this point, the band embarked on their first coast-to-coast, nationwide tour. Tom had prior obligations with university at the time, which led to the band tapping Johnny Horseface (of The Carmines and Dean Malenkos) to man the kit solely for the tour.
T-Bone, Feeling Like A Buck Fifty & Warped Tour (1999-2001).
The band went into Creative Sound Studios again with Doolang in 2001. Drums, guitars, and some vocals were recorded, at which point a halt was put to the session. After a short break, the band went into Reality Based/Cabin Studios with Kyle "MEN" McDonald to finish up on the recording of the album. Bass, lead guitars, and lead/backing vocals were completed and the album was mixed and mastered in 2001 by Kyle. The album was pressed, released, and distributed across Canada and the U.S. via Lameass Recordz and the band secured a spot on the Punkrock.net stage at Warped Tour 2002.
Lame-SASS, Do You Smell Gas & INMFYU Re-Recordings (2002-2004).
The band ditched label Lameass Recordz due to poor business decisions by the label, which - not surprisingly - folded shortly thereafter. With a solid period of off-time back in Moncton, they decided to re-record their album INMFYU with Kyle at Reality Based Studios. The difference was the much better T-Bone manning the drums, not to mention that several of the songs had gone through structure changes, new vocal parts and harmonies, guitar leads, etc. Along with the album in full (minus the song "Who Farted??"), they laid down a couple of re-worked versions of older songs and rarities as well as a cover of "Bonzo" by the Ramones. These re-recordings (minus the re-recorded version of "Meathead" and a demo of a new song titled "haiHaiHAI!") were released in full exclusively via their website in mp3 format and stayed there for an extended period of time. A few weeks afterwards, the band went to Halifax to record with Laurence Currie along with the Dean Malenkos for a split EP entitled Do You Smell Gas?. For this release, Hope recorded two new songs, "Suck Factory" and "Almost Like", and covered the Malenkos' song "Jon's Gone Straightedge". Meanwhile, the Malenkos recorded two new songs and covered the Hope song "Raelienation".
HOPE S/T & Milk & Cookies (2005-2007).
Hope tapped Dean Malenkos drummer, Horseface, to produce their latest full-length album, which boasts 11 meaty tracks that are truly indicative of the band’s sheer power. From the pumping “Mental Morphine” to the spastic “I Don’t Want To Change The World,” Hope is headed in a single direction…straight to the top. Hope recorded its new self-titled album in Halifax with award-winning producer Laurence Currie (Sloan, The Gandharvas). Most of the album itself was recorded by Craig Sperry, who also recorded and mixed the upcoming debut album by The Nuclear. The band toured extensively through 2005-2007, opened for NOFX in Halifax 2006 and played three shows at Warped Tour 2007. Just prior to heading out for Warped Tour, Dana, Kyle and Don collaborated to put together a Hope rarities album entitled Nevermind The Monoxides, Here's Hope! The limited edition of only 100 copies includes some of the most sought after rare tracks by the band.
Split 7", Live Album and Future Demos (2007-present).
HOPE Live Album Recording April 4, 2008, Poster by Sebas TheriaultHope recorded a new song entitled "Lungs Back" live at their jam spot,which was mixed to 2-track on the fly by Kyle, for their contribution to the Hope/Fear of Lipstick/The Damnsels/Sour Grapes Split 7" due sometime in 2008. A couple weeks afterwards on April 4, 2008, the band recorded their first live album at The Paramount Lounge with Kyle. The show featured acoustic opening acts by Denis of Secondsdown, Ilisha French of The Damnsels, Don Levandier & Nathan Jones of The Motorleague, and Pak Toussaint & Dana Robertson of The Payrents. The album is still in the mixing stages and is due at some point in 2008. Hope also have plans to demo tracks with Kyle in late 2008 for their next full-length album.

</doc>
<doc id="21609205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609205" title="Lac des Miroirs">
Lac des Miroirs

Lac des Miroirs is a lake in Condette, Pas-de-Calais, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609206" title="Lac Vert (Lot)">
Lac Vert (Lot)

Lac Vert is a lake at Catus in the Lot department, France. At an elevation of 160 m, its surface area is 0.07 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609219" title="Hotel Kenney">
Hotel Kenney

Hotel Kenney is a hotel near Jones Falls on the Rideau Canal in the township of Rideau Lakes, Ontario, Canada. Parks Canada describes the hotel as having been built as a fishing lodge in a period when excursion steamers operated along the canal.
The hotel was built in 1888, on the site of an earlier building which had been destroyed in a fire. It is open early May to late October. 
The hotel was owned by members of the Kenney family for many years. In 2008, Franklin Folts, a clothing store owner and resident of Martha's Vineyard, bought the hotel at an auction.
The hotel was nominated in Today magazine as "Best Small Hotel in Canada," the hotel's website claims.

</doc>
<doc id="21609220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609220" title="Ashtabula (disambiguation)">
Ashtabula (disambiguation)

Ashtabula may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609228" title="Lac de Ganivet">
Lac de Ganivet

Lac de Ganivet is a lake in Lozère, France. Its surface area is 0.12 km²

</doc>
