<doc id="21382291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382291" title="John O'London's Weekly">
John O'London's Weekly

"John O'London's Weekly" was a weekly literary magazine that was published by George Newnes Ltd of London between 1919 and 1954. In 1960 it was briefly brought back into circulation. Regarded as the leading literary magazine in the British Empire, at its height it had a circulation of 80,000, and it was popular among young and older readers alike.
Founded in April 1919, "John O'London's Weekly" got its title from the pen name of one of its early editors, Wilfred Whitten, and its content featured contributions from both the best known literary names of the day as well as newer less well known writers. Regular contributors included Robert Wilson Lynd, Winston Churchill, Rebecca West, H. E. Bates, Arnold Bennett, Max Beerbohm, W. Somerset Maugham and H. L. A. Hart.
The magazine regularly featured a literate section on English grammar and word usage, and would recommend carefully selected good books. 
Although "John O'London's Weekly" was very popular during the inter-war years, the outbreak of the Second World War had a dramatic impact on its circulation. Sales were reduced due to newsprint regulations and as many of its readers joined the services. High costs and changing tastes meant that sales did not recover after the war, and in September 1954 the magazine's publishers announced that publication would cease.
References in popular culture.
"John O'London's Weekly" appears in Frank McCourt's book "Angela's Ashes". While McCourt is delivering magazines to shops for the company Eason's, his boss learns from the Irish government that copies of "John O'London's Weekly" must be censored because they contain an article about birth control. McCourt tells of how he and his boss visit newsagents around Limerick to tear pages from copies, much to the disdain of the shop owners.

</doc>
<doc id="21382303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382303" title="Orthoretrovirinae">
Orthoretrovirinae

Orthoretrovirinae is a subfamily of viruses belonging to "Retroviridae", a family of enveloped viruses that replicate in a host cell through the process of reverse transcription. The subfamily currently includes six genera, of which "Lentivirus" contains the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).

</doc>
<doc id="21382316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382316" title="Mari Törőcsik">
Mari Törőcsik

Mari Törőcsik (born 23 November 1935) is a Hungarian film actress. She has appeared in over 120 films since 1956. She won the award for Best Actress at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival for the film "Mrs. Dery Where Are You?"

</doc>
<doc id="21382334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382334" title="Eritis sicut Deus; Verbum Diaboli Manet in Aeternum; Vox Vespertilio Act I – Moon Var Dies Irae">
Eritis sicut Deus; Verbum Diaboli Manet in Aeternum; Vox Vespertilio Act I – Moon Var Dies Irae

Eritis sicut Deus; Verbum Diaboli Manet in Aeternum; Vox Vespertilio Act I – Moon Var Dies Irae is the first demo by the Polish avant-garde black metal band Devilish Impressions. This is the first demo they released as a band after the band members joined forces in 2000. The musical arrangements were still of low quality and the vocals are barely hearable on this demo. But the band had a pretty good idea what they were doing and whereto they wanted to evolve as a band. Some of the elements used in this demo can be traced back in their following first and debut album "Plurima Mortis Imago". 
Devilish Impressions is known for their lengthy songs, but the demo is known for having the most lengthy songs of all their work so far.
Track listing.
Total playtime: 45:57 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21382357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382357" title="Nagrom, Washington">
Nagrom, Washington

Nagrom was a town in King County (Washington). A logging company town, Nagrom was located in the Green River Watershed between Kanaskat, Washington and Lester, Washington. The town was built by the Morgan Lumber Company and named after Elmer G. Morgan, the company founder and owner ('Nagrom' is simply 'Morgan' spelled backward). The site was chosen for its access to timber, and suitability to build a sawmill and mill pond. In 1910, Morgan petitioned the Northern Pacific Railway, which operated the rail line out of Puget Sound and up over Stampede Pass to build a spur into the small town. The railway balked, but Morgan persisted and eventually the railway relented. The spur into town was built in 1911. A Post office was established that same year, along with a telephone and telegraph exchange.
From 1911 to 1924, the Morgan Lumber Company continued to work the area for timber and to run the sawmill at Nagrom. In 1921-22 the population topped out for this town with an estimated 450 residents. In 1924, however, the company went out of business, presumably due to a post-World War I fall in lumber prices. Logging continued, but at a slower pace, as trucks began replacing railroad in the logging industry. The Forest service began managing the forested land in the area in the 1930s with the help of the Civilian Conservation Corps.
The City of Tacoma acquired the water rights on the Green River circa 1910. In first half of the 1950s, the city's utility arm, today's Tacoma Public Utilities began buying private land along the banks of the river between their intake at Headworks, Washington (just east of Kanaskat, Washington), eastwards to the railroad and logging town of Lester, Washington. Beginning with the construction of Howard Hanson Dam, the city limited access between Headworks and Lester, installing gates at various access points to the Green River Watershed. Circa 1967, the city purchased the entire townsite of Lester, Washington, from the Northern Pacific Railway. By 1984, most residents had moved out, the rail line was mothballed by the NP's corporate descendant, the Burlington Northern Railroad, and all the former communities along the rail line had become ghost towns. Today there are no residents in Nagrom.
Geography.
The town was located at 

</doc>
<doc id="21382399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382399" title="Rezső Wanié">
Rezső Wanié

Rezső Wanié (1908 – 1986) was a Hungarian swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Szeged.
In the 1928 he was a member of the Hungarian team which finished fourth in the 4x200 m freestyle relay event. In the 100 m freestyle competition he was eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 400 m freestyle contest he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="21382414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382414" title="Toivo (ship)">
Toivo (ship)

Toivo () was a frigate built in 1871 at the Toppila shipyard in Oulu, Finland (then a part of the Russian Empire) for Tradehouse J. W. Snellman. "Toivo" was re-rigged as a bark in 1880. She sailed for Tradehouse J. W. Snellman until 1888, when she was sold to Eriksen & Gjersöe, Sweden-Norway. The ship is believed to have been taken out of service in 1895.
Actions of the "Toivo"s first captain Henrik Wilhelm Snellman Junior are the subject of the Finnish folk protest song "Laiva Toivo, Oulu", set to the melody of "Marching Through Georgia". The lyrics of the song, which paint H. W. Snellman in an unsymphatetic light, were probably written by Jaakko Haataja, who was the second mate of the "Toivo" on her third voyage from Europe to East Asia in 1874-1875.

</doc>
<doc id="21382422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382422" title="1985–86 Football League Cup">
1985–86 Football League Cup

The 1985–86 Football League Cup, known as the Milk Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the 26th season of the Football League Cup, a knockout competition for England's top 92 football clubs. The competition name reflects a sponsorship deal with the Milk Marketing Board.
The competition began on 20 August 1985, and ended with the final on 20 April 1986 at the Old Wembley Stadium. The cup was won by Oxford United, who beat Queens Park Rangers 3–0 in the final, to win their first major cup silverware. It was Oxford United's first season in Division One. Goals from Trevor Hebberd, Ray Houghton and Jeremy Charles sealed the victory. TV coverage of this competition only began after Christmas following the "blackout" where no club matches were shown for the first half of the season, and there was no UEFA Cup place for the winners as a result of the ban on English clubs that followed the Heysel Stadium disaster.
First round.
A total of 56 teams took part in the First Round. All of the Third Division and Fourth Division sides entered, with eight of the Second Division clubs also starting in this round. The eight clubs consisted of the three teams promoted from the Third Division and the five teams finishing 15th to 19th in the Second Division from the 1984–85 season. Each tie was played across two legs.
Second round.
A total of 64 teams took part in the Second Round, including the 28 winners from round one. The remaining Second Division clubs entered in this round, as well as the 22 sides from the First Division. Each tie was again played across two legs.
Third round.
A total of 32 teams took part in the Third Round, all 32 winners from round two. Unlike the previous two rounds, this round was played over one leg.
Fourth round.
A total of 16 teams took part in the Fourth Round, all 16 winners from round three. Once again this round was played over one leg.
Fifth round.
The eight winners from the Fourth Round took part in the Fifth Round. Once again this round was played over one leg.
Semi-finals.
As with the first two rounds, the semi-final ties were played over two legs. Favourites Liverpool, in search of a unique domestic treble, were surprisingly beaten by QPR, while Oxford United eased past Aston Villa in the other semi-final.
Second leg.
"QPR win 3–2 on aggregate"
"Oxford win 4–3 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="21382430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382430" title="Melophagus ovinus">
Melophagus ovinus

Melophagus ovinus, or the sheep ked, is a brown, hairy fly that resembles a tick. This wingless fly is about 4 to 6 mm long and has a small head, is a fly from the family Hippoboscidae. They are blood-feeding parasites of sheep. The legs of the sheep ked are very strong and are tipped with claws. Sheep ked lives their whole lives in the wool of sheep. Sheep ked are most commonly found on the neck, shoulders and underbelly of the host animal.
Distribution.
Native to most of Europe including Iceland, and the Faroe Islands, as well as North West Africa, Mongolia, and North India. Introduced and established in Kenya, South Africa, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, most of North America, and many parts of South America including Tristan da Cunha and the Falkland Islands.
Hosts.
The primary host of "M. ovinus" is the domestic sheep. There are also doubtful records on Argali "(Ovis ammon)", Bighorn Sheep "(Ovis canadensis)" and Dall Sheep "(Ovis dalli)".
Life history.
Sheep ked lives for typically four to six months, in this time they may produce from 10 to 20 larvae. 
The female fly will produce a single larva at a time, retaining the larva internally until it is ready to pupate. The larva feeds on the secretions of a milk gland in the uterus of the female. After three larval instars, a white pre-pupa which immediately forms a hard dark puparium. This is deposited on the wool of the sheep and are attached with a glue-like material. The larva immediately hardens and becomes a darker color forming a puparium, which will contain the pupa. This pupal stage lasts for 19 to 23 days in the summer and 20 to 36 days in the winter. Pupal stages are not susceptible to insecticides. If removed from the host, the adult lives for 7–10 days.
Disease vector.
It has been indicated by experiments that the sheep ked is capable of transmitting bluetongue virus in sheep, though there is little evidence that they are bluetongue disease vectors in nature. In lambs the sheep ked may cause anemia and reduce weight gain. The sheep ked feeds on the blood of its host and therefore causes irritation to the sheep, leading it to rub, producing both loss and damage of the wool. It also makes firm, hard nodules that develops on the skin called a cockle, this will reduce the value of the hide. The ked feces also stains the sheep's wool reducing its value. They also transmit "Trypanosoma melophagium" nonpathogenic protozoan parasite of sheep.
Subspecies.
The subspecies "Melophagus ovinus himalayae" Maa, 1969 is from Nepal and Tibet. Its host is the yak "(Bos grunniens)", and domestic cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="21382434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382434" title="Dance with Me (Zoli Ádok song)">
Dance with Me (Zoli Ádok song)

"Dance with Me" is the debut single by Hungarian singer Zoli Ádok. It was the Hungarian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia.
Composition.
The original version of the song which is called "Tánclépés" was released in Hungarian language in 2008 as Zoli Ádok's debut single from his debut studio album "Tánclépés" (2008). "Dance with Me" is a eurodance song, which is about a men who wants to invite a girl to dance with him. The lyrics of the song was written by Kasai, and composed by Zé Szabó. After it when it was announced as the Hungarian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, the song lyrics were changed in English.
Eurovision Song Contest.
On 23 February 2009, Hungarian national broadcaster MTV held a press conference about its Eurovision entrant. During the conference they mentioned that the jury chose three songs before the final decision was made to be sure one of them will not withdraw and completely meet the requirements. Then they announced that Zoli Ádok will represent Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with his song "Dance With Me". "Dance with Me" was the internal selection juries' third choice, but after the original winning song was disqualified and the first runner-up withdrawn Zoli's song was chosen for Moscow.
In the Eurovision the song competed in the second semi-final on 14 May 2009, where it was performed eleventh, following Slovenia and preceding Azerbaijan. On stage, Zoli was joined by two male backing vocalists: Heincz Gábor and Kasai Jnoffin, and three female dancers. The stage atmosphere during the performance shows the LED monitors have floating shapes in the verses, and expanding white lines and the words 'Dance With Me' written across them during the chorus. The song failed to qualify from the second semi-final and placing on 15th place with 16 points.

</doc>
<doc id="21382451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382451" title="Food waste in the United Kingdom">
Food waste in the United Kingdom

Food waste in the United Kingdom is a subject of environmental, economic and social concern that has received widespread media coverage and been met with varying responses from government. Since 1915, food waste has been identified as a considerable problem and has been the subject of ongoing media attention, intensifying with the launch of the "Love Food, Hate Waste" campaign in 2007. Food waste has been discussed in newspaper articles, news reports and television programmes, which have increased awareness of it as a public issue. To tackle waste issues, encompassing food waste, the government-funded "Waste & Resources Action Programme" (WRAP) was created in 2000.
A significant proportion of food waste is produced by the domestic household, which, in 2007, created 6,700,000 tonnes of food waste. Potatoes, bread slices and apples are respectively the most wasted foods by quantity, while salads are thrown away in the greatest proportion. A majority of wasted food is avoidable, with the rest being divided almost equally by foods which are unavoidable (e.g. tea bags) and unavoidable due to preference (e.g. bread crusts) or cooking type (e.g. potato skins).
Reducing the amount of food waste has been deemed critical if the UK is to meet international targets on climate change, limiting greenhouse gas emissions, and meet obligations under the European Landfill Directive to reduce biodegradable waste going to landfill. Equally great emphasis has been placed on the reduction of food waste, across all developed countries, as a means of ending the global food crisis that leaves millions worldwide starving and impoverished. In the context of the 2007–2008 world food price crisis, food waste was discussed at the 34th G8 summit in Hokkaidō, Japan. UK prime minister Gordon Brown said of the issue "We must do more to deal with unnecessary demand, such as by all of us doing more to cut our food waste".
In June 2009, then Environment Secretary Hilary Benn announced the government's "War on waste", a programme aimed at reducing Britain's food waste. The proposed plans under the scheme include: scrapping best before and limiting sell by labels on food, creating new food packaging sizes, constructing more "on-the-go" recycling points and unveiling five flagship anaerobic digestion plants. Two years after its launch, the "Love Food, Hate Waste" campaign is claiming it has already prevented 137,000 tonnes of waste and, through the help it has given to over two million households, has made savings of £300 million.
History.
Food waste was identified as a problem in the UK as early as World War I. Combating food waste was one of the initial goals of the Women's Institutes (WI), set up in 1915, and remains a subject of their campaigns. Rationing was adopted during World War I, although it was voluntary, from February 1917; it was only between December 1917 and February 1918 that rationing began, in stages, to be made compulsory. As well, there is no evidence to suggest that by 1918 fines were imposed on either individuals or businesses for wasting food. Meanwhile in the USA (where shortages were hardly comparable), legislators considered laws restricting the distribution of food in order to cut waste, breaches of which might be punishable by fines or imprisonment.
During World War II, rationing was imposed almost immediately. Restrictions were immediately more stringent than in the Great War as with effect from 8 January 1940 ration books were issued and most foods were subject to ration. By August 1940, legislation was passed that made the wasting of food a prisonable offence. Posters encouraged kitchen waste to be used for feeding animals, primarily swine but also poultry.
Many of the methods suggested by current campaigns to prevent food waste have taken inspiration from those of World War II. Despite this, it remains debatable whether the waste campaigns and rationing, during and post WWII, achieved any long-term change in people's attitudes towards waste; WRAP's report on domestic household waste found older people to waste as much avoidable waste as younger people. Further, as early as 1980, only twenty five years after all foods were "de-rationed", a journal article published that year found significant levels of waste at home, in restaurants and in sectors of the food industry. However, the rising amount of food waste could also be attributed to a change of lifestyle, for instance the buying of produce which has a shorter shelf life, which would involuntarily lead to more food being thrown away.
By the late 1990s, things had worsened, and the food manufacturing sector was estimated to be generating over 8 million tonnes of food waste annually. A documentary in 1998 revealed tonnes of edible food being discarded at a Tesco store, provoking a renewed response on the issue of food waste. In 2000, the government created the Waste & Resources Action Programme (WRAP), a government-funded, not-for-profit company that advises on how to reduce waste and use resources efficiently. In 2007, WRAP launched the "Love Food, Hate Waste" campaign and returned food waste to the forefront of the news and public agenda. Two years later, the "Love Food, Hate Waste" campaign claimed to have prevented 137,000 tonnes of waste being sent to landfill and saved £300 million.
In 2005, facing "limited information about the amounts and types of food waste produced", WRAP launched a "major research programme" which would lead to the publishing of ""The food we waste report"" on 8 May 2008. Believed at the time to be "the first of its kind in the world", the report interviewed 2175 householders and collected waste from 2138 of them.
Since the developments of 2007-8, food waste has continued to be a subject of attention, discussed in almost every major UK newspaper, often with issues such as climate change and famine in African nations. To reduce the impact of the aforementioned, food waste has been among the topics of discussion at recent International Summits; food waste was debated during the 34th G8 summit in Hokkaidō, Japan, as part of the discussion on the 2007–2008 world food price crisis.
In June 2009, Environment Secretary Hilary Benn announced the "War on waste", new government plans aimed at reducing Britain's food waste. Planned is the removal of "best before" labels and the limiting of "sell by" labels on foods. New food packaging sizes are planned to be introduced, coming as EU rules on packaging sizes are lifted and people are increasingly living alone. Five flagship anaerobic digestion plants that will demonstrate "cutting-edge technology" are to be built before the end of March 2011; they will together receive a grant of £10 million from WRAP's "Anaerobic Digestion Demonstration Programme". Liz Goodwin, WRAP Chief Executive Officer, said of the five projects: "These projects are truly ground-breaking. Between them, they demonstrate how anaerobic digestion can help the UK efficiently meet the challenges of reducing carbon emissions and improving sustainable food production."
Sources.
The single largest producer of food waste in the United Kingdom is the domestic household. In 2007, households created 6,700,000 tonnes of food waste – accounting for 19 per cent of all municipal solid waste. Potatoes account for the largest quantity of avoidable food disposed of; 359,000 tonnes per year are thrown away, 49 per cent (177,400 tonnes) of which are untouched. Bread slices account for the second food type most disposed of (328,000 tonnes per year), and apples the third (190,000 tonnes per year). Salad is disposed of in the greatest proportion - 45 per cent of all salad purchased by weight will be thrown away uneaten.
Much of the food thrown away could have been avoided (4,100,000 tonnes, 61 per cent of the total amount of food waste) and with better management could have been eaten or used. Unavoidable foods, such as vegetable peelings and teabags, account for 19 per cent of the total, with the remaining 20 per cent being unavoidable through preferences (e.g. bread crusts) and cooking types (e.g. potato skins). However, the vast majority of consumers (90%) are unaware of the amount of food they throw away; individuals who believed that their household wasted no food were shown to be throwing away 88 kg of avoidable food per year.
The amount of food waste produced by a household and its occupants is affected by several factors; WRAP found the most impacting factors to be: firstly the size of the household, followed by the age of the individual occupants and finally the household composition (e.g. single occupant household). The other factors: job status, lifestage, ethnicity and occupation grouping of individuals were found to have less correlation between the amount of avoidable waste.
Regarding household size, the relationship is not proportional (two occupants do not dispose of twice as much food waste as one occupant); single-occupancy households, on average, throw away : per week the least food waste by weight but the most proportionately. This disproportional wastage has been partially attributed to food packaging sizes being largely inappropriate for people living on their own. Families with children (under the age of 16), on a per household per week basis, are shown to waste the most food by weight (); when taken individually however, members of a family that includes children waste the least food (). Contrary to both previous research and conventional wisdom, the report discovered that older people waste as much avoidable food as younger people (1.2 kg per person per week); in terms of mean average cost and weight of food waste, older people do waste less, although for retired households this may be because they are smaller.
Other sectors also attribute to the amounts of food waste. The food industry produces large amounts of food waste, with retailers alone generating 1,600,000 tonnes of food waste per year. Supermarkets particularly have been criticised for wasting items which are damaged or unsold (what the industry calls 'surplus food'), but that often remain edible. However, exact statistics for the amount of food wasted by supermarkets is mostly unavailable; although a few voluntarily release data on food waste, it is not required by law. Similarly, limited information is available on amounts generated by the agricultural sector. Before a reversal of European Union policy in 2008, which came into effect on July 1, 2009, misshaped or 'wonky' fruit and vegetables could not be sold by retailers and were required to be thrown away.
Impact.
Food waste puts a large burden on the finances of each household and local councils in the UK; wasted food is estimated to cost each British household £250–£400 per year, accumulating to £15,000–£24,000 over a lifetime. This comes from the total purchasing cost of the food against what is thrown away uneaten. Additionally, households pay for the collection and disposal of food waste by their local council in the form of council tax. For councils, the cost of food waste comes from its collection and disposal as a part of the waste stream; this is especially an issue for councils that run separate food waste collections.
Food waste is generally considered to have a damaging effect on the environment; a reduction in food waste is considered critical if the UK is to meet obligations under the European Landfill Directive to reduce biodegradable waste going to landfill and favourable considering international targets on climate change, limiting greenhouse gas emissions. When disposed of in landfill, food waste releases methane, a relatively damaging greenhouse gas, and leachate, a toxin capable of considerable groundwater pollution. The food supply chain accounts for a fifth of UK carbon emissions; the production, storage and transportation of food to homes requires large amounts of energy. The effects of stopping food waste that can potentially be prevented has been likened to removing one in five cars from UK roads.
Internationally, food waste's effect on the environment has been an issue. Ireland is facing fines of millions of euros if the amount of biodegradable waste it sends to landfill does not fall below the maximum quantity set by the European Union's Landfill Directive. By 2010, the same directive will impose fines of £40m a year across England, rising to £205m by 2013, if its own targets on biodegradable municipal waste are not met; the amount of biodegradable municipal waste being sent to landfill in 2010 must be 75% of that sent in 1995, by 2013 it must be 50% and by 2020 it must be 35%.
In the context of the 2007–2008 world food price crisis and potential food shortages, food waste is an important and impacting issue. The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) identified food waste as being a critical problem, a view shared by a Cabinet Office report on food; it said that doing nothing to solve it would lead to severe food shortages, which may trigger food price climbs of up to 50%. With a third of food purchased in the UK never eaten, the country was singled out in the report. UNEP Executive Director Achim Steiner said that: "Over half of the food produced today is either lost, wasted or discarded as a result of inefficiency in the human-managed food chain. There is evidence within the report Environmental Food crises: Environment's role in averting future food crises that the world could feed the entire projected population growth alone by becoming more efficient while also ensuring the survival of wild animals, birds and fish on this planet."
Response.
Prevention.
To reduce the food waste produced (often unintentionally or unavoidably, due to lifestyle) by consumers, advisory campaigns and articles have put forward varying advice and suggestions. The following strategies: planning before food shopping, understanding food date labels and using leftovers in other meals, are universally agreed to be effective in preventing food waste.
Planning, before food shopping, and knowing what purchases are necessary is among ways of reducing food waste; buy one, get one free (BOGOF) offers have been criticised for encouraging customers to purchase food items that are eventually thrown away; as part of its own campaign on food waste, supermarket retailer Morrisons is to offer “One Free to Freeze” as a replacement for BOGOFs, with hopes that these promotions will encourage customers to plan ahead.
Understanding food storage and food date labels is an important, but currently problematic, measure; in 2008, research by the Food Standards Agency (FSA) showed that food dates were poorly understood by consumers; only 36 per cent of people interpreted a best before date as a use by date and only 55 per cent correctly interpreted use by dates. Food date labels are planned to undergo radical changes as part of the "War on waste".
Leftover foods can and are encouraged to be used in other meals; currently this is not widely undertaken due to a "lack of confidence". Specialist cookbooks and waste campaigns include recipes which are designed to incorporate typical leftovers and require minimal cooking skill.
Sectors of the food industry (manufacturing and retail) have pledged to reduce the amount of food they directly waste, and additionally what they cause households to waste indirectly. This is planned to happen through a combination of: effective labeling, pack size range, storage advice and packaging that extends the duration of food freshness. The latest initiative in May 2009, rather than a new policy, is seen as an expansion to ongoing attempts to reduce the wider food packaging. The aim is to cut UK household food waste by 155,000 tonnes (2.5% of total waste) before the end of 2010 by helping UK households prevent food going to waste.
"Food charities", the most widely known being "FareShare", distribute surplus food from the food industry among disadvantaged people in the communities. As of 2006, three of the 'Big Five' supermarkets – Marks & Spencer, Sainsbury's and Tesco – are working with FareShare and similar charities to reduce the amount of waste they produce going to landfill.
Collection.
The majority of UK authorities (some have varying or specific policy) collect food waste together with municipal waste; estimates made in 2007 put the amount of food waste collected separately, for either composting
or anaerobic digestion, at only 2% of what is available. Where food waste is collected separately, it is usually incorporated into an existing garden waste collection. If applicable, separate collections for garden and food waste typically run on intervening fortnightly weeks to those of municipal waste and share infrastructure and transport.
It has been suggested that given its proportion of the waste stream and the lack of distinct collections, food waste is not currently being targeted appropriately. However proposals by the European Union, which would require local authorities to provide separate collection of food and garden waste, have been met with opposition; critics of the proposals argue that local authorities understand the specific needs of the areas they serve, and that they should decide waste policy. Advocates of the proposals say that it will ensure energy is not wasted in sorting biodegradable waste from other materials.
Figures from WRAP revealed the most efficient method of collecting food waste to be separate collections, followed by mixed green and food waste on a weekly basis. A mixed fortnightly collection was shown to be the worst performing. This was considered confirmation of earlier suspicions that, if carried out correctly, separate collections can result in less wastage of biodegradable waste. A widespread pilot scheme for separate food waste collection, involving nineteen English local authorities, achieved success and 'high levels of satisfaction' from households.
One option for separating food waste at source is the in-sink food-waste disposer (FWD). It was invented in 1928 and is used in 50% of households in the USA, 34% in New Zealand, 20% in Australia and increasingly in some European countries, notably Sweden. A FWD has no blades or knives, it has a grind chamber, the floor of which is a spinning disc with lugs spin the waste against the perforated wall of the chamber, particles exit when they are small enough. measured particle size distribution and found 98% <2mm. They also measured settleability and found the ground waste would be carried/resuspended easily in conventionally designed sewers. estimated the Global Warming Potentials (100 year) of options for food waste management were landfill +740 kgCO2e/t food waste, incineration +13, centralised composting -14 and that anaerobic digestion was about -170 kgCO2e/t food waste whether it was kerbside collected and transported by truck or FWD to sewer to AD at a wastewater treatment works. In a follow-up paper, analysed data from Surahammar, Sweden comparing the time when there were no FWD with the present when 50% of households have FWD. This study verified laboratory etc. work published earlier by other workers. They found there was no increase in wastewater treatment works' cost, nor the volume of wastewater but that there was a 46% increase in biogas.
Disposal.
Food waste remains primarily disposed to landfill (54 per cent of total municipal waste was disposed of in this way in 2007/8), although year-on-year the amount being sent to landfill is decreasing.
Composting, the purposeful biodegradation of organic matter by microorganisms, is among the most simple ways of treating food waste and thereby preventing it being sent to landfill. Since all biodegradable materials will eventually oxidise to become compost, the process can be undertaken at home with no running costs, although equipment can accelerate the process. Most components of food waste are putrescibles and will be broken down in a compost, however some exceptions will not (e.g. cooked foods and feces) and can attract vermin. The effectiveness of composting food waste depends on the available space (or storage capacity in the case of a compost bin) and the method of composting. Unlike in landfill, where it is mixed with other (non-biodegradable) materials, food waste decomposing in a compost does not release harmful gases. Similarly to compost created from other waste sources, composted food waste can be used to return nutrients to the soil if spread on the garden (see uses of compost).
Anaerobic digestion (AD), the breaking down of biodegradable material by microorganisms in the absence of oxygen, is recognised as an effective method of waste disposal, with the potential to address the food waste problem nationally. AD technology has a small environmental impact, producing less greenhouse gas emissions than composting. However, although the process is well established in the water industry, it is less so within the waste sector. Despite this, the AD industry is being (and planned to be further) expanded by local councils and retailers to deal with food waste; several local authorities in the UK are planning to build anaerobic digestion plants, with the largest, to be located in Selby, due to operate from 2010. Supermarket chains Tesco and Sainsbury's are both adopting AD technology to dispose of their waste, while Tesco's head of waste and recycling said: "As renewable energy technologies now become mainstream, there is no excuse for sending waste to landfill that could actually be put to positive use." AD technology remains an experimental field though, and there is potential for advancements to increase efficiency.
Incinerating waste has traditionally been viewed as a method with the main purpose being the destruction of the waste involved. Recovering the energy generated from this process has become of greater importance, and all incineration facilities in England now operate as energy-from-waste plants (with many operating as combined heat and power facilities). Critics question the safety of the pollutants emitted during the process and argue that, as incinerators require constant levels of waste to operate, it encourages more waste. However, the levels of emissions from the incinerating process has been greatly reduced by developments in technology and legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="21382452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382452" title="IIHF European Cup 1971">
IIHF European Cup 1971

The 1970-1971 European Cup was the sixth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October, 1970 and finished on September 4, 1971.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who beat Dukla Jihlava in the final

</doc>
<doc id="21382460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382460" title="Johnny Roosval">
Johnny Roosval

John (Johnny) August Emanuel Roosval (29 August 1879 – 18 October 1965) was a Swedish art historian, Medieval ecclesiastical art specialist, and university professor.
Biography.
Johnny Roosval was born in a bourgeois family in Kalmar, but grew up in Stockholm from the age of five and went to school there.
Education.
He studied at Uppsala University from 1897, and finished his "kandidat" degree in Philosophy, Latin, French, and Æsthetics with the history of literature and art, and Scandinavian philology in two years.
In 1899 he went to Berlin as a tutor for the son of the Swedish military attaché there, Henrik de Maré. The son, Rolf de Maré, later became known as an art collector and as the owner of the Ballets Suédois. Henrik de Maré's wife, Ellen von Hallwyl, would later divorce him and married Johnny Roosval in 1907.
At the same time, he enrolled at the University of Berlin, where he was a student of Heinrich Wölfflin and Adolph Goldschmidt, two of the founders of art history as an academic discipline. Roosval joined Goldschmidt on bicycle tours of rural churches in the vicinities of Berlin, a method for art historical exploration he would later introduce to his Swedish students. He was awarded his Berlin Dr. phil. degree in 1903 for a dissertation on Flemish altarpieces in Sweden.
Work.
Returning from Berlin to Sweden, he worked at the Nordiska museet in Stockholm and also trained as a reserve officer, later teaching at Uppsala University as a docent of art history, newly established as an independent discipline, having previously counted as part of the study of Æsthetics.
He remained in Uppsala until 1914, when he moved to the University of Stockholm. There, he received a titular professorship in 1918, was appointed to the Anders Zorn professorship of Scandinavian and comparative art history in 1920, in accordance with the wishes of the donor, the painter Anders Zorn, but transferred to the J. A. Berg professorship of art history and theory in 1930, becoming an emeritus in 1946.
He also held the Kahn lectures at Princeton University in 1929 and the Charles Eliot Norton lectures at Harvard University 1936-1937. In 1933 he presided over the International Congress of the History of Art held in Stockholm.
Medieval ecclesiastical art.
Roosval is known in particular for his studies of the medieval ecclesiastical art of Gotland, which he described in his "Die Kirchen Gotlands: ein Beitrag zur mittelalterlichen Kunstgeschichte Schwedens" (Stockholm: Norstedt, 1911) and "Die Steinmeister Gottlands" (Stockholm: Fritze, 1918).
He also wrote extensively on the Saint George statue in the Stockholm Church of Saint Nicholas (Storkyrkan) and was the first to attribute it to the Lübeck master Bernt Notke. With Sigurd Curman, he co-founded the "Sveriges Kyrkor" (The Churches of Sweden) documentation project, of which the first volume was published in 1912.
Personal life.
In 1917 the architect Arre Essén designed a country home for him, Villa Muramaris, near of Visby on the island of Gotland in Sweden. It was a salon of art, with a sculpture garden. Visiting artists included Post-Impressionist painter Nils von Dardel. The Swedish Cultural Heritage Monument was destroyed by fire in January, 2013.
Johnny Roosval died on 18 October 1965, in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="21382465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382465" title="Imre Soós">
Imre Soós

Imre Soós (12 February 1930 – 20 June 1957) was a Hungarian actor, mostly known for his roles in communist Propaganda films during the 1950s. He played the leading role in the 1956 movie "Körhinta".
Career.
Early years.
Imre Soós was born on 12 February 1930, in Balmazújváros, as the eighth child of a peasant family living in great poverty. Like every member of his family, some of which were illiterate, his time is mostly consumed working in the fields, until he tries his luck by presenting himself to a travelling casting team in 1948. Fuelled by their praise, and the growing want to travel, he goes to Budapest to enter the Academy of Drama, where he was admitted after the first hearing. The young boy, only turning 18, was overwhelmed with the buzzing life of the capital, as he rarely even travelled to the county seat before. Soós entered a class filled with talent, including Irén Psota, Józsa Hacser, Teri Horváth. As later documents showed, his teachers praised him with high words, partially influenced by his forced political involvement, that would left a strong mark on his later career.
Entry in the film industry.
He began filming in 1948, to complement his livelihood. Getting a minor role in "Talpalatnyi föld", he filled his role of a chanting peasant boy with past memories, gaining instant, albeit unintentional attention. The true success comes with his leading role in 1949's "Lúdas Matyi", the first Hungarian color film, in which his life-filled folk-tale character gained success all over the country, and abroad - he became the best male actor on the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival of 1950, the highest ranking prize in socialist countries of the era. As the political climate pressed filmmakers for more realistic presentation of young peasants, workers, Soós seemed ideal to fill this role, especially as he was "raised from poverty", and achieved a lot compared to his comrades. This ideological background haunted his later life.
After graduation.
As his fame grew potentially, Soós's self-estimation shrank with it. Aware of his shortcomings, he became more and more closed to others, and humble, studying extensively to make up for his missing high school graduation. He works in films all along the academy years, finishing in 1952. After graduation, he gets an offer to work in the Madách Theatre, but is denied by the authorities, and is sent to the "Csokonai Imre Theatre" of Debrecen with the intention to serve as an example in his home. He spends 3 years commuting between filming in the capital and Debrecen, where surrounded by fear and bad reputation of being a poster boy of the communists.
In 1955 he was finally allowed to work in Madách Theatre, however, he was not allowed to play certain roles. By 1955 he finishes "Körhinta", a film that becomes one of the most acclaimed piece of Hungarian cinema.
Downfall.
The media of the time, highly motivated by politics, dealt with him in varying pace. If the instructed subject was fitting to Soós, he was over-popularized, when the government's focus was elsewhere, he was completely omitted. This constant change of values weighted heavily on the actor, questioning his own worth, despite national and international success, the latter ignored by newspapers. Trying to bury himself with work, and to meet more and more expectations, he slowly sank into depression, along with drug usage and alcohol problems. His state become worse when his love, Violetta Ferrari left the country in 1956, and he was denied to travel to the Moscow World Festival of Youth of 1957, the era's only legal meeting place for youth of East and West. Under hospital treatment after a failed suicide attempt, he falls in love with his doctor, Hedvig Perjési, leading to a passionate and rough relationship. A few weeks after their marriage, the couple was found dead on 20 June 1957. Authorities interpreted the tragedy as double suicide, but a number of clues like Soós scratching the wall until his fingernails bled were hinting to a number of possible scenarios, including an accidental event, or murder. The short investigation drew no further conclusions, leaving ground for several myths and conspiration theories.
Legacy.
Passing away at age 27, Imre Soós's career was one of the shortest to achieve such critically acclaim. While the public knows him mainly from politically motivated movies, his theatrical work received equal praise by professionals. In 2001 the MASZK National Actor's Guild founded the Soós Imre prize for young talents. His life was dramatized by Miklós Hubay in his 1974 drama "Tüzet Viszek" and 1973 film "Imre Soós" (directed by Pál Sándor), while his relationship with Hedvig Perjési was novelized by Péter Müller in the book "Részeg Józanok".

</doc>
<doc id="21382467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382467" title="John Pfeiffer">
John Pfeiffer

John "Jack" Pfeiffer (September 29, 1920 -February 8, 1996),was a classical recording producer, a design engineer, and an occasional electronic music composer.
Life and career.
Born in Tucson, Arizona, Pfeiffer studied music and engineering at the University of Arizona and Bethany College in Lindsborg, Kansas. After naval service in World War II, he moved to New York, where he attended Columbia University and worked as a jazz pianist before joining RCA Records as a design engineer in 1949. Pfeiffer was best known as a producer of classical music. His reissues of the complete recordings of Arturo Toscanini, Sergei Rachmaninoff and Jascha Heifetz were critically praised and won several awards. The Heifetz Collection was a nominee for a Grammy award in the historical category. Pfeiffer also recorded contemporary artists, including the mezzo-sopranos Marilyn Horne and Frederica von Stade, and Xiang-Dong Kong, a young Chinese pianist. Pfeiffer also produced recordings by the pianists Vladimir Horowitz, Arthur Rubinstein and Van Cliburn, the harpsichordist Wanda Landowska, and the soprano Leontyne Price. In addition to Toscanini, Pfeiffer worked with Fritz Reiner, Leopold Stokowski, Eugene Ormandy and Charles Munch, and produced their initial "Living Stereo" recordings.
In addition to his recording work, Mr. Pfeiffer was the audio producer for several televised classical music programs, including "Heifetz on Television," for CBS; "Horowitz Live," for NBC; the White House concerts by Horowitz, the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich and the soprano Leontyne Price, as well as installments of "Live From Lincoln Center" and "Live From The Met."
Pfeiffer helped RCA develop stereo and quadraphonic recording techniques and coordinate their adoption of digital recording. 
He also composed and recorded at his own studio an LP of electronic music called "Electronomusic--Nine Images" in 1968, which was released on RCA Victrola and has become a collector's item. The individual tracks on the record are labelled "Warm-Up, Canon, and Peace, For Inharmonic Side-Band", "Reflection of a String, For Contraformer", "Drops, For Programmer and Sines", "Moments, Events for Parametric Blocks", "Take Off, For Metric Transperformer", "Forests, Modes for Alphormer and Set". "Pavone, A Duotonic Transform", "Orders, For Sequential Sines", and "After Hours, For Ordered Simpliformer". Pfeiffer in his liner notes explains that "the names has applied to the 'instrumentation' of these works are shorthand descriptions of the technical methods of producing the various sounds". He describes his approach as "one which balances liberation with orientation--head-in-the-stars-feet-on-the-ground idea," declaring that "the concept of holding onto some familiar feature of musical orientation while exploring totally new ideas in other features is the basic aesthetic of 'electronomusic'."
Pfeiffer died at the age of 75 in Manhattan from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="21382478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382478" title="Sri Lanka Central and North Western Provincial Council elections, 2009">
Sri Lanka Central and North Western Provincial Council elections, 2009

The Sri Lanka provincial council elections, 2009 were held on February 14, 2009 to elect members to Sri Lanka’s Central Provincial Council and North Western Provincial Council. The 2 councils were dissolved by their respective governors at midnight on December 8, 2008. The Elections Commission subsequently accepted nominations from December 24 to December 31, and set the date for the polls.
A total of 1,746,449 people were eligible to vote in the Central Province, along with 1,661,733 in the North Western Province. They elected 56 and 50 members for the councils respectively. By the close of nominations, 1320 candidates from 15 political parties and 26 independent groups registered to contest the Central Provincial Council, and 937 candidates from 15 political parties and 17 independent groups filed nominations for the North Western Provincial Council.
Buoyed by support for his handling of the Sri Lankan Civil War, Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse's United People's Freedom Alliance achieved resounding victories in all 5 districts. This included the districts of Kandy and Nuwara Eliya, which are traditionally seen as strongholds of the opposition United National Party.
Past elections.
In the last election held to elect members to the Central Provincial Council, the United People's Freedom Alliance secured a majority in the council, obtaining 426,297 votes and 30 seats as opposed to 410,145 votes and 26 seats for the United National Party. The UPFA also secured a majority in the North Western Provincial Council, obtaining 491,000 votes and 31 seats with 311,773 votes and 19 seats going to the UNP.

</doc>
<doc id="21382484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382484" title="Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro">
Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro

Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro, commonly known as Tarantini (born 7 October 1983), is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Rio Ave F.C. as an attacking midfielder.
Football career.
Born in the village of in Gestaçô, in Baião, Tarantini started playing football with Amarante FC, remaining in the club's youth system for eight years. He made his debuts as a senior with S.C. Covilhã in 2002, and alternated between the second and third divisions until 2008, also representing Gondomar S.C. and Portimonense SC. 
In the 2008 summer Tarantini signed for Rio Ave F.C. in the top level, making his debut in the competition on 24 August in a 1–1 home draw against S.L. Benfica (82 minutes played) and finishing his debut season with 20 games and five starts to help his team to the 12th position.
Tarantini scored his first goal in the main category of Portuguese football on 10 April 2011, netting his team's last in a 6–1 away routing of F.C. Paços de Ferreira.

</doc>
<doc id="21382494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382494" title="Leo Sterckx">
Leo Sterckx

Leo Sterckx (born 16 July 1936 in Antwerp, Belgium) is a cyclist from Belgium.
He competed for Belgium in the 1960 Summer Olympics held in Rome, Italy in the individual sprint event where he finished in second place.

</doc>
<doc id="21382496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382496" title="Giordano Turrini">
Giordano Turrini

Giordano Turrini (born 28 March 1942 in Anzola dell'Emilia, Italy) is a racing cyclist from Italy.
He competed for Italy in the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City, Mexico in the individual sprint event where he finished in second place.

</doc>
<doc id="21382498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382498" title="Stephen Zetterberg">
Stephen Zetterberg

Stephen Ingersoll Zetterberg (October 2, 1916 – January 30, 2009) was an American attorney and Democratic activist. Zetterberg was best known for being defeated by Congressman Richard Nixon in the 1948 Democratic primary, as Nixon, having no Republican primary opposition, entered the Democratic primary to ensure he would have no Democratic opponent in the general election.
Early life.
Zetterberg was born on October 2, 1916, in Galesburg, Illinois. He grew up in New Castle, Indiana, moving to Claremont, California as a teenager. He went to college locally at Pomona College, serving in the United States Coast Guard during World War II. After the war ended, he worked as a congressional staffer for United States Senator Scott W. Lucas (D-Ill.).
Political career.
In 1946, Zetterberg returned to Claremont to practice law, and involved himself in local politics. Elected chairman of a local committee seeking to manage growth in the area, Zetterberg urged former congressman Jerry Voorhis, defeated by Nixon in 1946, to run again in 1948. Voorhis declined, citing health reasons, and Zetterberg decided to run in the Democratic primary instead. To attract attention to his campaign, he organized square dances. Nixon refused to debate Zetterberg. 
Zetterberg filed for the race on March 23, 1948, just over two months before the June 1 primary, but his commitments as an attorney kept him busy until mid-April. He did not start to campaign even then, but waited until a month before the primary. Zetterberg was underfinanced in the campaign, spending less than $2,000.
At the time, California law permitted candidates to run in both major parties' primaries, a practice known as "cross-filing." In an attempt to assure himself of no major party opposition on the general election ballot, Nixon, who was facing no Republican opposition, also entered the Democratic primary.. Under instructions from the Nixon campaign, a group called "Democrats for Nixon" sent out postcards addressed to "Fellow Democrats". Under California law at the time, the incumbent was listed first on the ballot, and was identified as such. According to Zetterberg in a 1972 interview, some voters showed him their sample ballots, convinced Nixon was the Democratic incumbent.
Cross-filing was hardly unusual in California. In 1946, Governor Earl Warren, several state officers, twelve of the twenty-three members of the House of Representatives, and much of the State Legislature had secured election by cross-filing. In 1946, both Nixon and Voorhis had cross filed, each unsuccessfully.
Zetterberg refused to take the obvious retaliatory step of running also in the Republican primary, deeming it hypocritical. Zetterberg received 16,808 votes in the Democratic primary to Nixon's 21,411, while a third candidate attracted 2,772, and Nixon was re-elected in November with 86.9 percent of the vote, facing only minor party candidates. A few Nixon biographers have stated that had Nixon and Zetterberg met in the general election, Nixon could have been defeated in an election in which President Harry S. Truman was re-elected and the Democrats picked up seats in the California delegation to the House of Representatives. Other scholars deem that hypothetical outcome as highly unlikely as Truman lost Nixon's conservative district to Gov. Thomas Dewey, the Republican candidate for president, and Nixon had proven himself to be a strong fundraiser and campaigner. 
Nixon biographer Irwin Gellman criticized Zetterberg's performance in the race, stating that Zetterberg did not appear actively involved in the race, nor did he spend enough money on campaign necessities such as posters and stickers 
Nixon would use similar techniques two years later in his Senate campaign against Representative Helen Gahagan Douglas. This time, the Democrats focused attention on his actions and coined the sobriquet "Tricky Dick" for Nixon. With Nixon running for the Senate, Zetterberg ran again for the House, this time cross-filing and winning the Democratic nomination, but was defeated in the general election by Republican Patrick Hillings by a 60% to 40% tally. Cross-filing was abolished in California in 1959.
Later years.
Zetterberg remained active in politics, serving on a governor's task force on health. He continued the practice of law until 2008, and audited courses at Pomona College until his mid 80s. Zetterberg served on the boards of the Pomona Valley YMCA and Casa Colina, a Pomona rehabilitation hospital. His wife, the former Connie Lyon, died in 2007 after the two had been married for 67 years. Zetterberg was survived by three sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21382500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382500" title="John Nicholson (cyclist)">
John Nicholson (cyclist)

John Nicholson (born 22 June 1949 in Melbourne, Australia) is a cyclist from Australia.
He competed for Australia in the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich, Germany in the individual sprint event where he finished in second place. He won Gold at the 1970 Commonwealth Games and the 1974 Commonwealth Games also in the sprint. He turned professional in 1975 and won the world championships in that year and also in 1976.
Nicholson was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1986.
Nicholson is currently (2009) the president and a life member of the Blackburn Cycling Club in Melbourne, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21382505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382505" title="Franz Anton Bustelli">
Franz Anton Bustelli

Franz Anton Bustelli (April 12, 1723 – April 18, 1763) was a Swiss-born German modeller for the Bavarian Nymphenburg Porcelain Manufactory from 1754 to his death in 1763. He is widely regarded as the finest modeller of porcelain in the Rococo style: "if the art of European porcelain finds its most perfect expression in the "rococo" style, so the style finds its most perfect expression in the work of Bustelli". 
He was born in Locarno in Italian-speaking Switzerland, and died in Munich, Bavaria, just after his 40th birthday. Few details of his life are known, but he trained as a sculptor, probably mostly in wood, in Italy. He spoke and wrote German fluently, and may have grown up in Bavaria.
Nymphenburg.
Bustelli joined the Neudeck factory in Munich in 1754, the year after it was established by the local ruler, Maximilian III Joseph, Elector of Bavaria. That year the elector placed Sigmund Graf von Haimhausen in charge of the factory. The factory moved in 1761 to the grounds of the Elector's Nymphenburg Palace near Munich, where it remains today, but its products are normally referred to as Nymphenburg for the earlier period as well. It was a relatively late entrant to the group of porcelain factories set up in Europe as the secrets of the techniques developed by Johann Friedrich Böttger for the Meissen factory in Saxony (established in 1710) gradually leaked out. Bustelli was rapidly promoted to "Modellmeister", or head modeller, and created moulds for about 150 new models for Neudeck and Nymphenburg. 
His first figures were small classical gods and putti, followed by a series of street vendors, as well as some larger religious figures, including a Crucifixion, that follow directly from the style of South German woodcarving of the period. In a series of Chinese and Turkish figures, from about 1756 onwards, reflecting the Rococo taste for chinoiserie and Orientalism, he reached the height of his powers, seen in the mature figures of the following years. The most famous of his works are a set of eight pairs of male and female single figures whose glances interact, portraying characters in the Commedia dell'arte (1759–60).
These were followed by groups of paired lovers and other figures, such as hounds. He was involved in the design of a large dinner service for the Elector, though the elaborate individual paintings, by Joseph Zächenberger, were not completed until after his death.
Bustelli produced models that were made into moulds, and after Nymphenburg introduced painted figures in 1756, he executed or designed the paint scheme for a finished model to be followed by the factory's painters. Models were produced in both polychrome and plain white examples, with the latter more numerous, and the colouring often varying considerably between examples (see picture above). With the older, and far more prolific, modeller Johann Joachim Kaendler of Meissen, Bustelli is the outstanding figure of Rococo porcelain, and his best work has a unique grace, energy, drama and often wit. His figures are thoroughly designed in the round, meant to be appreciated from all angles. The bases are unusually thin, and often include scroll-work that integrates elegantly with the figures. Some subjects are drawn from engravings, and many seem to show the influence of the conventional theatrical gestures of the period.
He was not very highly paid, and his possessions at his death included furniture and personal effects, some of his own figures, 228 engravings, and 31 books on chemistry. 
Today many Bustelli designs continue to be produced by Nymphenburg, though not from the original moulds, and using modern stamps. Original figures may fetch over $150,000. The best collections of original pieces are in Munich, in the Bavarian National Museum, where a whole room is devoted to his work, and the Bäuml collection in the Marstallmuseum in Nymphenburg Palace; the Bäuml family owned the factory between 1888 and 1975. Other museums all over the world have examples. 
5196 Bustelli (3102 T-2) is a main belt asteroid, discovered in 1973 and named after Bustelli; Böttger and Kaendler of Meissen have the two preceding numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="21382508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382508" title="Renters' insurance">
Renters' insurance

Renters' insurance is an insurance policy which provides most of the benefits of homeowners' insurance. Renters' insurance does not include coverage for the dwelling, or structure, with the exception of small alterations that a tenant makes to the structure. This provides liability insurance. The tenant's personal property is covered against named perils such as fire, theft and vandalism. The owner of the building is responsible for insuring it, but bears no responsibility for the tenant's belongings. 
General requirements.
Many large and medium-sized rental properties include a requirement in their lease that tenants hold renters' insurance. If the tenant damages the premises, the landlord and other tenants can recover against the perpetrator's insurance. Renters' insurance also informs the tenant that the landlord is not responsible for their belongings and that the tenant has coverage for them. But it is important to know what type of damage your insurance covers. Basically, there are three types of coverage available: loss of use, personal property, and personal liability.
Tracking renters' insurance.
Multiple companies track renters' insurance in apartment complexes, by requiring the tenant to purchase insurance and maintaining a database of expiration dates, cancellations and similar information for the property owner/manager to use to ensure coverage for all units. Among the companies which track renters insurance, there is some variation in methods. Some companies such as e-RenterPlan primarily track their own policies. Other companies, like Effective Coverage, track both their own policies and any compliant third party policy that a tenant chooses. By using additional interest tracking, management companies and property owners gain a more complete picture of the insurance profile of their properties. A limited number of communities require that tenants list them on the policy as additional insured. This actually makes it more difficult for a property owner or manager to recover from a tenant's liability policy, because the additional insured is a party to the policy rather than a third party which would be eligible for coverage. 

</doc>
<doc id="21382511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382511" title="Katharina Baunach">
Katharina Baunach

Katharina Baunach (born 18 January 1989) is a German football player. She currently plays for Bayern Munich and she was first called up to play in the German national team in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21382523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382523" title="Omar Pkhakadze">
Omar Pkhakadze

Omar Pkhakadze (, ; 8 December 1944 – 21 May 1993) was a Georgian sprint cyclist. He competed for the Soviet Union at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics and finished in fourth and third place in 1968 and 1972, respectively, winning the first Soviet Olympic medal in sprint cycling. In 1965 he also became the first Soviet sprinter to win a world title; he finished third in 1966 and second in 1969. During his career he won 10 national titles – in 1963, 1964 and 1966–1973. 
He was born in a poor family; his father was handicapped in war and died when Phakadze was 15, leaving his wife with four children. The same year, Phakadze started training in cycling. He retired after the 1972 Olympics and worked as a cycling coach, training the Soviet team between 1978 and 1984 and becoming the first president of the Georgian Cycling Federation. He married Donara Dzhanukashvili (), a former competitive gymnast.
In 1987 he and Georgian Olympic wrestler Levan Tediashvili played two heroes in the historical Georgian film "Khareba da Gogia". The film director Georgiy Shengelaya chose them instead of professional actors for their athletism, charisma and energy required for these roles; their assistants in the film were also played by sportsmen, world champions in wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="21382525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382525" title="Edmonton Drillers">
Edmonton Drillers

Edmonton Drillers have been the name of three different soccer franchises:

</doc>
<doc id="21382532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382532" title="Miss Latin America 1990">
Miss Latin America 1990

Miss América Latina 1990 was the seventh international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the ninth overall. The final event was held on October 26, 1990 in San Salvador, El Salvador. At the conclusion of the pageant, Vanessa Holler of Venezuela was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Suzanne Hannaux of El Salvador.. 

</doc>
<doc id="21382534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382534" title="Géza Szigritz">
Géza Szigritz

Géza Szigritz (also known as "Tarródy", 18 January 1907 – 12 December 1949) was a Hungarian swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Krivángyetva, Detva District and died in Eger.
In the 1928 he was a member of the Hungarian team which finished fourth in the 4×200 m freestyle relay event. In the 400 m freestyle competition he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="21382547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382547" title="Dave Moates">
Dave Moates

David Allen Moates is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of three seasons in the major leagues, from until , for the Texas Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="21382559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382559" title="RECON (River, Estuary and Coastal Observing Network)">
RECON (River, Estuary and Coastal Observing Network)

RECON is the River, Estuary, and Coastal Observing Network created and maintained by Sanibel-Captiva Conservation Foundation (SCCF).
Description.
RECON is the first-of-its kind observing system funded from a majority of private donations to SCCF’s Marine Laboratory. Seven fixed locations stream water quality data from in situ Satlantic instrument packages. The sensor array includes a chemical-free nitrate sensor (ISUS), a CTD (conductivity, temperature, and depth) and fluorometer package for depth, turbidity, temperature, dissolved oxygen, salinity, and chlorophyll a fitted with a bleach injection system (WETLabs, Water Quality Monitor), and a CDOM fluorometer. One of the stations also incorporates a Nortek Aquadopp 2-dimensional current profiler sampling at 1 MHz for flow measurements. Data are currently collected hourly and transmitted in near-real time via cellular modems to a dedicated SQL database and can be viewed also in near real-time and plotted at RECON's website.

</doc>
<doc id="21382561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382561" title="Knewton">
Knewton

Knewton is an adaptive learning company that has developed a platform to personalize educational content. The Knewton platform allows schools, publishers, and developers to provide adaptive learning for any student. In 2011, Knewton announced a partnership with Pearson Education to enhance the company's digital content, including the MyLab and Mastering series. Additional partners announced include Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Macmillan Education, and Triumph Learning. Knewton also offers two adaptive learning products of its own: a developmental math program and a test prep course for the GMAT.
The company was founded in 2008 by Jose Ferreira, a former executive at Kaplan, Inc. In its first round of funding, Knewton raised $2.5 million in investment capital from Accel Partners, Reid Hoffman, Ron Conway, and Josh Kopelman at First Round Capital. In April 2009 Knewton closed a $6 million round of funding led by Bessemer Venture Partners with returning investors, and in April 2010 Knewton closed a $12.5 million round of funding led by FirstMark Capital with returning investors. In October 2011 the company closed a $33 million series D round of funding led by the Founders Fund. In December 2013 the company closed a $51 million series E round of funding led by Atomico, joined by GSV Capital and returning investors.
Knewton's offices are at 100 5th Avenue in Manhattan, New York City.
Description.
Knewton is an adaptive learning technology provider that makes it possible for others to build adaptive learning applications. Knewton technology enables the company to perform "sophisticated, real-time analysis of reams of student performance data." Knewton uses adaptive learning technology to identify each student's particular strengths and weaknesses. Concepts are tagged at very specific levels, which allows the platform to make custom recommendations based on students’ proficiency and needs. The company first launched with a GMAT preparation course. Len Swanson and Rob McKinley, who developed the original GMAT CATs for Educational Testing Service (ETS) and ACT, collaborated to write the scoring algorithms.
In 1995, researchers now working for Knewton proved that the small question pool available to the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) computer-adaptive test made it vulnerable to cheating.
In January 2011, Arizona State University began powering developmental math and blended learning courses with Knewton's adaptive technology.
"The portion of students withdrawing from the courses fell from 13% to 6%, and pass rates rose from 66% to 75%".

</doc>
<doc id="21382595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382595" title="Aulo Gustafsson">
Aulo Gustafsson

Aulo Lemuel Gustafsson (5 December 1908 – 19 August 1982) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. He was born and died in Stockholm.
In the 1928 he was a member of the Swedish team which finished fifth in the 4×200 m freestyle relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="21382601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382601" title="Knightsville, Utah">
Knightsville, Utah

Knightsville is a ghost town located in the East Tintic Mountains on the northern slope of Godiva Mountain, approximately east of Eureka, in the northeastern corner of Juab County in central Utah, United States. A silver mining camp, Knightsville was established and operated as a company town by local mining entrepreneur Jesse Knight. The town was inhabited from 1896 until approximately 1940.
History.
Jesse Knight came to the Tintic Mining District in 1896, with little money and no previous mining knowledge or experience. Against the advice of experienced geologists, he sank a mine shaft that quickly reached a rich body of ore. In response to those who had doubted, he named it the "Humbug Mine". Opening about a half dozen mines in the east Tintic area, Knight became one of the region's richest mine owners. His membership in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was conspicuous in an industry dominated by non-Mormons, and his successes brought him the nickname "the Mormon Mining Wizard".
Knight disapproved of the drunkenness and other vices of the typical mining camp lifestyle. He decided to build his own model town to house the miners near the Humbug Mine. He started Knightsville by having 20 houses built on Godiva Mountain. He soon expanded to 65 homes and two boarding houses. There were stores, churches, hotels, and a post office. But Knightsville became known as "the only mining camp in the United States without a saloon"; as the landowner Knight would not permit a saloon to operate in town. 
Residents paid taxes to Utah County until 1898, when the first precise survey of the county line showed that it ran just to the east of town. In 1899 they began paying taxes as Juab County residents.
Jesse Knight took a paternalistic attitude toward his workers and tenants. He was the first area mine owner to close his mines on Sundays, increasing daily wages to compensate for the lost day of work. He encouraged the miners, most of them Mormons, to attend church on the day off. The operation became laughingly known as the "Sunday School mines". When he learned the town's school population was too small to qualify for county funding, Knight solved the problem by hiring a father of eight. Eureka's many saloons were close by, but any employee found to be neglecting his family for liquor would be reprimanded, and even terminated if he persisted. Such policies proved attractive to many miners, who affectionally called the owner "Uncle Jesse". By 1907 the population of Knightsville grew to 1000.
Decline.
In 1915 the valuable ores in Knight's mines began to run out. Some of the mines were gradually closed. Houses were moved out of Knightsville, many of them to Eureka. By 1924 only two mines were still running, and by 1940 the entire operation was closed down. The site of Knightsville was emptied. Today nothing remains but some assorted debris and the schoolhouse foundation, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="21382603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382603" title="2006–07 Northern Premier League">
2006–07 Northern Premier League

The 2006–07 Northern Premier League season was the 39th in the history of the Northern Premier League, a football competition in England. Teams were divided into two divisions; the Premier and the First. After this season, Division One was split into two leagues: the Northern Premier League Division One North and the Northern Premier League Division One South.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured five new clubs:
Play-offs.
The Premier Division play-offs saw the second to fifth placed sides in the Division compete for one place in the Conference North.
Division One.
Division One featured seven new clubs:
Play-offs.
The First Division play-offs saw the second to fifth placed sides in the First Division compete for a place in the Premier Division.
Cup Results.
Challenge Cup: Teams from both divisions.
President's Cup: 'Plate' competition for losing teams in the NPL Cup.
Chairman's Cup: 'Plate' competition for losing teams in the NPL Cup.
Peter Swales Shield: Between Champions of NPL Premier Division and Champions of NPL First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="21382605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382605" title="Richard Curteys">
Richard Curteys

Richard Curteys (Curtis) (c.1532?-1582) was an English bishop.
Life.
He was born in Lincolnshire, and educated at St. John's College, Cambridge, 
where he was elected to a scholarship in 1550. He proceeded B.A. in 1553, was elected a Fellow in 1553, and commenced M.A. in 1556. During the reign of Mary I of England he remained unaffected. He was appointed senior fellow of his college on 22 July 1559. In 1563 he was elected one of the proctors of the university. When Queen Elizabeth visited Cambridge in August 1564, he made a congratulatory oration in Latin to Sir William Cecil, chancellor of the university, on his arrival at St. John's College, and as proctor he took part in the disputation before the queen. In 1565 he proceeded B.D., and made a complaint against Richard Longworth, the Master of his college, and William Fulke one of the fellows, for non-conformity.
He was appointed dean of Chichester about November 1566, and installed in March 1567. Around that he was chaplain to the Queen and Archbishop Matthew Parker. In 1569 it was suggested that he should become Archbishop of York, but Archbishop Parker favoured Edmund Grindal. In the same year he was created D.D. by the university of Cambridge, being admitted in the Jerusalem Chamber at Westminster, by the Dean Gabriel Goodman.
On the death of William Barlow, Bishop of Chichester, Archbishop Parker wrote to Sir William Cecil recommending Curteys for the vacant see. He was eventually elected to it, though not until April 1570. On 11 April 1571 he was presented by the queen to the vicarage of Ryhall, with the members in Rutland.
His time as Bishop of Chichester was troubled. He engaged in a lawsuit with the Lord Admiral with respect to wrecks on the coast. In March 1577 he held a visitation, and cited and questioned the gentry of his diocese who were suspected Catholic sympathizers: about absenting themselves from divine service; of sending letters and money to, or receiving letters from Catholic fugitives; or of possessing the books of Thomas Harding and other Catholic authors. Three of the principal gentry involved complained, and commissioners prescribed conditions for his observance. In June 1577 he was obliged to procure a testimonial that he was not drunk at a private house. In 1579 he was called upon to deprive his brother Edmund of the vicarage of Cuckfield and of a canonry in Chichester as "a lewd vicar, void of all learning, a scoffer at singing of psalms, a seeker to witches, a drunkard, &c." The bishop ducked the task, and subsequently the Bishop of London was directed to proceed to the deprivation of the delinquent.
He died in August 1582, very poor and greatly in debt to the Queen. He was buried in Chichester Cathedral. The see remained vacant until January 1586.
Works.
In addition to sermons preached before the queen and at St. Paul's Cross, he published "An Exposition of certain Wordes of S. Paule to the Romaynes, entitled by an old writer, Hugo, a Treatise of the Workes of thre Dayes. Also another Worke of the Truthe of Christes naturall Bodye," London, 1577, 8vo ; a translation. It had a preface, signed by about forty preachers, commending him for the good he had done in his diocese, especially by suppressing "Machevils, papists, libertines, atheists, and such other erroneous persons."
A treatise by him, "An Corpus Christi sit ubique?" and his translation from English into Latin of the first part of Bishop John Jewel's answer to Thomas Harding's "Confutation" are among the manuscripts in the British Museum (Royal Collection, 8 D. vii., articles 1 & 2).

</doc>
<doc id="21382613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382613" title="Clogg">
Clogg

Clogg as a surname can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21382615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382615" title="Hammer of Thor (monument)">
Hammer of Thor (monument)

The Hammer of Thor is a tall, t-shaped, man-made rock formation, located along the Arnaud River in the Ungava Peninsula, Quebec, Canada. It was discovered in 1964 by an archaeologist who thought it was erected by Vikings. He named it "The Hammer of Thor", in reference to Norse culture. Today some scholars believe that it is more likely to be an artifact of Inuit culture, an inuksuk or stone landmark.
Description.
The Hammer of Thor consists of three rocks stacked on top of each other—a vertical shaft, a cross piece, and a capstone. The vertical column, or shaft, measures about tall; the cross piece is about long; and the capstone is in height. The entire monument stands about high; and has been estimated to weigh about .
It is located on the northern bank of the Arnaud River (formerly known as Payne River), about above Payne Bay, near the western coast of Ungava Bay, in the Ungava Peninsula, Quebec, Canada.
Discovery.
The monument was discovered in 1964 by archaeologist Thomas E. Lee, during an anthropological expedition to Ungava. It had been standing for many years, and no one in the area knew who had erected it. Inuit tradition held that it predated their arrival in the area. Lee considered it to be European in appearance, and considered it to be proof that the Norse inhabited the Ungava region about a thousand years before. Lee thought it looked like a hammer and named the monument "The Hammer of Thor".
Given growing knowledge about and appreciation for Inuit culture, contemporary scholars believe this work is as likely to be an "Inuksuk", a stone landmark, erected by Inuit.

</doc>
<doc id="21382626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382626" title="Tsutomu Sakamoto">
Tsutomu Sakamoto

He competed for Japan in the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, United States in the individual sprint event where he finished in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="21382627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382627" title="Nikolai Kovsh">
Nikolai Kovsh

Nikolai Kovsh (born 22 January 1965) is a cyclist from Soviet Union.
He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul, South Korea in the individual sprint event where he finished in second place.

</doc>
<doc id="21382628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382628" title="Sergei Kopylov">
Sergei Kopylov

Sergei Vladimirovich Kopylov (; born 29 July 1960 in Tula) is a racing cyclist from the Soviet Union.
He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union in the individual sprint event, where he finished in third place. In 1981, he won the world amateur sprint championship gold medal. In 1982, he successfully defended his title against his main rival of the time, Est Germany's Lutz Hesslich. In 1983, he focused on the 1 km time trial, capturing the world championship in Switzerland. The Soviet boycott of the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics prevented him from competing for an Olympic gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="21382630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382630" title="Yave Cahard">
Yave Cahard

Yave Cahard (born 26 December 1957 in Sainte-Adresse, France) is a cyclist from France.
He competed for France in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union in the individual sprint event where he finished in second place.

</doc>
<doc id="21382641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382641" title="Actually existing capitalism">
Actually existing capitalism

Actually existing capitalism or really existing capitalism is a term used mainly by anti-capitalists to refer to economies that do not fit the ideal definition of capitalism as a laissez-faire free market economic system, but have significant state intervention and partnerships between private industry and the state.
More commonly, others refer to a mixture of private and state control as mixed economy.

</doc>
<doc id="21382647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382647" title="Eduardo Bone">
Eduardo Bone

Eduardo Andrés Boné Saá (born February 22, 1990 in Esmeraldas) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Aucas.

</doc>
<doc id="21382649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382649" title="Judiciary of Sweden">
Judiciary of Sweden

The judicial system of Sweden consists of the law of Sweden and a number of government agencies tasked with upholding security and rule of law within the country. The activities of these agencies include police and law enforcement, prosecution, courts, and prisons and other correctional services.
Courts.
The courts are divided into two parallel and separate systems, general courts ("allmänna domstolar") for criminal and civil cases, and general administrative courts ("allmänna förvaltningsdomstolar") for administrative cases. Each of these systems has three tiers, where the top tier court of the respective system typically only will hear cases that may become precedent. The role of judicial review of legislation is not practiced by the courts; instead, the Council on Legislation gives non-binding opinions on legality.
General courts: 
General administrative courts:
There are also a number of special courts, which will hear a narrower set of cases, as set down by legislation. While independent in their rulings, some of these courts are operated as divisions within courts of the general or general administrative courts. The special courts usually have a one-tier or two-tier system.
A number of tribunals ("nämnder") are also very similar to special courts in the way they operate:
Other examples of tribunals ("nämnder"):
The district coursts (tingsrätt) are the instances to appeal against certain resolutions by authorities like Bolagsverket, Överförmyndare, Kronofogdemyndigheten, Lantmäteriet and the police ("Polisen"). Likewise an administrative court ("förvaltningsrätt") can overthrow a taxation made by the tax authorities ("Skatteverket").
District Courts.
The district courts (') are the instances to appeal against certain resolutions by authorities like the ', ', ', ', and the police (').
In 1971, the ' became the district court all over Sweden, replacing the previous distinction between ' in larger cities and "" for other parts of the country. Later reforms have substantially reduced the number of these courts from around 100 to 53 as of 2009.
Private cases against decisions by the public authorities are generally handled by the ' or the ' (administrative court), depending on the authority in question.
Law.
Sweden has a penal law system and a civil law system with laws created by the Parliament of Sweden. However, Sweden also has an extensive system of administrative law.
Sweden allows hearsay evidence.
The role of judicial review of legislation is not practiced by the courts; instead, the Council on Legislation gives non-binding opinions on legality. There is no stare decisis in that courts are not bound by precedent, although it is influential.
Administration.
The Ministry of Justice, a cabinet-level department in the government of Sweden headed by the Minister of Justice, is primarily concerned with legislation concerning the judiciary. The actual day-to-day administration of the courts is the responsibility of the National Courts Administration ("").
Officers of the court.
After completing their legal education, graduates may become judges, prosecutors, or private attorneys. The government is the principle employer of law school graduates.
Judges.
Judges start their career by applying to the Ministry of Justice, who accepts about 30% of applicants. They begin their training as assistants and court clerks for about 2 years, and after candidates pass the appropriate test, are assigned to a district court. After a broad range of assignments that may last up to 8 years, the government determines appointments and promotion of judges to permanent positions. Appellate judges usually must wait until they have 20 years of experience before they are appointed.
Prosecutors.
Swedish prosecutors are lawyers who are employed by the Swedish Prosecution Authority ("Åklagarmyndigheten") and who direct the work of the police in cases concerning severe criminality. In all criminal cases, the prosecutors make decisions concerning arrests and charges on behalf of the public, and are the only public officials who can make such decisions - there is a possibility, rarely used, for private individuals to present a private prosecution ("enskilt åtal") as well. (The exception is cases concerning crimes against the freedom of the press, for which the Chancellor of Justice acts as prosecutor.) In court, the prosecutor is not necessarily in an adversarial relationship to the defendant, but is under an obligation to investigate and present information which is to the advantage of the defendant as well as to his or her disadvantage. He is not a member of the bench, nor does he participate in the private deliberations of the court.
The prosecutor is also the only public official who can decide to appeal cases to courts of appeal. (As well as the defence, victims, their representatives and other parties to the case ("målsäganden") can also appeal.) When a case has been decided by a court of appeal, the right to appeal to the Supreme Court passes from the prosecutor of the individual case to the Prosecutor General ("Riksåklagaren").
Advocates.
Attorneys become an ' or advocate when they are admitted to the Swedish Bar Association after they graduate from law school as a Candidate of Law and have practiced law "with merit" for at least 5 years. In principle, there is no monopoly held by those bearing the title ' on providing legal services in Sweden.
A board of the Swedish Bar Association supervises members and may disqualify an attorney from practicing law. The Prosecutor General may request the board take action pursuant to the Code on Judicial Procedure.
Compared with other countries, the number of attorneys in private practice is small.
Lay judges.
In Sweden, lay judges ("", also known as lay assessors) sit alongside professional judges in district and appellate general and administrative courts, but decide virtually no civil cases. Lay judges are always in the majority in district courts, whereas the professional judges are in the majority in the appellate courts.
Municipal assemblies appoint lay judges for the district courts and the county councils appoint lay judges for the appellate and county administrative courts. They are appointed for a period of 4 years, and may not refuse appointment without valid excuse such as an age of 60 years old. Typically, a lay judge will serve one day per month in court during his or her tenure.
In principle, any adult can become lay judges. Lay judges must be Swedish citizens and under 70 years old. People that cannot be lay judges are judges, court officers, prosecutors, police, attorneys, and professionals engaged in judicial proceedings. In practice, lay judges in Sweden are elderly, wealthy, and better educated. Lay judges are usually politicians from the local authority from which they are appointed, appointed in proportion to political party representation at the last local elections.
The use of lay judges in Sweden goes back to Medieval times.
Juries.
In press libel cases and other cases concerning offenses against freedom of the press, the question of whether or not the printed material falls outside permissible limits is submitted to a jury of 9 members which provides a pre-screening before the case is ruled on by normal courts. In these cases 6 out of 9 jurors must find against the defendant, and may not be overruled in cases of acquittal.
Sweden has no tradition of using juries in most types of criminal or civil trial. The sole exception, since 1815, is in cases involving freedom of the press, prosecuted under Chapter 7 of the Freedom of the Press Act, part of Sweden's constitution. The most frequently prosecuted offence under this act is defamation, although in total eighteen offences, including high treason and espionage, are covered. These cases are tried in district courts (first tier courts) by a jury of nine laymen.
The jury in press freedom cases rules only on the facts of the case and the question of guilt or innocence. The trial judge may overrule a jury's guilty verdict, but may not overrule an acquittal. A conviction requires a majority verdict of 6-3. Sentencing is the sole prerogative of judges.
Jury members must be Swedish citizens and resident in the county in which the case is being heard. They must be of sound judgement and known for their independence and integrity. Combined, they should represent a range of social groups and opinions, as well as all parts of the county. It is the county council that have the responsibility to appoints juries for a tenure of four years under which they may serve in multiple cases. The appointed jurymen are divided into two groups, in most counties the first with sixteen members and the second with eight. From this pool of available jurymen the court hears and excludes those with conflicts of interest in the case, after which the defendants and plaintiffs have the right to exclude a number of members, varying by county and group. The final jury is then randomly selected by drawing of lots.
Juries are not used in other criminal and civil cases. For most other cases in the first and second tier courts lay judges sit alongside professional judges. Lay judges participate in deciding both the facts of the case and sentencing. Lay judges are appointed by local authorities, or in practice by the political parties represented on the authorities.
Chancellor of Justice.
The Chancellor of Justice ("") is the chief legal advisor to the government and the Minister, represents Sweden in civil litigation, and also has oversight responsibility similar to that of an ombudsman. The Chancellor also has duties with respect to the Freedom of the Press Act and the Fundamental Laws on Freedom of Expression, two of the four constituent pieces of the Constitution of Sweden.
Legal education.
Legal education in Sweden results in a master of law degree after about 4-5 years of study. Sweden has several law schools:
The government is the principle employer of law school graduates. Compared with other countries, the number of attorneys in private practice is small. There are only about 100 law professors in Sweden.
Law enforcement.
The main body for law enforcement in Sweden is the Swedish Police Service ("Polisen") and until the middle 19th century, Swedish police were decentralized, unprofessional, and disorganized. After a study in 1962 recommended nationalization, the police service was centralized in 1965. The Prison and Probation Service is the government agency handling prisons in Sweden.
The Ministry of Justice, a cabinet-level department in the government of Sweden headed by the Minister of Justice, is primarily concerned with legislation concerning law enforcement. The actual day-to-day administration is the responsibility of the National Police Board ("").

</doc>
<doc id="21382662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382662" title="Nicole Banecki">
Nicole Banecki

Nicole Banecki (born 3 September 1988) is a German football player. She is of German-Cameroonian decent. Banecki currently plays for FCR 2001 Duisburg and she made her debut in the German national team on 7 March 2008 against Finland.
Banecki played for Germany at the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup finals in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="21382671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382671" title="Peene (disambiguation)">
Peene (disambiguation)

Peene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21382685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382685" title="Miss Latin America 1991">
Miss Latin America 1991

Miss América Latina 1991 was the eighth international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the tenth overall. The final event was held on November 12, 1991 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. At the conclusion of the pageant, María Elena Bellido of Peru was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Vanessa Holler of Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="21382690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382690" title="Louis Raynaud, dit Blanchard">
Louis Raynaud, dit Blanchard

Louis Raynaud, dit Blanchard (March 1789 – August 9, 1868) was a farmer and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Saint-Hyacinthe in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1830 to 1838. His name also appears as Louis Renault Blanchard and Louis Reynaud, dit Blanchard.
He was born Pierre-Louis Blanchard in L'Assomption, Quebec, the son of Jean-Baptiste Blanchard and Magdeleine Payette, and settled at Saint-Hyacinthe. Raynaud, dit Blanchard was married twice: to Angélique Poulin in 1809 and to Marie Evé in 1857. He supported the Parti patriote in the legislative assembly and voted in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. A local leader of the Lower Canada Rebellion, a warrant was issued for his arrest in December 1837 and he fled to the United States, returning after a general amnesty was granted in June 1838. In 1844, Raynaud, dit Blanchard was named a commissioner for the trial of minor causes; however, he never swore the required oath and resigned in 1848. In 1856, he was named a lieutenant-colonel in the militia. He died at Saint-Hyacinthe at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="21382692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382692" title="Merger Cup">
Merger Cup

The Merger Cup is a series of annual sporting fixtures played between Queen Mary, University of London and the medical school Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. The event has taken place since the merger of the two institutions in 1995.
The results of a number of matches, normally played on the same day, are combined to determine the overall winner. Among the sports played are rugby, football, hockey, rowing, tennis, badminton, netball, squash, and basketball.
Results.
There is a clear difference in student numbers between the two establishments (Queen Mary has almost 17,000 students while Barts and The London has 2,400), though the medical school has older and more experienced sportsmen and women available to it (medical degrees being longer than other subjects). In recent times Queen Mary have won the cup in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008. 2009 saw the cup return to the medical school with a 9-7 victory over Queen Mary, but a close 10-9 win brought it back to Queen Mary in 2010. In 2011, Barts & The London were Merger Cup winners. In 2012 QM won with a 15-7 defeat of BL. In 2014 Barts dominated 29-24, winning most major sports in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="21382698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382698" title="Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames">
Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames

Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames were a noted British rhythm and blues/soul/jazz/ska/pop group of the 1960s. They had been the backing band for Billy Fury but, after being dismissed at the end of 1961, their pianist Georgie Fame took over as vocalist and they went on to enjoy great success.
Personnel.
Georgie Fame, drummer Red Reece, bassist Tex Makins and guitarist Colin Green were rehearsing with singer Clay Nicholls in 1961 when they were hired by Larry Parnes to back Billy Fury. Green and Fame (then Clive Powell) had first worked together in Colin Green's Beat Boys, who had accompanied Gene Vincent and Eddie Cochran when in the UK. They were dismissed in February 1962 for being "too jazzy" for Fury, to be replaced by The Tornados. Between December 1961 and May 1962 the Blue Flames were fronted by tenor saxophonist Alan "Earl" Watson on vocals. Watson eventually left the group and Fame took over as the leader on vocals. Green left for a while, replaced first by Joe Moretti and then John McLaughlin who held the post until April 1963, when McLaughlin joined The Graham Bond Organisation and the band was without a guitarist until Green returned in October 1964. In that time Boots Slade had taken over on bass from Makins for some time while the latter toured with Johnny Hallyday.
Reece remained a constant until he became ill in 1964 after the group's second album appeared: he was followed by Tommy Frost and Roy Mills then Jimmie Nicol, who quickly left to replace Ringo Starr on The Beatles' tour. Phil Seamen and Micky Waller helped out until Bill Eyden was taken on in September 1964. Eyden and Makins remained as the group's rhythm section until the group's last line-up, when they were replaced in December 1965 by Cliff Barton and Mitch Mitchell: the group was augmented by Ghanaian percussionist Neeomi "Speedy" Acquaye, who was with the band from May 1962 until shortly before it folded on the same day that Mitchell joined The Jimi Hendrix Experience.
The Blue Flames always featured saxophones: Mick Eve joined in 1962 and left in July 1964, having been joined by Johnny Marshall and then, in 1964, Peter Coe. Coe remained, eventually joined by Glenn Hughes and then by Eddie "Tan-Tan" Thornton (trumpet), who had for some time appeared occasionally with the group.
History.
The group were resident at a number of London clubs such as The Whiskey-A-Go-Go in Soho's Wardour Street, home of The Flamingo Club. The club's owner, Rik Gunnell, became the group's manager. In August 1963 the band took a weekly Friday night spot at "The Scene" on Great Windmill Street and they also performed at The Roaring Twenties club near Carnaby Street, run by Jamaican DJ Count Suckle. They were often playing several sets per night on the weekend and at Klooks Kleek, The Ricky Tick in Windsor and The Scene during the week.
They were influenced by the jazz of Jon Hendricks, Mose Allison and blues musicians such as Willie Mabon and by the ska music then heard in Jamaican cafes in and around Ladbroke Grove. The group's trumpeter Eddie Thornton was Jamaican. During their three-year residency at the Flamingo American soldiers who visited the club would play the latest jazz and blues releases from America: it was "Green Onions" by Booker T. & the M.G.'s that caused Fame to change to the Hammond organ. 
The group recorded its debut album "Rhythm And Blues At the Flamingo" in September 1963. Produced by Ian Samwell and engineered by Glyn Johns, the album was released on the EMI Columbia label. It failed to appear on the charts, and first three singles, released in 1964, 'Do The Dog', 'Do Re Mi', and 'Bend A Little', also didn't go very far.
In 1964 Fame and the band appeared on five episodes of ITV's "Ready Steady Go!". The October 1964 follow-up album "Fame At Last" reached No. 15 on the UK chart. Their version of the song "Yeh Yeh", a tune by Mongo Santamaría with lyrics by Jon Hendricks, released on 14 January 1965, spent two weeks at No. 1 on the UK singles chart and a total of 12 weeks on the chart. Fame also appeared on television in 1965 in the "New Musical Express Poll Winners' Concert" held at the Empire Pool, Wembley on 11 April 1965, playing "Yeh Yeh" and Rufus Thomas' "Walking the Dog".
The follow-up "In The Meantime" (February 1965) only scraped the top twenty and the next two offerings were little heard. Then "Getaway", released on 21 July 1966, did very well reaching the top of the UK chart for a week and spending 11 weeks on the chart in all. The song, originally recorded with a view to using it as a television jingle for a petrol advertisement, was later used as the theme tune for a quiz show on Australian television. The two subsequent singles, "Sunny" and "Sitting in the Park" made number 13 and 12 respectively. At this point, after 1966's album "Sweet Thing" was released, Fame broke up the band, signed to CBS and went on to record solo, having been advised by his management to pursue an "all-round entertainment" career, somewhat as Manfred Mann's Paul Jones was then doing.
Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames were the only act from the UK invited to perform with the first Motown Review in the UK in the mid-1960s. The 'Tamla Motown Package Show' was a 21-date UK tour featuring, amongst others, The Supremes, Stevie Wonder and Martha Reeves & the Vandellas. Cat Stevens, who had released his first hit song "I Love My Dog", opened with Fame on 26 December 1966 for three weeks in the "Fame in '67 Show" at London's Saville Theatre.
In later years Fame was billed again with the Blue Flames: in the early 2000s he led a new line-up including his son.

</doc>
<doc id="21382715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382715" title="Eskil Lundahl">
Eskil Lundahl

Eskil Johannes Lundahl (7 September 1905 – 10 November 1992) was a Swedish freestyle and backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Malmö and died in Bromma.
In the 1928 he was a member of the Swedish team which finished fifth in the 4×200 m freestyle relay event. In the 100 m backstroke competition he was eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 100 m freestyle contest he was eliminated in the first round.
Four years later at the Los Angeles Games he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 m freestyle event as well as of the 100 m backstroke competition.
At the 1948 Summer Olympics he participated in the art competitions but the event is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="21382720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382720" title="Scopophobia">
Scopophobia

Scopophobia or scoptophobia (from Greek σκοπέω - "skopeō", "look to, examine" and φόβος - "phobos", "fear") is an anxiety disorder characterized by a morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others. It is related to "Ophthalmophobia" (from Greek ὀφθαλμός- "ophthalmos", "eye"). Scopophobia can also be associated with a pathological fear of drawing attention to oneself.
History.
Generally, phobias have been around for centuries. The concept of social phobias have been referred to as far back as 400 B.C. One of the first references to social phobias, such as scopophobia, lies in a statement Hippocrates made about the overly shy individual. Hippocrates explained that a shy person, "loves darkness as light" and "thinks every man observes him." 
The actual term "social phobia" was first coined by French psychiatrist Pierre Janet in 1903. He used this term to describe his patients who exhibited a fear of being observed as they were participating in daily activities such as talking, playing the piano, or writing.
In the 1906 psychiatric journal "The Alienist and Neurologist", scopophobia was described:
Then, there is a fear of being seen and a shamefacedness, which one sees in asylums. [...] We called it scopophobia — a morbid dread of being seen. In minor degree, it is morbid shamefacedness, and the patient covers the face with his or her hands. In greater degree, the patient will shun the visitor and escape from his or her sight where this is possible. Scopophobia is more often manifest among women than among men.
Later, on p. 285 scopophobia is defined as "a fear of seeing people or being seen, especially of strange faces."
Causes.
Scopophobia is unique among phobias in that the fear of being looked at is considered both a social phobia and a specific phobia, because it is a specific occurrence which takes place in a social setting. Most phobias typically fall in either one category or the other but scopophobia can be placed in both. On the other hand, as with most phobias, scopophobia generally arises from a traumatic event in the person's life. With scopophobia, it is likely that the person was subjected to public ridicule as a child. It is also possible that a person facing scopophobia is often subject to public staring, possibly due to a deformity or physical ailment.
According to the Social Phobia/Social Anxiety association, as of 2012, U.S. government data shows social anxiety affects over 7% of the population at any given time. Stretched over a lifetime, the percentage increases to 13%.
Related syndromes.
Though scopophobia is a solitary disorder, many individuals with scopophobia are commonly subject to other anxiety disorders as well. Scopophobia has been related to many other irrational fears and phobias. Specific phobias and syndromes that are similar to scopophobia include erythrophobia, the fear of blushing (which is found especially in young people), as well as an epileptic's fear that being looked at may precipitate an attack. Scopophobia is also commonly associated with schizophrenia and other psychological illnesses. However, it is not considered a symptom of another disease, but rather a psychological problem that can be cured on its own.
Erving Goffman suggested that shying away from casual glances in the street remained one of the characteristic symptoms of psychosis in public. Many scopophobia patients develop habits of voyeurism or exhibitionism. 
Another related, yet very different, syndrome to scopophobia is known as scopophilia. Scopophilia is not the fear of being looked at, but rather the enjoyment of being looked at or looking at another.
Psychoanalytic views.
Building on Freud's concept of the eye as erogenous zone, psychoanalysts have linked scopophobia to a (repressed) fear of looking, as well as to an inhibition of exhibitionism. Freud also referred to scopophobia as a "dread of the evil eye" and "the function of observing and criticizing the self" during his research into the "eye" and "transformed I's."
The equation of being looked at with a feeling of being criticized or despised reveals shame as a motivating force behind scopophobia. In the self-consciousness of adolescence, with its increasing awareness of the Other as constitutive of the looking glass self, shame may exacerbate feelings of erythrophobia and scopophobia.
Symptoms and effects.
Individuals with scopophobia generally exhibit symptoms in social situations when attention is brought upon them. A specific example of a social situation in which this may occur would be speaking in front of a large group of people. Several other triggers exist to cause social anxiety. Some examples include: Being introduced to new people, being teased and/or criticized, embarrassing easily, and even answering a cell phone call in public. 
Often scopophobia will result in symptoms common with other anxiety disorders. Many symptoms of scopophobia include: an irrational feeling of panic, feeling of terror, feeling of dread, rapid heartbeat, shortness of breath, nausea, dry mouth, trembling, anxiety, and extreme avoidance measures taken. Other symptoms related to scopophobia are: hyperventilation, muscle tension, dizziness, uncontrollable shaking or trembling, excessive eye watering or redness of the eyes.
Treatments.
There are several different options for treatment of scopophobia. One such treatment option for those facing scopophobia is to be stared at for a prolonged period of time and then describe their feelings. The hope is that the individual will either be desensitized to being stared at or discover the root of their scopophobia.
Exposure therapy is another treatment that is commonly prescribed. There are five steps to exposure therapy:
In the evaluation stage, the scopophobic individual would describe their fear to the therapist and try to find out when and why this fear developed. The feedback stage is when the therapist offers a way of treatment for the phobia. When one develops a fear hierarchy, they create a list of scenarios involving their fear, with each one becoming worse and worse. Exposure involves exposing oneself to the scenarios and situations of their fear hierarchy. Finally, building is when the patient has become comfortable with one step and moves on to the next step. 
As with any problems humans have, there are support groups for scopophobic individuals. Being around other people who face the same issues can often create a more comfortable environment. 
In extreme cases of scopophobia, it is possible for the subject to be prescribed anti–anxiety medications. The medications that can be prescribed include benzodiazepines, antidepressants, or beta-blockers. Suggested treatments for scopophobia include hypnotherapy, neuro-linguistic programming (NLP), and energy psychology.
Further reading.
Moss Hart, "Lady in the Dark" (New York 1941]

</doc>
<doc id="21382722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382722" title="Roman roads in Africa">
Roman roads in Africa

Almost all Roman roads in Africa were built in the first two centuries AD. In 14 AD Legio III Augusta completed a road from Tacape to Ammaedara: the first Roman road in Africa. In 42 AD the kingdom of Mauretania was annexed by Rome. Emperor Claudius then restored and widened a Carthaginian trail and extended it west and east. This way the Romans created a continuous coastal highway stretching for 2,100 miles from the Atlantic to the Nile. In 137 Hadrian built the Via Hadriana in the eastern desert of Egypt. It ran from Antinoopolis to Berenice.
Claudius' road that began west of Carthage followed the coastline connecting the coastal towns. From Hippo Regius, on the coast, it continued westwards to Icosium (Algiers), Caesarea (Cherchell), as far as Rusaddir (Melilla) and Tingis (Tangier). It then continued along the Atlantic coast through Iulia Constantia Zilil (Asilah) and Lixus (Larache) to Sala Colonia (near Rabat). East of Carthage the road went through the region of the Carthaginian trading stations Sabratha, Oea-Tripolis, Leptis Magna and Cyrenaica before coming to Alexandria and the lower Nile region. 
Itinaries.
"(only the supplementary roads are given)" be completed

</doc>
<doc id="21382732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382732" title="Lunteren railway station">
Lunteren railway station

Lunteren is a railway station located in Lunteren, The Netherlands.
History.
The station was opened on 1 May 1902 and is located on the Valleilijn. The station closed on 7 September 1944 and re-opened 20 May 1951. The station and services are currently operated by Connexxion, previously operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The train services pass here as the line is single track.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Lunteren:
Bus service.
Bus Service 505 stops at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="21382733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382733" title="2003 Nadimarg Massacre">
2003 Nadimarg Massacre

2003 Nadimarg massacre was killing of 24 Hindus in the village of Nadimarg in Pulwama District of Jammu and Kashmir by terrorists on 23 March 2003.
Background.
In 1990 bulk of the Hindu Kashmiri Pandit residents left the village due to ethnic cleansing and negative propaganda against Pundits at the start of Pakistan supported insurgency in Kashmir. Only four Hindu families comprising some 52 people stayed on. "They loved their motherland," says Ghulam Rasool, a resident of a nearby village who knew many of the Nadimarg victims intimately.
The attack.
The armed militants came dressed in counterfeit military uniforms. The attack took place between 11 pm and midnight. Victims included 11 men, 11 women, and two small boys who were lined up and shot and killed by the gunmen. The victims ranged from a 65-year old man to a 2-year old boy.
On night of 23 March 2003 the terrorists entered at Nadimarg village near Shopian in Pulwama district in Jammu and Kashmir and dragged the Hindus out from their homes, lined them and shot them from automatic weapons. At least 24 Hindus including 11 women and 2 children were killed. The policemen posted there fled the scene. The killers allegedly disfigured the bodies of the victims, looted their houses and took away the ornaments from bodies of the dead women.
The aftermath.
Three Lashkar-e-Taiba miltants suspected to be responsible for this massacre were gunned down by Mumbai police on 29 March. Another Lashkar-e-Taiba Militant suspected of participating in the massacre was arrested in April 2003. Christina Rocca then US Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia argued for the need for U.S. to remain "actively and effectively engaged", pointing out to this massacre. In an editorial in Pakistan's "Dawn", Kunwar Idris criticised the massacre and said "Pundits are children of no lesser god that two hundred thousand of them should be driven out of their homes and the remaining few should be left to die a gruesome death." Chris Patten European Commissioner for External Relations and United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan also condemned the massacre. India accused Pakistan to be involved in this massacre and said that it would deal with Pakistan with strength and resolve. The police has challaned the Nadimarg massacre case, identifying Zai Mustafa alias Abdullah of Rawalkote, Pakistan as the perpetrator.
Intercepts by the intelligence agencies point out that there was a possible involvement of the Lashkar and the Jaish-e-Mohammed groups which have been operating the Shupian area.
Then chief minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed promised increased police protection however terror stricken few remaining Hindus decided to leave the area.
The US Ambassador to India Robert D. Blackwill condemned the massacre of 24 Kashmiri Pandits in Jammu and Kashmir and said Washington “look forward to the terrorists being brought to justice swiftly”.
The US Secretary of State Powell and British foreign minister Straw issued a joint statement of 27 March 2003 and condemned the Nadimarg massacre, urged respect for the Line of Control, called on Pakistan to end infiltration across it and urged Pakistan to do its utmost to discourage acts of violence by militants in J&K.[http://web.archive.org/web/20050113182531/http://meaindia.nic.in/opinion/2003/05/08o02.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="21382747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382747" title="Charles Perkins">
Charles Perkins

Charles Perkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21382760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382760" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1962)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1962)

Coronation Street is a British soap opera, initially produced by Granada Television. Created by writer Tony Warren, "Coronation Street" first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960. The following is a list of characters introduced in the show's third year, by order of first appearance.
For the majority of the first half of 1962, "Coronation Street" was caught up in the midst of a strike by the actors' union Equity, which began in November 1961 and meant members could not sign new contracts for the duration. As a result the show was forced to rely on just fourteen regular cast members for five months, as those actors had previously signed year-long contracts, a rarity in television at the time. The strike caused regulars such as Emily Nugent (Eileen Derbyshire), Leonard Swindley (Arthur Lowe) and, later, Dennis Tanner (Philip Lowrie) to disappear from screens and no new characters were introduced until the strike ended in April.
Series producer Derek Granger departed the show in April, and was replaced by H.V. Kershaw in his first of eight separate stints in the role over the next ten years. With the strike over, most of the cast lost at the end of 1961 returned to their respective roles, and in July Kershaw introduced kind-hearted young builder Jerry Booth, played by Graham Haberfield. Jerry would become a major character for the next thirteen years until Haberfield's sudden death in 1975. August saw the "Street's" second birth as Christopher Hewitt was born to parents Concepta and Harry, and long-term recurring character Dave Smith made his first appearance in September.
Philippa Scopes.
Philippa Scopes is the glamorous girlfriend of Billy Walker. Billy's mother Annie takes an instant dislike to the leggy blonde, and her presence certainly catches the eye of many of the male regulars. An aspiring actress, Philippa refuses to give up her luxurious lifestyle for Billy, and ends the relationship before heading back to London.
Colin Appleby.
Colin Appleby is introduced in June as an old boyfriend of Christine Hardman's whom she bumped into while on a night out with Sheila Birtles. The chance encounter leads to a whirlwind romance and Colin and Christine are wed only days later on 20 June 1962. They leave for London that night, but in October Christine returns alone — Colin having sadly been killed in a car accident, leaving her a widow in her 20s.
Phyllis Gregory.
Phyllis Gregory is the wife of Bill Gregory who appeared seeking a reconciliation with him, causing complications for Bill and his lover Elsie Tanner. Bill was forced to choose between the two women, and he waited for a sign from Elsie to tell him to end his marriage. When none came, Bill agreed to try again with Phyllis and they left the Street together. By 1970, Phyllis had died, and although it took them 22 years, Bill and Elsie did end up together.
Jerry Booth.
Jerry Booth is played by Graham Haberfield. Jerry is introduced in July 1962 as Len Fairclough's new apprentice at the builder's yard, and the men soon become firm friends. Initially, Jerry starts pursuing Sheila Birtles, and falls for her, but when Sheila meets her obnoxious arrogant new boss Neil Crossley the next year, she becomes infatuated with him and quickly forgets about kind-hearted Jerry. Although they briefly split, Neil and Sheila later go on to marry after leaving the street.
Jerry meets Myra Dickenson in 1963. Not long after getting together, domineering Myra pushes Jerry into proposing, and nervous, easily-led Jerry went along with her plans. Jerry and Myra marry in October 1963, only a couple of months after meeting, and they move into number thirteen after returning from their honeymoon. However, with Myra playing housewife and overspending on luxuries, they find they can't survive on just Jerry's income and the bills start to pile up. The message eventually reached Myra of the trouble they were in and she broke down. Myra organised with her parents that the couple would move in with them until they can sort out their finances. The Booths left Weatherfield in May 1964.
Jerry returns in February 1965, having split from Myra. He revealed that when they had left, Myra was pregnant, but sadly their baby girl was stillborn and the devastation drove them apart. In 1966, Jerry almost finds happiness again when former flame Sheila returns to the area, but is put off when he learns of Sheila and Neil's life away from the Street and of their son Danny. In 1968, Myra returns in hope of a reconciliation but Jerry is adamant he has moved on, and continues divorce proceedings as Myra heads back to her parents'. Jerry eventually becomes a partner in Len's building company, but ends the partnership later in 1968 when Jerry unexpectedly left for a fresh start after playing best man at Dennis Tanner's wedding.
An out-of-work Jerry returns once again in 1971 and Len offers him his old job back. Jerry eventually moves in with Len and Ray Langton to help keep the house in order. Mavis Riley enters Jerry's life in 1973, and they become good friends. Jerry and Mavis develop feelings for each other, but they are both too shy to admit it and the timing is never quite right. The blossoming romance comes to an abrupt end before it even starts in 1975 when tragedy strikes.
Jerry dies suddenly of a heart attack in November 1975 aged just thirty-four, due to the real-life sudden death of actor Graham Haberfield, who had played Jerry for thirteen years. Jerry's friends and neighbours are left in a state of shock and sadness.
Sam Leach.
Sam Leach is Jerry Booth's uncle who turns up from Newcastle, and soon gets a job as potman in the Rovers. Jack provides him with a bed at the Rovers, but Sam's appearance puzzles Jerry who wonders why he's left his aunt. He impresses the locals with his acts of charity until the police turn up looking for him. The locals speculate on the reasons why, believing he may have killed his wife Maureen. In fact he is only wanted for deserting her, and returns home.
Christopher Hewitt.
Christopher Hewitt is the child born to Harry and Concepta Hewitt in 1962, played by child actors Victoria Baker and Stephen Ward. His mother's pregnancy causes a stir in the Street as most believe Concepta, at 34 years of age, too old for a baby. However, his birth comes as a joy to everyone. To mark the Hewitt's first wedding anniversary they throw a party in the Rovers to celebrate, but on the night the celebrations are cut short when Christopher is abducted from outside Swindley's shop. Three days later Elsie Tanner happens upon one of her daughter Linda's school friends Joan Akers and was surprised to find her with a baby. Recognising the child as Christopher, Elsie rings the police. Joan is arrested and Christopher is returned home safe. The Hewitt family, minus Lucille, leave the Street in 1964, but return in 1967 for the wedding of Elsie Tanner to Steve Tanner. It is on this visit that Christopher's father Harry sadly dies after being crushed by a car he is attempting to fix. Christopher accompanies his grieving mother back to Ireland, returning only once more for a fly-in visit to Annie Walker in 1975.
Dave Smith.
Dave Smith is a bookmaker and small-town businessman played by actor Reginald Marsh on a recurring basis between 1962 and 1976. Dave is introduced as owner of the local bookies when he appears for two episodes in September 1962. Dave is immediately interested in Elsie Tanner and he invites her to go on holiday with him. Elsie returns a couple of weeks later, having got bored of Dave's company.
Dave returned in 1966 and made sporadic appearances for the next ten years. He made his final appearance in 1976, leaving Weatherfield to go to Kennilworth with Blanche Hunt, an old flame to run a country club.
Joan Akers.
Joan Akers was a school friend of Linda Cheveski's who abducted Christopher Hewitt. Joan's baby died a year before and after Christopher was returned to his mother, she begged her forgiveness but Concepta refused.
Susan Schofield.
Susan Schofield was a pupil of Bessie Street School where Albert Tatlock served as a lollipop man. Albert grew concerned with Susan when he noticed she was frequently covered in bruises, and befriended her. When asked about her home life, Susan broke down and admitted that her father was violent. Following a visit to Susan's house by Albert, her father Jim threatened him, but Albert refused to back down. With the support of the men of Coronation Street, they made their own threat to Jim to call the police if the violence continued. Two years later, in 1964, Susan was knocked down and killed by a lorry on Rosamund Street.

</doc>
<doc id="21382793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382793" title="1908–09 Manchester United F.C. season">
1908–09 Manchester United F.C. season

The 1908–09 season was Manchester United's 17th season in the Football League and second in the First Division.
First Division.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="21382818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382818" title="Pavol Farkaš">
Pavol Farkaš

Pavol Farkaš (born 27 March 1985) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for the Azeri club Gabala as a centre back.
Career.
Farkas spent three seasons with FC Nitra, appearing in 59 league matches.
Chievo Verona.
On 3 July 2012 Farkaš signed a one-year contract with Chievo, in the Italian Serie A. He was loan to Serie B team Ternana on 16 July 2013.
Gabala.
Farkaš signed a one-year contract with Azerbaijan Premier League club Gabala FK on 6 July 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21382834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382834" title="Lutz Heßlich">
Lutz Heßlich

Lutz Heßlich (born 17 January 1959 in Ortrand, Brandenburg) is a racing cyclist from East Germany.
He competed for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union in the individual sprint event where he finished in first place. He missed the 1984 Summer Olympics due to the Soviet led boycott but returned to the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea where he won a second gold medal in the individual sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="21382846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382846" title="Jukka Lanki">
Jukka Lanki

Jukka Lanki (born 11 June 1971) is a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor who has represented Finland internationally from 1996. He has achieved silver medals at the world championships, both individually and in the relay. In the World Cup his best overall result is finishing second in 2001, as well as several victories in individual races.
World championships.
Lanki received a silver medal in the "long course" at the 2000 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Krasnoyarsk, and a bronze medal in Levi in 2005.
He received silver or bronze medals with the Finnish relay team in 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2005, and finished 5th in the relay in 2007.
World Cup.
Lanki finished overall 6th in the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 1999, overall third in 2000, overall second in 2001, and overall 5th in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21382866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382866" title="American Society of Theatre Consultants">
American Society of Theatre Consultants

The American Society of Theatre Consultants (ASTC) is a professional organization whose main goal is to apprise owners, contractors and/or architects of the services that a theatre consultant can perform, whether it be for a new or renovated facility.
Theatre consultant definition.
A theatre consultant, hired by either the contractor, architect or owner, is a professional who with their vast knowledge of layouts, codes and functions of theatre and performance spaces are there to advise owners and design teams during the planning and building of the project. ASTC members must be well versed in technical criteria such as:
Bio.
The American Society of Theatre Consultants has a current membership of 64 individuals representing 32 theatre consulting offices. Their members have worked on venues such as: the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles, CA, the Santa Fe Opera in Santa Fe, NM, the Robert and Magrit Mondavi Center for the Performing Arts at the University of California, Davis, the Jay Pritzker Pavilion at Millennium Park,Chicago, IL, the Chicago Shakespeare Theater, and the Conference Center in Salt Lake City, UT.
With the complexity of designing performance spaces and the need to keep apprised of the multitude of codes and new technologies, ASTC has two meetings a year to discuss and review the newest evolutions in public performance spaces. These meetings are held all over the United States so members can see first hand the newest facilities their fellow members have designed. Included in these meetings are panel discussions, often with invited authorities on various topics. Past Forum topics include:
With the constant changes to building and safety codes, the ASTC has been heavily involved in the creation, dissemination and implementation of those codes.
Allied organizations.
The ASTC maintains close ties with similar organizations such as: United States Institute for Theatre Technology (USITT), the International Association of Venue Managers (IAVM), the Entertainment Services and Technology Association (ESTA), and the International Institute for Theatre Technology (OISTAT).

</doc>
<doc id="21382896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382896" title="Kim Kulig">
Kim Kulig

Kim Kulig (born 9 April 1990) is a German footballer. She plays as a central midfielder or forward for 1. FFC Frankfurt and the German national team.
Career.
Club.
Kulig, born in Herrenberg, Swabia, Baden-Württemberg, started her career at age eight at SV Poltringen, where she initially played in a boy's team. In 2001, she joined SV Unterjesingen, before moving to VfL Sindelfingen two years later. She made her second Bundesliga debut at Sindelfingen, where she scored 17 goals in her first season in the country's second division. In 2008, Kulig won the Fritz Walter medal in silver as the year's second best female junior player. That year she moved to the Bundesliga side Hamburger SV. During three seasons at the club, she scored 27 goals in 59 Bundesliga appearances. From the 2011–12 season, Kulig has signed a three-year contract with 1. FFC Frankfurt.
International.
At age 18, Kulig reached third-place with Germany at the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. She made her debut for the German senior national team in February 2009 against China. Only seven months after her first international game, Kulig won the 2009 European Championship with Germany. She scored the third goal in Germany's 6–2 win over England in the final .
Kulig returned to junior competition one year later, helping Germany lift the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup on home soil. In the tournament's final against Nigeria, Kulig hit the post which resulted in a Nigerian own goal and sealed the German 2–0 victory. Kulig was honoured as the tournament's third-best player. She has been called up for Germany's 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.
During the quarter final of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup she was taken out in the 4th minute due to an ACL injury of the right knee. She is expected to return to playing by March 2012.
On 15 September 2012, Kulig made her comeback after 14 months of injury against Kazahstan in the UEFA Euro 2013 Qualifiers.
International goals.
"Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first:"
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="21382926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382926" title="Théophile Lemay">
Théophile Lemay

Théophile Lemay (October 12, 1784 – April 17, 1848) was a farmer, notary and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Rouville in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1832 to 1834.
He was born Théophile Lemay, dit Delorme in Varennes, Quebec, the son of Paul Lemay, dit Delorme and Élisabeth Monjon. He was a farmer at Sainte-Marie-de-Monnoir until 1820 when he qualified to practice as a notary. Lemay served in the militia during the War of 1812, later reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He was a commissioner for the trial of minor causes and a justice of the peace. He was married twice: to Marie-Esther Letêtu in 1810 and to Julie-Scholastique Talon-Lespérance in 1836. Lemay was first elected to the legislative assembly in an 1832 by-election held after Jean-Baptiste-René Hertel de Rouville retired due to poor health. He voted against the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Lemay was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1834. He was captured by the rebels in 1837 and held until late the following year. Lemay died at Sainte-Marie-de-Monnoir at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="21382930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382930" title="Nicholas Andrew Rey">
Nicholas Andrew Rey

Nicholas Andrew Rey (23 January 1938, Warsaw, Poland – 13 January 2009, Washington, D.C.) was American diplomat, businessman, United States Ambassador to Poland (from 1993 to 1997), affiliated with Democratic Party.
Life.
Rey was born in Warsaw, Poland, and as an infant (was about two years old) fled the country with his family right after the beginning of World War II. In 1946 he became a naturalized United States citizen. Graduated from Princeton and Johns Hopkins Universities. Worked as an investment banker at Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns. Rey died in Washington, D.C.. Memorial service was held on January 30 in Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Washington D.C. Was married, had three children.
Political career.
Rey was appointed United States ambassador to Poland by President Bill Clinton and served from 1993 to 1997. Worked with many prominent Polish-Americans for instance Edward Rowny and Mark Brzezinski. Participated in different campaigns of Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="21382947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382947" title="Andrew Lindsay (swimmer)">
Andrew Lindsay (swimmer)

Andrew Lindsay (born 25 October 1979) is a British paralympic swimmer who has represented Great Britain at four Paralympic Games from 1996 to 2008 winning three medals. He competes in the S7 category.
At the 1996 Paralympic Games in Atlanta Lindsay competed in men's 50, 100 and 400 m freestyle and 100 m backstroke, winning the silver medal in the latter. He repeated the events at the 2000 Games in Sydney, this time winning gold in the 100 m backstroke. In 2004 in Athens he once again took gold in the 100 m backstroke.
He is the current world record holder for the S7 category over 200 m backstroke.

</doc>
<doc id="21382951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382951" title="Love Takes Wing">
Love Takes Wing

Love Takes Wing is a Christian drama and the seventh TV movie based on a series of books by Janette Oke. It aired on Hallmark Channel on April 4, 2009. Lou Diamond Phillips directed from a script by Rachel Stuhler, based on the book "Love Takes Wing" by Janette Oke.
It is the seventh movie in an ongoing series that includes "Love Comes Softly" (2003), "Love's Enduring Promise" (2004), "Love's Long Journey" (2005), "Love's Abiding Joy" (2006), "Love's Unending Legacy" (2007), and "Love's Unfolding Dream" (2007), and "Love Finds a Home" (2009), as well as two 2011 prequels, "Love Begins", "Love's Everlasting Courage", and "Love's Christmas Journey".
Plot.
Mourning her husband's recent death, Dr. Belinda Simpson (Sarah Jones) arrives in the tiny town of Sikeston to fill the post of town physician. Once there she discovers that many of the town’s residents, including children at an orphanage run by Miss Hattie Clarence (Cloris Leachman), have fallen ill or died from an unknown ailment. She soon wonders if she's in over her head, despite reassurances from her best friend Annie (Haylie Duff) and Lee (Jordan Bridges), the town blacksmith.
Sikeston's residents are distrustful of Belinda's abilities as a doctor because she's a woman. Many of them don't even want her to help the orphans, whom they blame for infecting the rest of the town; some would be happy to see the orphanage close altogether. Opposed by what seems like the entire town, Belinda must trust in her abilities, her friends, and her faith to guide her.
Reception.
The premiere of "Love Takes Wing" was moderately successful for Hallmark Channel, delivering a solid showing among demo ratings and deliveries, particularly among female viewers. The original movie ranked in the top five for selected demographics, and ranked as the second-highest-rated ad-supported cable movie of the day and week delivering a 2.4 household rating with 2.1 million homes, over 2.8 million total viewers and 3.9 million unduplicated viewers. This performance helped the network rank #2 for the night with a 2.0 household rating.

</doc>
<doc id="21382964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382964" title="Esquimalt Harbour">
Esquimalt Harbour

Esquimalt Harbour is a sheltered body of water in Greater Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. It is connected to the Strait of Juan de Fuca by a narrow channel known as Royal Roads. Its entrance is marked by Fisgard Lighthouse.
Esquimalt Harbour is home to the Canadian Forces Maritime Forces Pacific, based at CFB Esquimalt. It was the home of the Esquimalt Royal Navy Dockyard from 1842 to 1905.
Just to the east of Esquimalt Harbour lies Victoria Harbour.
In the summer of 1790 Manuel Quimper, Gonzalo López de Haro, and Juan Carrasco aboard the "Princesa Real" explored the Strait of Juan de Fuca where they claimed Esquimalt Harbour for Spain, naming it Puerto de Córdova.

</doc>
<doc id="21382967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382967" title="Desvonde Botes">
Desvonde Botes

Desvonde Pierre Botes (born 2 November 1974) is a South African professional golfer.
Botes was born in Pretoria. After winning the South African Amateur Championship in 1991 at the age of 16 years and 5 months, 20 days younger than the record set by Ernie Els, Botes turned professional at the start of 1992. His first professional victory came in the Mercedes Benz Golf Challenge on the Southern Africa Tour in 1993.
Following further successes on the Southern Africa Tour, including the South African Masters in 1998, Botes attempted to qualify for the European Tour. He did not manage to gain full exemption in 1999, but returned the following year and was medalist at the European Tour Qualifying School less than a week after claiming his second Platinum Classic title in South Africa. He finished just outside the top 100 in the Order of Merit, with a best finish of 5th in the Benson & Hedges International Open.
Back problems in 2002 and 2003, meant Botes was unable to retain his place on the European Tour. He returned to South Africa and won the Parmalat Classic on his way to 3rd place on the Sunshine Tour Order of Merit. That promising form prompted another attempt at the European Tour Qualifying School. He claimed the last card for the 2004 season, but made only five cuts in the regular tour events, with a best finish of 9th, and failed to retain his playing privileges for the following season. Since then he has competed on the Sunshine Tour with limited success, although he has managed to win several titles on the less competitive Winter Swing of the schedule.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="21382970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382970" title="Miss Latin America 1992">
Miss Latin America 1992

Miss América Latina 1992 was the ninth international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the eleventh overall. The final event was held on November 12, 1992 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. At the conclusion of the pageant, Ana Sofía Pereira of Nicaragua was crowned by outgoing titleholder, María Elena Bellido of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="21382976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382976" title="Aayemenaytcheia">
Aayemenaytcheia

Aayemenaytcheia is a genus of trilobite.
Etymology.
The genus name is the vocalisation of the acronym AMNH of the American Museum of Natural History and the suffix -ia (so Aay-Em-En-Aytche-ia), in gratitude for funding Lieberman's research.
The species epithet "paragranulata" refers to the fact that the species was first regarded as closely related to "Dechenella granulata".
Distribution.
"A. paragranulata" has been collected from the Devonian of Canada (Emsian and Eifelian, Blue Fjord Formation, Bathurst Island, Nunavut).
Taxonomy.
"Aayemenaytcheia paragranulata" was originally regarded a species belonging to the genus "Dechenella". Recent cladistic analysis however makes it likely the species is in fact the earliest branche of a clade that further includes Lacunoporaspis, Dechenella, Schizoproetus and Schizoproetoides. So in order to retain the monophyly of the genus "Dechenella", a new genus has been erected for "D. paragranulata".

</doc>
<doc id="21382983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382983" title="Roussolakkos">
Roussolakkos

Roussolakkos is the site of an important Minoan city, located near to Palekastro, Crete. It is the only Minoan city to have survived intact. Its harbor, outlying settlements, sanctuaries and quarries are preserved under sediments accumulating over more than 2,000 years. It was here, the ancient authors tell us, that Diktaian Zeus (the youthful Cretan equivalent of the classical Greek god Dionysos and Egyptian Osiris) was born and where this young god founded his holy city. A temple to Zeus was built at the nearby Elaea promontory. It was also here that Jason and the Argonauts confronted Talos, the man of bronze, a generation before the Trojan War.
The ancient town was in use from Early Minoan IIA to Late Minoan IIIB. Minoan houses and streets, and offerings from the Greek temple of Diktaian Zeus have been excavated at the site.
Bronze age settlement.
The earliest written records documenting the worship of Diktaian Zeus at Roussolakkos come from the Mycenaean Greek Linear B archives at Knossos and date to the close of the Cretan Bronze Age (ca. 1300 BC), however, sacred art and architecture dating from all periods have been found, suggesting that the site was hallowed throughout its history. Among the most beautiful artifacts attesting the worship of Diktaian Zeus is a unique gold and ivory statuette of the god made ca. 1500 BC. See this and more finds at the museum in Sitia.
Archaeology.
Roussolakkos was first excavated from 1902-6 by Robert C. Bosanquet and R. M. Dawkins of the British School of Archaeology at Athens. Work was continued by L. H. Sackett and M. R. Popham in 1962-3, and is currently directed by J.A.MacGillivray, L.H.Sackett and J.M.Driessen since 1983.
Just south of Roussolakkos is Mt Petsophas, a peak sanctuary likely to have been linked with the town. Linear A inscriptions on offering tables from Petsophas are designated as PK for Palaikastro by Godart and Olivier.
Endangered site.
While the ravages of later periods and recent tourism development have obscured similar sites elsewhere in Crete, so far they have spared Roussolakkos with an area of 50,000 square metres. Today, however, a private developer has been granted permission to build a large tourist complex at Cape Plako, an area which includes the Minoan quarries and outlying sites. An access road to reach the resort area is planned through the ancient city. In addition to development pressures, Palekastro's harbor and coastal buildings are also threatened by a rise in sea level due to local tectonic activity.

</doc>
<doc id="21382984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382984" title="David Darts">
David Darts

David Darts is an artist and Chair of the Department of Art and Art Professions at New York University. He holds a PhD from the University of British Columbia and was previously a faculty member in the School of Art at the University of Arizona. His PirateBox is an autonomous mobile file sharing device designed to create local file sharing networks. It is inspired by the Free Culture and Pirate Radio movements and is registered with a Free Art License (FAL 1.3). Darts is curatorial director of Conflux, the annual art and technology festival for the creative exploration of urban public space. 

</doc>
<doc id="21382985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382985" title="West Park, Darlington">
West Park, Darlington

West Park is a predominantly residential area at the North West fringe of Darlington, County Durham, England.
West Park is designed as a sustainable community development, consisting of residential properties, commercial properties, and a nature reserve. It is one of the most recent developments in Darlington, having commenced in 2002.
The site covers 49 hectares (121 acres) of land, consisting of:
The West Park development has won several national awards, including a Local Government Chronicle (LGC) Sustainable Communities Award, and a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) Gold Award For Regeneration.
Geography and demographic.
West Park is located adjacent to the A68 and A1(M) junction 58, directly north of Cockerton. It is approximately 2.5 miles by road from the town centre.
As part of its status as a redevelopment project, West Park is built both on former greenfield land and brownfield land. Approximately half of the 49 hectares is developed on the former "Darlington Chemical and Insulating" ("Darchem") factory site, with the other half being farmland. The former Darchem site is now occupied by West Park A and the West Park Nature Reserve: the contaminated material has been removed from the site, with the exception of some low-level contamination which is successfully contained under a clay cap below the Nature Reserve.
The West Park development is within the council ward of Faverdale. It is currently represented by councillor Richard Grundy (Con). The previous councillor was Barrie Armstrong (Con).
In terms of demographic, the ACORN (demographics) classification is type 25, suggesting white collar singles or sharers.
Description.
West Park Village.
West Park Village consists of a small retail and commerce centre, with residential properties surrounding it.
The residential area of West Park is built around the edges of the West Park Nature Reserve. Initially, 700 properties were built, with a mixture of houses (3–5 bedrooms) and apartments (2 bedrooms). Most properties are terraced or semi-detached houses. Streets are characterised by short front gardens with green iron railings; and mixed, predominantly red or buff brickwork houses. All houses have at least 1 parking space and 1 garage: these are located together on the house plot, or at a shared garage area. 
Two housebuilders have been involved in designing and constructing the properties: Bussey & Armstrong, and Bellway; although Bussey & Armstrong are the primary developer, and are responsible for the concept and overall development. Some of the architecture is designed to reflect the traditional Darlington architectural styles. For example, Bussey & Armstrong made use of Arts and Crafts Movement architecture, popular at the time of the Quakers who influenced Darlington's development.
The residential area is roughly bisected by the West Park Nature Reserve, which consequently divides West Park into two residential sites: "West Park A" and "West Park B". There is now many houses on the West Park A side. Within the West Park development, there is no road link between sites "A" and "B". They are linked by a footpath through West Park Nature Reserve. The earlier site "West Park A" is located at the south-east edge of the Nature Reserve, and has street names based upon the railway pioneering Pease family. The later site "West Park B" is located at the north-west edge of the Nature Reserve, and has street names based upon Darlington's agricultural heritage.
Commercial and retail.
Tillage Green is a square at the centre of West Park Village. On the perimeter of the square are local facilities including: a Cooperative store; West Park Cafe a bistro serving food and drinks; a pub, "The White Heifer That Travelled"; a chemist; a hairdressing salon; and a dental surgery "Smile@Westpark". The Tillage Green commercial properties, and the apartments above it, were built by the Bussey & Armstrong development company. Adjacent to Tillage Green is the newly built Alderman Leach Primary School. This is a £3 million re-build of an existing school, originally located just south of West Park, off Bates Avenue near Cockerton.
West Park Nature Reserve.
West Park Nature Reserve is one of 20 parks in Darlington. 8 of the parks, including West Park, are classed as "Local Nature Reserves", with a focus on providing a habitat for wildlife. The nature reserve is built in the form of an artificial hill, with paths leading through mixed woodland and grassland, up to an elevated point at the centre of the hill.
The wildlife includes some rare species such as Water vole, Dingy Skipper butterfly, and Ringed plover. There is a mix of different planting areas in the nature reserve including: Wildflower meadows (over 6 hectares, i.e. approximately 50%), Wetland, Woodland
Community involvement between West Park residents and the West Park Nature Reserve is achieved through the "Friends Of West Park" residents' group. Any West Park resident is entitled to join the Friends group. The Friends, with the backing of Council resources such as the Ranger service, organise events to take place on the nature reserve. These are open to all, but especially aimed at residents of West Park. Annual events include an Easter Egg hunt, a Halloween walk, and a summer Activity Day.
Artwork.
There are several pieces of art within the nature reserve. These include stone sculptures, Corten steel sculptures, and bridges. The artist is sculptor David Paton.
The artwork was commissioned in parallel with poetry and verse, based on Darlington's agricultural and industrial heritage. This verse appears on some of the artwork throughout the park. The agriculturally based and railway-based street names used in West Park Village are also linked to the verse, being created by the same poet (W.N. Herbert) as part of the West Park development plan.
West Park levy.
All properties within West Park Village pay a yearly levy. This funds further developments within the nature reserve, at a level above that which the Council contributes to other similarly sized parks. The 700 households currently each pay £50 per year, with any yearly increase limited to being index linked. Commitment to pay the levy is written into the deeds of all West Park properties. The levy is not collected by Darlington Borough Council, but instead by an independent charitable organisation "County Durham Foundation". The charity maintains the levy within a fund. Spending of the fund is determined entirely by a local steering group, who include nominated West Park residents. Residents are elected to the steering group from the "Friends Of West Park" residents' group.
Bike track.
A BMX bike track has been built in the south west corner of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="21382988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382988" title="Script and Scribble">
Script and Scribble

Script and Scribble: The Rise and Fall of Handwriting is a book by author Kitty Burns Florey that discusses the history of penmanship and confronts the present tension between handwriting and electronic communication. Melville House Publishing published the book in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21383009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383009" title="Stephen Moore (MP)">
Stephen Moore (MP)

Stephen Moore (1836–1897), was an Irish Conservative politician in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Moore was elected to the United Kingdom House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for Tipperary at a by-election in 1875. He was defeated at the poll in March, but was awarded the seat in May after the victor John Mitchel was declared to be ineligible to enter Parliament, as a convicted felon. Moore then held the seat until the 1880 general election, when he did not stand again.

</doc>
<doc id="21383023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383023" title="Global road safety for workers">
Global road safety for workers

Global road safety for workers refers to the economic, societal, and legal ramifications of protecting workers from automobile-related injury, disability, and death. Road traffic crashes are a leading cause of occupational fatalities throughout the world, especially in developing countries. In addition to the suffering of the workers and their families, businesses and society also bear direct and indirect costs. These include increased insurance premiums, the threat of litigation, loss of an employee, and destruction of property. 
Background.
Road crashes worldwide kill over a million people every year and cost as much as 3% of global gross domestic product (GDP). Around the world, it is estimated that work-related incidents make up 25% the road toll (50% if commuting is included). Because rapid motorization generally accompanies economic development, a large percentage of occupational automobile crashes occur in low and middle-income countries. Workers in the developing world are becoming increasingly vulnerable to the risk of road traffic crashes.
Workers at risk include drivers of commercial trucks and buses; workers who are not professional drivers, but who drive smaller trucks or passenger vehicles provided by their employer; workers who drive personal vehicles for work purposes; pedestrians, particularly roadside workers; and commuters.
Institutional efforts.
Efforts to protect workers on the road have been undertaken by international organizations such as the United Nations, World Health Organization, World Bank, and International Labour Organization. The WHO coordinates the United Nations Road Safety Collaboration, an effort drawing together government, business, and non-government organizations. 
Organizations such as the Global Road Safety Partnership (GRSP) and the Fleet Forum focus on safety in lower- and middle-income nations. They coordinate efforts among local and national governments and businesses. Organizations such as Driving for Better Business advocate change by outlining the business benefits of improved road safety for workers. The Make Roads Safe campaign, funded by the UK's FIA Foundation, seeks to influence policies, budgets, and agendas at organizations such as the UN, World Bank, and G8, and to raise public and political awareness for global road safety.
Safe driving campaigns.
Many of these organizations and governments strive to raise awareness for road safety through focused campaigns. The Network of Employers for Traffic Safety (NETS), for example, is sponsoring a Drive Safely Work Week October 5-9, 2009, and offering a campaign tool kit to promote better driving. NETS is a partnership between the U.S. federal government and such corporations as Abbott, Amerifleet Transportation, Anheuser-Busch, Chubb Group of Insurance, General Motors Company, Johnson & Johnson, Liberty Mutual Insurance Group, Nationwide Mutual Insurance, Monsanto, and UPS.
Intervention models.
Mooren model.
Australian researcher Lori Mooren developed a 12-step process model with which organizations can perform gap analyses, establish benchmarks, host fleet safety improvement workshops, and develop fleet safety manuals and improvement programs. A number of businesses and government entities have reviewed their management practices against the model, including Johnson & Johnson, ALDI Stores, Toyota Australia, Reliance Petroleum, and TNT Malaysia.
WIPE model.
Developed at the Centre for Accident Research and Road Safety – Queensland (CARRS-Q), the WIPE model seeks to identify the societal, business, legal, and financial reasons to focus on occupational road safety. The acronym WIPE stands for Why focus on fleet safety? Initial and continuing status review; Pilot, implement and change manage interventions; Evaluation. The WIPE model assumes that managers will write a business case focusing on the cost savings of protecting workers; perform a safety audit of their organization; launch a pilot program related to personnel training or vehicle improvements; and evaluate the outcomes of the pilot, demonstrating its impact.
Since the original research, the WIPE model, supported by the Haddon Matrix, has been successfully applied by many organisations around the world to help reduce collisions, cut costs and enhance brand value. Case studies, including British Telecom, Wolseley and Royal Mail and a free fleet review and benchmarking tool are provided at the Fleet Safety Benchmarking website (www.fleetsafetybenchmarking.net) 
The model is also increasingly being used to support occupational road safety as a conduit or tool for general road safety, by engaging organisations to promote good practice to family members and in the wider communities in which they operate.
Stuckey-LaMontagne model.
Australians Rwth Stuckey and A.D. LaMontagne advanced a similar systems-based approach. It focuses on the impact of occupational light vehicles (OLV) as a leading cause of traumatic deaths. Their model presents the worker as the locus of injury at the center of work- and road-related determinants of risk. The model sets occupational road safety in the wider policy and societal framework.
External links.
Drive Safely Work Week materials

</doc>
<doc id="21383025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383025" title="Paul-Timothée Masson">
Paul-Timothée Masson

Paul-Timothée Masson (December 18, 1795 – June 15, 1881) was a lumber merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Vaudreuil in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1831 to 1834.
He was born in Saint-Eustache, Quebec, the son of Jean-Baptiste Masson and Charlotte Roussil. In 1818, he married Esther Masson. He was named a commissioner for the trial of minor causes in 1836. Masson was elected to the legislative assembly in an 1831 by-election held after Godefroy Beaudet resigned his seat. He voted in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Masson was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1834. He died at Saint-Charles-sur-Richelieu at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="21383049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383049" title="Melophagus">
Melophagus

Melophagus is a genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae. There are three known species and one subspecies. All are parasites of bovines. All are wingless.
Distribution.
They are native to Europe, Asia and North Africa. "M. ovinus ovinus" has been introduced to most parts of the world where domestic sheep are kept.
Hosts.
All are parasites of cloven-hoofed mammals - Family Bovidae, including domestic sheep, domestic cattle, the Mongolian gazelle ("Procapra gutturosa"), the chamois ("Rupicapra rupicapra"), the alpine ibex ("Capra ibex"), the yak ("Bos grunniens"), plus doubtful records on the argali ("Ovis ammon"), the bighorn sheep ("Ovis canadensis") and the Dall sheep ("Ovis dalli").

</doc>
<doc id="21383052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383052" title="Garcia River Forest">
Garcia River Forest

The Garcia River Forest is a forest located about north of San Francisco. It is owned and managed by the The Conservation Fund. The fund generates credits by logging a portion of the forest less intensely than is allowed under California law. These credits are sold to PG&E which retires them on behalf of customers enrolled in its ClimateSmart program. PG&E's ClimateSmart program is a program where customers voluntarily pay more on their utility bill to offset a percentage of their GHG emissions.

</doc>
<doc id="21383079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383079" title="When Animated Animals Attack">
When Animated Animals Attack

When Animated Animals Attack is a cult classic animated short produced by the "Beavis and Butt-Head" producer and director team of Abby Terkhule and Mike deSeve (Saturday Night Live, Sesame Street). It is now extremely hard to acquire, but aired originally to shocked, delighted reactions on MTV's now legendary adult block "Cartoon Sushi", which was created by "Afro Samurai" producer Eric Calderon in the 1990s when he was Director of Development at MTV Animation.

</doc>
<doc id="21383083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383083" title="Mollusc eye">
Mollusc eye

The molluscs have the widest variety of eye morphologies of any phylum, and a large degree of variation in their function. Cephalopods such as octopuses, squid, and cuttlefish have eyes as complex as those of vertebrates, while scallops have up to 100 simple eyes.
Diversity.
Eyes have evolved independently between seven and eleven times in the molluscs, which goes some way to explain the diversity of eye types observed. Molluscs have eyes of all levels of complexity, from the pit eyes of many gastropods, to the pinhole eyes of the "Nautilus", to the lensed eyes of the cephalopods. Compound eyes are present in some bivalves, and reflective 'mirrors' have been innovated by other lineages such as scallops. As well as varying in complexity, the eyes of molluscs span a huge range in size; they may be from to across.
Anatomy.
Gastropods and cephalopods have paired eyes on their heads (and sometimes tails), but many molluscs do not have clear head regions in which to locate the eyes. Consequently, many molluscs may have a multitude of eyes in more unlikely places, such as along the edge of their shell. Chitons have a dispersed network of tiny eyes over the surface of their shells which may act together as a compound eye.
Many gastropods have stalked eyes; the eye can be retracted into the stalk itself in the presence of danger.

</doc>
<doc id="21383094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383094" title="Lena Goeßling">
Lena Goeßling

Lena Goeßling (born 8 March 1986) is a German footballer. She plays as a midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg and the German national team.
Career.
Club.
Goeßling began her career at her local football club SV Löhne-Obernbeck. She later joined FC Gütersloh 2000, where she won the German Under-17 championship. Goeßling played two season in the second Bundesliga with Gütersloh, before joining the top division side SC 07 Bad Neuenahr in 2006. After five years and 97 games for the club, she announced her transfer to VfL Wolfsburg for the 2011–12 season.
International.
Goeßling won the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship with Germany. She had three appearances for the team and scored twice in the first group game against Thailand. Two years later, she again competed at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship. Now a regular starter, she was eliminated with her team in the quarter-finals against the United States.
In February 2008, Goeßling made her debut for the German national team against China. Twice she has been denied a place in a German squad at international tournaments. She was named for the 26 player preliminary squads at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2009 European Championship, but failed to make the final 21 player squad at both tournaments. Goeßling has been called up for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, which was her first major tournament.
International goals.
"Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first:"
Source: 
Honours.
Club.
VfL Wolfsburg

</doc>
<doc id="21383101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383101" title="NMock">
NMock

NMock is a library of mock objects to be used in .NET development for test-driven development. NMock is an open source project that was inspired by the JMock project. The current version as of June 2013 is NMock 3.5.

</doc>
<doc id="21383107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383107" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2005)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2005)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 2005, by order of first appearance.
Scooter Makuna.
Hiren "Scooter" Makuna, first appeared in early 2005 as the boyfriend of Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien). He was of Indian descent.
His character was mostly remembered for not being very bright, having a fondness for fish and getting great pleasure in retrieving junk from skips. Scooter and Sarah broke up in the autumn of 2005 after an argument. He left the Street soon afterwards.
Lena Thistlewood.
Lena Thistlewood was a friend of Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones), who first appeared in 2005 and was a regular visitor to the Barlow household and she took a fancy to Ken Barlow (William Roache), Lena was a guest at Ken and Deirdre's wedding in 2005. In early 2006, Lena died and she left her dog, Eccles, to Blanche.
Jessie Jackson.
Jessie Jackson is played by actress Nailah Cumberbatch. She arrives at "Underworld" with her "twin sister" Joanne (Zaraah Abrahams) to replace departing machinist Sonia Marshall (Tina Gambe) and is the more outgoing one of the two. In 2006, Danny Baldwin (Bradley Walsh) sacks Jessie after he catches her dancing on the tables, and she subsequently seeks employment as a stewardess and leaves the Street. Her "twin sister" is later revealed to be her cousin.
Joanne Jackson.
Joanne Jackson was played by the actress Zaraah Abrahams. Joanne arrived at Underworld with her "twin sister" Jessie and proceeded to cause much amusement by claiming to be identical despite the obvious difference in appearance. Joanne was the shyer of the two and lacks confidence where men are concerned. Her crush, and subsequent date, with Nathan Harding (Ray Fearon) came to nothing after she was left feeling stupid and embarrassed about having a make over for someone who wasn't really interested in her.
Following his nasty break up with Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson), Jamie Baldwin (Rupert Hill) was keen to ask Joanne out on a date. After a disastrous date the two realised that they did enjoy each other's company and shared a kiss. This was followed by the promise to see each other again (unfortunately this was ruined by Jamie's problems with his alcoholic mother, Carol (Lynne Pearson) and they decided against starting a new romance so soon after his break up with Leanne). She was also gutted when Jessie was sacked from Underworld and left to become an air hostess. When Kelly Crabtree (Tupele Dorgu) took Joanne under her wing, Kelly's obsessed "friend" Becky Grainger (Katherine Kelly) threatened her, scaring Joanne half to death. When Kelly was set up for stealing at the factory by unhinged Becky, Joanne was the only person who believed Kelly was innocent and was instrumental in convincing the other factory workers that it was Becky, not Kelly who was to blame. For most of 2006, Joanne dated Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson). However, she kissed her new factory boss, Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) (who, incidentally, Adam sold his half of the factory to) and had a fling with him, despite Kelly being sure that Liam fancied her, she soon dumped Adam with a text message. In April 2007 she revealed to Hayley Cropper that she was an illegal immigrant, brought over from Liberia at the age of 8, and that her "twin sister" is in fact her cousin, and was soon arrested as immigration officers raided the Factory. In June 2007, Joanne was released from Immigration Detention and resumed her job at underworld for around two weeks, until Carla Connor (Alison King), the majority owner of underworld, fired her claiming that the factory is over-staffed and that Joanne was the most recent employee, regardless of the fact she had worked at the factory for over three years previously. Joanne later blackmailed Carla and Liam by threatening to take them to a tribunal for unfair dismissal and sexual harassment.
Jean Harris.
Jean Harris is the mother of Tommy Harris (Thomas Craig). Jean arrives to attend Tommy's funeral in 2005 and is angered to discover that he is being buried as opposed to his wishes of being cremated.
Nathan Harding.
Nathan Harding is played by Ray Fearon. He first appears in 2005 when Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) is looking for a new mechanic, following the death of Tommy Harris. Nathan leaves the job after breaking up with his girlfriend Frankie Baldwin (Debra Stephenson) largely to do with the fact her ex-husband, Danny (Bradley Walsh) is still in the picture. In his final scene he punches Danny as he leaves the cobbles. He had previously romanced factory machinist Joanne Jackson (Zaraah Abrahams) as well as Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), while he also enjoyed a brief flirtation with hairdresser Maria Sutherland (Samia Ghadie) in the Rovers. His fiery temperament is revealed when he almost blinds Ashley Peacock (Steven Arnold) when they argue over their women while giving him boxing lessons.
Louise Hazel.
Louise Hazel meets Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) on the Red Rec. He is immediately attracted to her and when she says she's going into town he organises a free taxi. Steve is delighted the taxi driver gives him a note from Louise with her phone number on it. On 3 April 2005, Louise enjoys a drink with Steve, much to the indignation of his ex Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford). Louise is unfazed by Tracy and tells her to move on and leave her and Steve alone. Steve keeps Louise waiting in the pub while he comforts Tracy following the sudden death of her father Ray Langton (Neville Buswell). When he finally arrives at the Rovers and convinces Louise to go home with him and the couple then sleep together. On 13 April 2005, Louise shares a sad farewell with Steve as she has to return to Ireland. Louise returns to the Street on 12 June 2005, as she is visiting relatives and calls to Steve, who is delighted. However, Tracy threatens Louise telling her to leave Steve alone.
Keith Appleyard.
Keith Appleyard is played by Ian Redford. Keith is Angela Harris's (Kathryn Hunt) father. When she and her family live in Sheffield, she witnesses a murder. Keith persuades Angela to tell the truth and testify at the trial, which results in their move to Weatherfield under the witness protection scheme. They are also given a new name - Nelson - but don't use it for long.
Keith first appears in 2005 to help Angela after her husband Tommy (Thomas Craig) dies. He stays to look after his grandchildren Katy (Lucy-Jo Hudson) and Craig (Richard Fleeshman) after Angela is arrested for Tommy's murder. Katy (the real killer) commits suicide, unable to handle the guilt, and Angela is imprisoned for helping Katy cover up the crime. Keith stays with Craig in Coronation Street, rather than insist Craig join him in Sheffield, feeling Craig has suffered enough - plus, Weatherfield is closer than Sheffield to where Angela is in prison.
After moving in, Keith dates hairdresser Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls), who is his opposite in many ways. Keith is always watching the pennies and takes on a paper round to earn some extra money. His hobbies include taxidermy.
Keith is widowed, his wife having died between 2003 and 2005. Angela telephones her mother on Christmas Day 2002, and visits her in September 2003, but she has died by the time Keith arrives in 2005.
After he and Audrey end things as they are so different, Keith became enemies with builder Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward). Charlie bills Keith for repairing the leak on the roof but Keith refuses to pay the bill, feeling Charlie has overcharged. In revenge, Charlie removes the roof tiles, insisting he will replace them when Keith pays his bill. Keith rings the police but the police say they can't help as it isn't a police matter. Keith is delighted to see Charlie replacing the tiles, thinking that he has won, until Charlie reveals that he is his new landlord. Keith is horrified and says that the landlord would have told him but Charlie says that he asked the former landlord to let him do that. Charlie's girlfriend, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), is delighted. She thinks, when Charlie tells Keith and Craig that he wants them out, that he intends to live there.
Keith decides that he and Craig will move to Sheffield but Craig doesn't want to leave Coronation Street as his girlfriend, Rosie (Helen Flanagan), lives there too. Initially Keith agrees to stay but after an angina attack, he is told by the doctor that it is a warning and things have to change. Keith tells Craig that they are moving to Bournemouth with Keith's sister, Marjorie. Craig is determined that he won't leave the street but Keith and Rosie's mother Sally (Sally Dynevor) persuade him and they leave.
Keith later returns to the Street when Craig runs away from Bournemouth and refuses to return there.
Mr. Wong.
Mr. Wong is the owner of the chip shop on Rosamund Street, who hires Cilla Battersby-Brown (Wendi Peters) and Yana Lumb (Jayne Bickerton) to work for him. He speaks very limited English and is frequently seen arguing with Cilla.
Diggory Compton.
Diggory Compton was played by Eric Potts.
When he arrives in Weatherfield with his daughter Molly (Vicky Binns), Diggory opens the local bakery shop at the end of the street. He tries wooing Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) by inviting her to a Christmas dinner party, however she ended up meeting her future husband, drummer Vernon Tomlin (Ian Reddington) at the event. During his time in Weatherfield, Diggory befriends Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs). Diggory leaves Weatherfield in July 2006 after his business fails.
Molly visits him in 2008 after falling out with her fiance Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall). On 5 January 2009, Molly receives a call from the hospital that Diggory's appendix has burst. Several days later, it is revealed Diggory will recover but he will ultimately miss Molly and Tyrone's wedding due to being hospitalised for a week.
In December 2010, Diggory is informed by telephone that Molly has died in the tram crash caused by an explosion at the Joinery Bar. Diggory's sister Pam Hobsworth (Kate Anthony) tells Molly's former lover Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) the heartbreak of having to inform Diggory of his daughter's death saying she is wondering what words to use to break the news to him. Diggory is not seen at Molly's funeral as he is reportedly too ill to attend.
Yana Lumb.
Yana Lumb is Cilla Battersby-Brown's (Wendi Peters) best friend and in a way is usually involved in Cilla's scams and plots. Yana works with Cilla in Wong's chip shop on Rosamund Street until its closure in 2007.
Yana ends up going on Cilla's honeymoon with her instead of Cilla's husband Les Battersby (Bruce Jones), who is in trouble with Cilla for trashing all the wedding presents at the reception.
Yana takes pity on Les in late November 2006, when he reveals his suspicions of Cilla having an affair. Yana is shocked that Cilla won't confide in her and feels sorry for a miserable Les, they become more and more attracted to each other and eventually can't resist each other. Yana engages in an affair with Les and sleeps with him in the living room, only to be seen by Cilla's son, Chesney Brown (Sam Aston). Cilla soon finds out about the affair, and pretends she has skin cancer. She forces Yana and Les to sit in a bathtub of mushy peas on Christmas Eve to raise money for Cilla's holiday fund to Florida. Before she leaves, she revealed the truth.
Returning in December, Cilla slaps Yana but forgives her. Her last appearance is in July 2007 when she and Cilla are both fired from the takeaway.
Carol Baldwin.
Carol Baldwin (née Saunders) was played by Lynne Pearson.
Carol is the first wife of Danny (Bradley Walsh), and the mother of Jamie (Rupert Hill). While she is still married to Danny, he is sleeping with her son's babysitter Frankie (Debra Stephenson). Carol is oblivious to this, as she completely trusted Frankie; she only finds out when Danny leaves her to marry Frankie, taking Jamie with him.
Jamie doesn't see Carol for many years; he is raised by Danny and Frankie. In 2005, he tracks down Carol to Birmingham and decides to pay her a visit. It soon becomes clear that past events have affected Carol's life very badly; she has never re-married, is living in a run down flat, and is an alcoholic with no job or money. Jamie becomes very concerned for his mother and visits her many times in Birmingham; she appears in Weatherfield for the first time for Jamie's 25th birthday party, much to the horror of her ex-husband, Danny, and his wife, Frankie.
Carol appears regularly for months, and when Danny begins an affair with his girlfriend, Leanne (Jane Danson), Carol was the one who tells Jamie.
When Frankie and Danny split up, Carol moves in with them to be closer to Jamie and he makes her promise to give up alcohol. However, in January 2006, Jamie and Frankie throw Carol out when she accuses them of sleeping together (which is somewhat prophetic, as later that year Jamie and Frankie pursue an affair), and her drinking continues.
In 2007, it becomes apparent that Carol has ditched the drink, and is now engaged. On 25 September 2007, Jamie and Violet Wilson (Jenny Platt) attend Carol's wedding.
Viv Baldwin.
Vivian "Viv" Baldwin is the mother of Danny Baldwin (Bradley Walsh). She is first seen on the street in July 2005, following her husband Harry's death and later revealing to her brother-in-law Mike (Johnny Briggs) that he is in fact Danny's biological father, not Harry.
Viv makes a reappearance in Weatherfield at Christmas 2005, when the family go out to Christmas dinner.
In December 2006, she returns enquiring about her son's disappearance, only to find out the truth about her grandson Jamie's (Rupert Hill) affair with his former stepmother Frankie Baldwin (Debra Stephenson). After finding this, Viv storms back home to London.
Phil Nail.
Philip "Phil" Nail, is played by Scottish actor Clive Russell, Phil works at the Medical Centre on Rosamund Street as a reflexologist. He quickly begins a relationship with receptionist Gail Platt (Helen Worth).
Phil is very interested in the Platt family's experience with Richard Hillman because he is undertaking a Criminology course. Gail trusts Phil; she even allows him to record interviews with her children about their experiences with Richard.
Gail's son David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) does not like Phil; in fact, he despises him knowing that Phil is only wanting to know about Richard Hillman and that he doesn't care about Gail's children. He even begins a campaign to stop the relationship between Phil and his mother. One such example is when Phil's hand is badly injured when David intentionally slams it with a car bootlid. Another is where Phil pins David up against a wall and threatens him. David has become unhappy ever since his father Martin has left and he does not like another man in the house telling him what to do, as that is his dad's job.
Eventually Phil leaves the street after Gail discovers that Phil attacked David.
Phil is a suspect when Gail began receiving a series of hoax letters claiming to be from the deceased Richard in 2006. The culprit is later revealed to have been David.
Zack.
Zack is a psychiatrist who treats Shelley Unwin (Sally Lindsay) when her anxiety overtakes so much of her life that she is rarely able to leave her own room. Zack helps Shelley slowly go back to the outside world, but Shelley's boyfriend Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward resents Zack's efforts to help, and eventually convinces Shelley to stop seeing him. Shelley progresses far enough that she manages to dump Charlie moments before she is to become his wife. After getting away from Charlie, she calls Zack to tell him the news. He says that he is proud of her, and both agree to continue therapy until she is fully recovered.
Ronnie Clayton.
Veronica "Ronnie" Clayton is played by Emma Stansfield. Ronnie, as she likes to be known, first appears on the show in late October 2005. She is formerly married to gangster Jimmy Clayton and works for his cab firm. In an attempt to escape his bullying nature, she leaves him and starts working under Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) at "Streetcars". Steve and Ronnie start a relationship, but Ronnie's presence puts the entire Streetcars workforce under risk from the vengeful Jimmy. Ronnie refuses to back down and go back to him, with Steve supporting her.
Jimmy is eventually able to trick Ronnie into driving out to a deserted farm. He holds her at gunpoint, and she agrees to give their marriage another try when he nearly kills her and Steve. Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) rescues them, but Ronnie is then distant with Steve since the ordeal. She moves out of his house and into a flat of her own to show her independence.
On 31 May 2006, after having a row with Steve, Ronnie calls Steve on her mobile phone whilst driving, and not concentrating on the road, runs over an elderly man and kills him. Instead of calling an ambulance, Ronnie drives away. The next day Ronnie sees in the paper the news about the dead man and feels even more guilty. She tries to blame Steve for the accident, but is eventually caught and arrested.
Sarah Manners was originally offered the part of Ronnie, but turned it down because of her other work offers. Emma Stansfield was only contracted until Christmas 2005, but had her contract extended for another 12 months because her character initially proved popular. She was then axed by new producer Steve Frost.
Ravinder Kalirai.
Ravinder Kalirai is the mother of Amber Kalirai (Nikki Patel), who first appears in 2005 and tells her the truth about her father Dev Alahan Jimmi Harkishin). During the summer of 2006, Ravinder meets a new man and decides relocate to Finland with him. After falling out with Dev, Amber goes to stay with Ravinder for several weeks in November 2008.
Billy Brown.
William "Billy" Brown is the eldest son of Cilla Battersby-Brown (Wendi Peters), who attends her wedding to Les Battersby (Bruce Jones) on 31 October 2005 and informs his mother that he is joining the army. Billy is more recently mentioned when younger brother Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) runs away from home to visit him in 2009.
Nicolette Seddon.
Nicolette Seddon is the daughter of Sally Webster's (Sally Dynevor) cousin, Paul. This is revealed when Sally's daughter Sophie (Brooke Vincent) brings her home one day as a new friend and they mention they had traced their family trees and discovered they were related. Sally sees Nicolette as a bad influence on Sophie and later visits Nicolette's house - when she discovers that Nicolette's father is successful and wealthy, much to her chagrin. After a heated exchange with her parents, Sally decides not to keep in touch with that branch of the Seddon family tree.
Eric Talford.
Eric Talford is the owner of the bookies on Rosamund Street who first appears in December 2005 and becomes the boss and love interest of Carol Baldwin.
Freda Burgess.
Freda Burgess is the deaf niece of the late Ernest Bishop. In August 2005, Freda came to visit her aunt Emily, but got a frosty reception from Emily's lodger Norris Cole, who thought she was after Emily's money but was impressed with her ability to lip-read. Freda helped Emily when she fell down the stairs and sprained her ankle but left when she'd had enough of Norris and the way he was treating her.
In March 2006, Freda visited to support Emily, who had just found out that her friend, Ed Jackson, had killed Ernest. Emily was suffering a crisis of faith as she couldn't bring herself to forgive Ed or go to church, where she would have to face Ed as well as God.
In July 2009, Freda returned to the Street. She revealed to Emily that she was engaged but her fiancé was in prison. She took a dislike to Emily's new friend, Ramsay Clegg (Norris' half-brother), because his overeagerness to please everyone annoying. Norris was thrilled, as he disliked his brother too and felt they had something in common. After staying a few days, Freda left again.
Freda returned again in November after losing her job. She told Emily that the woman she was working for was horrible so she got her revenge by stealing her prosthetic leg. Emily didn't like this and said it was theft but Graeme Proctor found it amusing. Graeme disposed of the leg for her as it was reported in the paper and she didn't want to get done for theft.
She started entering competitions with Norris, and they won £1,000 each. They split it equally and Freda left to buy herself a house.

</doc>
<doc id="21383115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383115" title="Blue Investment Baia Wind Farm">
Blue Investment Baia Wind Farm

The Baia Wind Farm is an under construction wind power project in Baia, Tulcea County, Romania. It will have 14 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2.5 MW which will deliver up to 35 MW of power, enough to power over 21,000 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$84 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="21383124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383124" title="Albert Dickin">
Albert Dickin

Albert Edward Dickin (1901 – 5 May 1955) was a British freestyle swimmer and diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, in the 1924 Summer Olympics, and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He born in Brentford.
In 1920 he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 m freestyle event as well as of the plain high diving competition.
Four years later he finished fifth with the British team in the 4×200 m freestyle relay contest. In the 100 m freestyle event as well as of the plain high diving competition he was eliminated in the first round again.
At the 1928 Games he was a member of the British team which finished sixth in the 4×200 m freestyle relay contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21383183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383183" title="United States House of Representatives elections in New Hampshire, 2010">
United States House of Representatives elections in New Hampshire, 2010

The 2010 congressional elections in New Hampshire were held on November 2, 2010 to determine who will represent the state of New Hampshire in the United States House of Representatives. It coincided with the state's senatorial and gubernatorial elections. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; those elected served in the 112th Congress from January 2011 until January 2013. 
New Hampshire has two seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Both seats were held by Democrats in the 111th Congress.
District 1.
Democratic incumbent Carol Shea-Porter was defeated by Republican nominee and former Manchester Mayor Frank Guinta on November 2, 2010.
This district covers the southeastern and eastern portions of New Hampshire, consisting of three general areas: Greater Manchester, the Seacoast and the Lakes Region. It includes all of Carroll and Strafford counties, all but three towns of Rockingham County and all but two towns of Belknap County, as well as a small portion of Hillsborough County, and one town in Merrimack County.
District 2.
Democratic candidate Ann McLane Kuster was defeated by Republican nominee and former Congressman Charles Bass on November 2, 2010.
This was an open seat. Candidates running were Democratic nominee Ann McLane Kuster, Republican nominee Charles Bass, Libertarian nominee Howard Wilson, and Independent candidate Tim vanBlommesteyn.
In February 2009, Republican U.S. Senator Judd Gregg was briefly nominated to be President Barack Obama's Secretary of Commerce, but withdrew. Gregg announced after withdrawing his nomination that he would not run for re-election, leaving the seat open. Democratic incumbent Paul Hodes had announced his candidacy for the seat while Gregg had been nominated but had not yet withdrawn.
Concord attorney Ann McLane Kuster and Katrina Swett, faced off in the Democratic primary. (Two other candidates dropped out before the filing deadline in June 2010: State Representative John DeJoie and former Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mark Fernald.) Kuster was the eventual victor, 69-31.
On the Republican side, former state Representative Bob Giuda declared his candidacy for the seat. The 2008 Republican nominee for this seat, Jennifer Horn, announced her intentions to run a second time on October 7, 2009. Former six-term Congressman Charles Bass formed an exploratory committee to run for this seat on October 1, 2009 and later formally filed. In the resultant Republican primary, Charlie Bass narrowly defeated Jennifer Horn, with Giuda far behind.
This district consists of the western and northern portions of the state, including all of Cheshire, Coos, Grafton, and Sullivan counties as well as almost all of Merrimack and Hillsborough counties plus three towns in Rockingham County and two towns in Belknap County.

</doc>
<doc id="21383192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383192" title="InterMedia Partners">
InterMedia Partners

InterMedia Advisors, LLC, also known as InterMedia Partners is a private equity investment firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in the media sector.
The firm, which was founded in 2005 by notable private equity investor Leo Hindery, is based on the 48th floor of the Chrysler Building in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
Among the firm's most notable investments are Thomas Nelson, Universal Sports, Control Room, Aspire, BlackBook Media, @Home Network, InterMedia Outdoor Holdings, Sportsman Channel, Cinelatino, Soul Train Holdings, Vibe Lifestyle Network, Up, and Puerto Rican station WAPA-TV.
Tom Daschle.
In 2005, Tom Daschle joined the firm as a senior adviser. It was during his time at InterMedia that Daschle reportedly had the use of a limousine and chauffeur that he did not report in his income taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="21383214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383214" title="Charlotte Munck">
Charlotte Munck

Charlotte Munck (born 2 December 1969) is a Danish actress, notable for starring in the Danish police television drama "Anna Pihl" as the title character, which was aired on TV2.
She was born in Aarhus and raised in the Oersted Djursland, about 14 miles from Randers. She was raised in a family of five, until she was 18 years old, and then moved to Copenhagen.
She has three siblings who are all musicians. The eldest sister is the singer in the band Armstrong, while her brother plays jazz trumpet and trained by the Rhythmic Conservatory.
Munck stars in the music video for "Show Stopper" from the album "I Feel Cream" by Peaches.

</doc>
<doc id="21383222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383222" title="Charles Rocbrune, dit Larocque">
Charles Rocbrune, dit Larocque

Charles Rocbrune, dit Laroque (August 1784 – September 1849) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Vaudreuil in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1833 to 1838 as a supporter of the Parti patriote. His surname also appears as Laroque or Larocque.
He was born in Sainte-Geneviève near Montreal, the son of Charles Laroquebrune and Geneviève McDonell. Originally a farmer and labourer at Sainte-Geneviève, he later became a merchant at Rigaud. He was married twice: to Marie Lefebvre in 1806 and to Julie Fournier in 1833. Around 1838, Rocbrune, dit Laroque established himself at the future site of the village of Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague, where he was also involved in the timber trade. He also acquired property in Lancaster Township. Rocbrune, dit Laroque was first elected to the legislative assembly in an 1833 by-election held after the death of Alexis Demers. He voted in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. He died at St. Raphaels, Canada West at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="21383223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383223" title="New Zealand geese">
New Zealand geese

The New Zealand geese formed the extinct genus "Cnemiornis" of the family Anatidae, subfamily Anserinae.
The genus, endemic to New Zealand, consisted of two species: the North Island goose, "C. gracilis" and the South Island goose "C. calcitrans". They were flightless with much-reduced webbing on the feet, an adaptation for terrestrial dwelling similar to that of the nene of Hawaii. They were never particularly common, and like many other large New Zealand endemic species they were subject to hunting pressures from the settling Polynesians, as well as predation upon their eggs and hatchlings by kiore (which accompanied the settlers) and the settlers' dogs, and were extinct before the arrival of European settlers.

</doc>
<doc id="21383225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383225" title="Coffeyville Community College">
Coffeyville Community College

Coffeyville Community College (also known as CCC) is a community college located in Coffeyville, Kansas, United States. It was founded in 1923.
Coffeyville Community College is a member of the Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference and the National Junior College Athletic Association. Coffeyville Community College offers football, basketball, baseball, softball, cross country, track and field, golf, volleyball, rodeo, and soccer.
The official school colors are red and white. The mascot is the Red Raven. Their athletics teams are known as the Red Ravens (men) and Lady Ravens (women).
History.
Coffeyville Community College had its beginning in 1921 when enabling legislation in the Kansas Legislature created the school. Then on February 12, 1923, the Board of Education voted a resolution to present a proposal to the voters to establish a junior college in Coffeyville. On April 3, the proposal passed in every precinct with a vote of 2,322 to 656. September 1923 twenty-five students with six instructors enrolled tuition free at the new Coffeyville Junior College, the seventh in Kansas, in three rooms of the Washington High School at 10th and Willow. The library had 3,500 volumes and the curriculum included 26 courses in seven departments. May 24, 1925, thirteen girls and one boy comprised the first graduation class.
In the spring of 1931, the college of 160 students was the first Kansas junior college to have its own building with 11 lecture rooms, a library and auditorium. The high school students moved into a new building, leaving the junior college students with their own building.
Coffeyville gained national recognition in 1938 and 1939 by winning its first national championship in debate. Karl Wilson, who for more than forty years had contributed to the success of the College, was debate coach. He became Dean of the College in 1942 and served until 1967.
Dr. Clifford Long, former Commissioner of the Kansas Jayhawk Junior College Conference and retired Director of Extension Services at Pittsburg State University, led the Ravens to their first athletic National Championship by winning the NJCAA Championship Bowl Game in 1956. With National Championships in track and cross country in 1960 and basketball in 1962, C.C.J.C. became known as “The Home of Champions.” In 1983, the Ravens won their second National Championship in football, finishing with an 11–1 record. They followed this up by winning another National Crown in 1990 with a perfect 11–0 record.
The present classroom building opened in 1958 with more than 500 students. In 1965, Coffeyville and Caney voters voted to join the Kansas system of junior colleges as a southern Montgomery County District and then became Coffeyville Community Junior College with an enrollment of 764 students. V.A. Klotz was the first president of C.C.J.C.
In 1967, the late Dr. Russell Graham became president with the goal of expanding the campus and receiving North Central Accreditation. In October 1967, the voters approved the $1,800,000 bond issue for construction of a downtown college complex. It was completed in 1969 with a College Union, Learning Resource Center, Occupational Building, and Fine Arts Auditorium. March 22, 1972, C.C.J.C. received a ten-year North Central Accreditation. In July 1980, the Kansas Legislature officially dropped the “Junior” from the names of community colleges in Kansas. Thus, the school’s name was shortened to Coffeyville Community College. In 1982, CCC received a five-year North Central Accreditation.
Dr. Dan Kinney became the third president of the College in 1985. Under his direction, the dorms were increased in size to house 305 students, Nellis Hall gymnasium was built, and the Student Union was increased in size. Enrollment was also increased to almost 2000 students.
Dr. Jim Stringer was an interim president after Dr. Kinney left in August 1994 until the new president was hired in February 1995.
Dr. Ronald Thomas became the fourth president of the College in February 1995. He helped dedicate the new addition of Nellis Hall and the upgrading of the new football complex.
Dr. Jim Stringer again was interim president from August 1999 until June 2000. Dr. Howard “Sam” Bass became the fifth president of the College in June 2000. March 2001, Dr. Bass announced the joining of Coffeyville Community College and the Southeast Kansas Area Technical School. The new name of the College is now Coffeyville Community College / Area Technical School.
Dr. Jim Stringer again was interim president for January 2004 until June 2004. Dr. Don A. Woodburn became the sixth president of the College in August 2004. He helped in obtaining a ten-year North Central Accreditation and was instrumental in the development of a new women’s residence hall in 2006. 
Linda Moley was named Interim President in September 2010 and was named President in July 2011.
Athletics.
Coffeyville Community College has sent forty-eight players to the NFL over the years.
Academics.
There are several associate degrees offered as well as certificates of completion for vocational programs.
Certificates.
The College issues a Certificate of Completion for selected programs, which require less than 64 hours of credit. Those who qualify for the Certificate of Completion are eligible to participate in the graduation ceremonies. Certificates are currently available for the following programs:
Secondary Program Certificate.
Coffeyville Community College offers a Certificate of Completion for secondary vocational programs that require 1300 clock hours of training for completion. This certificate is available to high school students who complete the designated vocational program. Students completing a secondary program are not eligible to participate in collegiate graduation ceremonies. A certificate is available for the following program:

</doc>
<doc id="21383247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383247" title="John Tavares">
John Tavares

John Tavares may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21383270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383270" title="William Francis Casey">
William Francis Casey

William Francis Casey (2 May 1884 – 20 April 1957) was a journalist and editor of "The Times". He first took employment as a sub-editor shortly before World War I, remaining with the paper until 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="21383311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383311" title="Ron Blackledge">
Ron Blackledge

Ron Blackledge (born April 15, 1938) is a former American football player and coach. He was an assistant coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1982 to 1991, and was an offensive line coach with the Indianapolis Colts from 1992 to 1997.
Coaching career.
Ron joined the Steelers in 1982 as an offensive assistant and was named offensive line coach two days later. From 1984-88, he shared the offensive line coaching duties, focusing on the tackles and tight ends. He took over responsibility for the entire line in 1989. His 33 years of coaching include nine seasons at the high school level in Canton, Ohio, 14 years in college and 14 in the NFL. His first coaching position was at Canton South High School in 1960. He also coached at Timken and Glenwood high schools in Canton before moving to Ashland College as an offensive line coach in 1968. Following two years at Ashland were stints as offensive line coach for Cincinnati, Kentucky and Princeton. He was named offensive coordinator at Kent State University in 1977. He served as that school's head coach from 1979-81 before joining the Steelers the following year. As a player, he played tight end and defensive end for Bowling Green University from 1957-59. He was later inducted into the school's Hall of Fame.
Personal.
Ron is the father of former quarterback Todd Blackledge who played for the Penn State Nittany Lions, Kansas City Chiefs and Pittsburgh Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="21383326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383326" title="Joop Beek">
Joop Beek

Josephus Beek SJ (Joop or Jopie) (Amsterdam, 12 March 1917 – Jakarta, 17 September 1983) was a Dutch and later Indonesian Jesuit, priest, educator and politician. From approximately 1965 until approximately 1975 he was a very important political consultant to the Indonesian president Soeharto, but always remained in the shade. 
Joop Beek grew up in Amsterdam in a family with Indonesian connections. In 1935, he entered the Jesuit order in Mariëndaal in Grave in the Netherlands . In 1938, as was usual in this religious order, he was transferred to work in a Jesuit college, in his case in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. During the Second World War he was interned by the Japanese until 1945, and come liberation he was held for seven more months by the Indonesians. In 1946, he returned to the Netherlands, to Maastricht, to study for priesthood, was ordained in 1948 and again sent to Yogyakarta, where he stayed until 1959. Here he also started setting up catholic student organisations, that would prove the basis for his later political influence.
Leadership training KASBUL.
In 1960, father Beek started work in Jakarta, where he became increasingly convinced of the danger of the communists in Indonesia, especially to the Catholics. He set up intensive leadership training lasting a month, under the name KASBUL (Kaderisasi Sebulan), on strict ascetic principles and with some excessive punishments. This was successful and formed a generation of militant anti-communist and anti-Islamic and loyal catholic leaders, trained in leadership, speaking in public, writing, group dynamics and social analysis. The students also learned to recognise communist tactics and how to counter them.
Anti-communist.
The leadership training provided the basis for an information network with a cellular system and for contacts with political leaders, such as the then president Sukarno and the later president, the pro-western general Suharto. A rift with Soekarno developed because of his increasingly communist preferences. In 1965, a coup attempt was made and six pro-western generals were assassinated.
The coup failed and Father Beek sent his well-organized students into the streets to demonstrate against the Communists . The main remaining general, Suharto, increased his powers quickly and could eventually oust Sukarno and eliminate the communists in a very bloody witch hunt, that cost at least some 500,000 lives and tens of thousands of prisoners, among which Pramoedya Ananta Toer, the writer who described his many years in prison on the island of Buru. Soeharto became president and father Beek his main advisor, up to approximately 1975. Father Beek then had already taken Indonesian citizenship.
A Dutch TV-reporter, Aad van den Heuvel worked for the KRO Brandpunt news programme and met father Beek in Indonesia several times. In his novel 'Stenen Tijdperk'*Stone Age) he introduces a character that is based upon father Beek. At one visit, Van den Heuvel recalled in a VPRO radio-documentary on father Beek, that he and his colleague Ed van Westerloo spoke with the father late in the sixties about a speech that they understood general Sukarno would be giving later, and asked the father if he knew what it would be about. 'I don't know, I'm still writing it', father Beek replied.
Anti-Islamic CSIS.
Already from the beginning father Beek considered the Communists and the Islam as the largest enemies of the Catholics in Indonesia. The Communists eliminated, he could anticipate on Soeharto' s fear for political dominance by the numerically predominating Muslims. Father Beek incited Soeharto into founding the Golkar, a political party which leaned on non-Islamic middle classes and Catholics and was meant to keep the Muslims under control. Father Beek also supported the establishment by his former student Liem Bian Kie (also known as Jusuf Wanandi) of the CSIS (Center for Strategic & International study), a seeming-scientific Indonesian think-tank which would form the main connection between father Beeks movement and the government. The rich Wanandi family still supports this institute. 
Influence.
Several sources point to the vast influence father Beek had through his students, that were often successful in obtaining important positions in the administration, government or the business world. One of the best known is Cosmas Batubara, who became a government minister, and also Liem Bian Kie (also known as Jusuf Wanandi).
Father Beek eliminated the Islamic political party, which may have resulted in increased Islamic fundamentalism.

</doc>
<doc id="21383332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383332" title="Prentiss Douglass">
Prentiss Douglass

Prentiss Porter Douglass (June 1887 – November 9, 1949) was an American football player and coach. 
He was a native of Martinsville, Illinois who graduated from the Culver Military Academy and the University of Michigan. He played football for Fielding H. Yost's 1907 and 1908 Michigan Wolverines football teams at the halfback position. After graduating from Michigan in 1909, he served as an assistant football coach at Michigan during the 1909 and 1910 football seasons. In 1911, he was the head football coach at the University of Kentucky. His 1911 Kentucky team finished the season with 7 wins and 3 losses. Kentucky was unscored upon in its first four games, surrendering six points to the University of Cincinnati in the fifth game. The season's highlights included the final two games, victories against Centre College and the University of Tennessee. After one year at Kentucky, Douglass returned to the University of Michigan where he served as an assistant football coach from 1912 to 1919. He retired from football after the 1919 season to go into business. Douglass died of a heart ailment in Lexington, Kentucky in 1949 at age 62.

</doc>
<doc id="21383341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383341" title="Peerless Woolen Mills">
Peerless Woolen Mills

Peerless Woolen Mills was a subsidiary of Burlington Industries which maintained plants in Cleveland, Tennessee, Rossville, Georgia, and Tifton, Georgia
between 1951 "-" 1961. Burlington Industries closed the two Georgia production sites
in 1961. 
History of business.
The textile maker made a large addition to an existing mill in Chattanooga, Tennessee in 1925. At this time the Tennessee city was the second largest producer of hosiery in the United States.
Peerless Woolen Mills built a new manufacturing plant in Cleveland, Tennessee in 1955. Formerly it operated in buildings leased from Hardwick Woolen Mills, starting in 1951. A plant, the new facility was engaged in preparing weaving and finishing operations. It opened in February 
1956.
The Rossville operation was liquidated and the Tifton plant was sold to the J.P. Stevens Textile Corporation. In November 1961 a Federal judge ruled that Burlington Industries
could close the Peerless Plant in Rossville without engaging in collective bargaining with a union there. He denied a National Labor Relations Board injunction. The NLRB had asked for the
injunction when members of the Allied Industrial Workers contended the mill was being 
shut down to avoid collective bargaining. In November 1961
the NLRB studied whether to appeal the judge's ruling because the company's union won the right
to represent workers in August 1961, a month before the plant was closed down.

</doc>
<doc id="21383379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383379" title="Aesthete (chiton)">
Aesthete (chiton)

Aesthetes are visual organs in chitons. They are tiny 'eyes', too small to be seen unaided, embedded in the organism's shell. They may act in unison to function as a large, dispersed, compound eye. They are light sensing organs that are derived from the mantle of the organism. Some chitons also have larger lens-bearing eyes.
The aesthetes are derived from mantle tissue which extend through holes in the shell (microscopic). Recent studies by ultrasound analysis of the aesthetes have shown that they do not function as an eye, but as an excretory organ secreting periostracum (a proteinaceous material covering and protecting the shell from abrasion). this layer is constantly worn away by waves and debris as a function of their rugged habitat, and must be continuously replaced to protect the shell.

</doc>
<doc id="21383385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383385" title="Boy Leading a Horse">
Boy Leading a Horse

Jeune garçon au cheval is an early painting by Pablo Picasso. An example of Picasso's Rose Period, he painted it in 1906 in Paris.
The painting was first owned by Ambroise Vollard. It then passed through the hands of numerous people through the years:
Julius Schoeps, director of the Moses Mendelssohn institute for European Jewish studies on the University of Potsdam near Berlin, as speaker of the Mendelssohn-Bartholdy heirs, sued the Museum in 2007 for the painting, and Jed S. Rakoff ruled that Mendelssohn-Bartholdy had been forced to sell the painting by the Nazi Party. The Museum of Modern Art and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation then sued the heir, Julius Schoeps. The dispute, however, ended up being settled out of court in 2009, with the museum retaining the work.
In Vladimir Nabokov's novel "Pale Fire", Professor Kinbote says he placed in his lodging-house "the reproduction of a beloved early Picasso: earth boy leading raincloud horse".

</doc>
<doc id="21383386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383386" title="Akola Fort">
Akola Fort

Akola fort (also called Asadgad or Asagad) along with the Narnala and Akot forts forms the major fortifications of the Akola district, Maharashtra, India.
History.
Its earliest form of mud was made by one Akol Singh to protect the village. He saw a hare chasing a dog and considering this to be an auspicious sign, he built an earthen wall here to protect the village. Akola was heavily fortified in 1697 CE during the reign of Aurangzeb by Asad Khan, from whom the fort took its name (Asadgad). In 1803, Arthur Wellesley camped here before proceeding to win the Battle of Argaon in the Second Anglo-Maratha War. The fortress was dismantled by the British Raj in about 1870. It was reported in 1910 in a district gazetteer that the central part of the fort (the "hawakhana") was used as a school.
Major features.
Akola fort is notable in that it is bereft of any decorative embellishments.
There are several inscriptions on the fort. An inscription on the "Dahi handa" gate gives its date of construction as 1114 AH (1697 CE), 'during the reign of emperor Aurangzeb when Nawab Asad Khan was minister.' Another on the Fateh Buruj bastion has no exact date. It too mentions the same minister but a different emperor (Shah Alam). One on the Eidgah contains texts and a statement that the building was finished by Khawja Abdul Latif in 1116 AH (1698 CE). On the "Agarves" gate an inscription in Marathi reads that Govind Appaji in 1843 CE constructed the fort. The latter statement contradicts all the other inscriptions.
Shri Raj Rajeshwar Mandir.
Akola’s oldest Shiva temple is Rajeshwar Mandir.
The Shiv temple was built by Chola Empire king Raj Rajeswar.
Folklore.
While king Akolsingh was living in the Asadgad Fort, there is a famous story is associated with this payas temple. Every night his queen went to this temple to worship Lord Shiva at midnight. She had deep belief in Lord Shiva. Once king Akolsingh thought that his queen was going out at midnight for a wrong reason, so he followed her with a sword; the queen came to know that King Akolsingh was following her, thinking that she was walking at midnight not for worship but for something illicit. She felt gloomy and guilty and went straight to the Shiva temple and pleaded to the god that her husband the king was thinking wrong about her, and that it was insulting that he was having no faith in her loyalty and her character. So she pleaded "kindly get me into your Pind (Shiva Ling)", and suddenly the Shiva ling broke in two parts and the queen jumped into that ling, and then it was closed. The king understood his mistake and could not forgive himself. Still the Shiva ling in this temple has a little crack which shows and proves the reality of ancient story. This temple is the base aastha of this Akola city. There are 2 bridges: the first one is the dagadi pool (stone bridge) and the other is lokhand pool (iron bridge). This iron bridge was built at the time of British.
See also.
List of forts in Maharashtra

</doc>
<doc id="21383393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383393" title="Bob Thompson (wine)">
Bob Thompson (wine)

Bob Thompson (1934 in Seattle) is an American wine writer considered an expert on California wine. He has been described by Frank J. Prial as "one of California's foremost wine writers" and "the sage of St. Helena", and by Steve Heimoff as "the dean of California wine writers".
Thompson's involvement with the wine industry began in 1961, when he was hired by Sunset Books as an assistant editor, writing on the subject of wine as well as food and gardening, and met his future wife Harolyn with whom he collaborated. From 1965 to 1969, Thompson worked with the Media Services of the Wine Institute. The book "The California Wine Book" written in conjunction with Hugh Johnson was published in 1976.
Thompson has written several books on the California wine region including "Notes on a California Cellarbook" and "The Wine Atlas of California and the Pacific Northwest", made numerous contributions to magazines and newspapers such as "San Francisco Examiner", and has functioned as an international wine judge. He was designated as the 1989 "wine writer of the year" by the magazine "Wines and Vines".
On the subject of Pinot noir, Thompson has stated, "Even where it prospers, noir needs to be coaxed, wheedled, flattered, cajoled, cursed and (or) prayed over almost ounce by ounce through a series of crises that starts at the fermenters and lasts beyond bottling".

</doc>
<doc id="21383421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383421" title="Michael Locher">
Michael Locher

Michael Locher (aka "Vorphalack", or simply "Vorph") is a Swiss musician who provides vocals and is a guitarist for Swiss industrial/black metal band Samael (sometimes referred to as "Samaël"). He co-founded the band in 1987 with his brother Alexandre Locher (also known as "Xytras" or "Xy") on drums. Michael's musical influences include Slayer, Iron Maiden, Motörhead, Venom, Bathory, and early Possessed. Michael particularly points to Bathory as a source of inspiration for vocals:
His guitar is a customized ESP Viper with Ernie Ball guitar strings, Line 6 pod, Mesa Boogie Dual Rectifier. During Samael's black metal period, Vorph (then called Vorphalack) played a Jackson King V guitar too. During the Passage era Vorph played a black Jackson Kelly.
Vorph stated in an interview with Dutch webzine Lords of Metal that he does not eat junk food and that he is a vegetarian.
Vorph was born in Sion, Switzerland.
The Estonian band Horricane published a cover version of the Samael song Rain, and credited Vorph as Michel (instead of "Michael") Locher.

</doc>
<doc id="21383440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383440" title="Struthibosca">
Struthibosca

Struthibosca is a genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae. There is only one known species, "Struthibosca struthionis" (Janson, 1889). It is a parasite of Ostrichs.
Distribution.
It is found in Entire Southern Africa, Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya.
Hosts.
They are only found on Ostrich "(Struthio camelus)".

</doc>
<doc id="21383463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383463" title="Voxofon">
Voxofon

Founded in 2008, Voxofon (voxofon.com) provides mobile apps and communication services utilizing over-the-top (OTT) voice and messaging technologies for smartphones, tablets, and web applications. Voxofon is used to make free app-to-app domestic and international calls and texts as well as make cheap international calls and texts to friends and family that use feature phones or landlines. The Voxofon app is a cross-platform application that is supported on iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad, Android, Blackberry, Windows Phone, and through any web browser.
The Voxofon app can connect calls and send texts through the voice network, 3G/4G, or WiFi depending on the user settings and preferences.
History.
In February 2008, Voxofon began as a privately owned corporation headquartered in Houston, TX and was one of the pioneers to enter the VoIP app market for smartphones when it launched a web-based app for iPhone in summer 2008. In October of that same year, Voxofon was the first to provide a VoIP app for the Android platform – offering cost optimized international calls and texts. They followed suit with an identical app for BlackBerry smartphones in January 2009, and later that year for HP’s Palm WebOS platform. In October 2010, the Voxofon app was further expanded to support the launch of Windows Phone 7.
Since then, Voxofon has consistently released new features and versions on each of these platforms – making its products simpler and easier to use. In 2012 Voxofon developed Bridge Messaging technology, providing extensive chat features for smartphone to non-smartphone messaging. It also improved its app-to-app messaging, which allows Voxofon users to call and chat for free. In 2013, Voxofon introduced the option for users to earn free call credits by doing everyday actions like taking short surveys, viewing an advertisement, or watching a short video. This capability, which is supported on iOS and Android devices, allows users to make even paid calls to international destinations for free. At the start of 2014, Voxofon updated their iOS app to include the ability to share photos, videos, voice memos, and location through SMS.
Customer satisfaction is very important to Voxofon. In February 2011, they expanded their support capabilities with a new call center and supports agents fluent in English, Spanish, Norwegian and Russian.
Products.
App for Smartphones.
Voxofon has free apps for most smartphones. The applications are available for Android, iPhone, BlackBerry, and Windows Phone phones. These apps provide free or cheap international calling and texting services and are available through each platform’s respective app stores.
App for Tablets.
Having the same functionality as the smartphone apps, Voxofon has versions of their app which are optimized for tablets. Supported devices include iPad, iPad Mini, and Windows Tablets.
Web-based Calling and Texting.
Using a headset, cheap international calls can be made directly from the Voxofon.com webpage.
Services.
Free Calling and Texting.
Voxofon lets users make calls and send texts to any phone number around the world using call credits. Users can buy call credits or choose to earn free credits by doing everyday tasks like taking a survey, viewing an ad, or watching a video. The capability is currently supported only on Android and iOS devices.
Voxofon users can also make free calls and send texts with other Voxofon user without using any credits as long as both users are registered with Voxofon and have the app installed on their smartphone. User can also make free calls and texts through voxofon.com.
Cheap Calling and Texting.
Voxofon offers their users the ability to call any phone number, including landlines and feature phones at extremely low rates. Voxofon users enjoy call rates that are on average 98% less than major carriers and 50% less than Skype's Pay Per Minute rates.
Features.
Global Support.
Using Voxofon through the Voxofon website, smartphone, or tablet, voice calls and SMS text messages can be sent to 700 networks in 200+ countries to both smartphones and non-smartphones.
Cross Platform Support.
Voxofon apps are supported on any web browser and across iOS, Android, BlackBerry, and Windows devices
Call Landlines and Feature Phones.
Unlike other app-to-app VoIP providers, Voxofon also offers the ability to make calls and send texts to feature phones and landline for rates up to 98% less than traditional carriers.
Earn Free Call Credits.
Have the option to earn call credits rather than paying for them by doing every day activities like taking a short survey, viewing an ad, or watching a video. This feature is currently supported on iOS and Android devices.
Share Rich Multimedia.
Send photos, video clips, voice memos, and location to any phone that can receive SMS. This feature currently supported on the iOS platform.

</doc>
<doc id="21383474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383474" title="Pat McCauley">
Pat McCauley

Patrick F. McCauley (June 10, 1870 to January 17, 1917) was a Major League Baseball player. McCauley played for the St. Louis Browns, Washington Senators and the New York Highlanders in and and . He threw right-handed. 
He was born in Ware, Massachusetts and died in Hoboken, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="21383475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383475" title="Arlene Mosel">
Arlene Mosel

Arlene Tichy Mosel (August 27, 1921 – May 1996) was an American author of children's literature who was best known for her illustrated books "Tikki Tikki Tembo", a retelling of an old folk tale, and the award-winning "The Funny Little Woman", which was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1973.
She was born as Arlene Tichy on August 27, 1921, in Cleveland, Ohio to Edward J. Tichy, an engraver and Marie Fingulin Tichy. She attended Ohio Wesleyan University, where she was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1942, and later attended Western Reserve University (now Case Western Reserve University) where she graduated with a Master of Science in Library Science degree in 1959. She married sales engineer Victor H. Mosel on December 26, 1942, with whom she had three children; Nancy Mosel Farrar, Joanne and James.
Mosel had been an assistant in the children's department at Enoch Pratt Free Library in Baltimore, before becoming an associate professor of library science at Case Western Reserve University. She was also an assistant coordinator of Children's Services at the Cuyahoga County Public Library.
Her book "Tikki Tikki Tembo", published by Holt in 1968 and with illustrations by Blair Lent, was presented as a retelling of a traditional Chinese story about a boy whose rescue after falling into a well was delayed due to his extremely lengthy name. The book was recognized as an ALA Notable Book and was recognized that year with the Boston Globe-Horn Book Award. In 1997, the book was selected by "The New York Times" on its list of the 50 best children's books of the previous 50 years. It has been suggested however that the story probably originated from the Japanese folktale Jugemu instead of a Chinese folktale.
In another collaboration with illustrator Blair Lent, Mosel's 1972 story "The Funny Little Woman", published by E. P. Dutton, won the Caldecott Medal for illustration, and was recognized as an Honor Book in the 1974 Hans Christian Andersen International Children's Book Awards and was a Boston Globe–Horn Book Award honor list selection.
Mosel died in May 1996 in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="21383503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383503" title="George Bryant Britton">
George Bryant Britton

George Bryant Britton (1863 – 11 July 1929) was an English boot and shoe manufacturer and Liberal Party Member of Parliament.
Date of Birth.
According to usually reliable sources, i.e. "Who Was Who", Oxford University Press and Leigh Rayment's peerage page, Britton was born in 1863. However other sources indicate that he was born in 1857.
Career.
Britton played an important role in the business and political life of Bristol in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He was head of G B Britton & Sons Ltd, boot and shoe manufacturers, founded in 1875 and the company developed into one of Bristol’s most successful enterprises.
Local politics.
Britton was elected to Bristol City Council in 1897. He was made an Alderman in 1921 and served as Lord Mayor for the year 1920-1921. While Lord Mayor of Bristol, Britton led a deputation from the city to the Australian High Commissioner to urge the greater use of the port of Bristol for the importation of Australian produce. A strong advocate of tramways, he played an active part in the initiation of an electric tram service to Kingswood and also served as a Justice of the Peace.
Parliament.
Britton was a leading Liberal in Bristol. He was sometime Chairman of the Bristol East Liberal Association and was said to be a popular employer in the city. However soon after the establishment of the Coalition Government of David Lloyd George in December 1916 he severed his connection with the Independent Liberal Party to give support to the Coalition and the prime minister. He later suggested the Coalition should be named the Commonwealth Party, perhaps pre-figuring Lloyd George’s attempts to bring about a Centre Party or fusion with the Coalition Conservatives. As the 1918 general election approached, the MP for Bristol East Sir Charles Hobhouse announced he would not support the Coalition, claiming he had nothing in common with the Conservatives and no use for Andrew Bonar Law. This produced a split in Bristol East Liberal Association and opened the way for Britton to be nominated as the Coalition Liberal candidate.
East Bristol was a predominantly working-class seat with a Radical and nonconformist tradition. In the general election, Britton faced Labour opposition from Luke Bateman, an active local member of the National Union of Railwaymen as well as from Hobhouse standing as an Independent Asquithian Liberal. Standing as a Coalition Liberal, and presumably having the advantage of receiving the Coalition Coupon, Britton won the seat with 9,434 votes to Bateman’s 8,135, a majority of 1,299. Hobhouse came bottom of the poll with 1,447 votes, losing his deposit.
He served only one term in Parliament, and did not stand again at the 1922 general election.
Death.
Britton died at his home Lodge Side, Kingswood on 11 July 1929, at the age of 66 years. He was survived by his wife Annie, the daughter of John Henshaw, whom he married in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="21383507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383507" title="Fork head domain">
Fork head domain

The fork head domain is a type of protein domain which is often found in transcription factors and whose purpose is to bind DNA.
Function.
The fork head protein of "Drosophila melanogaster", a transcription factor that promotes terminal rather than segmental development, contains neither homeodomains nor zinc-fingers characteristic of other transcription factors. Instead, it contains a distinct type of DNA-binding region, containing around 100 amino acids, which has since been identified in a number of transcription factors (including "D. melanogaster" FD1-5, mammalian HNF3, human HTLF, "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" HCM1, etc.). This is referred to as the fork head domain but is also known as a "winged helix". The fork head domain binds B-DNA as a monomer, but shows no similarity to previously identified DNA-binding motifs. Although the domain is found in several different transcription factors, a common function is their involvement in early developmental decisions of cell fates during embryogenesis. Members of the class O of forkhead box transcription factors (FoxO) have important roles in metabolism, cellular proliferation, stress tolerance and probably lifespan.

</doc>
<doc id="21383546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383546" title="Milan Turkovic">
Milan Turkovic

Milan Turković (born 1939) is an Austrian bassoonist who was born in Zagreb, Croatia, grew up in Vienna, Austria.
He is considered one of the few internationally known soloists on his instrument. He was for many years the principal bassoon of the Vienna Symphony as well as a member of the period instrument ensemble Concentus Musicus Wien. Turković is a member of the Ensemble Wien-Berlin, a woodwind quintet consisting of principal players of the Berlin and Vienna Philharmonic orchestras, and the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center of New York.
From 1984 until 1992, Turković was professor of bassoon at the Salzburg Mozarteum. From 1992 until 2003, he taught at the Musikhochschule (conservatory) in Vienna. Since then he has concentrated increasingly on conducting.
Turković has performed as soloist with many important orchestras around the world, including the Vienna Symphony, Stockholm Philharmonic, Bamberg Symphony, Munich Philharmonic, Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra, St. Louis Symphony, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, English Concert, I Solisti Italiani, Camerata Academica Salzburg, NHK Symphony Tokyo, under conductors such as Christoph Eschenbach, Carlo Maria Giulini, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Sir Neville Marriner, Christopher Hogwood, Trevor Pinnock, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Horst Stein, Sandor Vegh, David Zinman,
among others. In 1998 he toured the U.S. with Wynton Marsalis performing the latter's "The Fiddler's Tale". The summer of 2000 saw the premiere of Marsalis's quintet for bassoon and string quartet entitled "Meeelaan!", which was dedicated to Turković on the occasion of his 60th birthday, and for which Turkovic holds exclusive performance rights.
Turković appears regularly at important festivals all over the world such as the Salzburg, Vienna, Lucerne, Lockenhaus, Naantali, Prades, New York, Osaka, Kusatsu (Japan), and others.
His discography consists of 15 CDs of solo repertoire, 26 CDs of chamber music, and over 200 CDs as a member of Concentus Musicus. He has recorded the Mozart Bassoon Concerto four times, the third having been played on a period instrument, Nikolaus Harnoncourt conducting. Turkovic's most recent releases include concerti of Weber with Marriner, five bassoon concerti by Vivaldi with I Solisti Italiani, and concerti of Christian Bach and Kozeluh.
As a conductor, Milan Turković appears regularly with chamber orchestras and large wind ensembles. He has conducted in Vienna, Salzburg, Venice, Milano, Rome, Florence, New York, Osaka, and elsewhere. He has also hosted his own music show on Austrian television. In autumn of 1998 Turković's first book, "Was Musiker Tagsüber tun: senza sordino", was published by Kremayr & Scheriau, Vienna
(in German). 
In March 2003 Turković and co-author Monika Mertl presented their new book in Vienna: "Die seltsamsten Wiener der Welt - Nikolaus Harnoncourt und sein Concentus Musicus", written for the 50th anniversary of the famous Concentus Musicus and published by Residenz Verlag (in German). In spring of 2005 Residenz Verlag published another of Turkovic's books dealing with the international music life, this time entitled "Hast du Töne! Ein musikalisches Tagebuch" (also in German).
Turković has a son from his first marriage who currently resides in Austin, Texas. Since 1993 he has been married to Ingrid Wendl, a former Olympic figure skating star, Austrian TV host, and recent member of Austrian Parliament. (Material taken from the artist's webpage).

</doc>
<doc id="21383549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383549" title="Tenite">
Tenite

Tenite is a brand of cellulosic thermoplastic materials. Created in 1929 by Eastman Chemical Company, Tenite has been used in a wide variety of consumer, industrial, architectural and medical applications. Tenite cellulosics are manufactured from renewable raw materials (soft woods); they exhibit many of the same tactile and finish properties as wood, yet can easily be molded and extruded. Historically, applications for Tenite have varied from radios and telephones, to toys, toothbrushes and eyeglass frames.
History.
In 1920, George Eastman established the site that would later become the headquarters for Eastman Chemical to provide a reliable domestic supply of chemicals for Kodak’s photographic processes. Utilizing their knowledge of acetyl chemistry for film production, Tennessee Eastman developed compounded cellulose acetate in 1929, which was sold soon thereafter under the Tenite™ cellulosics trade mark. Over the next few decades versions utilizing mixed esters were introduced to meet a wider range of market requirements.
Manufacturing.
Tenite™ cellulosics are manufactured from cellulose acetate and is distributed as Tenite™ Acetate, Tenite™ Butyrate, and Tenite™ Proprionate. Its mechanical, thermal, electrical, and optical properties may be tuned greatly with varying levels of plasticizers. Colorants are added for colored products. The material is processed into pellets for distribution. Downstream manufacturers mold or extrude the pellets into applications from eyeglass frames and tool handles to playing cards and casino dice.

</doc>
<doc id="21383566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383566" title="Opening of the World">
Opening of the World

The Opening of the World Series is a trilogy of novels by Harry Turtledove set in a fantasy world.
In the trilogy, the Raumsdalian Empire is the dominant political entity, which shares ties to a loose collection of barbarian tribes with a common ethnicity, known as the Bizogots. The known world had always been bounded on the north by a massive glacier, but at the beginning of the series it has melted through, allowing contact with lands to the north. The series details the exploration of these northern lands and combat with the people who live there, an aggressive race of fierce warriors and powerful sorcerers known as the Rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="21383583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383583" title="Roman roads in Morocco">
Roman roads in Morocco

Roman roads in Morocco were the western roads of Roman Africa.
Characteristics.
In 42 AD the western part of the kingdom of Mauretania was reorganized as a province of Rome Mauretania Tingitana. During the reign of emperor Claudius infrastructure was improved. 
A road leading in the southern direction from Tingis split in two at Ad Mercuri. 
One of the two followed the Atlantic coast through Iulia Constantia Zilil (Asilah), Lixus (Larache) and Sala Colonia (near Rabat).
The other, more to the east, ended in Tocolosida, near Volubilis and modern Fez.
There it is the possibility that a Roman road was built toward south, from Sala Colonia to the area of modern Casablanca. Indeed in the area of Casablanca there was a small port used by the Phoenicians and later the Romans since 15 BC. This port was used for Roman expeditions toward the Canary islands.
There was another important road that connected Tingis with Numidia (modern western Algeria).It ran from Tamouda to Numerus Syrorum.
Settlement roads.
In ancient Morocco significant roads existed within some of the Roman settlements themselves . 
For example, wide roads paved with large hewn stones are found in the cities of Volubilis and Sala Colonia.

</doc>
<doc id="21383591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383591" title="Thomas Bickley">
Thomas Bickley

Thomas Bickley (1518–1596) was an English churchman, a Marian exile who became Warden of Merton College, Oxford and Bishop of Chichester
Life.
He was born at Stow, Buckinghamshire, and began his education as a chorister in the free school of Magdalen College, Oxford He afterwards became a demy, and in 1541 was elected a Fellow of the college. He acquired a reputation as a reformer and preacher of reformed doctrine, and soon after the accession of Edward VI was appointed one of the king's chaplains at Windsor.
During the reign of Mary I of England he went to France, where he spent most of his time in study at Paris and Orléans. Returning to England after the accession of Elizabeth I, he enjoyed rapid promotion, being made, within ten years, chaplain to Archbishop Matthew Parker, rector of Biddenden in Kent, of Sutton Waldron in Dorset, archdeacon of Stafford, chancellor in Lichfield Cathedral, and Warden of Merton College, Oxford.
He was made bishop of Chichester in 1585. Some of the returns to articles of inquiry made at his visitations have been preserved amongst the episcopal records. He died in 1596, and was buried in Chichester Cathedral on 26 May. A tablet to Bickley's memory is attached to the north wall of the lady chapel, surmounted by a small kneeling effigy of the bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="21383618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383618" title="Brighton Sailing Club">
Brighton Sailing Club

Brighton Sailing Club is a dinghy sailing club located on Brighton Beach, Brighton East Sussex UK.
History.
Brighton Sailing Club's founding date is not known precisely, written references to it have been found as far back as the 1870s.
However some confusion exits, the Current "Brighton Sailing Club" was once called "Brighton Sailing and Angling Club" It also incorporates some elements of the former "Brighton Cruising Club" which folded in 1994.
"Brighton Sailing Club Minutes book 1872 - 1934" is known to exist in the Brighton and Hove Archives, but is not available for public view. The reference to "Annual Regatta" in a report Published in The Brighton Guardian Newspaper of Wednesday, October 16, 1872 would suggest that it was established enough to have annual events in the early 1870s.
Racing.
Racing occurs ever Sunday morning from the beginning of April till the End of October. Racing is divided into 2 fleets, catamaran and monohull. Results are calculated on handicap.

</doc>
<doc id="21383624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383624" title="Counting Up, Counting Down">
Counting Up, Counting Down

Counting Up, Counting Down is a collection of short stories by Harry Turtledove. It is named after two of the stories appearing in the book, one called "Forty, Counting Down" and the other named "Twenty-One, Counting Up". The book was originally published by Del Rey as a trade paperback in January 2002. In the same month, it was brought out as a leatherbound limited edition by Easton Press.

</doc>
<doc id="21383628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383628" title="Meadowood, Aurora, Colorado">
Meadowood, Aurora, Colorado

Meadowood is a subdivision of Aurora, Colorado, in the Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area. It is bordered by South Buckley Road to the east, East Yale Avenue to the north, South Chambers Road to the west and East Hampden Avenue to the south.
Meadowood was developed in the 1970s. Meadowood Park, maintained by the City of Aurora, bisects the subdivision into east and west halves. The subdivision is not currently covenant controlled. Neighborhood concerns are addressed by the Meadowood Neighborhood Association, in which membership is voluntary.

</doc>
<doc id="21383635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383635" title="Ryan Foursome">
Ryan Foursome

__NOTOC__
The Ryan C-1 Foursome, also known as the "Baby Brougham" was a single-engine, four-seat light aircraft built in the United States in 1930 as an executive transport. It was a high-wing, braced monoplane based on Ryan's highly successful Brougham design, but substantially smaller. The interior was luxuriously furnished, with deeply upholstered seats, and an oversize cabin door was fitted to ease boarding and disembarking for the three passengers. Only three examples were built before deteriorating economic conditions led to the sale of the Ryan factory in October 1930. One of the three machines was fitted with a Packard DR-980 diesel engine and designated the C-2. This latter aircraft was lost during an attempted transatlantic crossing by Alex Loeb and Richard Decker in August 1939. They were en route to Ireland with Palestine perhaps their intended final destination.

</doc>
<doc id="21383636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383636" title="Odeleite (Castro Marim)">
Odeleite (Castro Marim)

Odeleite is a "freguesia" (parish) in the municipality of Castro Marim (Algarve, Portugal). 

</doc>
<doc id="21383647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383647" title="Ochlerotatus stimulans">
Ochlerotatus stimulans

Ochlerotatus stimulans is also known by the synonym 'Aedes stimulans' and the common name, Woodland Mosquito.

</doc>
<doc id="21383650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383650" title="Sowela Technical Community College">
Sowela Technical Community College

Southwest Louisiana Technical Community College (Sowela) is a comprehensive community college in Lake Charles, Louisiana. It also operates a satellite campus, the Morgan Smith facility, in Jennings, Louisiana.
The college is a member of the Louisiana Community and Technical College System and is under the governance of the Louisiana Board of Regents.
Sowela offers associate degrees, diploma programs, certificate programs, non-credit Community Education courses, targeted training for area business and industry, testing services and summer programs for youth.Many of Sowela's primary course offerings may be transferred to credentialed colleges and universities.
Sowela is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education (COE), but it is currently a candidate for accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS). Sowela is an open-enrollment institution which serves traditional and non-traditional aged students. Students can take as little as one class for professional development or complete a full degree.
Located on the former Chennault Airforce Base, Sowela has expanded in recent years with the addition the Phillips 66 Process Technology Center in 2012 and the Arts & Humanities Center in 2013. It will open its Allied Health & Nursing Center during the 2013-14 academic year. Additionally, the college has been appropriated $20 million from the Louisiana Legislature to construct a large-scale training center to meet the workforce demands of the Southwest Louisiana economy.
Sowela has an enrollment of approximately 3,000 students, seeing a nationally ranked growth spurt after rebuilding from Hurricane Rita, the 2005 storm that damaged and forced closure of the campus.
Sowela's roots are tied to a 1938 act of the Louisiana Legislature which created a trade school for the Lake Charles area. During the 2013-14 academic year, the college will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of career and technical education in Southwest Louisiana.
Sowela is supported by the Sowela Foundation, a volunteer board of business and civic leaders who assist the college with scholarships, fundraising and other financial support.
The school's mascot is the Flying Tigers, a salute to the site's aviation roots.
Dr. Neil Aspinwall is the Chancellor of the college.

</doc>
<doc id="21383664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383664" title="Spriguns of Tolgus">
Spriguns of Tolgus

Spriguns of Tolgus (aka Spriguns) was an electric folk group formed in 1972. They managed to obtain a record deal with a major label and the attention of some most significant figures in the folk rock world. They produced four albums with growing originality and recognition, but were unable to attain mainstream success and disbanded in 1978. Their lead singer, Mandy Morton, continued her solo career in Scandinavia and the band have now obtained a cult following.
History.
Origins.
Mike and Mandy Morton formed Spriguns of Tolgus as an acoustic duo at their own folk club in Cambridge, England in 1972. They took the name Spriguns from a malignant Cornish pixie, and Tolgus from a tin mine in Cornwall. Initially the band relied on traditional songs, particularly ballads, from England, Scotland and Ireland and were similar in sound to Steeleye Span. 
The Mortons were joined by Rick Thomas (fiddle) and Chris Russon (electric guitar), producing soft-focus electric folk on a self-financed tape recording "Rowdy, Dowdy Day" (1974). This drew them to the attention of Steeleye Span's Tim Hart, who produced their first vinyl album "Jack with a Feather" (1975), contributing the song ‘Seamus the Showman’, beside traditional material such as the Child Ballads ‘Flodden Field’ and ‘The Twa Magicians’ (the last of which Steeleye Span had recorded the year before) and the Irish songs ‘Let no man steal your Thyme’ and ‘Curragh of Kildare’. The album, despite a very short run of pressings, together with Hart’s involvement, helped increase the band’s profile sufficiently to gain attention from a major label.
The Decca albums 1976-7.
In 1976 they signed with Decca, shortened their name to Spriguns and recruited a new band of Dick Powell (keyboards), Tom Ling (fiddle), and Chris Woodcock (drums), which gave them a fuller and rockier sound. The resulting album "Revel, Weird & Wild" (1976) was again produced by Tim Hart. It relied exclusively on material penned by the band, particularly by Mandy Morton, but many of these were reworkings of traditional material.
For the next album "Time Will Pass" (1977) only Powell and Ling were retained and Australians Wayne Morrison (guitar) and Dennis Dunstan (drums) were recruited. This was a relatively lavish attempt to break through into the mainstream, with orchestral arrangements undertaken by Robert Kirby, who had worked with Nick Drake and the Strawbs and production by Sandy Roberton, who had overseen Steeleye Span's early folk albums. The band now sounded very much like a conventional rock outfit with folk overtones and Mandy Morton was the only songwriter.
Magic Lady.
The Mortons left Decca in 1977 for reasons that remain unclear and established their own label, Banshee Records, in 1978. A new band was formed, retaining Tom Ling but adding Byron Giles (guitar) and Alex Cooper (drums). Mandy Morton became the group's focus and their last album under the name Spriguns was "Magic Lady" (1978), credited to ‘Mandy Morton and Spriguns’. The album’s title was a tribute to Sandy Denny, who died during recording and as a result the content was similar in style to Denny’s solo work. It was recorded at Spaceward Studios, produced by Mike Kemp and benefited from guest appearances by several respected figures in the electric folk world, including a return for Tim Hart on dulcimer and backing vocals and guitar work from former Gryphon instrumentalist Graeme Taylor. This last album is generally considered the finest work the band produced.
After Spriguns.
In 1979 Mandy Morton signed for Polydor Scandinavia in 1979, where she gained quite a following, gradually moving away from her folk roots and in the 1980s touring with a conventional rock band. She produced the album Sea Of Storms (1979) before Mike and Mandy split and Mike returned to Cambridge, where he died unexpectedly in his forties. After producing Valley Of Light for Banshee in 1983, Mandy returned to England to work for BBC Radio Cambridgeshire in 1986. Dick Powell is the leader of Cambridge dance band The Melodybeats, and is writing songs and poetry and short stories as well as teaching. Tom Ling plays in Cambridge bands. Wayne Morrison and Dennis Dunstan are back home in Australia having fleetingly lived in California where Dennis worked for Fleetwood Mac for some time as Head of Security.
Style and significance.
Mandy Morton’s song writing and fey laid-back singing was central to the sound of the band. Initially they seemed to be a clone of Steeleye Span, but the greater experimentation, production values and confidence of the later work, in which Mandy Morton began to produce her own material, is closer to bands like Trees or Mellow Candle in style, relying on long guitar solos, similar to those of some progressive rock bands. The material was often dark in nature, focusing on black magic, war and death, which prefigured the obsessions of some later dark wave bands. Their rare albums became particularly sought after by record collectors and began to be re-released as CDs from the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="21383667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383667" title="Nijkerk–Ede-Wageningen railway">
Nijkerk–Ede-Wageningen railway

The Nijkerk–Ede-Wageningen railway is a railway line in the Netherlands currently running from Barneveld to Ede-Wageningen. The part between Nijkerk and Barneveld has been demolished. It is also called the "Valleilijn" ("valley line") or "Kippenlijn" ("chicken line") in Dutch.
The line.
The Valleilijn is a single track line with passing places at Barneveld Centrum and Lunteren. It runs through the valley where there are many chicken farms and was therefore originally called the Kippenlijn until a project was launched on 10 December 2006.
The line has interchanges with other railway services at Amersfoort and Ede-Wageningen.
History.
The line opened on 1 May 1902 as the Kippenlijn from Nijkerk to Ede. The line between Nijkerk and Barneveld Noord closed in 1937 and the whole line was shut on 7 September 1944 because of World War II.
The line re-opened on 20 May 1951 and was electrified for that date as well. The line operates as the Oosterspoorweg between Amersfoort and the Barneveld Noord junction. From there the line is 17 km long and takes 20 minutes to operate from Barneveld Noord to Ede-Wageningen.
Stations.
The following stations are on the Valleilijn, including some possible interchanges:
Previous stations.
Driedorp, Appel, Dusschoten, Voorthuizen, Barneveld Kruispunt, Meulunteren, Doesburgerbuurt, Stompekamp and Ede Gemeentehuis.
2006 Service improvements.
Before 10 December 2006 the line was operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen but on that date Connexxion took over the service and made improvements.
Train.
5 new Protos train sets were placed into service, to improve comfort on the line. They wear a special blue Valleilijn livery (See Gallery).
Buses.
From 10 December 2006 Veolia also relaunched the bus service 88 (Ede - Wageningen). A Fleet of brand new buses were placed into service in the same Valleilijn livery. This service operates up to every 10 minutes.
Passengers can connect with the train from/to Amersfoort.

</doc>
<doc id="21383676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383676" title="Ballon d'Or 2001">
Ballon d'Or 2001

The 2001 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Michael Owen on 18 December 2001.
Owen was the fourth English national to win the award after Stanley Matthews (1956), Bobby Charlton (1966) and Kevin Keegan (1978, 1979). He was also the first Liverpool player to win the trophy.
Rankings.
Additionally, twenty two players were nominated but received no votes: Sonny Anderson, Fabien Barthez, Gabriel Batistuta, Gianluigi Buffon, Cafu, Vincent Candela, Alessandro Del Piero, Marcel Desailly, Rio Ferdinand, Ryan Giggs, Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink, Iván Helguera, Harry Kewell, Patrick Kluivert, Samuel Kuffour, Hidetoshi Nakata, Pavel Nedvěd, Pauleta, Robert Pirès, Paul Scholes, Lilian Thuram, and Patrick Vieira.

</doc>
<doc id="21383693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383693" title="Janosch Dziwior">
Janosch Dziwior

Janosch Dziwior (; born 19 September 1974 in Knurów) is a German football coach and a former player.
Career.
He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for 1. FC Köln on 17 February 1995 when he started in a game against Eintracht Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="21383714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383714" title="Azinhal (Castro Marim)">
Azinhal (Castro Marim)

Azinhal is a "freguesia" (parish) in the municipality of Castro Marim (Algarve, Portugal). It has a total area of 67.96 km2, 692 inhabitants and a density of 10.2hab/km2.

</doc>
<doc id="21383718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383718" title="Essar Group">
Essar Group

Essar Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate with investments in the sectors of steel, energy (oil & gas and power), infrastructure (ports, projects & concessions) and services (shipping, telecom, realty and outsourcing and technology solutions). With operations in more than 25 countries across five continents, Essar employs over 73,000 people and has revenues of $39 billion.
Essar began as a construction company in 1969 and diversified into manufacturing, services and retail. Essar is managed by Shashi Ruia – Chairman, and Ravi Ruia – Vice Chairman.
History.
Essar began its first operation with the construction of an outer breakwater in Chennai port. The name Essar is derived by combining the first letter of the Chairman's and Vice-Chairman's names – Shashi and Ravi, i.e. S plus R sounds like Essar. The company was incorporated in June 1976 under the name of Essar Construction Limited and was engaged primarily in core sector activities, including marine construction, pipeline laying, dredging and other port related activities. In 1984, the company ventured further into other core sectors mainly the field of exploration and development, drilling onshore and offshore oil and gas wells for Indian Public Sector oil exploration companies. The company's name was then changed to Essar Offshore and Exploration Limited in May 1987.
In August 1987, the company's name was changed to Essar Gujarat Limited, to reflect its highly diversified business interest. In 1988, the company made an initial public offer for its shares, which are now listed in Bombay Stock Exchange, National Stock Exchange of India and two other Indian stock exchanges.
In the 1990s the group entered into steel making with its Hazira plant in Gujarat and a pellet plant in Visakhapatnam. During the same decade the Essar expanded its scope into other businesses gas exploration, oil refinery, construction and GSM telephony.
As part of its business strategy of focusing on the iron and steel sector, the company hived off its unrelated business to a series of different companies. Offshore and energy operations were transferred to Essar Oil Limited in May 1992, Civil and mechanical construction business were transferred to Essar Projects Limited in March 1993.
With a vertical integration program in mind, construction of a technology Hot Rolled (HR) sheets and coil plant began in 1992. The plan commenced trial production in April 1995 and commercial production in April 1996.
The name of the company was changed from Essar Gujarat Limited to Essar Steel Limited in December 1995. The company operates the following facilities at Hazira, Gujarat state: MMTPA gas based Hot Briquetted Iron (HBI) plant; and MMTPA Hot Rolled Coils (HRC) plant.
Steel.
Essar Steel is a global producer of steel with presence in Asia, Europe, Africa and North America. It has an annual capacity of 14 million tonnes. The product includes pipes, plates cold rolling, galvanizing and pre-coated segments.
It is India's largest exporter of flat steel with 10 million tons per annum (MTPA) of capacity in India and 4 million tons per annum (MTPA) in world wide facility. Essar Steel is fully integrated from mining to retail and has specialised plants for value-added steel products like pipes and plates. On 11 June 2012, Essar Steel India commissioned a 19 MW heat recovery power plant at Hazira.
Essar Minerals owns iron ore and coal mines in India, Indonesia, Mozambique and the USA. The company has access to over 2.0 billion tonnes of iron ore reserves in India and USA and 450 million tonnes of coal reserves.
Current Operations
Hazira, Gujarat, India: A 10-million tonne steel plant at Hazira, largest in Western India. The plant is supported by a captive port, power plant, lime plant and oxygen plant.
Downstream facilities : 
Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India: 8-million tonne pellet plant 
Bailadila, Chhattisgarh, India: 8-million tonne iron ore beneficiation plant 
Pune, Maharashtra, India:
Paradip, Orissa, India: 12-million tonne pellet plant of which 6-million tonnes is operational 
Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada: A 4-million tonne steel plant 
West Java, Jakarta, Indonesia:
Retailing (across India): Over 400 steel retail outlets branded Essar Hypermart and Essar Expressmart 
Steel Processing Facility (across India & UAE): Largest steel processing & distribution facilities in India with an annual capacity of 4 million tonnes located in Pune (Maharashtra), Hazira (Gujarat), Bahadurgarh (National Capital Region), Chennai (Tamil Nadu), Bhuj (Gujarat) and Dubai (UAE)
Dudley, West Midlands, UK: 500,000-tonne steel processing centre 
Indonesia: 200,000 tonnes 
Under Execution
Jodha-Barbil area, Orissa, India: A 12-million tonne iron ore beneficiation plant 
Minnesota, USA: A 7-million tonne pellet plant, a concentration plant and a direct-reduced iron plant The Minnesota plant is under construction and not yet producing. Additionally, financing has not been secured and contractors are not being paid and have filed liens against the mine. <http://www.twincities.com/localnews/ci_25270272/1-7b-minnesota-taconite-development-still-sitting-partially>
Zimbabwe (Africa): Essar will expand its newly launched steel company, NewZim Steel Private Limited, in two phases:
Energy.
Essar's primary business is in the power and oil sectors. Most of this is handled by Essar Energy, which is approximately 76% owned by Essar Group, is today India's 2nd largest power generation company in the private sector. Its current generation capacity of 1,600 MW is being expanded to 8,070 MW. Power generation comes from a combination of gas, coal and liquid fuel based power plants. Essar Energy holds a controlling stake in Essar Oil.
Essar Oil is an oil & gas company with onshore and offshore oil & gas blocks, with about 35,000 km2 available for exploration. Total reserves and resources across these blocks is 2,109 mmboe. The refineries are Vadinar in Gujarat India; Stanlow in Cheshire,United Kingdom and 50% controlling stake in Kenya Petroleum Refineries. It has retail and direct sales in Kenya. The company does marketing of all products to SAARC countries. The company has about 750,000 bpsd (barrels per stream day) of crude refining capacity across three continents. It is the first private company in India to enter refined products marketing sector. It is the largest coal bed methane (CBM) player in India. It supplies bulk products to traders and direct customers. Essar also has a country-wide marketing network of over 1,400 retail outlets in India. It has tie-ups with other oil marketing companies that gives Essar Oil access to product and right to use their terminals and facilities for placing and marketing its products. This gives the company pan-India presence with more than 30 supply locations.
Current Operations
Essar Power is one of the lowest cost power producers and has a current generation capacity of 3,910 MW that is being expanded to 6,700 MW. It has gas, coal and liquid fuel-based power plants. Including two gas-based plants and one liquid fuel based plant in Hazira, a co-generation plant in Vadinar and a coal-based plant in Visakhapatnam. Two 1200 MW power plants in Tori, Jharkhand and Mahan, M.P. It owns about 500 million tonnes of coal reserves and resources in blocks spread across four continents.
Essar Power was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2010. Essar Oil is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India.
Current Operations
Hazira, Gujarat, India 
Vadinar, Gujarat, India      
Mahan, Madhya Pradesh, India
Salaya, Gujarat, India
Algoma, Ontario, Canada
Under Execution
Hazira, Gujarat, India
Mahan, Madhya Pradesh, India                    
Tori, Jharkhand, India                  
Paradip, Odisha, India
Services.
Under the services domain, the group caters to shipping, business process outsourcing (BPO), telecom and realty.
Essar Shipping is an integrated logistics solution provider with presence in sea transportation, logistics and oilfields services. The company currently has a fleet of  26 vessels, with an additional 12 new ships on order. It provides contract drilling services to global oil majors, with a fleet of 13 onshore rigs and one semi-submersible offshore rig; two new jack-up rigs on order.
Essar has Business Process Outsourcing services, employing over 55,000 people across 13 countries. It has the Telecom services in Africa with over three million subscribers. It also has India's largest Telecom retail network, with over 725 outlets in more than 125 towns and cities.
Equinox Realty has operations in the Indian states of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh; and has a portfolio of approximately 16 million sq ft.
Infrastructure.
The company's infrastructure scope falls under managing ports. They have also been involved in handling complex engineering, procurement and construction projects.
Essar Ports is one of India's largest operator of ports & terminals operating from strategic locations in west and east coast of India. The company is building a cargo handling capacity (dry, bulk and liquid cargo) of over 181 million tonnes. 
Current Operations        
Under Execution
Projects.
Essar Projects is the second largest engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) company in India. It operates under sectors of steel, oil, gas, power, ports and terminals.
It owns over 5,000 nos. construction equipment worth over USD 275 mn. Over 15,000 TPA (Tonnes per annum) of equipment and 40,000 TPA of fabricated structure with waterfront load-out facility for any size of equipment. It has dedicated engineering centers specializing in process, engineering and design for steel, ports, power & hydrocarbons with over 1,200 engineers. Global procurement support in India, Middle East, Europe and China.
Other businesses.
Essar has plans to expand into other key sectors. Its other businesses include
Information Technology – Essar deploys a host of IT systems which will enable their companies to compete as per global standards
Publishing – Paprika Media has tied up with the UK-based publishing company, TimeOut, to publish the Indian edition of the magazine.
Agribusiness – Essar Agrotech deals in growing of flowers, herbs and vegetables primarily for international markets.

</doc>
<doc id="21383719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383719" title="Immolate Yourself">
Immolate Yourself

Immolate Yourself is the third full-length album by American electronica band Telefon Tel Aviv, released on BPitch Control. Immolate means to sacrifice, meaning that the title means "sacrifice yourself" [http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Immolate?r=75&src=ref&ch=dic]. Two days after its release, band member Charles Cooper died in Chicago, Illinois. His death is not related thematically to the album.

</doc>
<doc id="21383722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383722" title="Cifesa">
Cifesa

Cifesa is the acronym for Compania Industrial Film Espanola, a noted Spanish film studio. They have released such films as "Don Quijote de la Mancha" (1947) and the 1954 film version of "El alcalde de Zalamea", as well as being responsible for the Spanish release of some Hollywood films. Notable stars include Florián Rey, Benito Perojo, Imperio Argentina, and Miguel Ligero.

</doc>
<doc id="21383724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383724" title="Hansa Park">
Hansa Park

Hansa-Park is a seasonal amusement park in Sierksdorf (Schleswig-Holstein) off the Baltic Sea. It was opened on May 15, 1977 under the name Hansaland and renamed Hansa-Park in 1987. It currently spans and includes more than 125 attractions. From 1973 to 1976, the site was home to the first German Legoland.
The park is owned by the Leicht family and managed by Christoph Andreas Leicht. The park attracts more than a million visitors each year, making it the fifth largest German amusement park. "Stern" magazine, in collaboration with the BAT Freizeit-Forschungsinstitut (Leisure Research Institute) tested the ten leading German amusement parks. Hansa-Park scored second place behind Europa-Park overall and first place in the north. The "Family Park on the Sea" was the first German amusement park to receive the "OK for Kids" seal of approval from the Deutschen Kinderschutzbund (the German Association for the Protection of Children) and TÜV Nord (Technical Inspection Association, North) for the whole park.
The grounds are divided into eleven different themed areas, including Alter Jahrmarkt (Medieval Fair), Westernstadt (Western Town), Mexiko (Mexico), Piratenland (Pirate Land) and Abenteuerland (Adventure Land). Each of these areas contains rides and shows consistent with its theme. The park's special charm lies in its careful and detailed use of theming, with many little gags positioned along the way to the large attractions.
Shows and Events.
23. September to 25. September and 30. September to 03. oktober 2011 daily from 18.00 Uhr* age limit 12 years, not if it is raining
The event is taking place between/ in Torre del Mar and the old northgerman cottage Official Page with trailer
Every year different celebrations and other events take place, spread throughout the season. Among the events that occur every year are the Osterhasenfestival ("Easter Hare Festival") and Osterblütenfestival ("Easter Flower Festival"), and the Sommerblütenfestival ("Summer Flower Festival") a.k.a. the "Fall Magic on the Sea."

</doc>
<doc id="21383742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383742" title="Austrolfersia">
Austrolfersia

Austrolfersia is a genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae. There is only one known species, "Austrolfersia ferrisi" Bequaert, 1953. It is a parasite of Diprotodontia.
Distribution.
It is only found in Queensland, Australia.
Hosts.
Red-legged Pademelon "(Thylogale stigmatica") and the Musky Rat-kangaroo "(Hypsiprymnodon moschatus)"

</doc>
<doc id="21383747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383747" title="Bjørn Tveter">
Bjørn Tveter

Bjørn Tveter (born 13 June 1944) is a former Norwegian speed skater who competed internationally in the 1960s and 1970s. At the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble he finished 5th in the 1500 metres. At the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo he finished 4th in the 1500 metres. 
In 1973, Tveter joined the professional skating league, and in 1974 he won gold medals at the Professional European Allround Championships. The professional league was dissolved in 1974.
Tveter's younger brother Øyvind was also a speed skater who competed in international championships and in the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21383763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383763" title="Miguel Fernández">
Miguel Fernández

Miguel Fernández (born 10 April 1962) is an Argentinian professional golfer.
Fernández was born in Resistencia, Chaco. He worked as a caddy in Chaco, before turning professional in 1980.
Fernández won the Argentine Tour Order of Merit in 1987. He won the Argentine Open in 1987 and 1988, having previously finished second in 1986. In addition to several victories on the Tour de las Americas, he has also been second in the TLA Players Championship in 2003 and 2006.
Fernández played on the European Tour in 1991, finishing 131st on the Order of Merit with a best finish of tied 7th in the Open de Baleares. The same year, he also played in the British Open at Birkdale. Victory in the Panama Masters in 2004, gave him the chance to return to Europe to play on the Challenge Tour. However, he did not manage to repeat that performance, as he failed to register another top 30 finish on his way to 75th on the money list.
Fernández represented Argentina on one occasion in the World Cup, in 1989 in Spain, and came 4th in the individual tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21383776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383776" title="Johanna Reiss">
Johanna Reiss

Johanna Reiss (born Johanna "Annie" de Leeuw, 4 April 1932 in Winterswijk) is a Dutch-born American writer and longtime resident of New York City. Her most recent work, "A Hidden Life", was published by Melville House Publishing in January 2009. In her books, Reiss has presented her childhood experience as a Jewish girl in the Netherlands during the Holocaust.
Biography.
Johanna Reiss was born, raised, and educated in Winterswijk, but she and her older sister survived the Holocaust hidden for almost three years in the rural village of Usselo in the attic of a farmer called Johan Oosterveld.
After teaching elementary school for several years, she moved to the United States in the early 1950s, where she married Jim Reiss. Upon the urging of her husband, she wrote a young adult novel, "The Upstairs Room", sharing her personal experience of the events of the Second World War. Published in 1972, this classic YA novel won Reiss several awards. It was a Newbery Honor Book, an American Library Association Notable Children's Book, and a Jane Addams Peace Association Honor Book. It also won the Jewish Book Council Juvenile Book Award and the Buxtehuder Bulle, a German children's book award. Elie Wiesel considers "The Upstairs Room" "as important in every respect as the one bequeathed to us by Anne Frank." The book was so successful that it spawned a sequel, "The Journey Back", published in 1976, which tells the story of Annie de Leuww's and her family's return to their home country of Holland in an attempt to rebuild their lives after the war.
Her latest book, "A Hidden Life", was published by Melville House Publishing in January 2009. It is a memoir written for adults, in which Reiss confronted the memories of childhood as well as the tragedy of her husband's suicide. Reiss has two children. An active speaker, Reiss visits schools to talk to students about the historical times she lived through. Her booking agent is Catherine Balkin of Balkin Buddies.

</doc>
<doc id="21383793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383793" title="Art Schult">
Art Schult

Arthur William "Dutch" Schult (born June 20, 1928 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former Major League Baseball player. Schult played for the New York Yankees, Cincinnati Redlegs, Washington Senators and the Chicago Cubs. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="21383801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383801" title="Dave Gilroy">
Dave Gilroy

David Gilroy (born 23 December 1982 in Yeovil) is an English professional footballer who plays in the forward position. He is currently playing for Cribbs.
Career.
Gilroy began his career as a trainee with Bristol Rovers, turning professional in August 2001. He made his debut on 25 August 2001, as a late substitute for Martin Cameron in Rovers' 3–2 win at home to Luton Town. He joined Bath City on loan in March 2002. He scored twice in five games before returning to Rovers, playing once more before the end of the season.
He joined Forest Green Rovers on a month's loan in August 2003 and joined Clevedon Town on loan the following month.
Gilroy signed for Newport County of the Conference South on 29 April 2009. In October 2009 he was loaned to Weston-super-mare and scored a hat-trick in his first match. He returned to Newport 15 November on completion of his loan spell having scored 7 goals in 6 matches for Weston but was injured shortly afterwards. In February 2010 he rejoined Bath City on loan. The loan arrangement completed in March 2010. Gilroy completed the 2009–10 season at Newport who were crowned Conference South champions with a record 103 points, 28 points ahead of second placed Dover Athletic. He totalled 14 Conference South goals for the season.
Gilroy became Woking manager Graham Baker's fifth new signing in the 2010 off-season, agreeing a deal with the Surrey club on the first day of June that will last until the end of the 2010–11 season. 
In May 2011, Gilroy was released by Woking FC and is currently a free agent. On 1 July 2011 it was announced that he had rejoined Chippenham Town FC. However it was a stay that would last little over a year as in September 2012 it was announced that he had joined Southern Premier League rivals Frome Town.
In September 2013, Gilroy signed for Western League First Division side Cribbs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21383813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383813" title="127th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
127th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 2nd Battalion, 127th Infantry Regiment traces its origins to the 4th Infantry Battalion, Wisconsin National Guard.
Organization.
The 4th Infantry Battalion, Wisconsin National Guard, was organized on 25 April 1884, from Milwaukee companies, expanded and redesignated in 1890 as the 4th Infantry Regiment (four companies transferred to 1st Infantry Regiment 28 April 1898).
The four regiments of the Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry in Federal service for the War with Spain were as follows:
They were reorganized on 10 June 1899, as 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Infantry Regiments in the Wisconsin National Guard.
Mexico Border War.
The 1st, 2nd, 3rd Infantry Regiments were mustered into Federal service on 30 June 1916, for service on the Mexican Border Service and mustered out at Fort Sheridan, Illinois, on 19 January 1917, (1st Battalion), 28 February 1917, (2nd Battalion), and 14 December 1916 (3rd Battalion).
World War I.
The regiments were again called into Federal service for World War I on 15 July 1917, and drafted into Federal service on 5 August 1917. They were reorganized and redesignated as the 128th and 127th Infantry on 24 September 1917 at Camp MacArthur, Texas, and assigned to the 32nd Division.
The units were Disbanded at Camp Grant, Illinois, on 18 May 1919, (127th) and 19 May 1919 (128th). The 32d Division demobilized on 23 May 1919, at Camp Custer, Michigan.
World War II.
The 127th Infantry was reconstituted and was reorganized on 1 April 1921, in the eastern portion of Wisconsin and assigned to 32nd Division. It was inducted into Federal service on 15 October 1940, at Crandon. (The 32nd Division was redesignated on 1 August 1942, as 32nd Infantry Division).
On 26 November 1942, the 127th disembarked at Port Moresby after a period of training in Australia. The 3rd Battalion, 127th Infantry Regiment now took over on the Urbana front at Buna during the battle of Buna–Gona. Not able to be supported by tanks due to the terrain and swampy land, the fighting was a desperate tree-by-tree, bunker-by-bunker struggle. On 24 December 1942, First Sergeant, Elmer J. Burr was posthumously awarded first Medal of Honor of the campaign by throwing himself onto a grenade and absorbing the explosion protecting his commanding officer. Later the same day Sergeant, Kenneth E. Gruennert was awarded the Medal of Honor for knocking out two enemy bunkers single-handedly, and after being severely wounded in his attack against the first bunker, attacked the second bunker before being killed by a sniper.
It inactivated on 28 February 1946, at Fukuoka, Japan.
Post-World War II.
It was reorganized and Federally recognized on 18 August 1949 with headquarters in Waukesha, Wisconsin. It was reorganized on 15 February 1959, as the 127th Infantry, a parent regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System. The 127th Infantry consisted of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Battle Groups, elements of the 32d Division.
The 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Battle Groups, 127th Infantry were ordered to active Federal service on 15 October 1961, at Appleton, Oshkosh, and Milwaukee, respectively. The 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Battle Groups, 127th Infantry were released from active Federal service and reverted to State control on 10 August 1962.
The 127th Infantry reorganized on 1 April 1963, to consist of 1st, 2nd, and, 3rd Battalions.
Unit insignia.
Shield: Azure, on a pale Argent the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 42d Division (the fourth quadrant of a rainbow of three bands, Red, Yellow and Blue) surmounted by the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 32d Division (a Red arrow having shot through a line), both Proper; on a chief of the second three fountains. Crest: That for the regiments of the Wisconsin National Guard: On a wreath of the colors (Argent and Azure) a badger couchant Proper. Motto: LES TERRIBLES. 
See symbolism for coat of arms below. 
The distinctive unit insignia was approved on 16 June 1927.
Coat of arms.
Blazon.
Azure, on a pale Argent the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 42d Division (the fourth quadrant of a rainbow of three bands, Red, Yellow and Blue) surmounted by the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 32d Division (a Red arrow having shot through a line), both Proper; on a chief of the second three fountains. 
That for the regiments of the Wisconsin National Guard: On a wreath of the colors (Argent and Azure) a badger couchant Proper. Motto LES TERRIBLES. 
The shield is blue for Infantry. The silver of the pale and chief indicates the 127th Infantry is numerically senior to the 128th Infantry in the 64th Infantry Brigade. The 127th Infantry was federally recognizes 14 July 1920, and the 128th Infantry 16 April 1921. Tradition is that the name Wisconsin means "wild rushing waters," therefore, the three fountains, heraldic symbols for water, are used to symbolize the three Wisconsin regiments - The First, Second and Third National Guard Regiments - which were combined and from which organizations were drawn to make up the 127th Infantry; they also signify that the unit has been called into Federal service three times - for the Spanish–American War, Mexican Border duty and World War I, at the time the coat of arms was approved. The red arrow was the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 32d Division and the rainbow that of the 42d Division, during World War I. The motto "LES TERRIBLES" is the nom-de-guerre conferred upon the 127th Infantry during World War I. 
The crest is that of the Wisconsin Army National Guard. 
The coat of arms was approved on 17 June 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="21383830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383830" title="Castro Marim (parish)">
Castro Marim (parish)

Castro Marim is a "freguesia" (parish) in Castro Marim Municipality (Algarve, Portugal). 

</doc>
<doc id="21383847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383847" title="Øyvind Tveter">
Øyvind Tveter

Øyvind Tveter (born 28 March 1954) is a former Norwegian speed skater who competed internationally in the 1970s and 1980s. At the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid he finished 5th in the 5000 metres and 5th in the 10000 metres. 
Tveter's elder brother Bjørn was also a speed skater who competed in international championships and in the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21383901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383901" title="AGV Sports Group">
AGV Sports Group

AGV Sports Group, Inc., based in Frederick, Maryland, designs, develops, and produces motorcycle safety clothing for road race and sportbike markets.
History.
In 1978, AGV USA, a division of Intersport, Inc. located in Maryland, became the official importer of AGV helmets for the United States. In 1985, when the Italian manufacturer took over the distribution rights in the US, Intersport, Inc. was given the right to make apparel and other products, excluding helmets, bearing the AGV name and trademark and AGV Sports Group was created. By the early 1990s the AGVSPORT brand was being used on most apparel for aesthetics reasons due to the different graphic requirements of apparel from helmets.From 1992 through 1994 AGV SpA in Italy owned a 51% stake in AGV Sports Group,Inc.
From 1985 to 1999, AGV Sports Group and AGV Helmets US office operated with the same management, offices, and warehouses. In 2001, the AGVSPORT name became a fully independent brand belonging to AGV Sports Group, Inc., a privately held US corporation.
The AGVSPORT brand is distributed internationally through exclusive licensing contracts with current agreements with companies in the United States, Canada, Russia, Ukraine, Spain, Italy, Malaysia, Korea, Mexico, and Brazil.
AGV Sports Group Sponsored Racers.
AGV Sports Group has sponsored riders including road racers Devin Battley, Troy Bayliss, Randy Mamola, Loris Capirossi, Kurtis Roberts, Ben Bostrom, Eric Bostrom, Roland Sands, Miguel Duhamel, and Mat Mladin.

</doc>
<doc id="21383909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383909" title="List of people with surname Dick">
List of people with surname Dick

Dick is a surname of English and Scottish origin. Some notable individuals with the surname Dick include:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21383933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383933" title="Cocoș Monastery">
Cocoș Monastery

Cocoş Monastery is a monastery in Isaccea, Romania, located in a forest clearing 6 km south of the town centre and 6 km of Niculițel.
The monastery includes an abbot's house, a number of monks' dwellings, a bell tower, a chapel and a church dedicated to the Dormition of the Theotokos, all of which are on the list of historical monuments in Romania, being built between 1883 and 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="21383961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383961" title="Salvia littae">
Salvia littae

Salvia littae is a herbaceous perennial native to the Mexican state of Oaxaca, growing at elevations of 8,000-10,000 feet. The plants typically grow in some shade in groups at the edge of moist oak forest, or cloud forest.
"Salvia littae" grows 4-6 feet tall and up to 6 feet wide, forming thickets when left alone. The plant puts out many leafy stems which easily root when they touch the ground. The 1-3 inch medium-green leaves grow profusely on the plant, and are glabrous and rounded. Inflorescences reach up to 1 foot tall, with the flowers growing in tight verticils. The 1 inch flowers are a brilliant magenta, and covered with hairs. The upper lip is upright, and the lower lip is wide open. The two-part lower lip appears curled under, unusual in "salvia" plants. The small calyx is a bright lime-green, adding to the attractiveness of the flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21383997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21383997" title="Martinus">
Martinus

Martinus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21384008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384008" title="Miroslav Baranek">
Miroslav Baranek

Miroslav Baranek (born 11 October 1973 in Havířov) is a retired Czech footballer, who nowadays serves as a Team Manager at Sparta Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="21384012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384012" title="Banking in Iraq">
Banking in Iraq

Banking in Iraq roots from the beginnings of last century.
Iraq's two state-owned banks are the largest banks in Iraq.
Private Banks.
Iraq has many private banks that are operating today in many Governorates in Iraq
Supervision and regulation.
The Central Bank of Iraq supervises Iraqi banks.

</doc>
<doc id="21384018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384018" title="André Auffray">
André Auffray

André Auffray (born 2 September 1884 in Puteaux, France died 3 November 1953) was a racing cyclist from France.
He competed for France in the 1908 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom in the tandem sprint event where, together with his partner Maurice Schilles, he finished in first place and in the 5000 metres event where he finished in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="21384037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384037" title="Maurizio Ceresoli">
Maurizio Ceresoli

Maurizio Ceresoli (born 25 May 1983 in Modena) is an Italian auto racing driver.
His first serious racing came in 2002, with the Italian Formula Ford Series. In his first season he finished as runner-up. One more year was spent in the championship, where he finished fifth on points, before moving on to the Italian Formula Three Championship in 2004. Two seasons were spent here, finishing ninth in his first year, and fifth in 2005, both times for the Passoli Team.
WTCC.
In 2006, he competed in the FIA World Touring Car Championship, driving a full season for the independent GR Asia Team in a SEAT Toledo. From round thirteen, he switched car to a newly built SEAT Leon. His best placed finish was a fourteenth in race one at Brands Hatch. He ended the year fifth in the Yokohama Independents Trophy. For 2007 he remained with GR Asia in the Leon, but did not drive until round five at Valencia. He has also driven in the European Touring Car Cup.
Racing record.
Complete World Touring Car Championship results.
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="21384061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384061" title="In Space">
In Space

In Space is the fourth studio album by the American rock group Big Star, released in 2005. It was the first new studio recording by the band since "Third/Sister Lovers", which was recorded in 1974.
The album featured original Big Star members Alex Chilton and Jody Stephens, with two more recent recruits, Jon Auer and Ken Stringfellow. Auer and Stringfellow had been members of The Posies before joining Big Star for sporadic live performances and tours since 1993. Big Star did not tour in support of the album.
"Mine Exclusively" was originally recorded by The Olympics in 1966.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Auer, Chilton, Stephens, and Stringfellow, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="21384063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384063" title="Icardo Center">
Icardo Center

Icardo Center is a 3,800-seat multi-purpose arena in Bakersfield, California. It is home to the California State University, Bakersfield, men's basketball (although some games are played in nearby Rabobank Arena), women's basketball, women's volleyball and wrestling teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21384082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384082" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2004)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2004)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 2004, by order of first appearance.
Eric Garside.
Eric Garside, played by Peter Kay, appeared on 30 January 2004. Eric is a drayman who arrives at the Rovers Return Inn in January 2004 for a date with Shelley Unwin (Sally Lindsay). He immediately reclaims £10 that Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey) had borrowed four years earlier. Eric takes Shelley to a posh restaurant and the pair then go back to Eric's house for a cup of tea. Eric's overbearing mother, Dolly, greets them in her dressing gown and Shelley beats a hasty retreat, refusing Eric's offer of another date. She advises him to cut the apron strings before asking another girl out.
Amy Barlow.
Amy Barlow (née Patience Cropper), played by Elle Mulvaney, made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 9 February 2004. To date, the character has been portrayed by six child actors; Holly Bowyer, Rebecca Pike, Louisa Morris, Madison Hampson, Amber Chadwick and Mulvaney. Hampson quit "Coronation Street" in 2006 after her parents felt the role was "too harrowing." Chadwick took over the part when she was two-years-old and filmed her first scenes in March 2006. Although Amy's surname has stayed Barlow, Chadwick was credited as Amy McDonald for three episodes from 2009 to 2010. Mulvaney has been nominated for Best Young Actor at the Inside Soap Awards in 2010, 2011 and 2012.
After a one-night stand with Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson), Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) falls pregnant. However, Tracy drugs Roy Cropper and pretends that she has had sex with him, leading him to believe he is the father. Tracy offers to sell her baby to Roy and his wife, Hayley (Julie Hesmondhalgh), and they accept. Roy marries Tracy to ensure he would be named the baby's carer. Tracy gives birth to a daughter and she is called Patience by Roy and Hayley. Tracy later changes her mind and demands her daughter back during Steve's wedding, admitting that he is the father. Roy and Hayley hand her back and Tracy renames her Amy. Steve's wife, Karen (Suranne Jones), resents Amy's presence, even causing a fight at her christening. Karen later steals Tracy's car, unaware Amy is in the back. She burns the car, making Tracy believe that Amy is still in it when she is actually safe. Tracy murders Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward) and she is sent to jail. Amy moves in with Steve and his mother Liz (Beverley Callard) at the Rovers Return Inn. Amy is almost knocked down by Harry Mason (Jack Ellis) while she is meant to be looked after by Darryl Morton (Jonathan Dixon).
Steve marries Becky Granger (Katherine Kelly), who cares for Amy as if she was her own daughter. When Amy is bullied about Tracy, Becky tells her about Tracy being in prison and they later visit her. Amy's great-grandmother Blanche (Maggie Jones) dies, upsetting her. Becky looks after Amy and she ties a picture to a balloon for Blanche. Tracy attends Blanche's funeral and is reunited with Amy, who is initially frightened of her. Amy is upset further when Tracy attacks Becky. Tracy is freed and visits Amy, who tells her about Steve and Becky buying Max Turner (Harry McDermott). Amy moves in with Tracy at the Barlow house. Amy goes to Blackpool with Steve and Tracy. When she becomes fed up with them arguing, she runs off. Amy is eventually found and the family spend the night in Blackpool, after Steve's car is towed away. Amy is diagnosed with a dairy allergy after she ends up in hospital. Amy starts deliberately making herself ill, so Steve will come around and look after her with Tracy. Tracy and Steve are mortified when Amy admits she has been drinking milk on purpose in a bid for more attention. Steve leaves Amy with Ken's grandson James (James Roache), when he has a work problem to deal with. James asks Amy to go upstairs, but she overhears his conversation with a surveyor. James threatens to put Tracy in prison if Amy tells anyone. A few days later, Amy tells Tracy and James insists she is making the story up. Tracy and Amy then leave for London for a few weeks.
On their return, Tracy announces she is pregnant and she and Steve start a proper relationship. Amy is excited to have two new siblings and her mother and father back together. Amy acts in the local nativity play and she asks to visit Becky, following a fire at her flat. Amy acts as bridesmaid at Tracy and Steve's wedding, but her parents split up shortly afterwards. Steve divides the house in two, with Amy living upstairs with Tracy. When Steve cuts the electricity, Tracy asks Ken (William Roache) and Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) to look after Amy. Steve later removes the partition and moves out, leaving Amy and Tracy to live with Beth Tinker (Lisa George) and her son. Lesley Kershaw (Judy Holt) takes Amy to the park. Steve catches up with them and brings Amy home to a worried Tracy. Amy notices her pocket money has gone missing from her piggy bank, but Tracy does not believe her. It later transpires that Amy's cousin Simon (Alex Bain) stole it along with Aadi Alahan's (Zennon Ditchett) game console. Amy and Tracy are left homeless when Steve decides to sell number 13, but they eventually move in with Tracy's godmother Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire) and Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden). However they are kicked out again when Tracy ruins Norris' shoes unaware that they were actually Emily's late husband Ernest Bishop's (Stephen Hancock). Ken refuses to take Tracy in however makes Amy as an exception, but Tracy refuses to separate from Amy. Tracy complains of stomach pains but everyone refuses to believe her knowing her manipulative personality. However Deirdre, Ken and Amy later find her on the floor collapsed and is rushed to hospital. Tracy tells Amy that she and Steve are reuniting, but witnesses Steve kissing his former girlfriend Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). Upset and confused, she tells Deirdre. 
Amy eventually bonds with Michelle and accepts her and Steve's relationship. When Tracey begins a relationship with Rob Donovan, she starts bunking off to stay at his flat. Ken and Deirdre accuse Tracey of neglect and she goes to live with Steve, Michelle and Michelle's son Ryan in their small 2 bedroom flat and Amy has to sleep on a sofa bed in the lounge. However, when Stella Price puts Steve's former pub The Rovers up for sale, he buys it back from her and Ryan goes to live in Ibiza. Amy's gran Liz returns as landlady of the Rovers and she also lives there. She stays with Ken, Deirdre and Tracey twice a week but Tracey usually stays at Rob's flat for the rest of the time.
Yvonne Casey.
Yvonne Casey is the mother of Claire Peacock (Julia Haworth). Little is known about her, but during Claire's battle with post-natal depression, Yvonne admitted she had not been close enough to Claire as a child. She occasionally appears to babysit Freddie (Niall Beresford) and Joshua (Benjamin Beresford) and to support Claire during marital crises with Ashley (Steven Arnold).
In September 2006, Claire begins leaving home every day, telling Ashley that Yvonne has terminal cancer and needs her care. After several weeks, Yvonne shows up at Ashley's butcher shop, telling Ashley she'd been away learning yoga techniques. She is shocked to learn the lies Claire has told, and then works with Ashley to help Claire recover from post-natal depression. In 2007, Claire moves in with Yvonne following an arson attack which damages the Peacock home. She is shown to object to Claire's friendship with Casey Carswell (Zoe Henry). Claire then returns home. In summer 2008 Claire and the kids stay with her while their new home is being renovated. Yvonne made her last appearance in October 2010, when she visits Claire, telling her about her plans to move to France with her new partner.
Claire tries to contact Yvonne in late 2010 to inform her that Ashley has died from injuries sustained during an explosion on Coronation Street. Claire leaves the Street in January 2011, to join Yvonne in France.
Frankie Baldwin.
Francesca "Frankie" Fraser (previously Baldwin) was played by Debra Stephenson.
Glamorous Frankie met her husband Danny (Bradley Walsh) when she worked as a babysitter for his son Jamie (Rupert Hill). Even though he was still married to his first wife Carol, Frankie could not resist sleeping with Danny, as she had fallen in love with him. They had a son of their own, Warren (Danny Young), and she also became close to her stepson Jamie after she married Danny. He cheated on her numerous times, but she continued to forgive him until he cheated on her with Jamie's girlfriend Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson).
Upon entering Weatherfield, Frankie appeared stuck up and prissy, eager for Danny to sell the house they shared in London so they could move into somewhere more suitable. Frankie exploded when she discovered Danny had slept with Sunita Parekh (Shobna Gulati), and declared war on her. This perhaps is what drew her to Sunita's nemesis Maya Sharma (Sasha Behar). However, after learning of Maya's true nature, she apologised to Sunita and forgave her.
After a while, Frankie began to settle into the street more - especially after striking up a bond with Vera Duckworth (Liz Dawn). When Vera was ill, Frankie took care of her by doing her chores for her, filling in her job for her and advised her husband Jack (Bill Tarmey) to be more sensitive and attentive to Vera's needs. This led to Frankie securing a permanent position at the cafe, where she works with enemy Leanne.
Frankie saw Leanne as not worthy for Jamie, and became suspicious of her cheating on him. Frankie discovered Leanne's affair with her husband Danny when Leanne lost her phone. Leanne and Danny had arranged to meet at a hotel but Leanne cancelled at the last minute. Annoyed, Danny rang her phone and said all the things he wanted to do to Leanne - not aware that Frankie was on the other end of the line. Frankie chucked Danny out and from then on she lived with Jamie, and Jamie's mother Carol (Lynne Pearson). But after Carol accused Frankie and Jamie of sleeping with each other, Frankie kicked Carol out, and Carol left the street for good.
Danny, regretting losing her and scared at the thought of spending the rest of his life with Leanne, begged Frankie to take him back. Frankie remained strong and the divorce went ahead, with Frankie moving boyfriend Nathan in just days before. She celebrated her divorce by jetting off alone for a holiday in her newly acquired Villa in Spain.
In October 2006 Frankie's former stepson Jamie declared his love for her at Fred Elliott's (John Savident) funeral and they kissed but the revelation shocked her and drove her back into the arms of ex-husband Danny. However she couldn't resist Jamie's advances and they embarked on a relationship, much to the disgust of the other residents of the street. The news also led to Danny disappearing.
Frankie and Jamie decided to head to Spain to start afresh, but at the last minute on New Year's Eve 2006, Frankie got cold feet. She ended it with a devastated Jamie, and left to stay with a friend in Essex. As she departed in a taxi, Jamie was consoled by friend Sean Tully (Antony Cotton). But the misery wasn't over - at midnight Jamie received a call from father, Danny, telling him he had sold the flat and he was "sorry" to hear about his break up with Frankie.
In 2009, Roy (David Neilson) and Hayley Cropper (Julie Hesmondhalgh) are invited to Frankie's wedding to a footballer in , but they arrive a week late. Frankie lets them stay in her villa while she is honeymooning. As Debra Stephenson did not reprise the role, Frankie goes unseen.
Billy Platt.
William "Billy" Platt was the son of Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien) and Todd Grimshaw (Bruno Langley). Sarah, already a teenage mother, was 16 at the time she conceived Billy, after Todd had suggested the two try for a baby of their own. Sarah was reluctant, and when she discovered her pregnancy she was considering getting an abortion. However, Todd brought Sarah around to the idea of having the baby. On Christmas Day 2003, Nick (Adam Rickitt), Sarah's brother revealed to her mother that his sister was pregnant. By this time Sarah had made a firm decision to keep the baby. For the next few months this caused friction between Gail Platt (Helen Worth) and Sarah. In April 2004, Sarah suffered her first placental abruption, and felt Billy was dead. Once at the hospital it was discovered Billy was fine, however his heart beat was a tad slow. This was caused by some uncertainty within Sarah and Todd's relationship. However, when Todd reveals to Sarah when he is gay, she suffers a second placental abruption on the 1st June 2004, 3 months away from her due date. The abruption was so serious Billy had to be born by Cesarean. His first 24 hours alive were critical, and his father Todd was never granted access to see him. Sarah did not want to allow Todd into Billy, and she didn't want her son either. On the 2nd June, Sarah finally agreed to go and see her son, who was in an incubator. However, Billy's health deteriorated and whilst Sarah was bonding with Billy for the first time, he died. Todd never saw his son alive, apart from a photograph that Gail gave him after the death of her grandson, his son. Sarah continuously blamed herself for his death until his funeral on the 7th June 2004. Despite doubts from the rest of the street's members, Todd finally showed up with his family to say goodbye to his son.
Sarah and Todd regularly visited his grave until they left Weatherfield.
Dr. Patel.
Dr. Patel was first seen when Josephine Lloyd-Welcome played Sunita Alahan's (Shobna Gulati) doctor in 2004, but was not credited as Dr. Patel. She works at Rosamund Street Medical Centre. In 2008, she re-appeared when her receptionist, Gail Platt (Helen Worth) asked her to visit neighbour Jerry Morton (Michael Starke), who had recently suffered a heart attack. She appeared again the following spring, when Gail's boyfriend Joe McIntyre (Reece Dinsdale) suffered a back injury. He visited her several times over the next few months, as he had become addicted to the painkillers she had prescribed to him. Dr. Patel was last seen tending to Sunita's daughter Asha Alahan (Tanisha Gorey) in January 2010.
Warren Baldwin.
Warren Baldwin was played by Danny Young. Warren is the youngest member of the Baldwin family. He is the half-brother of Jamie Baldwin (Rupert Hill) and son of Danny (Bradley Walsh) and Frankie Baldwin (Debra Stephenson). He arrives on the Street to live with his parents after being kicked out of his football club. His mother was disappointed when she found out about this as she had hopes of his fame and fortune. Candice Stowe (Nikki Sanderson) later finds out that he is no longer a footballer and that Warren had been telling lies to impress her, resulting in Candice dumping him. Later Warren joins Weatherfield County FC, and Candice decides that she wants to give him another chance. In August 2005, Warren leaves the Street to launch his football career and start a new life in Spain, leaving Candice behind after they split up again.
He makes a surprise return to Weatherfield on 20 November 2006 when he is back in England for trials with Port Vale, which he fails. Warren moves to Spain again, and in early December 2006 his mother goes to visit him to see if he has heard from father Danny who had left Weatherfield and disappeared. She also reveals her affair with Jamie to him, a revelation which results in Warren falling out with his mother.
Ian Davenport.
Ian Davenport is the father of Gemma, Rosie Webster's (Helen Flanagan) classmate at Oakhill. He first appears on 8 November when Rosie and her family are invited over. The Davenports and the Websters get along very well and Ian soon takes a shine to Rosie's mother, Sally (Sally Dynevor). Sally later takes a job working for Ian at his dealership and they soon begin an affair. When Ian's wife, Justine suspects he is having an affair, Sally gets nervous and tries to end things with Ian. Ian then threatens to make her life miserable at work if she does end the affair. When Sally tells her husband Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) that Ian tried to fire her for refusing to sleep with him, Kevin punches Ian in the mouth and he is not seen again.

</doc>
<doc id="21384083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384083" title="Stella Schindler">
Stella Schindler

Stella Schindler is an American singer-songwriter, from the Washington, D.C. area. Her work has been described as "bluegrass-tinged folk"
Her debut album New Horizon was released in 2001.
She released her second album, "Distant Hum", in 2008. Performing Songwriter Magazine featured the album saying, "With an emotive delivery that at various points brings to mind Marianne Faithfull and Iris Dement under the spell of eerie gothic gloom, Stella Schindler makes a striking impression on Distant Hum"
Stella is also an English teacher at Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School.

</doc>
<doc id="21384087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384087" title="Vincent Descombes Sevoie">
Vincent Descombes Sevoie

Vincent Descombes Sevoie (born January 9 1984 in Chamonix) is a French ski jumper who has competed since 2002. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, he finished ninth in the team large hill, 21st in the individual large hill, and 28th in the individual normal hill events.
Sevoie's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was eighth in the team large hill event at Liberec in 2009.
His best World Cup finish was seventh in the team large hill event at Germany in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21384091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384091" title="Notes from the Midnight Driver">
Notes from the Midnight Driver

Notes From the Midnight Driver is a young adult novel by Jordan Sonnenblick. It was published by Scholastic in 2006. It is Jordan Sonnenblick's second book.
Plot summary.
Alex Gregory is a 16-year-old boy. One night while his mom was on a date because his dad ran off with his third-grade teacher, he decided to get wasted and he took his mom's car to pay his father a visit. The next thing he knows is that he hit a $375 lawn gnome and puked on a police officer. To pay back the $375, plus an extra $125 for his mom's car, Alex has to do 100 hours of community service at a nursing home. He is assigned to an elderly man who has the ability to make a volunteer worker run home in tears. Alex is frustrated by Sol, but the judge will not change his assignment.
Alex's best friend Laurie is a beautiful martial arts master. After meeting her, Sol constantly teases Alex by calling Laurie his wife several times throughout the book. Sol's comments about Laurie makes Alex realize his feelings for her.Alex gets made fun of in Yiddish and has trouble in his life.
One day, Alex decides to play his guitar for Sol and they start to bond; everything is going great between them. Sol even teaches him some valuable lessons, for he was once a successful guitar player. Alex has benefit concerts with Steven and Annette (from Sonnenblick's first book "Drums, Girls, and Dangerous Pie") to give the residents something to look forward to in their boring lives. 
The book is rated a "good read" and some say it should even be a New York Times Best Seller.

</doc>
<doc id="21384102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384102" title="Marcel Gebhardt">
Marcel Gebhardt

Marcel Gebhardt (born 15 September 1979) is a German former football player. He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2. Bundesliga for 1. FC Köln on 1 October 1999 when he came on as a substitute for Dirk Lottner in the 73rd minute in a game against SV Waldhof Mannheim.

</doc>
<doc id="21384132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384132" title="Aeronauticum">
Aeronauticum

Aeronauticum is the official German maritime aircraft museum - located in Nordholz (close to Cuxhaven). The museum has a large collection of aircraft that has been used by the German Marine/Navy, among other places also in the adjacent Nordholz Naval Airbase. The name of the museum derives from Greek ὰήρ āēr which means "air" and ναυτική nautikē which means "navigation, Airmanship", i.e. "navigation of the air".

</doc>
<doc id="21384138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384138" title="Louis Chaillot">
Louis Chaillot

Louis Chaillot (2 March 1914 – 28 January 1998) was a cyclist from France. He was born in Chaumont, France.
He competed for France in the 1932 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, United States in the tandem event where he finished in first place and in the individual sprint event where she finished in second place.
He also competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics held in Berlin, Germany in the individual sprint event but was only able to finish in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="21384148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384148" title="James Otis, Sr.">
James Otis, Sr.

James Otis, Sr. (1702–1778) was a prominent lawyer in the Province of Massachusetts Bay. His sons James Otis, Jr. and Samuel Allyne Otis also rose to prominence, as did his daughter Mercy Otis Warren. He was often called "Colonel James" because of his militia rank and also to distinguish between him and his famous son.
Biography.
Born in Barnstable, Massachusetts, Otis became the undisputed head of the bar in the colony. As a result of his distinguished service, in 1748 Colonel James was appointed Attorney General of the province. Later, in 1762, like his father John (a judge, representative to the Massachusetts Bay General Court, and member of the Council of Massachusetts), he was elected to the Council. Otis expected to be appointed Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, but the position went to Thomas Hutchinson instead, creating enmity between the Otis and Hutchinson families.
As his son James Otis, Jr. rose to prominence, both played a role in passing legislation against the British writs of assistance. His son, however, played a more crucial role in igniting the idea of revolution in the colonies.

</doc>
<doc id="21384152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384152" title="Stripper (tool)">
Stripper (tool)

A stripper, or tube stripper, is a medical tool used for removing air or liquid from rubber tubes, such as those used for infusion or connecting bags used when blood is collected and processed in a blood bank. Its design is similar to a pair of pliers, but the jaws do not quite close (providing space enough for a flattened, empty tube) and have cylinders that can be rolled along the tube similar to the mechanism of a peristaltic pump. A stripper may be used, for instance, to move blood that remains in the tube at the end of a blood collection into the bag, thus avoiding wastage.

</doc>
<doc id="21384169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384169" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2003)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2003)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 2003, by order of first appearance.
Brenda Fearns.
Brenda Fearns was the mother of Neil Fearns, the school boy who got Sarah-Louise Platt pregnant at the age of 13, and fathered Bethany Platt. Brenda did not play any part in Bethany's life until her son died in a car accident in February 2003.
Brenda first appeared during Neil's funeral, where Sarah took Bethany so when she got older Sarah could give her information about her father. Brenda, who felt she had nothing left in the world, latched on to Bethany as she felt she was the only thing left of Neil and Sarah, who was estranged from her mother Gail at the time, was grateful for Brenda's help until she began to tell Bethany that Sarah would no longer love her when she gave birth to her and Todd Grimshaw's child which she was then pregnant with. Sarah was furious and refused to let Brenda see her granddaughter which led to her to kidnapping Bethany from nursery and taking her onto the roof of a church where Brenda planned to commit suicide so she could be reunited with her son. Emily Bishop encouraged her not to go through with her threat and eventually she came to her senses. Brenda was last seen praying in the back of an ambulance.
Bev Unwin.
Beverley "Bev" Unwin was played by Susie Blake. Prior to her arrival on the Street, Bev had owned a pub with her husband, until he died. Bev has two daughters Shelley and Sharon Unwin, who dies in March 2003.
After her daughter Sharon's death, Bev moves into the Rovers Return, where she works as barmaid alongside her daughter Shelley who is pub manageress. While there she has a fling with barman Ciaran McCarthy and later briefly dates Charlie Stubbs before he begins a relationship with Shelley. Bev also spends some time working at The Weatherfield Arms. She gets engaged to Fred Elliott, and is due to marry him in early October 2006 but he dies on their wedding day before the ceremony whilst visiting Audrey Roberts.
Bev never gets over losing Fred before they married, and after controversially dividing his ashes into two halves, presenting Fred's son Ashley Peacock with his share in an instant-gravy jar, she begins to hit the bottle, quite often helping herself to drinks at the bar of the Rovers. When the McDonalds buy the pub from Ashley, who had inherited it from Fred, she moves in with Claire and Ashley, but relationships are strained between them. Bev finally agrees to move away from Weatherfield and joins daughter Shelley at her pub in the Peak District. She moves during Christmas 2006, having scattered Fred's ashes with Ashley.
In May 2011, Deirdre Barlow went to visit Bev, when her absence is explained to Steve. Deirdre also went to visit Bev in September 2012. 
Andy Morgan.
Andy Morgan was one of the brothers of Tom Morgan, a criminal who shot and killed a man in a Sheffield pub where Angela Harris worked. She knew both the victim and the reputation of the Morgan family but gave evidence in court that helped to convict Tom. The Harrises then suffered a campaign of harassment and intimidation from the Morgan family and, in particular Andy and his third brother Nick which culminated in their home being set on fire one night and all their possessions burnt. The police put the Harris family on a witness protection programme and moved them to Weatherfield where, living at 6 Coronation Street, they assumed the surname of "Nelson".
Angela's daughter Katy found cutting off all ties with their previous life difficult and after a few months made contact with two former friends from Sheffield, Louise Crawley and Paul Evanson, with whom she went to an indie gig in Manchester. Although she enjoyed the night out, Katy was unaware that Andy had followed Louise and Paul from across the Pennines and, in turn, he then followed Katy home to Coronation Street. He rang his other brother Nick to say that he'd traced the family to where they were living and the two men made plans to exact their revenge on the Harrises. Carrying hand weapons and unsure of exactly which house their targets occupied they called at No. 13 and were told by Sally Webster where they could find Tommy and Angela who they claimed were their "old friends". Only Katy was at home when the Morgans forced their way in, telling her they would wait for the others to return and that a pub full of people in Sheffield was ready to give them an alibi at the time they would be murdering the Harris family. Katy had recently been diagnosed as being diabetic but the brothers prevented her from taking his insulin shot, realising that if Katy's death appeared to be of natural causes then it could not be blamed on them.
The family was saved when Sally told her husband Kevin about two strange men who had called at their house. He was one of the few residents who knew the "Nelson" family's secret, having threatened to sack Tommy from his garage when he saw that he had a wallet in the name of Harris and assumed he had stolen it. When Sally confirmed that the two men had a Yorkshire accent, Kevin went to check on the house and, unknowingly, came close to being shot by the panicking Morgan brothers within. Kevin returned home and called the police. Tommy, Angela and Craig returned home to find police officers outside and they called for back-up when the situation was explained in full to the Harrises. At that moment, Katy screamed for help and Tommy ran through the police and into the house where a shot rang out. Tommy had been shot in the arm and the Morgan brothers ran out of the back door where Nick was apprehended and disarmed. Andy got away but was tracked down and arrested a few days later.
This was actor Steve Huison's first role on the show. He returned five years later after being cast as series regular Eddie Windass in November 2008.
Tony Stewart.
Tony Stewart made his first screen appearance on 2 March 2003. The character was originally played by Alan Igbon, but Terence Maynard took over the role in 2014. Tony is Jason Grimshaw's (Ryan Thomas) father.
On 15 November 2013, it was announced the Tony would be returning to "Coronation Street" in 2014, with actor Terence Maynard taking over the role from Igbon. Jason's "roguish" father will atrract the attention of Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) when he arrives, but his intentions are soon questioned. David Brown from the "Radio Times" questioned how Eileen (Sue Cleaver) would react to Tony's sudden reappearance in her son's life. While series producer Stuart Blackburn commented "His arrival is going to cause massive ructions for the Grimshaws. He is a man who can be your best friend or your worst enemy – and with a long history of lies and betrayal, this is a guy who has an awful lot of making up to do." Tony's reintroduction came as part of "an increased focus" on the Grimshaw family.
Tony is first seen when Jason and Eileen bump into him in The Rovers. Jason moves in with Tony for a short amount of time, but moves out after Tony's girlfriend Merle becomes unhappy with the situation. Tony is an electrician and does some work on the flat above the bookies when Todd Grimshaw (Bruno Langley) and Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien) are living there. However, his faulty work causes a fire which injures Bethany Platt. Later, when Peter Barlow asks him to sort out the problem that caused the fire, he denies working there before, but Peter eventually discovers the truth. He temporarily moves in with Eileen in No. 11, but she throws him out when she gets fed up with his attitude, although Jason begs her to let him stay. In retaliation, he steals money from Street cars and frames Eileen. When Eileen comes under suspicion for taking the money, Jason tracks Tony down and convinces him to give the money back.
Tony returns to Weatherfield eleven years later and immediately goes to the Grimshaw house to see Jason. He is introduced to Eva Price (Catherine Tyldesley), Jason's girlfriend, and Sean Tully (Antony Cotton), the lodger and family friend of the Grimshaws. 
A few days later, Tony flirts with barmaid Liz, and there is an obvious spark between them. Jason then inadvertently invites Tony to Todd's birthday meal at the Bistro. He causes a stir at the party by turning up late, and also inadvertently insulting guests Marcus Dent (Charlie Condou) and Maria Connor (Samia Ghadie). Eileen is obviously worried about the real reason of his arrival in Weatherfield.
In 2014, Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin, Kal Nazir (Jimi Mistry) and his father, Sharif (Marc Anwar) plan to start up a gym and Jason is intent on building the gym for them. However, they decide on hiring a cheaper firm, much to the annoyance of Jason, who questions his friendship with Dev. Jason confronts Dev in his shop and later begins to ignore him, angry that he would turn a friend down. In an attempt to help his son, Tony breaks into the builders' van and steals all of their equipment, causing them to be unable to continue with the job. Jason is then given the job, however, he is slightly suspicious and asks Eva if she believes his dad had anything to do with the stealing, to which she says no. 
Meanwhile, Liz's son Steve (Simon Gregson) is worried about Tony, believing that he is dodgy and untrustworthy. He tells his mother Liz that he is not happy with them being together. Tony later asks Steve if he is happy with him dating his mother. Steve coyly agrees he is fine with it, but he isn't really.
Sonia Marshall.
Sonia Marshall was played by Tina Gambe. Sonia worked at Mike Baldwin's factory for two years from 2003 to 2005. She had a brief romance with resident Martin Platt, their relationship ended and she decided to become a Red Coat at a holiday camp and left the street for good. Her last episode aired on 18 April 2005. 
Penny King.
Penny King is played by actress Pauline Fleming. She is the wife of local businessman Preston King, who often does business with Mike Baldwin. When Preston dies, Penny becomes friends with Fred Elliot, publican of the Rovers Return, who takes a shine to her and proposes marriage but she turns him down. Penny and Mike become close and a relationship ensues, creating tension between Mike and Fred.
Mike's Alzheimer's creeps in and Mike kicks her out of his flat and her final appearance is at Mike's funeral. Mike's grandson, Jamie Baldwin, works for her clothing company, King's Robes, up until late December 2006. 
Charlie Stubbs.
Charles "Charlie" Nicholson Stubbs was a builder. He arrived in November 2003 and was a regular for three years until his murder in January 2007. Charlie was portrayed by Bill Ward.
Charlie first appears with another builder in 2003, needing a parking space for his bulldozer, but Mike Baldwin refuses to move his car so Charlie lifts Mike's Jaguar up with the bulldozer in response. Mike only just manages to stop his car being smashed.
Charlie initially seems to be a nice person, although a bit of a ladies' man. He flirts with Deirdre Barlow on learning that she works for the council, hoping she'll recommend him for building contracts and has a casual relationship with Bev Unwin. Unfortunately Bev takes the relationship more seriously than he and doesn't react well when he ends it and starts dating her daughter, Shelley Unwin, causing trouble between Bev and Shelley. Struggling to cope with this, Bev leaves for a while and Charlie's relationship with Shelley is happy for a while but slowly his true nature emerges. Although he rarely hurts her physically, Charlie isolates Shelley from her family and friends and as part of a campaign of psychological abuse, Charlie tells Shelley that he heard Sunita Alahan, her best friend, insult her behind her back.
One day, he walks into the Rovers back room just as Shelley is leaving, accidentally giving her a black eye. Knowing what people will think, Charlie asks Shelley to stay out of sight until it heals. She agrees and stays in her bedroom. Charlie, wanting her to be comfortable, moves the sofa and television up from the back room but instead makes her agoraphobic. Initially thrilled that Shelley is solely dependent on him, he soon gets bored. Feeling bad about herself, she refuses to sleep with Charlie so he starts cheating on her by first kissing barmaid Violet Wilson, despite her dating his friend/employee, Jason Grimshaw, and brings another woman back to the Rovers, sleeping with her in the back room and on his stag night.
Shelley's mother, Bev Unwin, despises Charlie as he destroyed their mother-daughter relationship and does her best to split them up. Eventually, Charlie asks Shelley to marry him. She is over the moon and instantly agrees. The wedding takes place in September 2005, but Shelley jilts Charlie at the altar, delighting many Weatherfield residents who are convinced he is abusing her.
They split up and Charlie begins dating Tracy Barlow in December. After a brief relationship, Charlie invites Tracy to move in with him but is not pleased when she brings her daughter, Amy, with her. Charlie refuses to allow Amy to live with them so Tracy leaves Amy with her parents, Ken and Deirdre, but Tracy plans to manipulate Charlie to allow Amy to move in. She tells him she is pregnant, much to his horror, so he gives her the money for an abortion but she spends it on shoes. Following her 'termination', Tracy claims that she needs her daughter so Charlie allows Amy to move in. After Steve McDonald's girlfriend tells him she saw Tracy in a posh shoe shop when she was supposed to be having the termination, Charlie confronts Tracy, who admits her lie. Charlie doesn't end the relationship but takes revenge by throwing away one of the shoes and warns her never to cross him again.
Charlie makes an enemy of pensioner Keith Appleyard, who refuses to pay a roofing bill, feeling it is too expensive so Charlie removes the roof tiles and on learning that the house is for sale, meets Keith's landlord to make him an offer which is accepted. Charlie triumphantly evicts Keith, forcing him and his grandson, Craig, to leave Weatherfield. When Keith leaves, Charlie plans to renovate the property and sell it but Tracy convinces him that they should move in and rent out the flat, to which he eventually agrees.
In summer 2006, Shelley is leaving for a new life in Derbyshire but Charlie plans to sleep with her to prove that he will always have a hold over her. He succeeds and gleefully informs Shelley of his motives following their one night stand. A guilty Shelley reveals the fling to Tracy, who slaps her on finding out. Charlie denies it but Tracy doesn't believe him. However, at her leaving party, Shelley's mother, Bev, is heartbroken when she finds out and attempting to calm Bev, Shelley tells her it was a ploy to end his relationship with Tracy. On finding out, Tracy humiliates Shelley in front of a packed Rovers before reuniting with Charlie. Shelley returns in September and reveals that she is expecting a baby. Bev realizes that Charlie is the father and tells Deirdre who then tells Tracy, which results in another fight between them. Charlie demands Shelley have an abortion but she refuses, telling him he will never know her child and leaves for good, leaving Tracy and Charlie's relationship in tatters. Tracy eventually forgives Charlie but warns him that if he ever cheats on her again, she would make him suffer. Charlie doesn't take her seriously though and rents his flat to hairdresser Maria Sutherland and they begin an affair in August 2006. Charlie lies about the state of his and Tracy's relationship and stages a burglary, attempting to make her dependent on him but loses control when David Platt, then infatuated with Maria, discovers the affair. David attempts to blackmail Charlie so Charlie tries to drown him but Maria finds out and rescues David. Horrified, Maria ends the affair and tells Tracy the truth, leading to a catfight on the Street. Enraged that Charlie has betrayed her again, Tracy begins plotting Charlie's downfall, coming up with a plan to make it look like he is domestically abusing her and succeeds in convincing Claire Peacock, their next door neighbour to keep a diary of times when Charlie bullies, threatens or hurts her, her family and the police get involved so Charlie asks Tracy to leave but she refuses, threatening to have an affair herself so when he finds Peter Barlow, in the shower, Charlie thinks Tracy is having an affair and assaults him badly and is jailed for a night. He wakes up in the cells the next day and while he's on trial, Claire and Tracy talk about the 'abuse' but Charlie catches her in the house and throws Claire out. Later, Charlie says he's got five days of community service before getting drunk to the song 'Whatever' by Oasis. Tracy turns up the music so Claire thinks that Charlie's being mean to Tracy and chasing her up and down the stairs. Just as Charlie is about to throw Tracy out, she lures him into a lap-dance. He sits down to watch her but Tracy attacks him with an iron statue, severely injuring him and Tracy tells Charlie how much she hates him for what he's done to her and hits him again, knocking him unconscious. Tracy then puts a large knife in Charlie's hand, stabbing herself and trashing the room to make it look like they had a fight. Unfortunately Tracy's plan is unsuccessful as the police don't believe her version of events and arrest her as Charlie is still alive and she fears that Charlie will wake up and tell everyone the truth. However, he dies later that week and despite putting on a good front for the lawyer specialising in domestic abuse, is found guilty and is sentenced to 15 years. Much to everyone's surprise, Tracy's conviction is later quashed after it is revealed that the chief pathologist on the case is discovered to have fraudulent qualifications.
On 9 April 2007, it is revealed that Charlie Stubbs is the father of Holly Grimshaw. Holly's mother, Emma, gives Eileen her baby on Christmas Day 2006, thinking Jason is the father. Emma later reveals that Charlie gave a false name on the night they met. Consequently, Emma takes her baby to the Grimshaw residence, believing she is leaving her child with the father. However, after reading about Tracy's trial in the press, Emma realises her mistake and Holly is returned to her.
Although primarily remembered as a villain, Charlie did occasionally show a more good-natured side of his personality - most notably, when he risked his life to save Sunita Alahan by running into a burning building and rescuing her after she and Dev were held hostage by Maya Sharma, and then running out into the road to stop Maya running Dev over minutes later. He also helped Roy Cropper when he was being bullied by fellow builder Vince, by punching Vince, sacking him and telling him to leave the area.
Karl Foster.
Karl Foster was an overly confident nurse who was the best friend of Katy Harris. He was openly homosexual. Karl was also good friends with current Corrie Street resident Sean Tully. He was the second gay character to ever appear in the long running soap. He was fun loving and arrogant, yet had a soft side for friends.
In 2004, he embarked on a gay relationship with fellow resident Todd Grimshaw. Their clandestine affair remained a secret until Todd revealed to his girlfriend Sarah Platt that he was gay and that, in fact, Karl and he had been seeing each other. Because Todd could not choose between Karl and Sarah, Karl ended his and Todd's relationship.
Following the revelation, Martin, Sarah's adoptive father attacked Karl in the hospital corridor, which was captured on CCTV and later replayed to Martin when he was in the frame for murdering neighbour Tommy Harris the following year. When Todd's newborn son Billy died, Karl returned to Coronation Street to visit Todd. It was his final appearance on the cobbles to date. According to Inside Soap in 2004, a petition with 10,000 signatures was launched to get Karl back in the show, but nothing ever materialised.

</doc>
<doc id="21384185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384185" title="Jonathan Woodner Company">
Jonathan Woodner Company

The Jonathan Woodner Company is a real estate development and management company founded in 1944 by Ian Woodner. Their holdings consist of approximately 2,500 residential rental units and interests in commercial real estate. The Company has built and maintained an interest in residential and commercial properties in New York, the District of Columbia and Atlanta over more than a half century. The company was named for Ian Woodner's infant son, Jonathan Woodner who later joined the business along with his sisters, Dian and Andrea. Jonathan Woodner died in an airplane crash in Maryland in 1988. 
Mr. Woodner began building houses in Wilmington, Delaware, and later concentrated on Washington, DC and the New York metropolitan region, where his company erected housing complexes in Manhattan, Flushing, Queens and Yonkers.
The firm is currently headquartered in New York, New York at 745 5th Avenue, Suite 902, New York, NY 10151. They have additional locations at:

</doc>
<doc id="21384198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384198" title="Per Bjørang">
Per Bjørang

Per Andris Bjørang (born 31 January 1948) is a former Norwegian speed skater and Sprint World Champion. At the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo he finished 4th in the 500 metres. He became World Champion in sprint in 1974.
His highest placement on the "Sprint Adelskalender" was number five, in 1976. He was born in Lillehammer and represented the club Oslo IL.

</doc>
<doc id="21384212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384212" title="EGolf Professional Tour">
EGolf Professional Tour

The eGolf Professional Tour, formerly the Tarheel Tour, is a third-level men's professional golf tour based in Charlotte, North Carolina with about twenty tournaments conducted annually in the states of North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia and Georgia.
The Tarheel Tour was founded in 2002 by Paul Wortham and David Siegel. It was purchased by Five Oaks Capital in August 2008 and renamed the eGolf Professional Tour the following year. In its first season, the tour had ten tournaments and $234,000 in prize money. In 2008 the Tour expanded to 19 tournaments with a total purse of over $2.4 million. Following the takeover by eGolf, prize money has increased significantly and the tour was slated to pay out over $4.5 million in 19 tournaments during 2009. Prize money varies between $220,000 and $300,000 each week, and is funded in part by the players' entry fees.
As a development tour, the eGolf Professional Tour is designed to be a stepping stone for players trying to ascend to higher level tours. Many players on the tour have gone on to play on the second tier Web.com Tour, and a few have reached the top level on the PGA Tour, including Will MacKenzie, Steve Marino, Jason Bohn, Tommy Gainey, Matt Bettencourt, David Mathis, and Roberto Castro. In July 2013, eGolf named Seth Kaplan the tour's Mental Conditioning Coach to help players with their mental skills in performing under stress. 
The eGolf Tour reimburses the top twenty money earners (provided they compete in at least twelve events) the fees for the PGA Tour's qualifying school and distributes a number of exemptions for Nationwide Tour events [http://www.egolfprofessionaltour.com/faq]. 

</doc>
<doc id="21384213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384213" title="Pico do Monte Negro">
Pico do Monte Negro

Pico do Monte Negro is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul, at . 
It is located in the canyon of same name, more precisely at the city of São José dos Ausentes. The peak is considered easy to reach. By car, it is possible to reach the base of the mountain, with the rest of the way being travelled by foot.
All the mountain and its surroundings are covered by a dense Araucaria forest.

</doc>
<doc id="21384217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384217" title="Association of Moving Image Archivists">
Association of Moving Image Archivists

The Association of Moving Image Archivists (AMIA) is a 501(c) not-for-profit organization established to advance the field of moving image archiving by fostering cooperation among individuals and organizations concerned with the acquisition, description, preservation, exhibition and use of moving image materials.
History.
Since the late 1960s, representatives from moving image archives have recognized the value of regular meetings to exchange practical information and experiences.Over the years, this group of archivists originally known as the Film and Television Archives Advisory Committee (F/TAAC) expanded from a handful of participants to several hundred archivists from over 100 national, regional and local institutions. In 1990, the name of the group was changed to the Association of Moving Image Archivists. In 1991, AMIA voted to formalize as an individual-based member-based professional association, the only one of its kind in the moving image archival field. Although AMIA's office is based in the US, its membership is now drawn from across the world. Further information on the origins and history of AMIA can be found here.
Membership.
Membership is open to anyone who has an interest in the preservation of moving images and associated sound recordings: in practice, most of the membership are professional archivists (both public sector and commercial) and people working in associated professions, e.g. librarianship, the film and television industry or academics in related fields. AMIA offers both individual and institutional membership.
Governing structure.
AMIA is governed by a Board of Directors, which is elected by the membership on a two-year cycle, and chaired by a president. The Board oversees and ratifies the work of the sub-groups through which the work of the organization is undertaken. The last significant changes to the governing structure were undertaken in 2009, when the present structure of committees and task forces was introduced.
Committees and Task Forces.
AMIA is a volunteer based organization and projects rely on work done by its members in Committees and Task Forces. More information about AMIA's Committees can be found here.
Activities.
Annual Conference.
One of the principal activities undertaken by AMIA is the annual conference, which takes place each fall at a different city in North America. Recent conferences have occurred in Austin, Texas, and Seattle, Washington, with the 2013 Conference scheduled for November 6-9 in Richmond, Virginia, and the 2014 Conference scheduled for October of 2014 in Savannah, Georgia. For more information see here: http://www.amiaconference.com
The Reel Thing Technical Symposium.
Dedicated to presenting the latest technologies in audiovisual restoration and preservation. The Reel Thing brings together a unique line up of laboratory technicians, archivists, new media technologists and preservationists. The Reel Thing Technical Symposium is organized and coordinated by Grover Crisp and Michael Friend.
Since 2008, The Reel Thing: Los Angeles has offered two days of presentations and screenings each August. In addition, a half day event is held in conjunction with the AMIA Annual Conference. For more information: http://www.the-reel-thing.org
Digital Asset Management Symposium.
DAS offers in-depth, real world information on an ever-advancing technology. Case studies offer a broad mix of institutions, providing a unique opportunity to compare approaches in different communities. This real-life approach brings together content creators, caretakers and vendors to address the realities with which we are all faced, what works in "theory", and what works in the real world.
Festival of the Archives Film Festival.
AMIA's Festival of the Archives celebrates the work done by media archives in their efforts to preserve history and cultural heritage. The festival offers attendees quality films that highlight preservation and restoration efforts a wide spectrum of archival materials - feature films, documentaries, animation, historical footage, and commercial video. The inaugural festival was held in December, 2012 in conjunction with the SIFF Cinema Uptown in Seattle, Washington. Plans for a 2014 Festival are underway.
E-mail Discussion List and Online Forum.
AMIA operates an E-mail discussion list, known as AMIA-L to facilitate professional communication within the field. Subscription is open to AMIA members and non-members, and is free of charge. Topics that frequently arise in online discussion include news stories and media coverage related to moving image archiving, technical issues, requests for information about specific films or archive footage for re-use in TV productions, copyright and media history in general. The AMIA-L generates approximately 10-15 postings a day. All AMIA-L postings are archived online and available for public access. AMIA also operates a member list-serv to which only its members may subscribe.
DEEP FOCUS: A Directory to Moving Image Resources.
Developed by AMIA's Access Committee, the DEEP FOCUS portal is an inclusive outreach tool designed to provide academics, archivists, artists, curators, educators, exhibitors, filmmakers, programmers, researchers and students with a user-friendly and centralized means of global discovery – interconnecting a disparate labyrinth of invaluable moving image catalogs, services, resources, websites and related information.
DEEP FOCUS welcomes a diverse range of entries into the directory. If your institution or company collects or works with moving images and/or provides services related to the field, your entry is integral to the success of the portal. You can find DEEP FOCUS here
Publications.
The AMIA Newsletter is published electronically four times per year. It provides up-to-date information about the association and its activities, as well as regular columns and features and resources of interest to moving image archivists.
"The Moving Image" is a peer-reviewed academic journal that explores topics relevant to both the media archivist and the media scholar. The Moving Image deals with crucial issues surrounding the preservation, archiving, and restoration of film, video, and digital moving images. It is edited by Susan Ohmer and Don Crafton and published by University of Minnesota Press.
"The AMIA Tech Review", edited by Ralph Sargent and published electronically, provides a timely technical review oriented to those things new and old which will or have already impacted work in the field.
Scholarship and Internship Programs.
The training of moving image archivists is central to AMIA's role as a professional organization and essential to the long-term survival of our moving image heritage. To this end, in addition to workshops and symposia, AMIA offers annual scholarships for students in education and training programs geared to the profession. In addition, AMIA offers the Image Permanence Institute Internship in Preservation Research, offering a student of merit who is committed to the preservation of moving images the opportunity to acquire practical experience in preservation research.
Professional Programs.
AMIA supports a number of public and professional programs to promote education and foster cooperation and communication among the individuals and organizations concerned with the acquisition, preservation, description, exhibition, and use of moving image materials.
As an international organization, AMIA offers two programs to encourage professional exchange and enhance professional development to professional archivists from the developing world. More information can be found here: http://www.amianet.org/programs-and-initiatives/list-of-programs
The Your Archive Deserves Advocacy! initiative offers three annual awards in an effort focused on promoting the people and stories behind archives as well as providing resources that support advocacy.
Community Travel Grants were established to pay tribute to the work of AMIA members, and offer colleagues, friends and families a way to honor contributions to the moving image field. The Fund provides travel funding for the AMIA Annual Conference.
AMIA provides workshops covering a range of archival activities. Workshops are offered primarily in conjunction with the annual conference, but AMIA also offers regional workshops when possible. Recent workshops have included: Digital 101, Cataloging & Metadata, Kodak Imaging Technology and Workflow Options; Safeguarding Your Audio Visual Assets; Archival Film Presentation for Projectionists and Access Copy Production for Archivists.
Screenings and Events.
In addition to the three key events listed, AMIA organises a number of special screenings and workshops that celebrate the preservation and restoration work done by archivists worldwide.
Outreach.
As an NGO (non-governmental organization) AMIA has consultative status with UNESCO and has coordinated on international events and presented at UNESCO events - most recently at the Memory of the World Programme Conference in Vancouver, British Columbia.
In addition, AMIA is affiliated with, and undertakes joint activities with, a number of organizations and projects worldwide. As the current chair of the Coordinating Council of Audiovisual Archives Association, AMIA works with other international audiovisual archives associations to promote the work done by archivists and to influence the development of public policy on issues of importance to the preservation of our audiovisual heritage.
On October 27 each year AMIA members participate in and promote the World Day for Audiovisual Heritage. In 2006 at its 33rd session the General Conference of UNESCO declared 27 October as World Day for Audiovisual Heritage. It is a unique occasion to raise awareness of the importance of sounds and images as a source of history of the last 150 years and of the importance of preserving them and making them accessible to whoever is interested in their content.
AMIA participation also includes the following: a founding member of NAANICA (North American Archival Network), a branch of ICA; a founding member of the United States Committee of the Blue Shield, a branch of International Committee of the Blue Shield; representation on the National Film Preservation Board; a member of the Digital Promise coalition; and maintains relationships with more than a dozen organizations with similar missions.
Awards.
AMIA Awards recognize outstanding professional achievement in and contributions to the field of moving image archiving.

</doc>
<doc id="21384226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384226" title="Lectionary 3">
Lectionary 3

Lectionary 3, designated by siglum ℓ "3" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). 
It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. Scrivener dated to the 10th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, and Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with lacunae. The text is written in Greek uncial letters, on 281 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 19 lines per page. Three leaves at the end lost. It contains coloured and gilt illuminationsand capitals, and red crosses for stops. It contains full Menologion.
The style of handwriting of this codex bears a striking general resemblance to that of three Gospel manuscripts of the 10th and 11th centuries: Codex Cyprius, Lectionary 296, and ℓ "1599".
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Alexander from Corinth. The manuscript was brought to England from Zante by George Wheeler, archaeologist, in 1676 with two other copies (68 and 95).
It was examined by John Mill, Wettstein, Scholz, and William Hatch.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Lincoln College (Gr. II. 15) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21384233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384233" title="Michael Rösele">
Michael Rösele

Michael Rösele (born 7 October 1974 in Augsburg) is a retired German football player. He played for seven seasons with 1. FC Köln, including five in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="21384234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384234" title="Paul Fewings">
Paul Fewings

Paul John Fewings (born 18 February 1978) is an English former footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for Hull City. He went on to play non-league football for
Hereford United, Boston United, Kingstonian on loan,
Farnborough Town on loan,
Chesham United, Hendon on loan,
Billericay Town,
Bishop's Stortford on loan,
Chesham United again,
Kettering Town, 
Cambridge City 
and Bedford Town.

</doc>
<doc id="21384258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384258" title="Oppland County Municipality">
Oppland County Municipality

Oppland County Municipality () is the regional governing administration of Oppland, Norway. The main responsibilities of the county municipality includes the running of 13 upper secondary schools. It administrates county roadways, public transport, dental care, culture and cultural heritage. Public transport is managed through OpplandsTrafikk.
Schools.
The county municipality runs the following schools:

</doc>
<doc id="21384267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384267" title="Ministry of Finance (Iraq)">
Ministry of Finance (Iraq)

The Ministry of Finance is the Iraq government agency responsible for finance of Iraq and banks.

</doc>
<doc id="21384323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384323" title="Edward Sullivan Murphy">
Edward Sullivan Murphy

Edward Sullivan Murphy PC(NI) KC (3 February 1880–3 December 1945) was an Irish barrister, judge and politician. He was brother-in-law to Northern Ireland's first Lord Chief Justice, Sir Denis Henry, Bt. (they both married daughters of Lord Justice Holmes).
He was educated at Charterhouse School, Surrey, and Trinity College, Dublin where he studied Classics. He was called to the Irish Bar in 1903 and the English Bar in 1921.
He was elected to the Northern Ireland Senate as an Ulster Unionist Party member on 22 March 1929, but resigned on 11 April of the same year in order to contest the City of Londonderry seat at the Northern Ireland general election, 1929. He thus had the shortest term of any Senator in Northern Ireland.
Murphy won the seat, and held it at subsequent elections. He served as Attorney General for Northern Ireland from 1937–1939, and resigned from the office and from Parliament upon appointment as a Lord Justice of Appeal in 1939, as which he served until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="21384373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384373" title="James Arbuckle">
James Arbuckle

James Arbuckle (1700 – 1742?) was an Irish poet and critic, associated politically with Presbyterianism and Whiggism.
His birthplace was possibly Belfast, but he was the son of a Presbyterian minister in Dublin, and educated at Glasgow University, where his studies were disrupted by his struggles against Calvinist authorities (concerning the right of students to cast votes for the university's rectorship). His first published work was "Snuff" (1717), a mock-epic, which won praise from Allan Ramsay. It was followed by "Glotta, or, the Clyde" (1721), a tribute to Scottish life and scenery in which the most ordinary topics (such as golf and swimming) are depicted in high-flown language.
In 1723 he returned to Dublin, where, under the patronage of Robert Molesworth, he edited the "Weekly Journal", "The Tribune" and "Hibernicus's Letters" (a journal of essays later republished in two volumes, 1729).
In 1735 he published a scathing satirical attack on Jonathan Swift entitled "Momus Mistaken" with which he inadvertently dented his own reputation. He intended to publish translations of classical works but nothing came of these plans; he became a schoolmaster in northern Ireland and his later life is obscure.
His death has been given various dates between 1734 and 1747.

</doc>
<doc id="21384377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384377" title="Alfred Beebe Caywood">
Alfred Beebe Caywood

Alfred Beebe Caywood (January 22, 1910 – May 23, 1991) was a record-breaking Canadian aviator.
Biography.
Born January 22, 1910 at Oelrich, South Dakota, USA, Alfred Beebe (Alf) Caywood relocated with his family to Edmonton, Alberta in 1911. In 1925, he graduated from the McTavish Business College, subsequently becoming comptroller of a mine in the Coal Branch and later working with the Alberta Land Titles and Provincial Income Tax. in 1933, he became a prospector in British Columbia, northern Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories. He decided to take up flying in support of this career, but after receiving pilot's certification in 1937 took a job as a pilot with Canadian Airways. When Canadian Pacific Airlines was formed, he became one of their leading pilots in the Yukon, Alaska and the Northwest Territories.
In 1944, Caywood became involved with air services for Eldorado Mining and Refining, resupplying the uranium mine on Great Bear Lake as part of the Manhattan Project. He acquired a Douglas DC-3 for Eldorado, the first to be licensed commercially, using it to haul freight and passengers. During this time of his career, he set a number of records in aviation. In 1958, Eldorado formed subsidiary Eldorado Aviation, bringing on Caywood as President and General Manager, a position he maintained until his retirement in 1965. During his retirement, Caywood was an aviation consultant for the World Bank. He died on May 23, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21384389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384389" title="Lectionary 4">
Lectionary 4

Lectionary 4, designated by siglum ℓ "4" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels John, Matthew, and Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). The text is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 199 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 24-25 lines per page. It contains musical notes.
It contains synaxaria and Menologion. The pericope John 8:1-12 (not 8:3-11) is included. 
The manuscript was examined by John Mill. 
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Cambridge University Library (Dd. 8.49) at Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="21384394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384394" title="Jean Cugnot">
Jean Cugnot

Jean Cugnot (3 August 1899 – 25 June 1933) was a racing cyclist from France.
He competed for France in the 1924 Summer Olympics held in Paris, France in the tandem event where he finished in first place and in the individual sprint event where he finished in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="21384396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384396" title="No Regrets (Dope album)">
No Regrets (Dope album)

No Regrets is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Dope. The album was released on March 10, 2009. The album debuted at #88 with 6,200 copies sold in its first week, making it the highest-charted album in the band's history, even though "American Apathy" sold nearly 3,000 more copies during its first week of release.
Track listing.
All songs by Edsel Dope except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="21384458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384458" title="Thomas Johnson (cyclist)">
Thomas Johnson (cyclist)

Horace Thomas Johnson (30 December 1886 – 12 August 1966) was a cyclist from Great Britain. He was born in Fulham, United Kingdom.
Johnson was often referred to as Tiny Johnson or H. T. Tiny Johnson. He won three silver medals at the Olympic games: the tandem race at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, plus both the individual sprint the team pursuit at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium.
Career.
Johnson took up cycle racing in 1905 when he joined Putney A.C. at the age of 17. By the age of 20, in 1908, he won a silver medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, competing with Frederick (E.G.) Hamlin in the 2,000 metre tandem race.
In 1911 he won 32 races in top-class company.
At the 1920 Summer Olympics held in Antwerp, he won the silver medal after finishing second in the 1,000 metre individual sprint with a time of 15.1 seconds, identical to Harry Ryan who was awarded the bronze medal. The following day, August 10, Johnson was a member of the British team in the Men's team pursuit. The team, which also included Cyril Alden, William Stewart, and Albert White, finished in the silver medal position with a time of 5 minutes 13.8 seconds.
In 1922, at the World Amateur Track Championships in Paris, he won the men's sprint title, beating the Olympic champion Maurice Peeters and team-mate W. Ormston.
Awards.
Golden Book.
Johnson's achievements were celebrated in 1949 when Cycling Weekly awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="21384461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384461" title="Brooke Waggoner">
Brooke Waggoner

Brooke Waggoner is an American singer-songwriter from New Orleans, Louisiana, who resides in Nashville, Tennessee.
Biography.
Waggoner was born May 30, 1984 in Houston, Texas to Lewis Earl and Kris Allyn (Kulcke) Waggoner. She comes from a classical music background with 17 years of formal training. She graduated with a music composition and orchestration degree from Louisiana State University in 2006. After graduating, she left for Nashville and began developing her current music. 
Waggoner has released three albums independently, with all music being fully written, orchestrated, and arranged by her. Her debut release was an EP titled "Fresh Pair of Eyes" (2007) called "of the most exciting releases to come out of America in 2007" by the [http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/music/article3805208.ece "London Sunday Times". After touring nationally through the Spring 2008, she released her second album, "Heal for the Honey", in the fall of that year. The album debuted at #1 on the iTunes Singer/Songwriter charts and Waggoner continued touring nationally with such artists as Copeland, Bell X1, Owen, Paper Route, Unwed Sailor, and others. In 2009, Waggoner produced her third album, "Go Easy Little Doves". The album was released in the Fall 2009 and also debuted at #1 on the iTunes Singer/Songwriter charts. Waggoner spent Fall and Spring 2010 on tour with such artists as Owl City, Rocky Votolato, and Denison Witmer. 
Waggoner was nominated for an Independent Music Award for "Best Folk/Singer-Songwriter Album" in 2009. Also in the fall of 2009, Waggoner won the Nashville Music Award for "NBN Emerging Artist" of the year.
Waggoner has been a part of the long running and award winning radio show "NPR's Mountain Stage", appearing multiple times with acts such as The Hold Steady, Jerry Douglas, Crooked Still, and others. 
Her music has appeared on numerous TV shows such as ABC Family's "Greek, Kyle XY, & Pretty Little Liars" as well as CBS's "Ghost Whisperer", ABC's "Grey's Anatomy", and Lifetime's "Army Wives".
Waggoner released her first DVD, entitled "And the World Opened Up", in Fall 2010. It contains a live performance recorded at Nashville's Art House America in late 2009. Waggoner's music from "Go Easy Little Doves" is presented for the first time with a complete live orchestra. The DVD also features biographical interviews with Waggoner, footage of her musical development, and animated sections. Production is credited to Charlie Peacock.
Waggoner also produced records for other artists, including the 2010 vinyl release of "The Sower" by The Champion & His Burning Flame and the 2012 EP for Jessica Ripka.
In 2011, Waggoner recorded with Jack White on his first solo album, "Blunderbuss". She performed live with White in 2012.
In September 2012, Waggoner was featured in the campaign "30 Songs / 30 Days" to support "", a multi-platform media project inspired by Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn's book.
Waggoner's newest LP "Originator" was released on March 5, 2013. After touring with Ron Sexsmith, playing the 2013 SXSW festival, Lollapalooza festival, releasing 2 music videos, and 1 additional single, Waggoner finished the year by playing the Austin City Limits Fest.

</doc>
<doc id="21384462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384462" title="MCM (A Premier Farnell Company)">
MCM (A Premier Farnell Company)

MCM Electronics is a broad line distributor of electronic components, equipment and accessories for the consumer electronics industry. MCM's products include: computer hardware and peripherals, security and surveillance, wire and cable, audio and video equipment, tools, test equipment and more. Incorporated in 1996, MCM is part of the Marketing and Distribution Division (MDD) within Premier Farnell, which also includes Newark (Newark (distributor)) and CPC (CPC (A Premier Farnell Company)). The MDD businesses stock approximately 400,000 products and offer access to more than 4,000,000 other products.
History.
MCM was founded in 1976 as an electronics service company in Dayton, Ohio. Shortly after its founding, MCM began selling replacement electronic parts to other service shops in the area and has become one of the largest distributors in the consumer electronics industry.
MCM was purchased in 1984 by Premier Industrial Corporation. In 1996, Premier was purchased by UK distributor Farnell Electronics for $2.8 Billion to be renamed Premier Farnell
Operations.
MCM Electronics is a distributor for consumer electronics parts and accessories. With offices in Centerville, Ohio, and a warehouse Springboro, Ohio, MCM delivers products across the United States through their catalog, website, and direct mail promotions. MCM stocks over 40,000 products from over 600 vendors and has access to over 1.5 million electronic parts and related products.
Brands.
MCM owns rights to several private label brands, including Tenma Test Equipment, Defender Security, Duratool, Stellar Labs, MCM Audio Select, and MCM Custom Audio.
Environmental Awareness.
MCM has a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) that is focused towards environmental impacts, communities in which operations are carried out, employees, health and safety and ethical trading.
MCM has also been a sponsor of the environmental design competition "Live-Edge" since 2007. The competition offers prize money and marketing and distribution funds to the creators and potential winners of energy efficient electronics.
See also.
Premier Farnell

</doc>
<doc id="21384476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384476" title="End-Year Chart 2008 (Romania)">
End-Year Chart 2008 (Romania)

This is a list of Romanian Top 100's 2008 year-end chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21384483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384483" title="Nylander">
Nylander

Nylander is a Scandinavian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21384493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384493" title="Arthur Black (unionist politician)">
Arthur Black (unionist politician)

Arthur Black PC(NI) KC (6 February 1888 – 15 April 1968) was an Irish barrister, judge and Ulster Unionist Party politician.
Born in Belfast, he was educated at Mountpottinger Elementary School and Campbell College, Belfast, and Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge. He was called to the English Bar in 1915 and was appointed as King's Counsel in 1929.
He was elected to the Northern Ireland House of Commons at the 1925 general election as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Belfast South. When constituencies were revised for the 1929 general election, he was elected as the MP for the new Belfast Willowfield constituency, and re-elected there in 1933 and 1938. He held the seat until he was appointed to the judiciary in November 1941 as Recorder of Belfast and as a County Court judge. He served as Attorney General for Northern Ireland from 1939–1941, Recorder from 1941–43, Judge of the Northern Ireland Supreme Court from 1943–49 and as a Lord Justice of Appeal from 1949-64.

</doc>
<doc id="21384496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384496" title="Shikha Swaroop">
Shikha Swaroop

"Shikha Swaroop"' (born October 23, 1970) is an Indian actress, and a former Miss India winner.
She was born in a Kayastha family. While still in college, she was crowned Miss India 1988 and continued to wear this crown until 1991 when she relinquished it to Preeti Mankotia. No beauty contests were held during 1989 and 1990 due to the demise of the sponsor, Eve's Weekly. The contests resumed after a new sponsor, Femina, took over in 1991. Apart from being crowned Miss India 1988, she won a gold medal in the All India Pistol Shooting Championship in 1988 itself. Apart from modeling and being the brand ambassador for many products she was a fashion model for over 400 shows in India and abroad. She also played badminton on a national level. Her career catapulted, but she suffered major setbacks when she became seriously ill.
Career.
She appeared in several 1990s Bollywood movies, and on television in "Chandrakanta" which was a huge hit. In the Eighties and early Nineties Shikha was considered one of the most desirable woman in India.She appeared as a lead in 11 movies, some of which were multi starrers- Anil Sharma's Tahelka, Policewala Gunda, Pranlal Mehta's Police Public, Gulshan Kumar's Naagmani, Kaayda Kanoon, Pyaar Hua chori chori, Cheetah, Thanedarni and Aawaz de Kahan. Her other popular TV soaps are Himesh Reshammiya's Andaaz, Amarprem, Anupama, Sunil Agnihotri's Yug and Siddhant Vision's Kahan Se Kahan tak. She made a comeback with TV serial "Kahani Chandrakanta Ki". Currently she plays the role of Kaikayei in the Zee TV soap "Ramayan".

</doc>
<doc id="21384506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384506" title="Franz West">
Franz West

Franz West (16 February 1947 – 25 July 2012) was an Austrian artist.
Early life and education.
West was born on 16 February 1947. His father was a coal dealer, his mother a dentist who took her son with her on art-viewing trips to Italy. West did not begin to study art seriously until he was 26, when, between 1977 and 1983, he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna with Bruno Gironcoli.
Work.
West began making drawings around 1970 before moving on to painted collages incorporating magazine images that showed the influence of Pop Art. His art practice started as a reaction to the Viennese Actionism movement has been exhibited in museums and galleries for more than three decades. Over the last 20 years he had a regular presence in big expositions like Documenta and the Venice Biennale.
West's artwork is typically made out of plaster, papier-mâché, wire, polyester, aluminium and other, ordinary materials. He started to produce paintings, but then turned to collages, sculptures, portable sculptures called "Adaptives" or "Fitting Pieces", environments and furniture – "welded metal chairs and divans, some minimally padded and upholstered in raw linen." For his early sculptures, West often covered ordinary objects—bottles, machine parts, pieces of furniture and other, unidentifiable things—with gauze and plaster, producing "lumpy, grungy, dirty-white objects". 
In the late 1990s, West turned to large-scale lacquered aluminum pieces, the first (and several after) inspired by the forms of Viennese sausages, as well as the shapes of the Adaptives. With their monochrome colors and irregular patchwork surfaces, these works were also meant for sitting and lying. 
<br>
The Baltimore Museum of Art with help from former Senior Curator of Contemporary Art, Darsie Alexander, hosted the very first "comprehensive survey" to ever been done in the U.S. of Franz West's artwork which contained his latest artwork designed specifically for the Baltimore Museum of Art, "The Igo and the Id." – which "consists of two configurations of rumpled, ribbon-like loops rising some 20 feet high. One is bright pink, the other neatly painted in blocks of green, yellow, blue and orange. Both have round stools projecting from the lower ends of the loops." 
For the season 2009/2010 in the Vienna State Opera Franz West designed a large scale picture (176 sqm) as part of the exhibition series "Safety Curtain", conceived by museum in progress.
Throughout his career, West has engaged in collaborations with other artists, such as conceptual Artist Bernhard Cella, conceptual artist Douglas Gordon, musician Fred Jellinek, furniture maker Mathis Esterhazy, and ceramist Tamuna Sirbiladze (West's widow). For another exhibition in 2012, West collaborated with fellow artist Anselm Reyle on a series of furniture sculptures.
Adaptives.
Around 1980 West started to create "plaster objects, usually a few feet long, meant to be placed over the face, worn around the waist or held in the crook of the neck. Although they suggest masks and props for the commedia dell'arte, their shapes are usually ambiguous: no matter how figurative and sexual Mr. West's objects may be, they remain abstract. The pieces can be worn on the street or carried like a partner in an enraptured solipsistic dance. They leave the wearer looking both protected and trapped." His friend Reinhard Priessnitz called these "Passstücke", which was rendered into English as "Fitting pieces"; but West came to prefer another translation, "Adaptives".
Personal life.
West was married to the Georgian artist Tamuna Sirbiladze.
Art market.
West was represented by Gagosian Gallery, Galerie Meyer Kainer, Vienna, and Galerie Eva Presenhuber, Zürich until his death in 2012. His estate continues to be represented by Gagosian Gallery. At Frieze Art Fair in 2011, West curated the Gagosian Gallery's booth. A portrait of West made by Rudolf Stingel sold for a price of more than $500,000.
References.
17.^ Elaine A. King,"Euphoric Sculpture: A Conversation with Franz West," Sculpture Magazine, June 2009, Vol.28, No. 5
http://www.sculpture.org/documents/scmag09/june_09/west/west.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="21384556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384556" title="Androgen-dependent syndromes">
Androgen-dependent syndromes

Androgen-dependent syndromes are caused by the excessive production of adrenal or gonadal androgens by adrenal adenomas, carcinomas, or hyperplasia, Leydig cell tumors in men, and arrhenoblastomas and polycystic ovarian syndrome in women.

</doc>
<doc id="21384557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384557" title="Lectionary 5">
Lectionary 5

Lectionary 5, designated by siglum ℓ "5" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). 
It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 10th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, and Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with lacunae at the beginning and end. The text is written in Greek uncial letters, on 150 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 19 lines per page, 7-12 letters per line. It has musical notes. 
Matthew 19:16
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Colbert. It was examined by John Mill and Wettstein. 
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Bodleian Library (Barocci 202) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21384564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384564" title="Tribe Fight Song">
Tribe Fight Song

The Tribe Fight Song is the official fight song of The College of William & Mary, located in Williamsburg, Virginia. Throughout the College's history there have been three official fight songs. The original fight song, titled "Victory", was written in 1929 by Oscar E. Wilkinson. Two years later, a new fight song titled "Fight, Fight, Fight for the Indians" was published in the William & Mary student handbook. Many years later, a third edition was written which is still used today. Simply "Tribe Fight Song", it is supposed to be sung after every touchdown the Tribe football team scores at home games.
A second, lesser known song was composed by Rolf Kennard in the 1930s. The "William & Mary Victory March" is occasionally played before games, most often at Homecoming.

</doc>
<doc id="21384584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384584" title="1939 Chicago Cardinals season">
1939 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1939 Chicago Cardinals season was their 20th in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 2–9, winning only one game. They played eight of their eleven games on the road and failed to qualify for the playoffs for the 14th consecutive season. 

</doc>
<doc id="21384606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384606" title="William Lowry">
William Lowry

William Lowry PC(NI) KC (19 March 1884–14 December 1949) was an Irish barrister, judge, Ulster Unionist Member of Parliament and Attorney General for Northern Ireland
Career.
Born in Limavady, he was educated at Foyle College, Derry, and Queen's University Belfast. He was called to the Irish Bar in 1907 and was appointed as King's Counsel in 1926. In 1939, he was elected to the Northern Ireland House of Commons as a Unionist member for Londonderry, City, which he represented until 1947. Conor Cruise O'Brien described him as a "unionist of a rather fiercer description." He served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs from 1940–1943 and Minister of Home Affairs from 1943-1944. In February 1944, Lowry allegedly commentated while Parliament was in session that a local Orange Order Meeting Hall, which had been used by Catholics of the US Army after he had arranged it, would have to be fumigated. His remarks, recorded in the minutes of the day, attracted immediate criticism from fellow ministers and Lowry was forced to write an apology to Bishop Farren of Derry two days later, though he was adamant that he had misunderstood the situation. O'Brien, however, maintained that Lowry's comments were meant as an ironic and sarcastic response to anti-Catholic extremists on the benches who had objected to the use of the Orange Hall, and he maintained a respect for Lowry throughout his life.
Lowry later went on to serve as Attorney General for Northern Ireland from 1944-1947. He resigned from the Government and from Parliament upon appointment as a Judge of the High Court of Northern Ireland in 1947, as which he served until retiring shortly before his death. He was appointed to the Privy Council for Northern Ireland in 1943, entitling him to be called "The Right Honourable". His son, Lord Lowry was a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.

</doc>
<doc id="21384610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384610" title="Ejinaspis">
Ejinaspis

Ejinaspis is a genus of trilobite. It was described from Upper Cambrian fossils found in Inner Mongolia, China in 1986. The genus is placed in the family Solenopleuridae.

</doc>
<doc id="21384614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384614" title="Pascal Ojigwe">
Pascal Ojigwe

Pascal Ojigwe (born 11 December 1976 in Aba, Nigeria) is a retired Nigerian footballer. He also holds German citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="21384639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384639" title="Endops">
Endops

Endops is a genus of trilobite belonging to the proetid family Phillipsiidae, which comes from the Permian of Japan. The type species is "Paladin yanagisawai".

</doc>
<doc id="21384644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384644" title="Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University">
Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University

The Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University is the art gallery of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is located on the university campus on Forbes Avenue at Morewood Avenue, at the border between the Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods.
About.
The Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University supports experimentation that expands the notions of art and culture, providing a forum for engaged conversations about creativity and innovation. The gallery produces exhibitions, projects, events and publications with a focus on social issues, and is free and open to the public. It is one unit of the Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts, and is housed in a three-story, space.
History.
The Miller Gallery was founded in 2000 by Regina Gouger Miller, artist, educator, businesswoman, arts patron and alumna of Carnegie Mellon School of Art.
Astria Suparak served as Director of the gallery from 2008 until January 2014. 
During the last ten years, the Miller Gallery has exhibited work by Francis Alÿs, Laylah Ali, Janine Antoni, The Art Guys, Bernd and Hilla Becher, Michael Bevilacqua, Tammy Rae Carland, The Center for Land Use Interpretation (CLUI), Center for PostNatural History, Catherine Chalmers, Michael Ray Charles, Mel Chin, Julia Christensen, Minerva Cuevas, Nicole Eisenman, Inka Essenhigh, Karen Finley, Rachel Harrison, Todd Haynes, Arturo Herrera, Miranda July, Justseeds, Tran T. Kim-Trang, Glenn Ligon, Machine Project, Kerry James Marshall, Gordon Matta-Clark, Larry Miller, Allyson Mitchell, Takashi Murakami, Yoshitomo Nara, Shirin Neshat, OMA (Office for Metropolitan Architecture), Open_Sailing, Raqs Media Collective, Philip Ross, Christy Rupp, Trevor Paglen, Ester Partegas, SANAA, David Shrigley, Al Souza, Michelle Stitzlein, subRosa, Stephanie Syjuco, Sarah Sze, Terreform ONE, TermiteTV, Fred Tomaselli, Kara Walker, Olav Westphalen, Gail Wight, Sue Williams, The Yes Men, and many others.
Notable Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts alumni that have exhibited at the Miller Gallery include Dara Birnbaum, Mel Bochner, Jacob Ciocci (Paper Rad), Peter Coffin (artist), John Currin, Cassandra C. Jones, Joyce Kozloff, Eileen Maxson, Shana Moulton, Rich Pell (Institute for Applied Autonomy, Center for PostNatural History), Blithe Riley, Fereshteh Toosi, Paul Vanouse, and Andy Warhol.
Exhibition History.
2013-2014
2012-2013
2011-2012
2010-2011
2009-2010
CONTESTATIONAL CARTOGRAPHIES SYMPOSIUM
2008-2009
2007-2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000

</doc>
<doc id="21384650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384650" title="A Positive Rage">
A Positive Rage

A Positive Rage is a live album and documentary double-disc set by the Brooklyn-based rock band The Hold Steady, released on April 7, 2009 by Vagrant Records. The documentary DVD features backstage interviews, fan commentary and live footage, while the CD features a live set performed on Halloween 2007 at the Metro Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, made up of songs from the band's albums "Almost Killed Me" (2004), "Separation Sunday" (2005), "Boys and Girls in America" (2006), and the then-forthcoming "Stay Positive" (2008), as well as three tracks previously only released as bonus tracks on these albums. The enhanced CD also includes a link to download five bonus tracks.
Franz Nicolay stated in February 2009 that he has not yet seen the documentary, but notes that he "imagine drinking will be involved. It was an exciting time. The live record is taken from the very end of two years of touring behind "Boys and Girls in America", and I’m glad we recorded then, because it’s the real peak of the band as a performing unit."
Bonus Downloadable Tracks.
The enhanced CD includes a link to download five bonus tracks, the first three of which were available, as a single twelve-minute track, on the limited edition version of "Stay Positive". 

</doc>
<doc id="21384653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384653" title="Instrument mechanic">
Instrument mechanic

Instrument mechanics in engineering are tradesmen who specialize in installing, troubleshooting, and repairing instrumentation, automation and control systems.
History.
Instrumentation has existed for hundreds of years in one form or another. The oldest manometer was invented by Evangelista Torricelli in 1643. The thermometer has been credited to many scientists of about the same period. Over that time, small and large scale industrial plants have always had use for measurements. For the most part, these were passive measuring devices. If a process needed a control, they'd hire someone at a low wage to control the process manually.
World War II brought about a revolution in the use of instrumentation. Advanced processes requires tighter control than people could provide, and advanced instruments were required to provide measurements in modern processes. Also, the war left industry with a substantially reduced workforce. Industrial instrumentation solved both problems, leading to a rise in its use. Pipe fitters had to learn more about instrumentation and control theory, and a new trade was born.
Today, instrument mechanics have more to do with electricians than pipe fitters. Almost all new instrumentation is electronic, using either 4-20mA control signals or digital signalling standards.
Terminology.
In Canada, journeyman tradesmen who work with instrumentation are called "Instrument Mechanics". In the United States, Australia and elsewhere, they can be called "Instrument fitters". The term may have originated from earlier instrument-qualified people being originally mechanically trained Machinists (also known as a fitter and turner) rather than electricians or "pure" instrument fitters (No secondary trade) as is now the norm.
Training and regulation of trade.
In most countries, the job of an instrument mechanic is a regulated trade for safety reasons due to the many hazards of working with electricity, as well as the dangers posed by incorrectly installed or calibrated instrumentation, requiring testing, registration, or licensing. Licensing of instrument mechanics is controlled through government and/or professional societies.
The apprenticeship period has been reduced in some cases for Instrumentation Engineering Technologists, who can get their apprenticeship in 2 years rather than 4, depending on the college.
Canada.
In Canada, the trade of Instrumentation and Control technician is included in the Red Seal inter-provincial journeyman program.
The trade itself is called different things in different provinces. The two most popular names are "Industrial Instrument Mechanic" and "Instrumentation and Control Technician", though Alberta and the Northwest Territories call the certification "Instrument Technician", and Saskatchewan and Nunavut call their certification "Industrial Instrument Technician". 
The 1995 Agreement on Internal Trade, agreed upon by all provinces except Nunavut, states that each party to the agreement will provide automatic recognition and free access to all workers holding an inter-provincial standards (Red Seal) program qualification.
Although there is a federal agreement, each province implements the program with its own legislation: (Note that these are all Provincial Acts)
Recipients receive a "Certificate of Qualification".
Different provincial jurisdictions may have different regulations. 
In Ontario, the Instrumentation and Control apprenticeship program does not contain any restricted skill sets as per Ontario Regulation 565/99, Restricted skill sets. This means that a worker does not need a certificate of apprenticeship or a certificate of qualification to practice the trade.
Training of instrument mechanics follows an apprenticeship model, taking four or five years to progress to fully qualified journeyman level. Typical apprenticeship programs emphasize hands-on work under the supervision of journeymen, but also include a substantial component of classroom training and testing. Training and licensing of instrument mechanics is by province, and some provinces don't have an instrument mechanic licensing program, but provinces recognize qualifications received in others.
Different provincial jurisdictions may have different regulations regarding certification. In Ontario, the On-The-Job training duration for apprentices is 8000 hours, and the in-school training duration is generally 720 hours. One person of journeyman or equivalent status must be working for every apprentice.
Prior to receiving their Journeyman designation, candidates seeking their certificate of qualification must complete a trade exam, testing knowledge of a number of essential skill sets:
The trade exam consists of a number of questions in each of these skill sets.
Australia.
Australian instrument fitters are usually re-qualified electricians who complete a 2-year conversion course at an accredited technical college, such as a TAFE, or start as new apprentices with no prior qualifications and complete a 3 year course and a 4 year apprenticeship, in combination with workplace experience of material studied. The first year of the 3 is a basic electrical module, covering AC and DC principals, plus some workshop practicals. The 4th year generally consists of an apprentice choosing a post-trade qualification to study for.
As there is no journeyman accreditation in Australia, at the completion of their trade course, and collection of the required workplace experience, aspirant instrument fitters must pass a "capstone" test, which involves theoretical testing and practical exercises to determine competency. Qualification is recognised with a craft certificate, but not a license in any form.
Other names.
Instrument mechanics are sometimes known as:
Fields of study.
Instrument mechanics are required to study a large body of knowledge. This includes information on:

</doc>
<doc id="21384659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384659" title="Jan Beránek">
Jan Beránek

Jan Beránek was born on January 11, 1970. He is a Czech ecological activist, energy expert, politician, employee of Greenpeace and former member and chairmain of Czech Green Party.
He studied physics at the Univerzity of Jan Evangelista Purkyně in Brno from 1988 to 1990. Already at that time, back in 1989, he had established together with his friend Jakub Patocka an environmental organization Hnuti DUHA (Rainbow Movement), which later (1993) became the Czech branch of Friends of the Earth 
Soon after the political changes in Czechoslovakia in November 1989, he became a full-time political and environmental activist, and subsequently abandoned the studies. Later, from 1993 to 1995, he also studied sociology at the same university (by then called Masaryk University). However, he did not graduate either.
Has been actively working on issues related to energy, climate change and nuclear power since his studies in late 1980s, with initial focus on the energy policies and the Soviet-designed nuclear power plants in the Czech Republic and other Eastern European countries. He wrote and contributed to several publications about energy and nuclear power, including three commissioned by national and local governments. He also published many articles and analytical papers on those issues. Was invited and spoke as a specialist at several expert hearings in the European Parliament.
In 2002, he has left Hnuti DUHA/Friends of the Earth Czech Republic from a position of an executive director, in order to engage with Czech party politics. In April 2003, he was elected as a chair of the Czech Green Party, and served in this position until September 2005.
Since 2005 he works for Greenpeace, where he first led the energy campaign in Central and Eastern European region. In June 2007, he became the Nuclear Energy Project Leader at Greenpeace International, based in Amsterdam. Among others, he visited Chernobyl in 1996, lead a specialist team to Kashiwazaki-Kariwa following the Japanese earthquake in 2007. In 2011, he acted as a head of the Greenpeace’s global crisis response team to Fukushima nuclear disaster. Later he became one of the authors of a highly appraised Greenpeace report "Lessons from Fukushima"
Since 2011, he conducted numerous radiation field work at Fukushima as well as other locations in Japan. Earlier, he was also involved in detecting and analyzing radioactive contamination at sites in Spain, Ukraine, and the Czech Republic. In 2013, he has earned the highest grade at the radiation protection course of the Technical university at Delft, Netherlands.
He currently works as energy campaign team leader at Greenpeace International at Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="21384661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384661" title="Fort Patrick Henry Dam">
Fort Patrick Henry Dam

Fort Patrick Henry Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the South Fork Holston River within the city of Kingsport, in Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the lowermost of three dams on the South Fork Holston owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, which built the dam in the early 1950s to take advantage of the hydroelectric potential created by the regulation of river flow with the completion of Watauga Dam, South Holston Dam, and Boone Dam (which were primarily flood control structures) further upstream in preceding years. The dam impounds the Fort Patrick Henry Lake. While originally built for hydroelectric generation, the dam now plays an important role in the regulation of water flow and water temperature for the John Sevier Fossil Plant and other industrial plants downstream.
Fort Patrick Henry Dam is named for a Revolutionary War-era fort once located at nearby Long Island of the Holston.
Location.
Fort Patrick Henry Dam is located above the South Fork Holston River's confluence with the North Fork Holston River (which forms the Holston River proper). The city center of Kingsport is just northwest of the dam, and the unincorporated community of Colonial Heights is also nearby. Warriors' Path State Park occupies part of Fort Patrick Henry Lake's shoreline. Fort Patrick Henry Dam is upstream from the retention dam at John Sevier Fossil Plant and about upstream from Cherokee Dam, both of which are on the Holston River proper.
Capacity.
Fort Patrick Henry Dam is a concrete gravity-type dam high and long, and has a generating capacity of 59,400 kilowatts. The dam's overfall spillway has five radial gates with a combined maximum discharge of . Fort Patrick Henry Lake extends up the South Fork Holston to the base of Boone Dam and has of shoreline. The dam is not operated for flood-storage capacity.
Background and construction.
Public and private entities were aware of the hydroelectric potential of the South Fork Holston River by the early 1900s, when the Watauga Power Company built Wilbur Dam (completed 1912) on the river's Watauga River tributary. In the 1920s, the Holston River Power Company conducted a large-scale survey of the South Fork Holston with plans to build four dams along the river and market the dams' electrical power to nearby cities. Around the same time, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers proposed building a dam at the "Pactolus site", roughly a mile downstream from the present Fort Patrick Henry Dam site. When the Tennessee Valley Authority gained oversight of flood control operations in the area in the 1930s, they identified the present dam site (which they initially called the "Wexler Bend site") as more favorable. TVA's completion of Watauga Dam and South Holston Dam and the impending construction of Boone Dam in 1950 would regulate the river's flow in such a manner as to make a downriver hydroelectric project feasible. Work on Fort Patrick Henry Dam began on May 14, 1951.
The construction of Fort Patrick Henry Dam and its reservoir required the purchase of of land, of which had to be cleared. 22 families and of roads had to be relocated, and one new bridge had to be built. The dam was completed and its gates closed October 27, 1953. The dam's first generator went online December 5, 1953 and its second generator went online February 22, 1954. The total cost of the Fort Patrick Henry project was $12.3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21384674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384674" title="Peter Ochieng Odoyo">
Peter Ochieng Odoyo

Peter Ochieng Odoyo (born 23 November 1959) is a Kenyan politician and economist. He was elected to represent the Nyakach Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya from 1997 until 2007. He served as Vice Chair on the Finance,Trade and Planning Committee from 1998 until 2001. From 2001 until 2005, Peter held positions as Assistant Minister Foreign Affairs, Assistant Minister for Labour and Assistant Minister for Regional Development. He has been a member of the world e-parliament and was for many years their coordinator in Kenya and East Africa. He has written and published many articles on management, leadership, diplomacy and economics in local and international papers and magazines. He was a senior consultant with Price Waterhouse Consultants and has also worked with the USAID Mission in Kenya (USAID Kenya 1987)and with the UNICEF East and Southern Region Offices as an economic Consultant.
He is currently managing an advertising company based in nairobi, Kenya called Spellman and walker compsany(Spellman and walker websites)
Peter was awarded a BSc first class in Economics from the University of Wales(ref allumni records) and he also obtained an MBA with distinction from the University of Bradford.(ref allumni records)

</doc>
<doc id="21384689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384689" title="Colpocoryphe">
Colpocoryphe

Colpocoryphe is a genus of trilobites in the family Calymenidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21384734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384734" title="Buskerud County Municipality">
Buskerud County Municipality

Buskerud County Municipality () is the regional governing administration of Buskerud, Norway. The main responsibilities of the county municipality includes the running of the upper secondary schools. It administrates county roadways, public transport, dental care, culture and cultural heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="21384781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384781" title="Ognjen Vranješ">
Ognjen Vranješ

Ognjen Vranješ (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Врањеш; born 24 October 1989) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Elazığspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.
Club career.
He has played for FK Borac Banja Luka in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina before moving to Red Star Belgrade in Serbia. After struggling to establish himself in the first team of Red Star, he first went on loan to Napredak Krusevac and then to Sheriff Tiraspol from Moldova for the 2010/11 season. He caused some controversy when he celebrated Sheriff eliminating Croatian club Dinamo Zagreb in the qualification for the Champions League, wearing a Red Star shirt.
On 12 January 2011, Vranješ signed a three and a half year contract for Krasnodar in the Russian First Division.
On 12 December 2012, he signed a three-year contract with Alania Vadikavkaz.
International career.
He was a part of the Bosnian national under-21 team for several years. In August 2010, coach of the senior team, Safet Sušić decided to give Vranješ his debut and included him in the squad to meet Luxembourg and France in the first matches for the Euro 2012. 
Vranješ had to wait until November to get his debut, when he started the friendly match against Slovakia.
Sušić included Vranješ in his team for friendly against Wales on 15 August 2012.
Vranješ played the full 90 minutes on 16 October 2012 in Bosnia-Herzegovina's 3-0 win against Lithuania. He made a great defensive play that save a goal from being scored.
His older brother, Stojan Vranješ, is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21384813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384813" title="CS Minerul Valea Copcii">
CS Minerul Valea Copcii

Minerul Valea Copcii is a Romanian professional football club from Valea Copcii, Mehedinți County, Romania, founded in 1994.
They currently play in the Liga IV.

</doc>
<doc id="21384814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384814" title="GNRI Class SG">
GNRI Class SG

The Great Northern Railway (Ireland) SG and SG2 classes was one of the last designs of Charles Clifford. They were primarily intended for goods work, but the increased wheel diameter enabled effective passenger duties, managing heavy excursion trains with ease and speed.
Beyer, Peacock and Company built the first two batches in 1913 and 1915 and the 1924-25 batch were built by Nasmyth, Wilson and Company.
Design.
They were the first GNR(I) designs to be fitted with Schmidt superheaters and piston valves, the SG class having a re-designed motion with rocker arms as well as the first to have wheels instead of .
Engines were originally built with flush riveted smokeboxes. After the first major overhaul, domed rivets were used. These locomotives originally ran with flared tenders, but at a later date straight sided tenders were also used.
When first brought into service, the five SG’s were originally numbered 137, 138, 37, 40 and 41. The last three were renumbered 47, 48, 49 and the whole series was finally renumbered 175, 176, 177, 178, 179.
Differences.
The major difference was in the brake rods of which there were two inboard of the wheels. The earlier SO and 562 locomotives had four pull-rods, the outer ones being outside of the wheels.
The 1915 batch (Classified 52 and 502) had direct motion, without rocker arms, driving inclined piston valves, and Robinson superheater. The only external difference was that the shaft and reversing rod were a little higher which resulted in the rear of the left hand side sandbox rod being inclined upwards from the centre sandbox back to the firebox.
The Wakefield mechanical lubricator was mounted further back on the 502. These locomotives were also fitted with Ross pop safety valves as built. The 1913 batch had lever safety valves changed to Ross pop type after first major overhaul after 10 years.
CIÉ ownership.
On the break-up of the GNR(I) in 1958, Córas Iompair Éireann took over a number of these locomotives for a period of five years up to the end of steam on CIÉ. They were used particularly on the ex-DSER services to Wexford and Rosslare. CIÉ retained the GNR(I) numbers, with suffix N except in the case of No.19, also ‘CIE’ was stencilled on the locomotive buffer beams. After withdrawal, some locomotives, including 15N, 179N, and 181N were kept in reserve by CIE, some until 1965.
Model.
The SG Class is currently available as a 00 gauge etched-brass kit from Studio Scale Models. It includes transfers, brass etches, most nameplates and cast white metal parts.

</doc>
<doc id="21384860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384860" title="Russ Germain">
Russ Germain

Russ Germain (1947 – February 2, 2009) was a Canadian broadcaster who worked for CBC Radio from 1973 to 2002. He was born in New Liskeard, Ontario.
He hosted the flagship news programs "World Report" and "The World at Six".
In 1990, Germain was made the CBC's broadcast language adviser, in which role he provided suggested pronunciations of obscure vocabulary for other announcers.

</doc>
<doc id="21384868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384868" title="GNRI Class T2">
GNRI Class T2

The Great Northern Railway (Ireland) T2 class was a class of 4-4-2 tank locomotives. The GNR(I) had introduced the T1 class numbered 185–189 in 1913. They were designed for both suburban services and longer runs such as Dublin to Drogheda and Belfast to Armagh. They proved so successful that a further twenty were commissioned in 1921, 1924 and 1929. Although externally identical in appearance to the T1, they were classified as the T2 class having larger tanks and higher boiler pressure, and were used successfully on both fast passenger work and freight.
Model.
The T2 is currently available as a 00 gauge etched-brass kit from Studio Scale Models. It includes transfers, brass etches, most nameplates and cast white metal parts.

</doc>
<doc id="21384910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384910" title="Thomas Baker Jones">
Thomas Baker Jones

Thomas Baker Jones (16 September 1862–26 May 1959) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby union for Newport. Jones was capped six times for Wales and was the first player to score recognised international points for the national team.
Rugby career.
Jones was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and came to note as a member of Newport, and was first selected to represent his country at the age of 19. His first match was against Ireland in the first meeting between the two countries. This was only the second Welsh game and resulted in the first win for Wales. Wales scored four tries during the game, of which Jones scored the first, which was therefore not only the first ever recognised try over Ireland, but also the very first score scored by Wales as they failed to achieve any points in their first match the previous year against England. Although Jones scored a try, the conversion attempt was unsuccessful which meant that Jones is not recorded with a score.
Jones was reselected for the next two Wales games, the second match to England and the first match to Scotland; both under the captaincy of Charles Lewis and both lost. Jones was absent from the opening game of the inaugural Home Nations Championship, but was reselected for the second game of the tournament, against Scotland. Wales were beaten by Scotland again, and Jones missed the last game of the Championship to Ireland. Jones was back in the team for the 1885 Home Nations Championship. Now under the captaincy of Charlie Newman, Wales lost against England, but drew the game to Scotland.
After the end of his playing career, Jones continued his link to Newport Rugby Club, becoming the club secretary, and later seeing his son represent both Newport and Wales.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="21384939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384939" title="Daniel Hoffmann">
Daniel Hoffmann

Daniel Hoffmann (born 27 October 1971 in Rostock, East Germany) is a German football coach and a former player. He played in the German Bundesliga (five seasons with F.C. Hansa Rostock and TSV 1860 München, totalling 70 games), and also in Turkey and Austria. 

</doc>
<doc id="21384968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384968" title="Willy Olsen">
Willy Olsen

Willy Olsen (born 28 February 1950) is a former Norwegian speed skater from Tynset who competed internationally in the 1970s. His strength was on the long distances, and he won the 5000 metres distance at the national championship in 1972. At the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo he finished 5th in the 5000 metres.
Olsen joined the first professional league, "International Speed Skating League", in 1973. After the dissolvement of the league in 1974, Olsen became a speed skating coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21384974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384974" title="MGWR Class E">
MGWR Class E

The MGWR class E was a small 0-6-0T steam locomotive class designed in 1891 by Martin Atock, the then locomotive superintendent of the Midland Great Western Railway and twelve engines were built.
After the grouping of 1925, the Great Southern Railways classified them Class 551 or Class J26, and fitted them with new smokeboxes, safety valves and chimneys. The nameplates, builder’s plates and sandbox numbers were removed at this time and replaced with a numberplate.
Model.
The Class E / J26 is currently available as a 00 gauge etched-brass kit from Studio Scale Models. It includes transfers, brass etches, most nameplates and cast white metal parts.

</doc>
<doc id="21384998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21384998" title="The Wheel of Life">
The Wheel of Life

The Wheel of Life (V15/8C) is a famous boulder problem in Hollow Mountain Cave in the Grampians of Australia.
The problem which consists of over 60 moves was first completed by Dai Koyamada in 2004, and it links up several V8 to V15 problems that were established by climbers such as Klem Loskot and Fred Nicole. The second ascent was made by the Australian boulderer Chris Webb Parsons in 2007. These ascents were then followed by a 3rd and 4th ascent by Ethan Pringle and James Kassay. On 30 October 2011, Australian climber Benjamin P. Cossey completed the fifth ascent of The Wheel of Life. Ben downgraded the climb from a V16 to a V14 (8B+). In June 2012 ascents were made by Dave Graham and then Ian Dory. Graham suggested a route grade of 9a+ (Ewbank 36), stating that it was "not possible to compare it to other boulder problems, due to its length", and that it was in a league above 9a routes he had climbed. In November 2012, James Kassay completed a more difficult direct finish to the problem. Following this Daniel Woods made an accent in 2013 Closely followed by Alexander Megos. 
For More information see http://www.verticallifemag.com.au/2013/07/reflecting-on-the-wheel/.

</doc>
<doc id="21385040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385040" title="Linke">
Linke

Linke is a German surname deriving from the German word meaning "left". It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21385053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385053" title="Kenan Mutapcic">
Kenan Mutapcic

Kenan Mutapčić (born 6 November 1979 in Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian rugby union football player in France. He plays as a prop.
Mutapcic is a professional rugby player in France. He was attached to US Bressane but switched to Grenoble in the French Rugby Pro D2 division during the 2009/10 season.
He plays for Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="21385164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385164" title="World Report">
World Report

World Report is CBC Radio's morning news program, airing weekdays at 5, 6, 7, and 8 AM, and Saturdays and Sundays at 6, 7, 8, and 9 AM. It lasts 10 minutes. The program's current weekday anchor as of September, 2013 is David Common, and the weekend anchor is James Murray.
Formers hosts include Peter Armstrong and Judy Maddren
The program was originally broadcast on both CBC Radio One and CBC Radio 2, but was removed from Radio Two's schedule in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21385176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385176" title="Milwaukee Leader">
Milwaukee Leader

The Milwaukee Leader was a socialist daily newspaper established in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in December 1911 by Socialist Party chief Victor L. Berger. The paper continued in operation until January 1939, when it was succeeded by the "Milwaukee Evening Post."
History.
Establishment.
The "Milwaukee Leader" was established on December 7, 1911, by a holding company called the Social Democratic Publishing Company. Stock was owned jointly by unions, branches of the Socialist Party, and individual participants in the labor and radical movement. Critical additional funding was provided by Elizabeth H. Thomas, a wealthy Milwaukee resident of radical political views. Editor-in-Chief from the paper's founding was Victor L. Berger, best known as the first Socialist member of the United States Congress. Other important editorialists over the paper's history included James R. "Jim" Howe (who died in the spring of 1917), his successor John M. Work, and international affairs commentator Ernest Untermann.
World War I problems.
During World War I, the paper's consistent antimilitarist stand brought it into conflict with the administration of President Woodrow Wilson and his Postmaster General Albert Burleson. The "Leader"'s second class mailing privileges were withdrawn in October 1917 and the publication was banned from the United States mails, eliminating about 14,000 subscribers with one blow. In August 1918 the publication was deprived of the right to receive first class mail, with all letters from subscribers and readers sent to the publication summarily returned to sender with the envelope stamped "Mail to This Address Undeliverable Under Espionage Act." The paper was twice raided by the US Department of Justice and subscriber records were seized.
Editor-in-Chief Victor L. Berger was indicted and convicted under the Espionage Act and sentenced to 20 years in prison (a sentence subsequently overturned on appeal). The paper managed to survive only through carrier delivery in Milwaukee and its environs, with the paper regaining its mailing privileges only in June 1921, over two and a half years after the armistice which ended the world war. The paper survived this onslaught without skipping an issue and by 1923 had nearly 50,000 subscribers on its rolls.
Sale and name changes.
Suffering financially, the "Leader" was sold on in March 1938 to Paul Holmes. Although no immediate changes were taken in the paper's editorial stance, editorialist John Work later recalled "for a little while I could write socialist editorials, but it soon appeaered that, while I could write socialist editorials, I was expected not to make much use of the word 'socialism.' I stayed on, knowing that I could still do some good work for the cause, and not knowing but that the socialists might again get control of the paper."
The new owners formed a new holding company for the paper called the Wisconsin Guardian Publishing Company. In April 1938 the name of the paper was changed from the "Milwaukee Leader" to the "New Milwaukee Leader."
In January 1939, seeking to further distance the faltering publication from its socialist past and to bring in as many new readers as possible of a recently terminated Hearst newspaper, the name of the "New Milwaukee Leader" was changed again, this time to the "Milwaukee Evening Post."
In the spring of 1939, new owner Paul Holmes and his associates sold their interest in the Wisconsin Guardian Publishing Company to representatives of the Milwaukee Federated Trades Council, and the unions took over the paper. The paper continued to languish.
By July 1940, the Milwaukee unions had enough of the faltering daily and made an arrangement for the paper's employees to run it. The name of the paper was changed yet again that September, this time to the "Milwaukee Post."
The complete run of the "Milwaukee Leader" is available on microfilm from the Wisconsin Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21385183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385183" title="Sustainer">
Sustainer

Sustainer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21385197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385197" title="Musuri">
Musuri

Musuri is a Korean term referring to female slaves in charge of odd chores in the court during the Goryeo and Joseon Dynasty of Korea. Their main tasks were miscellaneous works such as drawing water from a well, making a fire in the fireplace or cleaning.
Etymology.
Every palace had wells, and drawing water and delivering it as needed were an important part of a tomusuri's duty. For this reason, "musuri" were also called "susa" (水賜, literally "giving water") or "susai" (水賜伊, a female in charge of giving water) and their residence was called a "susagan" (水賜間, a place for those drawing water). On the other hand, male slaves were called "paji" (巴只). Although the terms, "susai" and "paji" do not appear in Goryeosa, a book compiled about the "History of Goryeo", the Annals of King Taejong (Taejong sillok) mention the class. From this record the Joseon royal court followed the system of the former state; Goryeo, young boys designated as male slaves were called "paji", in charge of cleaning in the court, while female slaves were called "susai". The record indicates that the system of "susai" and "paji" existed since the Goryeo Dynasty. 
The term "musuri" was originally used in the Mongol court, so it is assumed that the term came into use in the late Goryeo period. At first "musuri" travelled in and out of the court, but King Taejong changed the system to prevent their spreading court affairs. Since December of 1411 in the lunar calendar, the musuri stayed at court all the time.
Roles and class.
As well as drawing water "musuri" were assigned all rough work, according to each office's character.
They were from the public, mostly married women, and entered the palace through a nain's recommendation. In a broad sense, "musuri" were part of the "gungnyeo" (court ladies), but they could be allowed to go out of the court, which differentiates them from the "gungnyeo" with a rank, who entered the place in their early age and had "gwallye" (冠禮, coming-of-age ceremonies). Thus the musuri were maids to assist "gungnyeo" at court and belonged to the lowest class in society. In an exception to the class system it was said that King Yeongjo (r. 1724–76) was born to King Sukjong and Consort Suk of the Choe clan, who had been a "musuri" at Queen Inhyeon's (仁顯王后) quarters. King Yeongjo was very sensitive about his mother's class during his lifetime, avoiding any mention of her humble origin.
Attire.
"Musuri" wore a somber ensemble made with a blackish cotton with some red. They rolled up their hair into a cushion shape and wore a wide belt made of the same fabric as their clothes, with a tag ("pae", 牌) on it. The tag was equivalent to an identification card when they came to work from outside, or went on an errand between buildings in the palace. At that time, "nain" (assistant court ladies) and "yangban" (noble women) wore a very short upper garment called a "donggeungnae jeogori" (동그래저고리), a variety of "jeogori", but the length of a musuri's jeogori was long, just like that of male slaves.

</doc>
<doc id="21385198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385198" title="Tunjice Hills Seahorse">
Tunjice Hills Seahorse

Tunjice Hills Seahorse can refer to any of the two fossil species of seahorse:

</doc>
<doc id="21385237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385237" title="United States Ambassador to Ivory Coast">
United States Ambassador to Ivory Coast

This is a list of ambassadors of the United States to Ivory Coast, also known as Côte d'Ivoire.

</doc>
<doc id="21385268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385268" title="Pelagiarctos">
Pelagiarctos

Pelagiarctos was a genus of walrus that lived during the Mid Miocene, approx. 13-15 mya. Its remains have been found in the Sharktooth Hill Bonebed, in Kern County, California. It was originally described as an Otariidae, though it is now usually considered to be a basal Odobenidae.
Anatomy.
To date, the only material of "Pelagiarctos" that has been found includes a handful of partial mandibles. The mandibles themselves are approximately the same size as those of the contemporaneous pinniped "Allodesmus kernensis", but differ in that the cheek teeth have two roots (instead of one, as in "Allodesmus") and that the dentary itself is much thicker. They are also highly vascularized and covered in unusually large mental foramina, indicating that "Pelagiarctos" may have had somewhat fleshy lips. The cheek teeth resemble those of several terrestrial carnivores, specifically borophagine dogs and hyaenids. This, coupled with the robust dentary, indicates that "Pelagiarctos" probably had a large bite force. Though no postcranial remains have yet been found, the size of the dentary suggests an overall length of approx. 2.5-3 meters.
Environment.
The remains of "Pelagiarctos" have so far only been discovered in the Sharktooth Hill Bonebed, located in Kern County, California. The bonebed is approximately 15.97 - 13.65 million years old, and is interpreted to have been laid down in a coastal environment off the shore of the Miocene North Pacific.
The sediments that have yielded "Pelagiarctos" have also yielded numerous other species of ocean-going vertebrates, including sharks ("Isurus", "Sphyrna", "Carcharocles"), turtles ("Psephophorus"), seabirds ("Osteodontornis", "Diomedea", "Puffinus"), Cetaceans ("Prosqualodon", "Aulophyseter", "Parietobalaena") and other pinnipeds ("Allodesmus", "Neotherium").
Paleobiology.
Because of its large size, adaptations geared toward crunching bones, and rarity in the fossil record, "Pelagiarctos" is interpreted as being a predator of other large marine vertebrates. If so, it would make "Pelagiarctos" unique among pinnipeds, as most other species are adapted to much smaller prey such as fish or squid. "Pelagiarctos" most likely preyed upon the pinniped "Allodesmus" (which was very common in its environment), but it could also have preyed upon other marine mammals such as "Metaxytherium" or "Paleoparadoxia".

</doc>
<doc id="21385278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385278" title="Neotherium">
Neotherium

Neotherium mirum is an extinct species of basal walrus. It was smaller than living forms and it did not have long tusks. Males were larger than females.

</doc>
<doc id="21385285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385285" title="Touros">
Touros

Touros (lit. "bulls") is a municipality in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil. It is known as "Brazil's Corner" because it is located at the northeast corner of the country, being the closest South American city to Africa (2,865 km from western Sierra Leone). Touros has a significant amount of fishing, and there is a nearby seawater basin in the ocean formed by banks of coral.
Area attractions.
Brazil's largest lighthouse, the Farol do Calcanhar is in the city of Touros. The Touros Village Beach Resort is a tourist attraction.
Transportation.
The northernmost section of the BR-101 highway is located in Touros, which is the longest highway in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="21385289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385289" title="Edmond Warnock">
Edmond Warnock

John Edmond Warnock PC(NI) KC (1887–1972) was an Irish barrister and politician.
Born in Belfast, he was educated at Methodist College Belfast and Trinity College, Dublin. He was called to the English Bar in 1911, to the Northern Ireland Bar in 1921 and was appointed as King's Counsel in 1933. He served with the Royal Artillery during the First World War.
In 1938, he was elected to the Northern Ireland House of Commons as a Unionist member for Belfast, St Anne's, which he represented until his retirement from Parliament in 1969. He served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs from 1938–1940, when he resigned in protest at the failure to extend conscription to Northern Ireland during the Second World War. In 1944, he rejoined the Government when he was appointed as Minister of Home Affairs, an office which he held until 1946. From June–September 1946 he served as Deputy Attorney General and then from September 1946 until November 1949 as Minister of Home Affairs for a second time. He was then Attorney General for Northern Ireland from 1949-1956. He was appointed to the Privy Council for Northern Ireland in 1944, entitling him to be called The Right Honourable.

</doc>
<doc id="21385308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385308" title="Francisco Madrid">
Francisco Madrid

Francisco "Paco" Madrid (24 February 1900 – 8 January 1952) was a Spanish journalist, writer and screenwriter.
Biography.
A native of Barcelona, Franciso (Francesc) Madrid worked as a journalist in Barcelona, Paris, Geneve, Madrid, and Buenos Aires. He wrote essays, novels, and plays. He was also active in Catalunyan politics. In 1931, he was appointed Secretary of the Civil Government of Barcelona. In Madrid, he was the vice-editor of the daily "La Voz". Like many supporters of the Spanish Republic, he left Spain in 1936 for Argentina.
In Buenos Aires, Francisco Madrid worked as a journalist, most notably for the newspapers Noticias Gráficas, La Prensa, and the magazine El Hogar. But, his major contribution in Argentina was to the Argentine film industry. He wrote or co-wrote seven screenplays, among them the classic La Cabalgata del Circo (1945), co-written with Mario Soffici.
In Buenos Aires, he wrote "Cine de hoy y de mañana," published in 1945, and "Cincuenta años de cine. Crónica del séptimo arte," published in 1946. The later is considered a pioneering work, with a full chapter describing the origins and history of the then incipient Latin American movie industry.

</doc>
<doc id="21385324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385324" title="Cho Chi-hyo">
Cho Chi-hyo

Cho Chi-hyo (born December 6, 1970 in Incheon, South Korea) is a South Korean handball player who is current playing for HBW Balingen-Weilstetten in the Handball-Bundesliga.
Cho was a runner-up for top goal scorer (45 goals in 6 games) at the 1992 Summer Olympics held in Barcelona, Spain, where the South Korea national handball team finished in the 6th place. He was eventually named to the All-Star Team of the competition. 
After winning a gold medal at the 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima, Japan, he moved to the Swiss Handball League in October 1994. For 13 years in Switzerland, he led his teams to the league champions eight times, winning two scoring titles and one league MVP.
In 2007, Cho moved to Germany to play for HBW Balingen-Weilstetten in the Handball-Bundesliga. In 2008, he was selected for the South Korea national handball team at the age of 38, and led his team to the quarterfinals of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="21385340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385340" title="173rd meridian west">
173rd meridian west

The meridian 173° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 173rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 7th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 173rd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21385357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385357" title="Dave Nutbrown">
Dave Nutbrown

Dave Nutbrown is a Canadian basketball coach.
Dave Nutbrown grew up in Quebec, and attended the University of New Brunswick where he played varsity basketball for the Red Raiders. In 1966-67 Nutbrown led UNB to a first place record of 10-2 and their first and only Maritime intercollegiate championship, scoring 247 points for a 20.6 per game average which placed him fifth in the conference. In 1968-69, he set the school's single-game scoring mark (44 points), since tied by Doug Thompson in 2005-2006. Following his university career Nutbrown received a tryout with the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association. He returned Canada and coached St. Stephen's high school boy's basketball team in the early 1970s before becoming head coach of the UPEI Panthers of the University of Prince Edward Island in the early 1980s.
Acadia University.
After some success as coach at UPEI, Nutbrown was hired as Men's Basketball coach at Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia. At Acadia, Nutbrown was a six-time conference Coach of the Year and received the Stewart W. Aberdeen Memorial Trophy as CIAU men's basketball coach of the year in 1987-88. That year Nutbrown led Acadia to the CIAU final with a starting lineup of five native Nova Scotia players - Peter Morris, Kevin Veinot, Grant MacDonald, Charles Ikejiani and Tyrone Carvery. 2003-2004 was Nutbrown's final season as Acadia coach - since that time the University has had four other men's basketball coaches.
1993 World University Games.
Nutbrown also coached extensively with the Canadian National Team program alongside coaches such as Ken Shields and John Dore. He was the head coach for Canada at the XVII World University Games (or 1993 Summer Universiade), leading Canada to a 5-2 record and a berth in the tournament final against the dominant host country United States. In that year's tournament, the United States roster featured future NBA players including Damon Stoudamire, Michael Finley, Ed O'Bannon, Sharone Wright, Eric Piatkowski, and Carlos Rogers, averaged 40 more points than its opponents and had six players averaging in double figures. The United States entered the final with a cumulative 18-game winning streak and overall record of 90-6 in the event.
The USA's perfect record and aspirations for a gold medal nearly came to an end as an inspired Canadian team forced the Americans to mount a second-half comeback before the U.S. earned a 95-90 win. Controlling the entire first half, Canada led by 17 points, 41-24, with 3:48 to go in the first half, however, the U.S. managed to cut the Canadian's lead to 12, 52-40, by halftime. Trailing 59-50 with 16:43 to play, the U.S., behind five points from captain Damon Stoudamire, went on a 16-0 scoring run to regain the lead, 66-59 with 12:50 to play. The U.S. went on to lead by as many as 10 points, but Canada rallied to cut the lead to one 87-86 with 2:48 to play. However, an Ed O'Bannon basket was followed by a jumper from Finley and the U.S. was back in front by five, 91-86. Canada cut the lead to three, 91-88 with 1:48 to play, but the USA's Stoudamire countered with a basket with 1:21 left to push the U.S. lead back to five and the USA managed to hold off the Canadians from there for the 95-90 victory and the gold medal. Jeff Foreman led Canada with 30 points.
Notable Media Appearances.
Nutbrown was featured on the CBC television program Sports Journal with host Tom Harrington on June 17, 2001 
Nutbrown was featured in the They Said It section of Sports Illustrated on February 10, 1997 with the following entry:<br>
Dave Nutbrown<br>
Men's basketball coach at Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, after his team rallied from an 18-point halftime deficit against Saint Mary's of nearby Halifax, only to lose 86-81 in overtime: "Moral victories are for losers"
Dalhousie University.
Nutbrown joined the Dalhousie University men's basketball team as an assistant coach for the 2008-2009 season. The Tigers won the Atlantic University Sport conference tournament in his first season, becoming conference champions for just the second time ever, and the first since 1996. The Tigers won the AUS championship again during the 2010-2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21385358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385358" title="IBM Sequoia">
IBM Sequoia

IBM Sequoia is a petascale Blue Gene/Q supercomputer constructed by IBM for the National Nuclear Security Administration as part of the Advanced Simulation and Computing Program (ASC). It was delivered to the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) in 2011 and was fully deployed in June 2012.
On 14 June 2012, the TOP500 Project Committee announced that Sequoia replaced the K computer as the world's fastest supercomputer, with a LINPACK performance of 16.32 petaflops, 55% faster than the K computer's 10.51 petaflops, having 123% more cores than the K computer's 705,024 cores. Sequoia is also more energy efficient, as it consumes 7.9 MW, 37% less than the K computer's 12.6 MW.
As of 17 June 2013, Sequoia had dropped to #3 on the TOP500 ranking, behind Tianhe-2 and Titan. It is still #3 on the TOP500 ranking of November 2013.
Record-breaking science applications have been run on Sequoia, the first to cross 10 petaflops of sustained performance. The cosmology simulation framework HACC achieved almost 14 petaflops with a 3.6 trillion particle benchmark run, while the Cardioid code, which models the electrophysiology of the human heart, achieved nearly 12 petaflops with a near real-time simulation.
The entire supercomputer runs on Linux, with CNK running on over 98,000 nodes, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux running on 768 I/O nodes that are connected to the Lustre filesystem.
Dawn prototype.
IBM built a prototype, called "Dawn," capable of 500 teraflops, using the Blue Gene/P design, to evaluate the Sequoia design. This system was delivered in April 2009 and entered the Top500 list at 9th place in June 2009.
Purpose.
Sequoia will be used primarily for nuclear weapons simulation, replacing the current Blue Gene/L and ASC Purple supercomputers at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. Sequoia will also be available for scientific purposes such as astronomy, energy, lattice QCD, study of the human genome, and climate change.
Design.
Node architecture.
Sequoia is a Blue Gene/Q design, building off previous Blue Gene designs. It consists of 96 racks containing 98,304 compute nodes The compute nodes are 16-core PowerPC A2 processor chips with 16 GB of DDR3 memory each. Thus the system contains in total 1,572,864 processor cores [96*1024*16 with 1.5 PiB memory. It covers an area of about . The computer nodes are interconnected in a 5-dimensional torus topology.
Job scheduler.
LLNL will use the SLURM job scheduler, which is also used by the Dawn prototype and China's Tianhe-IA, to manage Sequoia's resources.
Filesystem.
LLNL uses Lustre as the parallel filesystem, and has ported ZFS to Linux as the Lustre OSD (Object Storage Device) to take advantage of the performance and advanced features of the filesystem.
In Sept 2011, NetApp announced that the DoE had selected the company for 55 PB of storage.
Power usage.
The complete system will draw about 6 MW of power but is projected to have an unprecedented efficiency in performance per watt. The Sequoia design will perform 3000 Mflops/watt, about 7 times as efficient as the Blue Gene/P design it is replacing, and more than 3 times as efficient as a prior (June 2011) Top 500 leader.
Application.
In January 2013, the Sequoia sets the record for the first supercomputer using more than one million computing cores at a time for a single application. The Stanford Engineering's Center for Turbulence Research (CTR) used it to solve a complex fluid dynamics problem — the prediction of noise generated by a supersonic jet engine.

</doc>
<doc id="21385359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385359" title="Kolponomos clallamensis">
Kolponomos clallamensis

Kolponomos clallamensis is a species of extinct marine bear known from the Miocene of Slip Point Lighthouse, Washington (, paleocoordinates ).
"Kolponomos clallamensis" is a large aquatic amphicynodont. The species was originally based on a rostrum found in 1957 at Slip Point in Clallam Bay, Washington. A nearly complete cranium was found at the same location in 1988. Both "K. clallamensis" and "K. newportensis" are associated with the late Arikareean NALMA.

</doc>
<doc id="21385364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385364" title="Local authority leaders' board">
Local authority leaders' board

Local authority leaders' boards are voluntary associations of council leaders that have been established in England following the abolition of the regional chambers established in 1998 by the Regional Development Agencies Act 1998. The establishment of the boards was part of the UK Government's "Review of Sub-National Economic Development and Regeneration". which brought forward the Government's plans to alter the structure of regional governance in England and was mandated by the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009. In June 2010, the new Conservative-LibDem coalition government announced plans to remove funding from the new boards and to remove their statutory functions. It was indicated that the boards might continue as voluntary associations of council leaders.
These changes did not affect the directly elected London Assembly, which was established by separate legislation as part of the Greater London Authority.
The local authority leaders' boards.
The current leaders' boards are:
Each leaders' board corresponds to a region of England.
Structure and functions.
When the regional chambers were abolished, their executive functions transferred to the regional development agencies, and their scrutiny functions became exercised by the new leader's boards. The RDA and the leader's board were to jointly produce a new Single Regional Strategy, with ministers exercising an oversight function.
The UK Government did not propose a set structure for the boards and each region was free to make its own arrangements. The Government however did aim for the boards to be:
Withdrawal of funding.
In June 2010, the new Conservative-LibDem coalition government announced its intentions to abolish regional strategies and return spatial planning powers to local government. These plans include the withdrawal of funding to the existing eight local authority leaders' boards with their statutory functions also being assumed by local councils. The boards may continue to exist as voluntary associations of council leaders, funded by the local authorities themselves. They continue to exist as regional groupings of the Local Government Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21385367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385367" title="List of The Royle Family episodes">
List of The Royle Family episodes

"The Royle Family" is a popular, BAFTA award-winning television sitcom produced by Granada Television for the BBC, which ran for three series between 1998 and 2000, with special episodes in 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2012. Two sketches for Children in Need (2008) and Comic Relief (2009) have also been aired.
A Christmas Special was originally commissioned for 2011 but Aherne & Cash failed to complete the script in time. 
In an interview with "The Sun" newspaper in 2013, Tomlinson announced that there might be a Series 4 in the future.
A total of 25 episodes of "The Royle Family" have been broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="21385384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385384" title="HAIR-AN syndrome">
HAIR-AN syndrome

HAIR-AN syndrome consists of hyperandrogenism (HA), insulin resistance (IR), and acanthosis nigricans (AN).
It is a subset of polycystic ovary syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="21385422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385422" title="Brazilian painting">
Brazilian painting

Brazilian painting, or visual arts, emerged in the late 16th century, influenced by the Baroque style imported from Portugal. Until the beginning of the 19th century, that style was the dominant school of painting in Brazil, flourishing across the whole of the settled settled territories, mainly along the coast but also in important inland centers like Minas Gerais. Major painters in this period were Ricardo do Pilar, José Joaquim da Rocha, José Teófilo de Jesus, Joaquim José da Natividade, José Eloy, Manuel de Jesus Pinto, João de Deus Sepúlveda, Manuel da Cunha, but chief among them was Manuel da Costa Ataíde, working towards the end of the 18th century, head of the first original school of painting in the country, with a delicate and somewhat personal interpretation of Rococo style in which he first depicted angels and saints with mulato features.
A sudden break with the Baroque tradition was imposed on the art of the nation by the arrival of the Portuguese court in 1808, fleeing the French invasion of Portugal. However, Baroque painting still survived in many places until the end of the 19th century. In 1816, the king, John VI, supported the project of creating a national Academy at the suggestion of some French artists led by Joachim Lebreton, a group later known as the French Artistic Mission. They were instrumental in introducing the Neoclassical style and a new concept of artistic education mirroring the European academies, being the first teachers at the newly founded school of art. Through the following 70 years, the "Royal School of Sciences, Arts and Crafts", later renamed the Imperial Academy of Fine Arts, would dictate the standards in art, a mixed trend of Neoclassicism, Romanticism, and Realism with nationalist inclinations which would be the basis for the production of a large amount of canvases depicting the nation's history, battle scenes, landscapes, portraits, genre painting, and still lifes, and featuring national characters like black people and Indians. Victor Meirelles, Pedro Américo, and Almeida Junior were the leaders of such academic art, but this period also received important contributions from foreigners like Georg Grimm, Augusto Müller, and Nicola Antonio Facchinetti.
In 1889 the monarchy was abolished, and the republican government renamed the Imperial Academy the National School of the Fine Arts, which would be short-lived, absorbed in 1931 by the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. Meanwhile, Modernism was already being cultivated in São Paulo and by some academic painters, and the new movement superseded Academicism. In 1922 the event called "Week of Modern Art" broke definitely with academic tradition and started a nationalist trend which was, however, influenced by Primitivism and by European Expressionism, Surrealism and Cubism. Anita Malfatti, Ismael Nery, Lasar Segall, Emiliano di Cavalcanti, Vicente do Rego Monteiro, and Tarsila do Amaral wrought major changes in painting, while groups like Santa Helena and Núcleo Bernardelli evolved toward a moderate interpretation of Modernism, with important artists such as Aldo Bonadei and José Pancetti. Cândido Portinari is the best example of this last tendency. Under government patronage he dominated Brazilian painting in the mid-20th century until Abstractionism showed up in the 1950s.
The period between 1950 and 1970 witnessed the emergence of many new styles. Action painting, Lyrical Abstraction, Neoconcretism, Neoexpressionism, Pop art, Neorealism—all contributed to some extent to the creation of huge diversity in Brazilian painting and to the updating of Brazilian art. After a period of relative decline in the conceptualist 1970s, national art revived in the 1980s under the influence of the world's renewed interest in traditional painting. Then Brazilian painting showed a new strength, spread across the whole country, and started being appreciated in international forums.
Before Discovery.
Relatively little is known in respect to the pictorial art practiced in Brazil before the Portuguese discovery of the territory. The indigenous people the colonizers encountered did not practice painting as it was known in Europe, using paint for bodily decoration and the decoration of ceramic artifacts. Among the indigenous relics that survived this era, a good collection of pieces from the Marajoara, Tapajós and Santarém cultures stand out, but the ceramic tradition as much as that of body painting have been preserved by the indigenous that still reside in Brazil, the elements among them being some of the most distinctive of their cultures. There also exist diverse painted panels of hunting scenes and other figures created by pre-historic peoples in caves and on rock walls in certain archeological sites. These paintings probably had ritual functions and would have been seen as endowed with magical powers, capable of capturing the souls of depicted animals and therefore allowing for successful hunts. The most ancient complex of sites known is that of the Serra da Capivara, at Piauí, which exhibits painted remains dated 32 thousand years ago. None of these traditions, however, was incorporated into the artistic current introduced by the Portuguese colonizers, which became predominant. As Roberto Burle Marx put it, the art of colonial Brazil is, in every sense, art of the Portuguese mother country, although on Brazilian soil various imposed adaptations have occurred through the specific local circumstances of the colonial process.
Precursors.
Among the first explorers of the newly discovered land came artists and naturalists, charged with making a visual register of the flora, fauna, geography and native peoples, working only with watercolor and engraving. One can cite the Frenchman, Jean Gardien, who produced illustrations of animals for the book, "Histoire d'un Voyage faict en la terre du Brésil, autrement dite Amerique", published in 1578 by Jean de Lery, and the priest Andre Thevet, who declared to have naturally produced all of the illustrations for his three scientific books edited in 1557, 1575, and 1584, where a portrait of the Indian Cunhambebe was included.
Such output from the travelers still displayed features of late renaissance art, also known as Mannerism, and became increasingly part of the European artistic atmosphere, for whose public it was produced, than the Brazilian, even though of larger interest were the landscape portraits and those of people from the early colonial period. The first known European painter that left work in Brazil was the Jesuit priest Manuel Sanches (or Manuel Alves), who passed through Salvador in 1560 en route to the West Indies but left at least one painted panel at the Jesuit Society school in that city. Even more noteworthy was the frier Belchior Paulo, who docked here in 1587 together with other Jesuits, and left decorative works spread out among many of the major Jesuit Society schools until his trail was abruptly lost in 1619. With Belchior, the history of Brazilian painting had effectively begun.
Pernambuco and the Dutch.
The first Brazilian cultural nucleus that resembled a European court was founded in Recife in 1637 by the Dutch administrator, count Maurício de Nassau. Heir of the Renaissance spirit, as described by Gouvêa, Nassau implemented a series of administrative and infrastructural reforms in what was known as, "Dutch Brazil". Furthermore, he brought in his entourage a plethora of scientists, humanists and artists, who brought about a brilliant outside culture to the locale, and although they weren't able to reach all of their higher objectives, their presence resulted in the preparation, by white men in the tropics, of an unparalleled cultural work for the time and something considerably superior to what was being carried out by the Portuguese in other parts of the territory. Two painters stood out in their circle, Frans Posts and Albert Eckhout, producing works that allied a detailed documentary character to a superlative aesthetic quality, and up to today they stand as one of the primary sources of the study of landscape, nature and life of indigenous peoples and slaves of that region. This work, though it was returned to Europe upon the departure of the count in 1644, represented, in painting, the last echo of the Renaissance aesthetic on Brazilian soil.
The Flourishing Baroque.
Between the 17th and 18th Centuries the Brazilian painting style was the Baroque, a reaction against the classicism of the Renaissance, originating through the asymmetry, the excessive, the expressive, and the irregular. Far from representing a purely aesthetic tendency, these features constituted a true way of life and gave tone to the whole culture of the period, a culture that emphasized contrast, the conflict, the dynamic, the dramatic, the grandiloquent, the dissolution of limits, together with an accentuated taste for opulence of forms and materials, transforming into a perfect vehicle for the Catholic Church of the counter reform and the ascending absolute monarchies to express their ideas visually. The monumental structures raised during the Baroque, such as the palaces and the great theaters and churches, sought to create a spectacular and exuberant natural impact, offering an integration between the various artistic languages and catching the observer in a cathartic and impassioned atmosphere. For Sevcenko, no piece of Baroque artwork can be adequately analyzed divested from its context, since its nature is synthetic, binding, and compelling. This aesthetic had great approval in the Iberian Peninsula, especially in Portugal, whose culture, beyond being essentially catholic and monarchic, was filled with millenarianism and mysticism inherited from the Arabs and Jews, favoring a religiousness characterized by emotional intensity. And from Portugal the movement passed to their colony in America, where the cultural context of the indigenous peoples, marked by ritualism and festivity, supplied a receptive backdrop.
The Brazilian Baroque was formed through a complex fabric of European and local influences, although generally colored by the Portuguese interpretation of the style. It is necessary to remember that the context in which the Baroque developed in the colony was completely different from its European origins. Here, the environment was one of poverty and scarcity, with everything yet to be done, and contrary to Europe, within the immense colony of Brazil, there was no court, the local administration was inefficient and sluggish, opening a vast performance space for the Church and it's missionary battalions, who administered in addition to divine services, a series of civil services such as issuance of birth and death certificates. They were on the vanguard of conquest of the interior of the territory, serving as evangelists and pacifiers to indigenous populations, founding

</doc>
<doc id="21385426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385426" title="ANOTHER syndrome">
ANOTHER syndrome

ANOTHER syndrome consists of alopecia, nail dystrophy, ophthalmic complications, thyroid dysfunction, hypohidrosis, ephelides and enteropathy, and respiratory tract infections. This is an autosomal recessive variant of ectodermal dysplasia.

</doc>
<doc id="21385473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385473" title="4 in Love">
4 in Love

4 in Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21385478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385478" title="Sukoshi Zutsu, Taisetsu ni">
Sukoshi Zutsu, Taisetsu ni


</doc>
<doc id="21385510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385510" title="Punctuated Equilibrium (album)">
Punctuated Equilibrium (album)

Punctuated Equilibrium is the first solo album by American singer/guitarist Scott "Wino" Weinrich, released in January 2009 on Southern Lord.
Track listing.
Bonus 10" Vinyl Tracks

</doc>
<doc id="21385537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385537" title="Angel in Disguise">
Angel in Disguise

Angel in Disguise may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21385561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385561" title="Application service management">
Application service management

Application service management (ASM) is an emerging discipline within systems management that focuses on monitoring and managing the performance and quality of service of business transactions.
ASM can be defined as a well-defined process and use of related tools to detect, diagnose, remedy and report the service quality of complex business transactions to ensure that they meet or exceed end-users’ Performance measurements relate to how fast transactions are completed or information is delivered to the end user by the aggregate of applications, operating systems, hypervisors (if applicable), hardware platforms, and network interconnects. The critical components of ASM include application discovery & mapping, application "health" measurement & management, transaction-level visibility, and incident-related triage.
ASM is related to application performance management (APM), but serves as a more pragmatic, "top-down" approach that focuses on delivery of business services. In strict definition, ASM differs from APM in two critical ways.
Application service management extends the concepts of end-user experience management and real user management in that measuring the experience of real users is a critical data point. However, ASM also requires the ability to quickly isolate the root cause of those slow-downs, thereby expanding the scope of real user monitoring/management.
The use of application service management is common for complex, multi-tier transactional applications. Further, the introduction of hypervisor-based virtualization technologies has proven a catalyst for the adoption of ASM technologies, as complex applications are disproportionately impacted by the introduction of hypervisors into an existing environment A study by the Aberdeen Group indicates that most deployments of virtualization technologies are hampered by their impact on complex transactional applications

</doc>
<doc id="21385563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385563" title="172nd meridian west">
172nd meridian west

The meridian 172° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 172nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 8th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 172nd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21385567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385567" title="Luís Correia, Piauí">
Luís Correia, Piauí

Luís Correia is one of the four coastal cities of Piauí, Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="21385624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385624" title="Happiness (band)">
Happiness (band)

Happiness is an alternative rock band from Helsinki, Finland. Formed in 2005, the band's current line-up consist of Alexandre Descargues (lead vocals), Jussi Korhonen (bass, vocals), Mikko Pietinen (drums) and Hans Hansen (guitar).
Their style can be defined as a mix of influences from bands like Queens of the Stone Age, Muse, Nine Inch Nails, Radiohead, Mew and Tool.
Most of their compositions are in English. The lyrics and single covers are strong and rated for containing cursing, sexual connotations and politics.
Made their debut in the rock scene with the album "66Ft Melodies" in October 2007; recorded in the Dynasty Recordings and released by Warner Music Finland.
The first single was "Accelerate" in May 2007, that made them having a notable rotation in the media.
The second was "Need You" in September 2007, but it was censored and criticized by some media for containing the word "cock" in it.
In the next year, they released two singles more, "Eternal Sunshine of a Communist Mind" in May 2008 and "We Have Come in Means of Terror" in October 2008.
They have been the opener band of artists such as Marilyn Manson and My Chemical Romance, giving them the chance to play in the Ice Hall from Helsinki.
Currently, the band is recording a new album for 2010.
Discography.
"66Ft. Melodies" (October 3, 2007)
Singles.
Accelerate
Need You
Eternal Sunshine of a Communist Mind

</doc>
<doc id="21385629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385629" title="To the Left with Refoundation">
To the Left with Refoundation

To the Left with Refoundation ("A Sinistra con Rifondazione") is a faction within the Communist Refoundation Party, a communist political party in Italy. Its leader is Austo Rocchi and represents the right-wing of the party.
The faction was formed on 31 January 2009 by those members of Refoundation for the Left who decided not to leave the party, after that the majority of that group had left the party in order to form a new political party on the left, the Movement for the Left (MpS). These included, among many others, Giusto Catania, Milziade Caprili, Tommaso Sodano, Rosa Rinaldi and Marilde Provera.
Soon after Rocchi and his group took back the "Refoundation for the Left" title.

</doc>
<doc id="21385647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385647" title="The Time of the Assassins">
The Time of the Assassins

The Time of the Assassins is the debut album by The Strokes' bassist Nikolai Fraiture, released under the pseudonym Nickel Eye. It was released on Rykodisc on January 27, 2009.
Two singles were released from the album: "Brandy of the Damned", backed with album track "Back from Exile", and "Dying Star", which was released for Record Store Day 2009 and featured a remix of "Brandy of the Damned" by English musician/producer Mark Ronson. Music videos were also released for "Brandy of the Damned" and "You and Everyone Else", and an unofficial video was made for "Dying Star".
On October 14, 2008, a blog post appeared on the Nickel Eye MySpace page under the title "The Time of the Assassins". It read: 
"At the age of 19, a naive young man began a voyage down South looking to cultivate his garden in the wilderness of the American promise. Long before the flood in New Orleans, he met a street musician called "Woof" on Jackson Square, the leader of a three-piece jazz band playing standards for tourists outside a church. The story goes that one day, as Woof sang Louis Armstrong's lyric "I see friends shaking hands", he approached the young traveler in the crowd. Woof shook his hand and with a possessed stare put a spell on him. While still in New Orleans, a Native-American medicine woman caught sight of the young man's hands and stopped him. After observing them for a moment, she ominously warned: "To find yourself, you must first completely lose yourself". A few nights later, while in his bed at the New Orleans Youth Hostel, there began what would be endless months of hallucinations and haunting visions: Rocky Mountain Fever. In a burning vision, when the struggle became too great to withstand, he saw the Phoenix rise. He had found himself at the Crossroads and music was his only remedy. Our weary traveler shed his youthful skin and thus began the rebirth of Nickel Eye."

</doc>
<doc id="21385664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385664" title="Buildings at 10, 12, 14, and 16 East Chase Street">
Buildings at 10, 12, 14, and 16 East Chase Street

Buildings at 10, 12, 14, and 16 East Chase Street is a historic set of rowhouses located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Number 10 is a -story brick townhouse with a 3-bay front façade, fitted with marble facing from ground to first floor level. It is believed to have been designed by Bruce Price and / or E. Francis Baldwin, architects of neighboring Christ Church. Numbers 12, 14, and 16, by contrast, are identical -story, two-bay houses constructed of green serpentine marble with contrasting stone detail. The group dates from between 1870 and 1875. They represent a fine example of the Gothic Revival style as interpreted for domestic architecture.
The Buildings at 10, 12, 14, and 16 East Chase Street were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21385679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385679" title="Little Mountain (Ohio)">
Little Mountain (Ohio)

Little Mountain is a hill on the border of Lake County's Concord Township and Geauga County's Chardon Township in Ohio, U.S., with an elevation of . It, along with nearby Gildersleeve Mountain, Brown Mountain, and Thompson Ledges, is located along the northern ridge of an extension of the Allegheny Plateau.
The first permanent modern settler arrived at Little Mountain in 1815.
In the late 19th Century, a resort was located near the summit; it has been the location of various hotels, the first built in 1831, the last demolished in 1925. Among the resort's frequent visitors were James A. Garfield and John D. Rockefeller. A nearby settlement called Joice's Corners existed briefly during the time of the resort.
Nearby Holden Arboretum provides tours of Little Mountain, whose access is otherwise restricted, and owns much of the land encompassing it.

</doc>
<doc id="21385690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385690" title="David Bell (artist)">
David Bell (artist)

Ernest David Bell (4 June 1915 – 21 April 1959) was an English-born writer and curator, who was a controversial figure in Welsh arts by challenging the country's artistic heritage, but was also a supporter of young Welsh talent in the field of contemporary arts in the 20th century.
Biography.
Bell was born in 1915 in London, to Idris Bell, a translator of Welsh poetry to English, and Mabel Winifred. Privately educated in England, Bell gained his first appreciation of the arts at Merchant Taylors' School. He graduated from the Royal College of Art and joined the Egypt Exploration Society, working in Sesebi in the Sudan and Amarah in Iraq. With the outbreak of World War II, Bell found work with the cartographical department of the Admiralty, first in England, and then in Wales, being posted to the National Library of Wales at Aberystwyth. 
After the end of the war, Bell was appointed the Assistant Director of the Welsh Arts Council and in 1951 he became the curator of the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery in Swansea. In 1952, Bell, along with his father translated the works of Dafydd ap Gwilym, and he continued translating Welsh works, like his father, throughout his later life. In 1957, Bell published the work "The Artist in Wales", in which he implied that Wales, as a country, did not possess a worthwhile visual cultural history. This caused a backlash from his others in the field of arts in Wales and the national media.
Although challenging the Welsh field of arts, Bell was a keen supporter of young talent in the country, and gave significant support to living artists, buying works from contemporary artists, such as Ceri Richards for the Glynn Vivian Museum.
Bell's paintings are represented in the permanent collections of the Glyn Vivian Gallery and the National Museum of Wales. 

</doc>
<doc id="21385696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385696" title="Engelberg (album)">
Engelberg (album)

Engelberg is the ninth album recorded by Swiss singer Stephan Eicher, released in 1991. It contains songs in French, English and German languages. In France, it provided four successful singles : "Dejeuner en paix" (#2), "Pas d'ami (comme toi)" (#7), "Hemmige" (#27) and "Tu ne me dois rien" (#25). It remains to date the singer's largest commercial success.
Chart performances.
In Switzerland, the album started at number four on 23 June 1991, and climbed at number one for five consecutive weeks in August 1991. It totaled 46 weeks on the chart (top 40), 23 of them in the top ten, and earned a double platinum disc.
In France, the album debuted at #37 on 19 July 1991 on the SNEP Albums Chart and had a peak at number two for six weeks, almost three months after its release. It totaled 21 weeks in the top ten and 74 weeks in the top 50. The album eventually achieved 2 x Platinum status.

</doc>
<doc id="21385705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385705" title="Maryland Route 382">
Maryland Route 382

Maryland Route 382 (MD 382) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Croom Road, the highway runs from the Charles–Prince George's county line near Aquasco north to U.S. Route 301 (US 301) in Marlton. MD 382 connects Upper Marlboro with the southeastern corner of Prince George's County and northeastern Charles County. The highway formerly extended west from its southern terminus to Waldorf. MD 382 was built from what is now US 301 south through Croom between the mid-1920s and early 1930s. The highway was extended south and west through Charles County to near Waldorf in the mid-1950s. Part of the extension has been built in the late 1920s as part of MD 233, a parallel highway that extended east to the county line near Aquasco. MD 382 was truncated at the county line to achieve its present length in the late 1980s.
Route description.
MD 382 begins at a bridge across County Line Creek, which forms the border between Charles and Prince George's counties. The road continues west into Charles County as Covington Road and then Poplar Hill Road past the Dr. Samuel A. Mudd House to Waldorf. MD 382 heads northeast as an two-lane road and intersects MD 381 (Brandywine Road) at the hamlet of Poplar Hill north of Aquasco, where the highway expands to in width. The highway continues north parallel to the Patuxent River and crosses Black Swamp Creek, Full Mill Branch, and Rock Creek. The highway passes several units of Patuxent River Park, which encompasses some of the bottomlands along the river. MD 382 veers away from the river and passes the historic home Brookefield of the Berrys in the hamlet of Naylor. The highway crosses across Mataponi Creek, which flows into the Patuxent River between another unit of the Patuxent River Park and the Merkle Wildlife Sanctuary and Visitor's Center.
MD 382 continues through the village of Croom, where it passes by St. Thomas' Church and the John W. Coffren House and Store and to the east of the historic manor house at Bellefields. The state highway continues to the west of the historic home Waverly and Mount Calvert Historical and Archaeological Park. MD 382 veers northwest and intersects CSX's Pope's Creek Subdivision at grade and crosses swampy Charles Branch as it runs along the edge of the suburban residential development of Marlton. The highway passes Frederick Douglass High School before reaching its northern terminus at US 301 (Robert Crain Highway).
History.
In addition to the existing section of MD 382 in Prince George's County, there was a continuation of the state highway in Charles County west to near Waldorf. The Croom Road portion of the highway was started in 1924 from MD 3 (now US 301) and completed beyond the Pope's Creek Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad to near Mount Calvert Road in 1924 and 1925. MD 382 was extended south to about Croom Airport Road north of Croom in 1926 and 1927. The extension of the highway south to Candy Hill Road at Naylor was started in 1930. MD 382 was completed to just south of Rock Creek in 1932. Part of the Charles County segment of MD 382 was constructed as MD 233. MD 233 was built from Beantown southeast of Waldorf at the modern intersection of MD 5 and MD 5 Business east along Poplar Hill Road to a point west of Zekiah Swamp in 1926 and 1927. The highway was extended east to Dr. Samuel Mudd Road, then continued along that road to Bryantown Road, which became MD 232, in 1928. MD 233 construction continued along Woodville Road, paralleling Poplar Hill Road to the south. The highway was completed to the Washington, Brandywine and Point Lookout Railroad (now the Herbert Subdivision of the Pope's Creek Subdivision) at Gallant Green in 1929. MD 233 was extended to County Line Creek in two sections between 1930 and 1933.
MD 382 was extended south from Rock Creek to MD 381 in 1955. In 1956, the state highway was extended west from MD 381 to County Line Creek and west along Covington Road and Poplar Hill Road to MD 5 at Beantown. MD 382 took over the portion of MD 233 from Dr. Samuel Mudd Road to Beantown, Dr. Samuel Mudd Road became a northward extension of MD 232, and the Woodville Road portion of MD 233 was transferred to Charles County. The portion of MD 382 in Charles County except from MD 5 to Mattawoman–Beantown Road was transferred to county maintenance in 1989. That segment at the western end became the southern end of MD 205, which was assigned at the same time along Mattawoman-Beantown Road north to US 301. The southern end of MD 205 was relocated and reconstructed as a divided highway as MD 5's new bypass of Waldorf in 1997. A bypassed portion of Poplar Hill Road at the old intersection between Poplar Hill Road and Mattawoman–Beantown Road became MD 382F by 1999.
Auxiliary routes.
There are two auxiliary routes of MD 382 located near Waldorf in Charles County.

</doc>
<doc id="21385717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385717" title="171st meridian west">
171st meridian west

The meridian 171° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 171st meridian west forms a great circle with the 9th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 171st meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21385718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385718" title="Józef Kuraś">
Józef Kuraś

Józef Kuraś, (October 23, 1915 – February 22, 1947), noms-de-guerre "Orzeł" (Eagle) and from June 1943 "Ogień" (Fire); was born in Waksmund near Nowy Targ. He served as lieutenant in the Polish Army during the invasion of Poland, and became the underground member of Armia Krajowa and Bataliony Chłopskie in the Podhale region. Soon after the end of World War II, he was one of the leaders of anticommunist resistance.
Kuraś died in Nowy Targ on February 22, 1947 from a self-inflicted wound after having been ambushed at Ostrowsko by units of the Polish secret police. Vilified by communist propaganda and accused by UBP of , he was officially rehabilitated only after the fall of communism in Europe. In 2006, the Polish president Kaczynski opened an official memorial in Zakopane, in recognition of his resistance efforts. However, Kuraś still remains a controversial figure from after the Soviet takeover of Poland.
Early life.
Józef Kuraś was born in a Goral family with traditions of engagement in social and patriotic activities. From 1936 until 1938 he served in the Polish army, at first in the 2nd Polish Highland Battalion and then in the Border Protection Corps. On February 13, 1939 he married Elżbieta Chorąży. During the Polish September Campaign he fought as part of the 2nd Polish Highland Battalion. After the defeat of Poland, he unsuccessfully tried to make his way to Hungary with a hope of joining the Polish army being formed in France. Eventually he made his way back to his home village where already in November 1939 he joined the anti-Nazi resistance organization Union of Armed Struggle (ZWZ) with a nom de guerre "Orzeł" (Eagle).
In ZWZ and AK.
In 1941 "Orzeł" became the leader of a local partisan unit "Konfederacja Tatrzańska" (Tatra Confederation, KT), associated with the pre-war agrarian People's Party (SL). On June 29, 1943 the Germans carried out a "pacification" of Waksmund and murdered his father, his wife, his two-year-old son, sent his two brothers to a concentration camp and burned his house. After this Kuraś changed his pseudonym to "Ogień" (Fire).
In the same year the Gestapo, acting on tips from informants, managed to break up the KT. Those who escaped arrest, including Kuraś ended up joining units of Armia Krajowa, newly formed in the region. At the same time Kuraś kept up his contact with individuals associated with SL.
At the end of December 1943, the Germans, again with help from informants, managed to surprise the partisans and attacked their camp. As a result two members of AK were killed. At the time due to absence of the local AK leader Krystian Wieckowski, "Zawisza", Kuraś, as second in command was in charge. On the initiative of "Zawisza" Kuraś was accused of negligence of duty and blamed for allowing the attack to happen. Despite the fact that Kuraś sent detailed reports and depositions on the incident to the Regional Command of the AK and requested that a thorough investigation be conducted, Kuraś was found guilty and sentenced to death. Because of support of SL members in the AK the sentence was not carried out and in the summer of 1944 it was rescinded.
However as a result of this incident Kuraś left the AK and with a group of close friends joined Bataliony Chłopskie the underground military arm of SL-Roch.
In BCh and cooperation with AL.
At the end of 1944, with full knowledge of SL leadership, Kuraś established contacts and began cooperating with a newly arrived unit of Armia Ludowa (AL) "For Free Homeland" led by Lt. Isaac Gutman ("Zygfryd") and Soviet partisans. The motivation was twofold. First, joint actions against Germans could be more effective. Second, the agrarians were hoping to be able to introduce their own people into the local government and police once the Soviets arrived (which at the time seemed imminent) and retain at least local control over the region. A similar strategic plan was implemented by the SL in Małopolska. While most of the joint actions carried out by Kuraś and Gutman where directed against the Germans, apparently, during this period, Kuraś also took part in operations against his former colleagues from Armia Krajowa whom the Soviets and the AL treated as hostile forces. Partly for this reason, but also because of his earlier 'desertion' from the AK, some former AK veterans still regard Kuraś as little more than a common bandit.
In December 1944 he delivered a written declaration to Gutman, proclaiming his allegiance to the Soviet-controlled Polish Committee of National Liberation government and voluntarily came under Gutman's command. From then on until the arrival of the Red Army Kuraś together with the AL carried out numerous actions against the Germans. On December 31, 1944, together with Soviet partisans his unit blew up a German train, on January 20, 1945, together with Gutman's unit, he attacked and dispersed a column of German military trucks and finally, on January 27, Kuraś used his knowledge of local terrain to lead several companies of the Red Army through the mountains around Nowy Targ enabling the Soviets to outflank German forces which consequently withdrew without a fight.
Working for communist authorities.
Once the Podhale region came under Soviet control, Ogień came out of the mountains and led his men into Nowy Targ where, with approval from Gutman, he transformed his partisans into units of Citizen's Militia (MO) (roughly, a police force). Shortly after, communist authorities established the communist Secret Police, Ministry of Public Security of Poland (Urzad Bezpieczenstwa, UB), in the region and Kuraś, again on the recommendation of Gutman, became its commander. He used his position to put his people in key regional government and security posts.
However, it soon became apparent that the SL plan aimed at keeping local control through supporters (like Kuraś) was going to fail, particularly as Communist authorities began sending their own people from outside the region and putting them in top command posts. The new commanders of MO and local leaders of the communist party sent reports against Kuraś to the regional UB office in Kraków (Voivode Office of Public Security in Kraków, WUBP) and as a result he was ordered to report to the Kraków office of the UB. On his way there he was warned by friendly contacts that he was going to be arrested. An alternative version of the story reports that Kuraś himself opened the letters he was charged with delivering to the Kraków WUBP among which he found his own arrest warrant. As a result, after a three-month period as a nominal director of regional UB, on April 11, 1945, Józef Kuraś once again went "to the mountains" and together with some of his old soldiers created the partisan unit "Błyskawica" (Lighting bolt).
Back to the mountains.
Between April 11, 1945 and February 22, 1947 "Ogień" fought against communist authorities, the UB and the NKVD and those who supported the new political system of communist Poland. Most of the controversies surrounding Kuraś come from this period and many events have not been fully explained. During this time Kuraś refused to come under the authority of any other major underground anti-communist political or military organization (such as Freedom and Independence) and operated completely on his own.
By 1946, units loyal to Kuraś were active in an area covering most of south central Poland, from the border with Slovakia to the region around Kraków, up to Miechów County.
According to secret police sources which fought against him, "Ogień"'s unit (the "Ogniowcy") numbered around 700 soldiers. Out of these, 320 "revealed" themselves as a result of the amnesty law of February 22, 1947 (passed on the same day that Kuraś died), nevertheless a good many of them were later arrested, charged and sentenced anyway. In total, 184 members of his unit were captured, and out of those 32 were sentenced to death and 21 were actually executed (the sentences of the rest were commuted). Some 88 members of the unit died during this period, and this number includes those who were executed on the orders of Kuraś himself for banditry and/or treason (the UB informants were partly successful in infiltrating his unit). The fate of the rest of the partisans is unknown.
The UB documents state that "Ogień"'s partisans killed more than 60 functionaries of the secret police (UB), 40 members of the MO and 27 members of the NKWD. If the data from purported diary of "Ogień" (see below) is taken as true, he himself claimed that his unit killed 84 UB functionaries.
On April 21, 1946 Józef Kuraś was married for the second time, to Czesława Polaczyk. Both the public wedding in a church in Ostrowsko and the wedding party held the next day in a nearby town were manifestations of Ogień's strength and control over the area.
Death.
In the fall of 1946 the communist authorities began a major offensive against Kuraś' partisans. On January 21, 1947, "Ogień", while staying in a friendly village (Ostrowsko) with six of his fighters found himself surrounded by units of UB and MO (altogether numbering around 50 personnel) which had been tipped off as to his whereabouts by one their informants (a UB agent within Kuraś' unit ps. "Wanda"). During the ensuing gun fight two of the "Ogniowcy" were killed (including "Ogień"'s brother, Krzysztof Kuraś), two managed to escape, while Kuraś himself, along with Irena Olszewska, ps. "Hanka", slipped away and hid in a nearby building. However, after setting fire to the original house in which Kuraś and his men defended themselves, the UB quickly realized what had happened. At that point, Kuraś gave "Hanka" an order to surrender herself and after she did so, shot himself in the head. He did not die immediately and as a result was taken, unconscious to the hospital in Nowy Targ where he died the following day.
He was buried in an unmarked grave whose location remains unknown to this day.
Controversy and Kuraś' diary.
During the communist period in Poland, Kuraś was portrayed as a common bandit, a bloodthirsty anti-Semite who killed Jews and also persecuted the Slovak population of the region and who preyed on innocent people of Podhale. Most of the accusations are based on the writing of communist propagandist and former secret police chief in Nowy Targ, Władysław Machejek, who in 1955 published a historical novel in which he claimed to present a supposed copy of Kuraś' diary. Modern historians regard Machejek's diary as a fabrication but it continues to be occasionally cited as authentic in Western works.
Most of the controversy around Kuraś centers around material found in his supposed diaries. To complicate matters there are actually three sets of documents that are sometimes referred to as "Kuraś' diary".
The first of these is the diary presented by Machejek in his 1955 book "In the Morning There Came A Hurricane". He claimed that he found the diary after a gun battle with the partisans. This version of the diary is an obvious fabrication but "" quotes the fabricated text.
The second supposed diary comes from another communist writer, Stanisław Wałach, who was also chief of the UB in the region involved in fighting Ogień. Wałach published his version in 1975 in the book "There Once Was A Time In Poland". Whereas the Machejek's version contains much obviously over the top sensationalist information, Wałach's version is more somber. Unlike Machejek who portrays Kuraś as a common bandit, Wałach presents him more as a tragic figure who started out with good intentions but was demoralized by war and lawlessness. It is possible that this version of Kuraś' diary was based on an actual, now lost, diary.
The two versions of the diaries contradict themselves for the most part, although they both relate and comment on some well known incidents associated with Ogień. Since it is unlikely that Kuraś kept two different diaries, at least one, if not both, of these has to be false.
Finally, a set of internal UB documents from Kraków and Nowy Targ became available to historians after fall of communism in Poland. These documents contain information on the fighting between UB and NKVD and Kuraś at the time and were originally prepared for internal use by the secret police only. Together they have also been referred to, perhaps ironically, as "Kuraś' diary". Since the documents were secret and only available to top members of the communist security apparatus most historians regard them as recording factual information and events. In several instances the information contained in them corresponds to that found in the Wałach's version of the diary which indicates that Wałach, who had access to them, might have used them to "reconstruct" Kuraś' diary.

</doc>
<doc id="21385735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385735" title="1950 Sverdlovsk air disaster">
1950 Sverdlovsk air disaster

The Sverdlovsk air disaster of January 5th, 1950 was an airplane crash where all 19 of those on board were killed, including almost the entire national ice hockey team (VVS Moscow) of the Soviet Air Force - 11 players, as well as a team doctor and a masseur. The team was on board a twin-engined Lisunov Li-2 transport aircraft, a licensed Soviet-built version of the DC-3, heading to a match against the Dzerzhinets (Chelyabinsk) (Traktor Chelyabinsk) hockey club. Due to poor weather at Chelyabinsk, the flight diverted to Sverdlovsk. The crew attempted four approaches but during the fifth approach to Koltsovo Airport at Sverdlovsk in the Soviet Unions Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic, the aircraft crashed near the airport in extremely adverse weather conditions involving a heavy snowstorm with strong winds.
Passengers.
In memory of the crash victims a memorial was erected near the common grave in Koltsovo.
Reaction of Vasiliy Stalin.
The crash occurred two and a half weeks after the 70th birthday of Joseph Stalin. According to a recent news article, Stalin's son Vasily Dzhugashvili, an Air Force commander of the Moscow Military District and the patron of the ice hockey team, was afraid of his father's possible reaction and of the crash investigation; he decided to recruit a new Air Force team in less than a day,[http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/08/world/europe/08russia.html?_r=1&smid=fb-nytimes&WT.mc_id=NY-WO-E-FB-SM-LIN-CWO-090811-NYT-NA&WT.mc_ev=click] except for three original players (including the later IIHF Hall of Fame member Vsevolod Bobrov) who for various reasons were not on the crashed plane.

</doc>
<doc id="21385740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385740" title="2009 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament">
2009 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2009 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament was played at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey from March 11 through March 14, 2009. The winner of the tournament received an automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and was crowned Atlantic 10 Conference champion. Temple won the tournament with a 69-64 victory over Duquesne.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.

</doc>
<doc id="21385752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385752" title="Deadly, Unna?">
Deadly, Unna?

Deadly, Unna? is a work of teenage fiction and is Phillip Gwynne's debut novel. Set in a small coastal town in South Australia, it is a rites-of-passage story about the interracial friendship between football teammates Gary "Blacky" Black, a white boy, and Nunga Dumby Red. The novel is written from Blacky's point of view and covers the period leading up to the local football grand final and the summer after.
A film adaptation, "Australian Rules" was released in 2002.
Plot.
The novel is set in a small town in South Australia, where the whites, or "Goonyas" live in "The Port", while the Nungas, the Aborigines, live in "The Point".
We are told very early in the text that the separate towns where the whites and the aborigines lived "didn't have too much to do with one another", and this establishes the conflict that challenges Blacky and his sense of justice and loyalty throughout the text.
Blacky tells us, in a colloquial manner, of the various personalities of the town. We also learn of his large family of three sisters and three brothers; heavy drinking, hard hitting father, 'He only sat down to eat with us when the pub was closed'; and gentle, patient but exhausted mother. Blacky has a friend from the Point, Dumby, and a friend from the town, Pickles. Dumby is the best player in the team but this is not recognised, as is obvious on grand final day.
As the novel opens, Blacky is worried about the imminent grand final and the responsibility he carries as the team’s new first ruck. His opponent will be the unstoppable "Thumper". To protect himself, Blacky has devised the ‘Thumper tackle’ which is the ultimate defence of the coward: it looks like he is trying to tackle his opponent but is really an elaborate dodge. For the majority of the game Blacky keeps himself out of harm's way but near the death he inadvertently steps into the path of the Thumper leaving him concussed yet causing sufficient impedance to the Thumper such that time expires before a scoring shot at goal could be registered resulting in a win to Blacky's Port side.
During the teams after-party however, the coach's son is given the honour of the Best On Ground award, which he believes should have been bestowed upon Dumby Red, the star player of the team. Soon after the news reports that Dumby and his two brothers have been shot dead while robbing a Public Bar, resulting in the breakdown of Blacky's emotional life.
Blacky spends much of that winter dodging responsibility in a similar manner. By the end of the following summer, however, he understands the importance of making a stand and is able to do so. His brothers and sisters join him in his stand and the novel ends with Blacky at peace with himself, happy in his relationship with his siblings, and confident that he will be able to deal with the problems that will come with the morning.
Just before the grand final Blacky meets Clarence, Dumby's younger sister. During the celebratory after party Clarence and Blacky have the starts of a racially forbidden romance, this is explored in the second book, "Nukkin Ya".
Racism confronts Blacky and he is more and more aware that he thinks very differently from many of the townspeople. The turning point comes when Dumby is killed soon after Presentation Night while taking part in an armed holdup. Blacky attends Dumby's funeral and by doing so makes a stand.
Film adaptation.
The 2002 film "Australian Rules" is based on this novel.

</doc>
<doc id="21385755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385755" title="François Debon">
François Debon

François Hyppolite Debon (December 2, 1816, Paris – February 29, 1872, Paris), was a French painter. He studied under Antoine-Jean Gros and Abel de Pujol, and exhibited at the Paris Salon, where he won several medals, including a third class one in 1844 and two second class ones in 1835 and 1868. Baudelaire said of Debon's 1845 painting "The Battle of Hastings" "What talent! What energy!" That canvas was later lost in a fire at the musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="21385775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385775" title="Carlos Basombrío">
Carlos Basombrío

Club career.
Basombrío spent most of his career playing for clubs in Peru, including Alianza Lima and Juan Aurich. He also had a spell with Veria in the Greek Super League.
International career.
Basombrío made one appearance for the senior Peru national football team, a friendly against Colombia on 3 May 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21385786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385786" title="Musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen">
Musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen

The Musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen is a fine arts museum in the French city of Caen, founded at the start of the 19th century and rebuilt in 1971 within the ducal château.
History.
Opening.
On September 1, 1801, the Minister of Interior Jean-Antoine Chaptal selected 15 cities to serve as depots to display a large amount of paintings confiscated from émigrés or acquired through the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. Although the city of Caen was chosen for its academic reputation and character as cultural capital of Normandy, it showed, at first, little enthusiasm because article 4 of the Chaptal decree specified that "the paintings will be sent only after the town has effected the expense for a gallery suitable to receive them". The paintings removed from churches and religious communities during the Revolution having already been stockpiled in the Sainte-Catherine-des-Arts church, the mayor Daigremont St. Manvieux first thought of installing the museum in the former Jesuit church. But on October 27, 1801, the decision was finally made to use the left wing of the former Eudist seminary, already partly occupied by the mayoralty since 1792. On October 27, 1802, the prefect of Calvados asked for the title of museum commissioner to be conferred to François-Pierre Fleuriau, a highly ranked design instructor at the Central School of Calvados. To augment the already existing collections, the new curator selected, in 1804, 46 paintings by various artists (Veronese, Poussin,…). This made the Caen collections the largest ones after those of Lyon. The curator also expended the new collections, even trying, although unsuccessfully, to have the Bayeux Tapestry transferred to Caen.
The development work of the museum progressed very slowly. In 1806, the prefect Charles Ambroise de Caffarelli du Falga, disallowed the appropriations voted by the municipality for resumption of the work that had been interrupted. Only once the funds were released in the budget of 1809 could the project can be completed. In November 1809, the paintings that had been stored in the former Jesuit church were transferred and the museum was officially opened on December 2, 1809. The curator was also in charge of the municipal art school founded in 1804.
Development and first monographs.
Starting from 1811, the new curator, Henry Elouis augmented the collections, notably thanks to a new collection of 35 paintings attributed by the Ministry of the Interior. In 1815, the Prussians camped in the ground floor of the old Eudist seminary to force the surrender of paintings confiscated in Germany. Elouis then hid the most important paintings. According to legend, he hid in particular "Abraham and Melchizedek" by Rubens under the very dinner table used by Prussian officers. After the Prussians had left the city following the restitution of lesser paintings, Belgium then asked for the return of paintings by great Brussels masters, but the curator and mayor of Caen, the count of Vandœuvre, were able to stem the new crisis.
The second half of the nineteenth century was a calmer period that favored the study of collections. In 1837, Bernard Mancel wrote the first catalog, and the first monograph concerning to the collections was published in 1850. While the acquisition policy of Alfred Guillard, the successor of Elouis from 1841 to 1880, was rather uninspired, a series of bequests endowed the museum with a hundred additional artworks. The Baroness de Montaran's, which included three paintings by Boucher, twenty Gudin and one Mignard, was the most remarkable bequest of the second half of the nineteenth century.
The largest donation in the history of the museum was bequeathed in 1872 by the Caen bookseller Bernard Mancel, who had purchased in1845 a large part of Cardinal Fesch, the uncle of Napoleon I in Rome's collection. The Mancel collection included more than 50,000 works: prints by Dürer, Rembrandt and Callot, and about thirty paintings by Perugino ("The Marriage of the Virgin"), Veronese ("Temptation of St. Anthony") or Rogier van der Weyden ("The Virgin and Child"). A year later, the family of colonel Langlois bequeathed 256 paintings of battles and military views. These paintings were transferred in 1888 to the Pavillon des sociétés savantes, which had been remodeled at the expense of colonel Langlois' niece to house the museum.
Decline in prestige in the 1880s.
In 1880, the acquisition policy by the new curators, Xenophon Hellouin and Gustave Ménégoz, was uninspired, and the prestige of the museum waned. Under the influence of mayoralty of Caen, the curators acquired mostly regional works with exclusive local interest, now exhibited on the ground floor of the old Eudist seminary set up as a museum of Norman art and history. Donations became less frequent, and often consisted of minor works bequeathed more for ostentatious reasons than for the sake of art. Despite the bequest by the mayor Fervaques, Dr. Jacquette, of paintings by Courbet, Boudin and Lepine, modern, especially impressionist artwork remained virtually unrepresented at the museum.
While other cities built large museums to house their collections, the Caen museum remained cramped in a wing of City Hall. The structure was in a precarious state and on November 3, 1905, part of the collections went up in flames. Several works from the Dutch and Flemish schools were lost as well as "The Battle of Hastings" by François Debon. Partly because it represented the Norman victory over the English during a context of high international tension, partly because of its romantic design, this particular painting enjoyed a certain popularity, and the fire caused a scandal. Local and national newspapers called for museum reorganization. The town council then agreed on "the principle of the construction of a museum housed in a dedicated site in the conditions of security and lighting a museum as wealthy as ours is entitled to ask for". The councilors planned on organizing a lottery to build a new museum on the terrace of the Place de la Prefecture (now Place Gambetta), but the idea was quickly abandoned and the museum remains in a precarious state.
Destruction in 1944.
In 1934, Louis-Edouard Garrido was appointed as curator. From 1936, he undertook a restoration of the museum and improved the lighting of the works. When his work was interrupted by the war in 1939, 360 paintings, the collection Mancel, the Bernard van Riesen Burgh chest and other artifacts were transferred to the priory of Saint-Gabriel, the abbey of Mondaye and the castle of Baillou. The collections went largely unharmed through Nazi occupation when on June 7, 1944, the old seminary was mostly destroyed by the Allies. On July 7, the last Allied air raid flattened what was still left standing. 540 paintings (the nineteenth-century collections, and many anonymous seventeenth-century works), the 400 drawings of the cabinet of drawings, archives, inventories, and frames were lost forever. Much of the Langlois museum was bombed too, and half of the exhibited works were lost as well.
Rebirth in 1971.
The surviving works were hastily stored in the unsound ruins of the hotel Escoville and the Langlois museum. In 1963, it became possible again to think about rebuilding the museum. Collections were inventoried and, in addition to the Mancel collection, 567 paintings and miniatures, ceramics and porcelain were identified. 1971 saw the inauguration of the new museum built by Jean Merlet in the castle of Caen. Meanwhile, Francoise Debaisieux, the new curator embarked on an ambitious acquisition policy, focusing on the seventeenth-century French, Italian and Flemish schools. Her policy was sustained by the Louvre depots. In 1982, the museum was promoted to the rank of "musée classé", in recognition of the importance of the collections and the vitality of the policy that enriched them. In 1988, Francoise Debaisieux was succeeded by Alain Tapie who organized major exhibitions and added in 1994 a new wing built by Philippe Dubois. The new curator expanded the collections by acquiring contemporary works. Following this extension, the Ministry of Culture presented the museum with the Grand Prix National des Musées in 1995, in recognition for its architecture and program. Since 2007, the museum had been at the center of the Parc des Sculptures, housed in the castle, at the initiative of Patrick Ramade, chief curator, and museum director since 2004.
Starting on February 1, 2005, access to permanent exhibitions was made free of charge in order to democratize access to culture. The museum has also diversified its cultural stance by organizing workshops for younger audiences and adults. The museum also accommodates, since 1997, Les Cyclopes, a Baroque musical ensemble that gives an annual series of concerts in conjunction with the institution's cultural programming. Likewise, Michel Onfray's Université populaire de Caen holds some of its seminars at the museum.
Collections.
The museum offers of space dedicated to the public collections with many works of Italian and Flemish, as well as French Renaissance, and of contemporary art. The prints from the Mancel collection are presented in a 400-m² room. The museum is equipped with a conference room seating 230, used notably by the Université populaire de Caen. Finally, the curatorial library, comprising over 20,000 art history volumes, is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="21385804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385804" title="Jenny Hill">
Jenny Hill

Jenny Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21385827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385827" title="Sigrid Sundby">
Sigrid Sundby

Sigrid Sundby (13 July 1942 – 24 July 1977) was a Norwegian speed skater who competed internationally in the 1960s and 1970s. 
She competed at the Winter Olympics in 1968, 1972 and 1976. Her best Olympic results were 4th in the "1500 metres", 6th in "500 metres", and 6th in "1000 metres" at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble. She received a bronze medal at the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women in 1970.
Sundby dominated women's skating nationally for about a decade, winning the Norwegian allround championships in 1963, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21385832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385832" title="Pricing science">
Pricing science

Pricing science is the application of social and business science methods to the problem of setting prices. Methods include economic modeling, statistics, econometrics, mathematical programming. This discipline had its origins in the development of yield management in the airline industry in the 1980s, and has since spread to many other sectors and pricing contexts, including yield management in other travel industry sectors, media, retail, manufacturing and distribution.
Pricing science work is effectuated in a variety of ways, from strategic advice on pricing on defining segments for which pricing strategies may vary, to enterprise-class software applications, integrated into price quoting and selling processes.
History.
Pricing science has its roots in the development of yield management programs developed by the airline industry shortly after deregulation of the industry in the early 1980s. These programs provided model-based support to answer the central question faced by deregulated airlines: "How many bookings should I accept, for each "fare product" that I offer on each flight departure that I operate, so that I maximize my revenue?" Finding the best answers required developing statistical algorithms to predict the number of booked passengers who would show up and to predict the number of additional bookings to expect for each fare product. It also required developing optimization algorithms and formulations to find the best solution, given the characteristics of the forecasts. And for airlines operating hundreds to thousands of flights every day, and selling tickets for daily departures 300 days into the future, the computational challenges are extreme. 
The yield management programs provided dramatic financial benefits to their early adopters in the early- to mid-1980s, and the approach spread rapidly to firms in the related sectors of hotel, rental car, and cruise line industries. While there are important differences between these industries, the dominant drivers of the solutions were the perishable nature of the resource being sold, demand patterns that were time-variable, and the limited capacity available for sale. For a good overview of pricing science methods and applications related to yield or revenue management, see Phillips and the references cited therein. Williams shows the connection between many of these problems and standard micro-economics.
Beginning in the early to mid-1990s, these successes spawned efforts to apply the methods, or develop new methods, to support pricing and related decisions in a variety of other settings. Yield management has been applied successfully to broadcast and cable television, online media, oil and gas producers, sporting and theatrical providers, online media, apartment and timeshare rental properties, credit card, and retail settings. 
Since about 2000, the application of pricing science to the problems of quoting prices in business-to-business transactions has taken off, with adopters reporting financial benefits comparable to the earlier gains in the travel industry. Instead of optimizing the offers available in response to very dynamic capacity, these business-to-business applications provided the means to optimize offers based on the particular characteristics of the transaction being contemplated and the customer. Applications have included business services providers, industrial product manufacturers, and distributors of products ranging from technology to food to office supplies.
Even airlines and other early practitioners began to revisit their original assumption that prices were a "given," a simple input to their optimization technology. The growth of low-cost carriers offering restriction-free pricing, "name your own price" channels, and auctions all stimulated this interest in applying science to the pricing side of the business.
As the applications of scientific methods to these business problems expanded, the discipline of pricing science became more rigorous and methodological. Initially, statistical and optimization methods were adapted by practitioners and theoreticians from the engineering and operations research disciplines. The discipline was typically referred to as operations research and specialization in revenue or yield management methods was viewed as a specialty in the larger discipline of Operations Research and Management Science. INFORMS, the professional body of the larger discipline, has a section devoted to this specialty, the Revenue Management and Pricing section. [http://revenue-mgt.section.informs.org/]
As the applications spread from yield management to more general pricing applications, the term Pricing Science has become much more common to refer to the discipline and Pricing Scientists to refer to the practitioners.
Methods.
The methods employed in pricing science may be categorized into two broad areas: 1. forecasting and 2. optimization. The forecasting problem reflects the fact that the pricing decisions are intended to affect purchase events over some future time horizon. The optimization problem reflects the mathematical complexity required to reach feasible and practical pricing solutions.
Forecasting Methods.
There are two forecasting sub-problems: predicting time-phased demand and predicting demand response to the pricing decisions. In yield management-type applications, predicting time-phased demand, at a very granular level, is central since these applications are characterized by fixed capacity against which demand must be balanced by use of pricing or related controls. In many of these types of applications, predicting response to pricing decisions is also important, since price is often the control instrument used to modulate demand. However, there are a number of yield management applications in which the control is directly on product availability; prices are typically taken as fixed in these cases and prediction of price response is not required.
Forecasting time-phased demand.
Forecasting methods generally fall into the class of methods known as time series methods, primarily exponential smoothing, or causal methods, where price is taken to be (one of) the causal factors. In pricing science applications, it is necessary to produce forecasts of demand at the level of granularity at which pricing decisions are made. This introduces both modeling and computation complexity not addressed in standard treatments of forecasting methods. Also, in cases where capacity constraints are present, methods are required to account for the censoring of demand that occurs when demand exceeds capacity. In cases where bookings are closed because they have reached the maximum authorization, one must estimate what the "true" demand would have been had bookings been accepted during those closed periods.
Forecasting granular demand.
Often, there may be insufficient historical instances of the series of interest to produce a reliable demand forecast. For an airline, this might happen for flights to new markets, where no history is available to reference. For a retailer, it may simply be sparse data on sales of a particular SKU. A widely used method used to produce the necessary forecasts in such cases is sometimes referred to as "aggregate and distribute." This method decomposes the forecast into two components, a forecast of a more aggregated series and a forecast of how that more aggregated demand is distributed across its components, viz: 
formula_1 
where formula_2 is the particular low-level series of interest, formula_3 is the aggregate of related series (e.g. all itineraries serving a particular origin-destination, or all sizes and colors of the particular style of shirt), formula_4 is the forecast of the aggregate, and formula_5 is the forecast of formula_2's share of formula_3. Both formula_4 and formula_5 may be produced using standard exponential smoothing methods.
Accounting for censoring.
When the application balances demand against supply through direct control of product availability, as is common in many yield management applications, producing good time-phased forecasts requires either capturing the demand which doesn't result in a sale or booking directly (often referred to as "turndowns" or "loss data"); or using some scientific method to estimate the unobserved demand. Conventionally, these methods are referred to as "unconstraining methods", include manual adjustment, averaging methods, Expectation Maximization (EM) methods, exponential smoothing methods.
Causal methods.
When the application uses prices as the control instrument, setting prices to modulate sales, producing good time-phased forecasts may require using causal methods (sometimes referred to as econometric methods) to account for the relationship between the prices in effect at a point in time and the observed sales at that point in time. In this way, the relationship between price and sales volume, often referred to as the "price response effect," can be used to separate the underlying time-phased demand from the sales effects of price changes. Since the objective of these applications of pricing science is precisely to take best advantage of the sale volume effects of price changes, accounting for these effects can be a significant focus of the scientific work in support of these applications. The problem of identifying and estimating these effects is not trivial since, in addition to the price of a specific product, sales volume is affected by numerous other effects, some of which are under the control of the firm (e.g. advertising, prices of related goods) and other which are outside the control of the firm (e.g. competitors' prices, seasonality). In the domain of pricing science, these methods are typically referred to as Market Response Models.
Optimization Methods.
Given models that provide predictions of future sales volume, either as a function of time or price decisions, the firm has certain choices or decisions available to it. Modeling those choices or decisions as an optimization problem provides a means to select the best available set of choices or decisions. In some settings, solutions to this problem may be provided by heuristic methods; in others, by numerical optimization methods; in others, by strict mathematical methods.
Heuristic methods.
The most well-known (and likely, most broadly applied) heuristic method for a large class of yield management problems is known as the Expected Marginal Seat Revenue (EMSR) algorithm. This heuristic provides a decision rule for allocating inventory for sale at lower prices, as a function of the demand at higher prices and the differences in prices. Phillips discusses extensions of the EMSR heuristic.
Numerical optimization methods.
Many optimization problems are formulated as constrained or unconstrained mathematical programs, either linear programs (LP) or mixed integer programs (MIP), for which many solution techniques and commercial solvers are available.
Strict mathematical methods.
If the market response model is formulated within a certain class, and point estimates of the model parameters obtained, the optimal solution can be obtained analytically exploiting the special structure of the problem.
Applications.
Consumer Markets.
The most well-known applications of pricing science are to the problems associated with pricing perishable products in the travel industry, notably passenger airline tickets, hotel accommodations, rental car, cruise line berths and the like. These applications are often lumped together under the heading yield management or revenue management.
More recently, yield management has been applied to sporting and theatrical events, automobile parking, casinos, and other sectors where innovative and tailored pricing offers improved returns. 
Another important set of pricing science applications addresses the pricing issues confronting traditional retail sales. These include markdown pricing, promotions pricing and shelf pricing. The markdown pricing problem has significant similarities to the problems addressed in yield management, including zero marginal product costs, perishability and time-phased demand.
Business to Business (B2B) Markets.
Pricing science applications are found in business service firms (e.g. package shipping and equipment rental), oil and gas production, as well as manufacturing and distribution/wholesaling firms. In the case of business services, and to a lesser extent, manufacturing firms, the applications are intended to address both maximizing margin through differentiated pricing, as well as improving utilization of fixed assets. 
In the case of distribution and wholesales sectors, pricing science applications focus exclusively on the problem of identifying opportunities to differentiate prices across different segments of business and computing the optimal prices for each segment.
Very recently, attention is being paid to the problem of accounting for the behavior of sales representatives in the pricing process, as the presence of sales reps who have pricing discretion is a distinguishing characteristic of B2B markets.
Technology.
There are a variety of practices by which businesses exploit the methods and results of pricing science to make better pricing decisions, most of which are mediated by technology. One organization of the types of technology is to consider (a) general purpose tools used to implement some Pricing Science techniques; (b) use of localized technology, typically standard office tools, configured to utilize Pricing Science methods; and (c) specialized, enterprise-class software designed and developed for this purpose.
Analytic Technology.
In some businesses, pricing decisions are supported using forecasting and optimization methods executed on an as needed based using general purpose analytic tools. In this setting, when periodic, or ad hoc decisions are made, analysis of historical transaction data sets is performed . This approach is often seen in large enterprises which have quantitative analysts familiar with the tools and, to various degrees, with Pricing Science methods, or which retain specialized consultants to perform the analysis.
Local Technology.
In many enterprises, the technology used to support pricing and related decisions, using the methods described above, are standard office applications for data management, reporting and analysis. Some very large enterprises have implemented and evolved very elaborate processes of data acquisition and manipulation, using such technology. As the developers and users of these technologies are, for the most part, generalists, there may be frequent issues of quality, reliability and extensibility of such processes.
Enterprise Software.
Since yield management began to take roots in the 1980s, a number of highly specialized enterprise software providers have grown up to meet the needs of businesses that have taken advantage of the margin enhancement opportunities afforded by the methods. The technology provided by such providers have tended to be large-scale applications addressing, to various degrees, not only the scientific methods of pricing but also other execution, work-flow, and reporting requirements that business have. In addition, these providers generally supply specialized expertise in pricing science applications and methods. These software providers fall generally into three classes: those providing technology and expertise related to the yield management problems typically seen in travel and related industries; those providing technology and expertise related to the various pricing problems in the more general retail industry; and those providing technology and expertise related to pricing in B2B commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="21385836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385836" title="Biella Synagogue">
Biella Synagogue

The Biella Synagogue is an early 17th-century synagogue in Biella, Italy. 
The synagogue occupies the top floor of a medieval house at Vicolo del Bellone 3, in the heart of the historic Jewish quarter. It is a modestly sized, rectangular room with Baroque decoration, a central Bimah and an ornate, seventeenth century, Baroque Torah Ark.
In 2009 a 350,000 Euro restoration, overseen by the Jewish community in Vercelli and funded from the Piedmont Region and by donations from a number of sources, including a local bank, completed the repair of the roof, and restoration of the Torah Ark, women's gallery and interior. Further restoration work is planned.
The Biella Synagogue is one of about sixteen that survive in Piedmont, including the Synagogue of Casale Monferrato and the Vercelli Synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="21385837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21385837" title="David Bachrach House">
David Bachrach House

The David Bachrach House, also known as Gertrude Stein House, is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a late 19th-century Victorian style frame structure consisting of two stories plus a mansard roof in height. It was constructed about 1886 and occupied by David Bachrach (1845-1921), a commercial photographer who figures prominently in the annals of American photographic history. Also on the property is a one-story brick building on a high foundation that was built for Ephraim Keyser (1850-1937) as a sculpture studio about 1890 and a one-story brick stable. Gertrude Stein (1874-1946) was a niece of Mrs. David Bachrach and lived in this house for a short time in 1892.
The David Bachrach House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
