<doc id="21513295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513295" title="South Carolina Classic">
South Carolina Classic

The South Carolina Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1991 to 2000. It was played at the Country Club of South Carolina in Florence, South Carolina.
The purse in 2000 was US$400,000, with $72,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
BUY.COM South Carolina Classic
NIKE South Carolina Classic
Ben Hogan South Carolina Classic

</doc>
<doc id="21513310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513310" title="Gunther Brewing Company">
Gunther Brewing Company

Gunther Brewing Company is a historic brewery building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The site comprises 15 masonry buildings. The main structure is a five-story brick "L"-shaped Romanesque Revival-style brew house with a two-story brick ice plant built about 1910 and one- and two-story boiler room. Additional brew houses built in 1936 and 1950 are also on the property. The Tulkoff Factory and Warehouse was built about 1964. It was home to the George Gunther, Jr. Brewing Company, founded in 1900. By 1959 it was the second largest brewery in Baltimore, when it produced 800,000 barrels per year and employed approximately 600 people. Hamm's Brewing Company bought the Gunther Brewing Company in 1960. Later acquired by the F. & M. Schaefer Brewing Company in 1963, the plant was closed in 1978. The Tulkoff company briefly used the factory for their sauce products at the conclusion of all brewing operations. 
After that, large portions of the rear walls of some buildings were demolished to facilitate salvage. The former brewery has been redeveloped into a modern, mixed-use building called The Gunther, much like other Canton buildings. 
Gunther Brewing Company was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21513331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513331" title="Sanjeev Arora">
Sanjeev Arora

Sanjeev Arora (born January 1968) is an Indian American theoretical computer scientist who is best known for his work on probabilistically checkable proofs and, in particular, the PCP theorem. He is currently the Charles C. Fitzmorris Professor of Computer Science at Princeton University, and his research interests include computational complexity theory, uses of randomness in computation, probabilistically checkable proofs, computing approximate solutions to NP-hard problems, and geometric embeddings of metric spaces.
He received a B.S. in Mathematics with Computer Science from MIT in 1990 and received a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1994 under Umesh Vazirani. Earlier, in 1986, Sanjeev Arora had topped the prestigious IIT JEE but transferred to MIT after 2 years at IIT Kanpur.
His Ph.D. thesis on probabilistically checkable proofs received the ACM Doctoral Dissertation Award in 1995. He was awarded the Gödel Prize for his work on the PCP theorem in 2001 and again in 2010 for the discovery (concurrently with Joseph S. B. Mitchell) of a polynomial time approximation scheme for the euclidean travelling salesman problem. In 2008 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
In 2011 he was awarded the ACM Infosys Foundation Award, given to mid-career researchers in Computer Science. Arora has been awarded the Fulkerson Prize for 2012 for his work on improving the approximation ratio for graph separators and related problems (jointly with Satish Rao and Umesh Vazirani).
He is a coauthor (with Boaz Barak) of the book "Computational Complexity: A Modern Approach" and is a founder, and on the Executive Board, of Princeton's Center for Computational Intractability. He and his coauthors recently re-published a paper related to financial products and computational complexity.

</doc>
<doc id="21513339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513339" title="RollBots">
RollBots

RollBots is an animated television series created by Michael Milligan (screen name "MCM") and produced by Amberwood Entertainment. The TV show premiered in Canada on YTV on February 7, 2009, and in the United States on The CW4Kids on September 19, 2009. Its run aired until June 5, 2010.
Plot.
The series is set in Flip City, home of eleven different RollBot tribes. The show follows Spin and the members of the Flip City Police Department (FCPD) as they fight crime.
Characters.
Good Bots.
Spin (Samuel Vincent): Spin is the main character of the series and the last member of the Zushin tribe. The fastest RollBot in Flip City, Spin's bot mods include Skyv boots, hyper-speed, and boomstick. He joined the Kei'zatsu tribe, but he does not feel a sense of belonging. Described as a daredevil, Spin is known to get away with breaking rules. Spin is fired from his job as an FCPD officer after an incident with Vertex. He is declared a criminal when he attempts to stop a robbery because the FCPD arrive at the wrong moment and believe Spin to be the robber. It is hinted that Spin may be related to Vertex. Spin is the only rollbot who suspects that Vertex is a Spiderbot, and is ridiculed by everyone else because, as far as the rollbots of Spin City are concerned, Spiderbots do not exist. Spin has the ability to absorb radiation and use its power to disperse energy blasts and perform psychokinesis. In "Paradigm Shift Part 2", it is revealed to Spin that he is the last member of the Zushin tribe, the only tribe that can talk to the Hub. He can use this connection to tell the Hub to do things like reset the safety net, or he can get emergency alerts on his comm, seconds before the Zoboshi or Kei'zatsu receive them. Spin is also acquainted with numerous bots around the city, including friends and enemies. He even seems to know the famous botball player, Roboto, on speaking terms.
Captain Pounder (Gary Chalk): Head of the Kei'zatsu tribe and captain of the FCPD. His equipment includes a shield charger, Torvoldian throwing armour, and thunder punch. As head of the FCPD, Captain Pounder is tough and strong. Despite this, he has a secret soft side. He gives the impression of knowing Vertex intimately, but avoids discussing it. It is hinted that he is after Vertex, although the reason behind this is unknown. He does consider Vertex to be a high priority target, however, it is obvious that he does not know that Vertex is (or is now) a Spiderbot, and always dismisses the idea. He is secretly monitoring Spin. He consistently communicates with someone who is involved with Spin in some way, but they only communicate through Pounder's computer. The Mayor forces Captain Pounder to fire Spin after he says that Vertex is a Spiderbot. When Spin is arrested, Captain Pounder declares him to be a dangerous criminal and wants Spin behind bars; but this is only a cover so he can keep a close eye on Spin to protect him from something (presumably Vertex). In "Paradigm Shift Part 2", it is revealed that Pounder did know Vertex, as Vertex greeted him familiarly (such as when he called Pounder 'General'), and that Pounder can speak the Spiderbot language quite fluently. At the end of "Paradigm Shift Part 2", Captain Pounder and Vertex fall through a hole in the safety net; but not before Pounder tells Spin that he is a member of the Zushin tribe. It was also revealed in Spin's flashback that Pounder lost his left eye after being attacked by Vertex.
Penny (Cathy Weseluck): Originally from the Kuzuri tribe, Penny is a doctor on loan to the FCPD. She was banished from her tribe after interfering with an important surgical operation on Mayor Aria's assistant. Penny is equipped with a healing glove. She is Spin's best friend and, like him, is known to break rules. She is chosen by Captain Pounder to take command of the FCPD if anything happens to him. When Spin is declared a fugitive and escapes FCPD custody, she does everything she can to help Spin hide from the FCPD. She is seen on the field for the first part of the season, but spends most of her time running the board back at the precinct. She has been an officer for longer than Spin (though no one knows how much longer), and therefore is his superior officer. There have been hints at attraction between Penny and Spin, but there have never been any obvious incidents. She has also been shown to have a slight crush on Roboto, although this is more admiration because he is a famous botball player than actual love.
Lance (Scott McNeil): An office administrator at the FCPD, Lance is from the Kei'zatsu tribe. He is not very strong, cannot roll very fast, and can get scared very easily. His only bot-mod is the force bubble, with which he protects himself. He dislikes Spin because Spin does not respect his rules. He makes fun of Spin by always calling him a "rookie", sticks him with boring jobs when he has the chance, and says that Spin will never belong to the Kei'zatsu tribe. When Spin gets fired from his job, Lance arrests him after he tries to stop a robbery in progress, to make it look like Spin was the robber. Lance has a weakness for eating lugnuts (the Rollbot version of donuts), which Spin has used against him as a distraction, and even escaped prison by doing so. He usually eats so many that he becomes exhausted and sick when he is full.
Tinny (Tabitha St. Germain): A BotTot (young RollBot) from the Kei'zatsu tribe. He is in school, but spends a lot of time with Spin, who lets him try dangerous things. In "Paradigm Shift Part 2", Tinny battles Vett and discovers that he has the power to create force fields and project energy blasts. He has often been shown to be fully capable of becoming an officer, despite being so young. On several occasions he has shown the capability to both run the board at the FCPD independently and to be an officer on the field.
Bunto (Colin Murdock): A member of the Kei'zatsu tribe and the FCPD. He is a higher-ranking officer who is often seen commanding a squad of FCPD bots. What makes him different from the other FCPD members is that his armor has blue-and-red coloured plating in place of the white of most officers. When Spin is declared a fugitive, Bunto repeatedly attempts to capture Spin, though he always fails, due to Spin either speeding away or beating Bunto in some way.
Villain Bots.
Vertex (Colin Murdock): A notorious villain and Flip City's most wanted individual. He is suspected to be a Spiderbot. He plans to take over Flip City by shutting down the Hub and deactivating the safety net using a device called a "dymex key" that is combined with eleven artifacts hidden all over the city. Shutting down the safety net will allow an invasion of Spiderbots to control Flip City and destroy all RollBots. His tribe is unknown. Vertex has the ability to transform into a RollBot, as a disguise, and to speak in both his native Spiderbot language and the Rollbot language. In "Paradigm Shift Part 2", he is last seen falling through a hole in the safety net with Captain Pounder. Before he falls through the net, he states that despite his absence, the invasion will proceed to attack Flip City.
Manx (Nicole Oliver): A renegade Kei'zatsu who is now Vertex's head henchbot. She has previously worked at the FCPD, though her reason for defecting and joining Vertex are unknown. Manx is equipped with pulse flares, and is very agile. Unlike other villains, Manx has a conscience. She is aware of Botch's recklessness. In "Paradigm Shift Part 2," Manx leaves Vertex's forces to assist the FCPD after hearing Vertex's true plans for the RollBots. Vertex attempts to have her destroyed for knowing his true plans. She also has a rarely seen Kei'zatsu symbol on each of her legs, though they are faded and scratched out, possibly as a sign of her no longer belonging to the tribe.
Botch (Brian Drummond): A renegade Zurasho, Botch is one of Vertex's henchbots. He is armed with an energy grappler and power shields. He previously worked for the Triads, Flip City's most dangerous gang. He aspires to unseat both Manx and Vertex. Right before joining Vertex, he was arrested by Manx while she was still working for the FCPD. Despite the fact that he hates Manx, he still seems to work well with her on missions, even calling her 'Manxy' on occasion. In one instance, he is even shown to be truly worried for her safety. Botch has a Zurasho symbol on each of the sides of the piece of metal on the top of his head, but they are dented, possibly to signify that, similarly to Manx, he is no longer a part of his tribe .
Macro (Colin Murdock): A renegade Hai'bu who chose to become a villain and work for Vertex. He is armed with a projectile mace on his left arm, but he sometimes uses other bot-mods in its place. Macro is strong, but very unintelligent. Macro is the type of model known as a Hai'bu Wrecking Ball. He is the only one of Vertex's henchbots who is completely loyal to Vertex. Like Lance from the FCPD, Macro likes to eat lugnuts whenever he has a chance, but he does not consume as many as Lance does. He is apparently an ex-member of the Hai'bu Hammers botball team.
Phaze (Paul Dobson): A bot who was in jail before he escaped with the help of Vertex. He is an ex-member of the Zurasho tribe who left to join the Triads, though he did not like them either. He was the member of the Triads who let Botch join before quitting and going on his own.[http://rollbots.ytv.com/] He is soon arrested and placed back in jail, thanks to Spin. He is extremely crazy, loves destruction, and has a passion for magnetic bot mods because of the damage they can do. Phaze is the reason Manx is no longer part of the FCPD, and Manx despises him for it. He appears to have a crush on Manx.
Reboot (Cathy Weseluck): A renegade Tensai who was thought to have been kidnapped, but actually chose to help Vertex with his plans to shut down the Hub. She learned everything she knows from Zilla and Bug. She is also famous for her 'holographic cake' trick used at Tensai birthday parties. She and Vertex's henchbots stole an experimental bot-mod called a "crontab" to take to the Hub to shut it down. The crontab could turn back time, and no one would remember it had happened. However, when they activated the crontab at the Hub, it almost destroyed Flip City. Spin was the only one who noticed the time flux from the crontab's repeated use; he was finally able to stop Reboot and Vertex's henchbots before they could use the crontab to turn back time again. The henchbots escaped and left Reboot to be apprehended by the FCPD. It has been rumored that Reboot has discovered a way to defeat Vertex, but she has not revealed it to anybody.
Tamaki (Shirley Millner): The leader of a renagade group of pirate bots. She used to reside in Anakata Tower in Flip City, and she was once partners with Anakata, a member of the Fuzata tribe. They worked on a bot-mod that turns anything (even RollBots) into gold, but Anakata tricked her at the last minute and got all the credit for the bot-mod. Tamaki wants revenge on her former partner and her share of the profits from the bot-mod. It was soon destroyed after she reclaimed it. Her ship is called the "Black Dot".
Kibi (Richard Newman): A renegade Tensai who is now a pirate. He is also Captain Tamaki's right-hand bot.
Vett (Scott McNeil): An old ally of Vertex who, like Vertex, is a Spiderbot. Vett spontaneously shows up in Flip City in his ship to help Vertex complete the final stages of his master plan. Unlike Vertex, he does not take a stealth approach to missions, but rather attacks everyone in his way. Before he arrived at Flip City, he and Vertex secretly communicated with each other when Vertex was alone, similar to how Pounder secretly conversed to someone over his computer. Vett has a mask that covers his head. When he speaks, he only screeches a strange language (possibly his native tongue, since Vertex understands him), but he is able to speak regularly on several occasions. This may be because he does not speak English very well and only uses phrases and words that he already knows how to say. Vertex is his superior officer, but Vett does not think that Vertex is capable of completing his master plan and he makes it clear to Vertex that he does not particularly like him.
Other Bots.
Mayor Aria (Cathy Weseluck): The leader of the Nisen tribe and the mayor of Flip City. She tries to improve Flip City as much as she can, but she is really concerned about making herself look good in the eyes of Flip City. Vertex tricks her into making him seem like a good citizen by staging an incident that lets him seem look like her ally. She is not amused by Spin because his antics more often than not conflict with her ideas. She eventually orders Captain Pounder to fire Spin. She is frequently seen working with the Tensai tribe to come up with new ways to improve Flip City. She is not popular with some of the bots. She has an infamous "12 in 12" plan to build 12 new major suburbs in her 12 term-cycle as mayor. Aria is also a longtime ally of Pounder's; she is responsible for getting him named as head of the FCPD. She is also famous for having more statues built of herself than any other mayor in the history of Flip City. She can never remember the names of anyone she meets without her assistant reminding her and cannot even remember her assistant's own name.[http://rollbots.ytv.com/]
Chief Surgeon Koto (Brian Drummond): The leader and head doctor of the Kuzuri tribe. He is very serious with his job, but he occasionally makes sarcastic comments. He banned Penny from the tribe because she interfered during an operation on Mayor Aria'a assistant, but when he sees Penny in action when she is with the FCPD, he tells that she is welcome back if she decides to quit the FCPD. He continues to repair Spin on almost a daily basis whenever he is damaged from a fight, and he is not too happy about it. He suspects that someone purposefully damaged Spin's internal circuits.[http://rollbots.ytv.com/] Koto appears to be a bit protective of Penny, perhaps because she used to be a member of his tribe. This was exhibited once when he took a hit from Vett that was supposed to be aimed at Penny. He fell off the trax and climbed back up a few minutes later, so it appears that he was not thrown that far off.
Gates (Brian Drummond): The leader of the Tensai tribe. He is the bot that designed the city's anti-grav jets. He once built a device that allows bots to travel to parallel dimensions, unfortunately he spilled a cup of oil on said device and has not been able to get it working since. He is easily frightened by loud noises and bots that are bigger than he is (which is everyone), he is possibly rigging the Tensai leader elections every year so he will not lose his job.[http://rollbots.ytv.com/] He first appeared when he asked Captain Pounder to find Reboot, a renegade Tensai with an experimental bot-mod called the crontab. He later appeared when he was testing his new maintinence robot named the Repair Online Sytheotic Entity, or R.O.S.E. After Spin destroyed R.O.S.E he demanded that Mayor Aria have him and Captain Pounder held accountable and fired from the FCPD.
Fire Chief Cables (Ellen Kennedy): The leader of the Zobo'shi tribe. She and Captain Pounder have a rivalry going on and continuously argue in terms of the respective tribe's job duties. She repeatedly attempts to have the FCPD work with the Zobo'shi tribe (or rather for them), and offers to move them into the ground level of Zobo'Shi headquarters (which angers Pounder). When she first meets Spin, she is not impressed with him and mocks Pounder for hiring someone who is not a Kei'zatsu. She is also mad at Spin for getting in her way during a mission. After Spin saves the Flip City from being destroyed, she realizes that she was wrong about Spin and tells Pounder that Spin is welcome to work for the Zobo'shi if he wants to be with a "real tribe".
The En (Teryl Rothery): The leader of the Zogen'sha tribe and holder of the optic. The En captured Spin and Botch when Botch broke into the cathedral to steal the optic. She shackled them both to the wall and used the optic to find out who they were. She took Spin into another room and told him that he was the bot who will stand alone, and save the city. She later stated that he did not look, smell, or (oddly enough) taste like Kei'zatsu after Spin said he was Kei'zatsu. She thanked Spin for saving the cathedral by draining the energy overload. She seems to know all about what Spin is supposed to be doing and who his tribe is.
Daso (Scott McNeil): A member of the Zogen'sha tribe who becomes aware of Spin's true identity. He holds a mystical amulet which allows him to connect with the cathedral.
Oddball (Gary Chalk): A member of the Hai'bu tribe who has that name because he is different from the other Hai'bu members. He is quite intelligent, but sometimes forgetful, and that gets in the way of being able to properly socialize with his fellow Hai'bu tribe brothers. When he first meets Spin, his right leg was stolen by Vertex's henchbots, and it was replaced by another left leg. Spin soon finds his leg and returns it to him. Oddball is an older model of the Hai'bu tribe and his type of parts are not being made any more.
Ringo (Scott McNeil): A member of the Hai'bu tribe who, like his fellow Hai'bu tribe member Oddball, had one of his limbs stolen (his right arm). He thinks that Oddball is weird and says that he has no wits. Ringo cleans up the FCPD building and is good friends with the Kei'zatsu working there.
Roboto (Trevor Devall): A member of the Zurasho tribe and the team leader of the Zurasho botball team called the Zurasho Slashers. He is considered to be the best botball player ever and is very popular. He is good friends with Spin, Penny and Tinny (who is a huge fan of Roboto). In the middle of a game with the Fuzata botball team, he was kidnapped, resulting in a city-wide riot. It turned out that his kidnappers were the botballs who were original part of the Hai'bu tribe called the Kenchi-ku. They kidnapped him because they hated being used as botballs and wanted revenge, but they soon let him go and accepted their new job as botballs. When Vett attacked the Flip City stadium to steal the botball cup during the botball championship match, Roboto helps the FCPD to keep the cup away from Vett. Roboto is a very fast and skilled bot.
Bug & Zilla (Richard Ian Cox) & (Colin Murdock): Two members of the Tensai tribe who are always seen working together. They are always working on new and improved bot mods, about which they are very excited. However, their excitement gets in the way of their better judgement about how their bot mods could hurt Flip City instead of help it; and their antics have caused trouble for the FCPD on a few occasions. Bug dreams of someday becoming Tensai chief, and is secretly building anti-matter force field trax system in his spare time. Zilla, on the other hand is secretly reading up on how to be a Zobo'shi and likes to try to figure out what Bug does in his free time.[http://rollbots.ytv.com/]
Rigaroo (Scott McNeil): A bot who is a participant in the Flip City Grand Prix. He considers himself to be the fastest bot in Flip City. He is extremely arrogant and always refers to himself in the third person. He and Spin have a rivalry and since Spin was not allowed to be a part of the FCGP, Rigaroo makes fun of him and calls Spin a coward. After Spin saves the Grand Prix from disaster because of one of Vertex's setups, Rigaroo realizes that he was wrong about Spin, and offers him his respect. Although Rigaroo's tribe is unknown, aside from his colour, he looks just like a member of the Kei'zatsu tribe. This is odd because members of the Kei'zatsu tribe are prohibited from participating in the FCGP.
Anakata (Paul Dobson): A member of the Fuzata tribe who has a tower named after him. He is a very greedy and cowardly individual. He used to be partners with Captain Tamaki. They created a bot-mod that turned anything into gold, but Anakata wanted to have it all for himself, so he had Tamaki exiled from Flip City and kept the bot-mod for himself. Tamaki returned to take revenge on him and to reclaim the bot-mod. Thanks to Spin, Anakata was rescued, but his bot-mod was destroyed, and he was not too happy.
Ms Appy (Nicole Oliver): A member of the Kazoku tribe, it was she who recommended that Spin join the FCPD. She was originally Spin's teacher and is currently Tinny's teacher. She has been a teacher at Wozville Elementary School for ten cycles, and is so dedicated that she hardly ever leaves the school grounds. She takes her students on a field trip to each tribe's headquarters once a cycle.[http://rollbots.ytv.com/] When Spin wants to find out the truth about his origins, he asks Ms Appy if she knows anything, but she tells him that she does not remember because she has taught so many bots, and even calls Spin "Spoon". When her Fangbot (a RollBot dog) Pikea goes missing after eating an invisibility bot mod, Ms Appy asks Spin to save him. While talking to Tinny, she accidentally tells him that Pikea is the last Fangbot of his kind. When Vertex catches Pikea, he says that the Fangbot looks familiar to him. After Spin saves Pikea and gives him back to Ms Appy, it appears that she knows more about Spin than she is letting on, and it also seems that she trained Pikea to protect Spin. It is revealed in "Paradigm Shift Part 2" that Captain Pounder brought Spin to her class as a BotTot after saving him from being destroyed by Vertex like the other members of the Zushin tribe. It is also revealed in Spin's flashback that Pikea fought in the battle.
Debut.
"Rollbots" premiered on YTV in Canada on February 7, 2009. The series first aired on The CW4Kids in the United States on September 19, 2009.
Tribes.
Fuzata: The tribe responsible for finances and the economy. The Fuzuta tribe is responsible for the wealth and prosperity of Flip City. They are best known for their keen business sense and for providing a strong economy so that all bots have a chance to prosper.
Hai'bu: Sanitation and waste management are the responsibilities of this tribe. Their members are big and strong. The Hai'bu tribe keeps Flip City clean. This tribe is made up of some of the biggest and strongest bots who specialize in the transport and disposal of the city's trash.The Kenchi-ku are a sub-tribe that originated from this tribe.
Kazoku: The members of this tribe educate BotTots. The Kazoku tribe grooms all new BotTots and prepares them for their eventual role within their individual tribes. Flip City is a big world, and the educators of the Kazoku tribe make sure every bot is ready.
Kenchi-ku: Sub-tribe to the Hai'bu, who previously used them to help them clean in the small spaces by kicking them because of their small size. However, after a while, they were being kicked for amusement and sporting purposes, which lead to the invention of Bot-Ball, which is a RollBot version of soccer.
Kei'zatsu: Kei'zatsu's mission is "to protect and serve". The FCPD is made up of members from this tribe, although not all FCPD members are Kei'zatsus. They are involved with law enforcement. Since their job is to protect Flip City, they are forbidden from participating in various activities, such as the Flip City Grand Prix. Captain Pounder is the head of this tribe. They are the police officers of Flip City, and they ensure that all bots from all tribes obey the law.
Kuzuri: Members of the Kuzuri tribe are responsible for healthcare. Chief Surgeon Koto is the head of the tribe. The Kuzuri tribe supplies medical support to any bot in need. Whether it be a simple recharge or a complicated repair the Kuzuri tribe will have you back on the trax in a flash.
Nisen: Members of the Nisen tribe form the government of Flip City. They live in the upper regions of Flip City. Mayor Aria is the head of this tribe and Mayor of Flip City. They are the politicians of the RollBot world and ensure that all tribes and services are running smoothly.
Tensai: The scientific tribe, these are the most-intelligent RollBots in Flip City. The members of this tribe are responsible for the maintenance and construction of technological material. They are the creators of the new bot mods. Gates is the head of this tribe. 
Zeishi: A quiet and mysterious tribe. They live in remote boot sector homes and do not interact much with other tribes. The Zeishi tribe is the most obscure of the bunch. Very quiet and bizarre, bots from this tribe tend to keep to themselves and their homes.
Zobo'shi: The members of this tribe are involved in emergency services. They are firefighters, but assist in any disaster. They have a strong rivalry with the FCPD. Fire Chief Cables is the head of this tribe. 
Zogen'sha: This tribe lives in the Cathedral. The members provide spiritual guidance and also act somewhat like an oracle. Their rules forbid the Kei'zatsu from entering their cathedral. They appear to be aware of what Spin really is and his destiny as well. The En is the leader of this tribe. They provide insight into the past, present, and future of rollbot life and always seem to be stressed-out.
Zurasho: The construction workers of Flip City. Commander Octo is the head of this Tribe. The Zurasho tribe is responsible for the construction and maintenance of Flip City. These builders are proud of their work and always look to keep Flip City growing.
Zushin: The lost tribe, and the only tribe that can communicate with the Hub and override the system. The Hub will warn the Zushin directly if there is a problem anywhere in Flip City, but can limit warnings to only true emergencies on Zushin request. They also protect the other tribes, including Kei'zatsu. Spin is the only surviving member. When Spin was a BotTot, the tribe as a whole was exterminated by the Spiderbots, led by Vertex, as part of their plans to destroy all Rollbots.
There are actually twelve tribes, but most Rollbots believe that there are only eleven. The Kenchi-ku is a sub-tribe of the Hai'bu.
RollBots Online.
The official website of the show is operated by Xenophile Media. It currently has three main interactive sections:
There is also an application that allows visitors (who are members of YTV.com) to create and customize their very own RollBot.
Another important feature of the website is the Danuga translator. Danuga is the language of the RollBots. The translator allows visitors to translate English words and phrases into Danuga, and provides the correct pronunciation in Danuga.

</doc>
<doc id="21513362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513362" title="Bara, Gao Region">
Bara, Gao Region


</doc>
<doc id="21513375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513375" title="United States Ambassador to Mauritius">
United States Ambassador to Mauritius

The United States Ambassador to Mauritius is the official representative of the government of the United States to the government of Mauritius. The ambassador is concurrently the ambassador to Seychelles, while resident in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Ambassadors.
This is a list of United States ambassadors to Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="21513386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513386" title="Ouattagouna">
Ouattagouna

Geography and climate.
Located in the extreme south of the Ansongo Cercle and the region, the commune of Ouattagouna was established by Law No. 096-059, on 4 November 1996. It is bounded to the north by the communes of Boura and Tin-Hama, south by the prefecture Tilabery of Niger, to the east by the town of Tin-Hama and Menaka and west by the municipality of Tessit. It covers an area of 4093 square kilometers. A considerable amount of the commune lies in the Ansongo-Ménaka animal reserve, especially east of the main town. It is managed by 23 elected representatives including one woman, three in the cercle and one in the Regional Assembly headed by a Mayor, three assistants, a secretary general, a manager and a guard.
The relief of Ouattagouna is very rugged with a few hills located near Ankoum Migno and El Mack (Bintia in Hausa). Several rocky cliffs along the valley flanks the Niger River. The climate is Sahelian and is characterized by three distinct seasons, dry and cold from October to March; a hot season from April to May; and a rainy season from June to September. The commune experiences prevailing harmattan dry winds blowing for eight to nine months followed by the monsoon which is a humid wind blowing from July to September.
The average rainfall ranges from 250 to 300 mm per year and the temperature fluctuates between 10 °C and 30 °C. However rainfall may fluctuate, for instance from 1997 to 2002, the total ranged from 129.5 mm in 10 days in 1997 and 429.2 mm in 1999. In 2002 it was 208.4 mm in an 18 day period against 307 mm in 23 days in 2001 and 383.3 mm in 24 days in 2004 etc. The Niger River passes through the commune for about 50 kilometres. Several wadis runoff into the river including the Kamgala, Soror, Bolilam in Hausa, then that of Imminan in the Gourma.
The commune of Ouattagouna contains several small lakes, the most important being Afrag, Barguvi, Tamakazène, Soror Koutou, Tirrazir, Tikoubaradène, Tangouba, Tin Chiguéren, Tinibit, Petan Tibanguir, Gardabani, Tabakatt, Darous Bangou and others. Vegetation is mainly influenced by climate and is composed primarily of savannah grassland. The land is characterised by very deep clay and sandy soils, suitable for agriculture and growing vegetables along the Niger River, and the soils can give a red-brown color in sub-arid regions.
Wildlife.
The "Ansongo-Ménaka Nature Reserve", established in the years 1956-1960, takes up much of the land in the commune of Ouattagouna. The reserve was created to protect a variety of wildlife including elephants, giraffes, gazelles, panthers, lions, tigers, hyenas, oryx, ostriches, turtles, boas, porcupines, hippos, ducks, herons, geese, jackals, monkeys, hyenas, manatees, crocodiles, and lizards. Also, the presence of the rich fauna has led to the construction of a tourist camp Fafa but poaching and bush fires have threatened conservation in the region. The commune has a notable abundance of fish and the town has a high rate of fish production. However, common drought, flooding, and over-exploitation of fish stocks have seen catches fall sharply in quantity and quality in recent years.
Villages.
The commune contains the following settlements:

</doc>
<doc id="21513446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513446" title="Reckless (Special D. album)">
Reckless (Special D. album)

Reckless is a 2004 studio album by Special D.

</doc>
<doc id="21513447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513447" title="List of Kent County Cricket Club Twenty20 captains">
List of Kent County Cricket Club Twenty20 captains

This is a list of the men who have captained Kent County Cricket Club in at least one Twenty20 fixture since the creation of the Twenty20 format in 2003. Kent County Cricket Club have played all of their fixtures in this format in the Twenty20 Cup, a competition they won in 2007.
Captains.
"Statistics include all matches in the Twenty20 Cup. Players shaded in blue were at some point named official club captain. Those not shaded acted as captain when the official captain was unavailable."
"Statistics correct to the end of the 2009 Twenty20 Cup."

</doc>
<doc id="21513454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513454" title="University of Dreams">
University of Dreams

Dream Careers Inc. formerly known as University of Dreams, is an American corporation providing mainly summer internship programs. The company is based in Redwood City, California, and has 55 full-time employees (as of February 12, 2009). According to the New York Times, they are one of the most visible players in the industry.
History.
The company was founded in February 2000 as University of Dreams. It was featured on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing companies and also on an NPR broadcast.
University of Dreams merged with Career Expectations in 2010 and renamed itself to the current name of Dream Careers.
Services.
Dream Careers offers internships to college undergraduates. It charges a flat fee for an internship placement, housing, transportation, meals, and other related services. The programs have about an 85% success rate.

</doc>
<doc id="21513461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513461" title="Talataye">
Talataye


</doc>
<doc id="21513470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513470" title="2001–02 West Bromwich Albion F.C. season">
2001–02 West Bromwich Albion F.C. season

The 2001–02 season was West Bromwich Albion's 106th season in The Football League. The team had lost in the playoff semi-final to Bolton Wanderers in 2000–01, meaning that they would be playing in the Football League First Division for the ninth consecutive season, their 33rd season in total at the second level of English football.
Albion won eight and drew two of their last ten league games and sealed promotion by beating Crystal Palace on the final day of the season. The club's success was built on a solid defence; although only 12th in the division in terms of goals scored, they conceded just 29 times, the fewest goals the club has ever conceded in a league season of 42 or more games. The team kept a club record 27 clean sheets (24 of which were in the league), including 17 1–0 wins (15 in the league).
Kit.
West Bromwich Albion retained the previous season's kit, manufactured by Patrick and sponsored by the West Bromwich Building Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21513477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513477" title="Tessit">
Tessit


</doc>
<doc id="21513486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513486" title="Love of the Common People (song)">
Love of the Common People (song)

"Love of the Common People" is a folk ballad written and composed by John Hurley and Ronnie Wilkins, eventually released in 1970 on Hurley's album "John Hurley Sings about People", but first covered in January 1967 by The Four Preps. It had been covered by soul group The Winstons, reggae singer Nicky Thomas, country singer Waylon Jennings in 1967, The Simple Image in 1968, The Gosdin Brothers, The Everly Brothers, John Denver in his 1969 Rhymes & Reason album, Elton John, Stiff Little Fingers in 1982 and English pop singer Paul Young. In 2007 Bruce Springsteen covered it as part of his Seeger Sessions tour, releasing a live version of it as a bonus track on his "" album. It was also a hit in Ireland for showband star Joe Dolan.
Lyrics.
The lyrics tell a bleak story of poverty and joblessness. There is a mention of "free food tickets," a reference to government food stamp and welfare programs, and the lyrics also describe the subject family as having holes in their clothes. Though Wilkins and Hurley did not expressly say so in the lyrics, the song is also a protest of what they saw as the failure of the American government to do more for the poor and unemployed than it already had.
Nicky Thomas version.
Nicky Thomas recorded a Joe Gibbs-produced reggae version of the song in 1970, which sold over 175,000 copies in the United Kingdom and reached number 9 in the UK Singles Chart. It was Thomas's largest selling single, and, according to Steve Leggett of Allmusic, "practically defines the term 'pop reggae.'
Paul Young version.
In 1982 Paul Young released his interpretation of "Love of the Common People" as a single, but it, initially, failed to chart. It was only when Young had his first hit in 1983 with "Wherever I Lay My Hat (That's My Home)" and the single was re-released that it became a big hit. The single peaked at #2 in the UK, and reached the number one spot in Ireland and the Netherlands. This version also contained a solo by influential ska and reggae trombonist Rico Rodriguez.
On Stiff Little Fingers's re-mastered "Now Then..." album, there is an interview with Jake Burns where he re-calls Paul Young met Stiff Little Fingers at one of their concerts in Dunstable in support of the album in which Young asked Burns whether Stiff Little Fingers were planning to release the song as a single. When Burns told them they weren't, Young asked if they minded him releasing it as a single. They said he could, not thinking the single would do well. Burns then says jokingly in the interview, "Pfft! Go ahead. You'll never get anywhere with that, mate. Yeah, number 2, that'll teach me!"

</doc>
<doc id="21513494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513494" title="Mangai">
Mangai

Mangai is a town in Kwilu District, Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. Mangui lies on the southern bank of the Kasai River, at an altitude of 912 ft (277 m) 
The town is served by Mangui Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21513506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513506" title="Tin-Hama">
Tin-Hama


</doc>
<doc id="21513518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513518" title="Henneberger">
Henneberger

Henneberger can refer to :
See also: Hennenberger, Hennenberg, Henneberg (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="21513527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513527" title="Temera, Gao Region">
Temera, Gao Region


</doc>
<doc id="21513542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513542" title="Tarkint">
Tarkint


</doc>
<doc id="21513547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513547" title="1830 in paleontology">
1830 in paleontology

Dinosaurs.
Newly named dinosaurs.
Data courtesy of George Olshevsky's dinosaur genera list and Dr. Jeremy Montague's dinosaur genus database.

</doc>
<doc id="21513549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513549" title="1834 in paleontology">
1834 in paleontology


</doc>
<doc id="21513552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513552" title="1836 in paleontology">
1836 in paleontology

Dinosaurs.
Newly named dinosaurs.
Data courtesy of George Olshevsky's dinosaur genera list and Dr. Jeremy Montague's dinosaur genus database.

</doc>
<doc id="21513555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513555" title="Bizarra">
Bizarra

Bizarra is a super being. She is a distorted version of the superhero Wonder Woman, based on the Superman villain Bizarro. She is a very simple-minded being and speaks in reverse of what her true meaning is.
Biography.
Pre-Crisis.
Bizarro-Wonder Woman was first shown as a member of the Bizarro Justice League team of social misfit heroes that inhabited Bizarro World. Their home base is an abandoned submarine at the bottom of the sea. The team consisted of Bizarro, Bizarro Wonder Woman, Bizarro Yellow Lantern, Bizarro Aquaman, and Bizarro Hawkman. Batzarro had left the team to form the superhero group "The Insiders", a Bizarro version of the Outsiders team.
In the story, Bizarro was bored being able to defeat his fellow Justice League members so he creates a Bizarro version of the villain Amazo. Amazo steals the powers of the Justice League, including Wonder Woman, and helpfully gives them to ordinary citizens of Bizarro World. After realizing the folly of his actions, Bizarro convinces Bizarro Amazo to return the powers to the proper persons.
Post-Crisis.
In 1985, DC Comics introduced a storyline titled "Crisis on Infinite Earths". That company-wide story arc erased the established history of almost all DC Comic's characters. Bizarra was then re-introduced as part of an all new Bizarro Justice League team (which included Bizarro, Batzarro, Bizarro Flash, Bizarro Hawkgirl, and Bizarro Yellow Lantern). They live on the cube-shaped planet Htrae which is populated entirely with Bizarro-type humans. At one point, Bizarro Hawkgirl tied up Bizarra (in that story referred to as "Wonder Woman") with her own lasso. It was explained that Bizarra's lasso had the ability to force anyone tied by it to tell only lies. Bizarra seemed to be romantically interested in Bizarro but the feeling was not shared as Bizarro was in love with his world's version of Lois Lane only. During the storyline, it was shown that due to exposure to Htrae's blue sun, Bizarro gained the ability to create new Bizarro life-forms. Whether Bizarra was created by Bizarro or was a pre-existing character is unclear.
Bizarra is later shown to be working for the villain Monarch. She, along with several other variant super-heroes, torture Tracer mercilessly. Bizarra ends the battle by hanging Tracer with her lasso from a fire escape by his neck.
Powers and abilities.
Similar to Wonder Woman, Bizarra possesses super-strength and lightning quick reflexes. She also possesses a lasso that forces anyone tied by it to lie.
Other versions.
All-Star Superman.
In 2005, DC Comics released the "All-Star" line of comics. This line is not in continuity with the other comic book titles released through DC Comics so its storylines have no impact on Wonder Woman's generally established comic book history. In the title "All-Star Superman", a Bizarro Wonder Woman is introduced. Generally she is a 4- to 5-foot-tall () statue carried around by Bizarro on various Bizarro Justice League missions. Bizarro explains that Bizarro Wonder Woman started out as a beautiful baby who turned into an ugly cheap clay statue. Thus she has the opposite life of the traditional Wonder Woman who started out as a clay statue of a child who was transformed into a flesh and blood woman. Despite being an inanimate statue, Bizarro insists that Bizarro Wonder Woman is a good team player.
In other media.
An earlier animated version of Bizarra was shown in an episode of the 1985 television series "" titled "The Bizarro Super Powers Team". In the episode, Bizarro decides that his world of Bizarros needs more heroes than just Bizarro Supermen. He takes a duplicator ray to Earth and makes Bizarro duplicates of Wonder Woman, Firestorm and Cyborg. Planning on taking them back to protect Bizarro World, Mister Mxyzptlk convinces Bizarro to train his new friends on Earth, which causes havoc for the real Super Powers Team. In the episode, Bizarra is called "Bizarro Wonder Woman" and is voiced by actress B.J. Ward, who also voiced Wonder Woman.

</doc>
<doc id="21513559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513559" title="1842 in paleontology">
1842 in paleontology


</doc>
<doc id="21513561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513561" title="Taboye">
Taboye


</doc>
<doc id="21513563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513563" title="Lillian Chalmers">
Lillian Chalmers

Lilian Chalmers (born 5 December 1911) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the bronze medal in the 100 yards event.
She also competed in the 1938 European Championships in Athletics held in Vienna and finished sixth in the 200 metre event.

</doc>
<doc id="21513570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513570" title="1847 in paleontology">
1847 in paleontology


</doc>
<doc id="21513575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513575" title="Wyngarde">
Wyngarde

Wyngarde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21513577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513577" title="1848 in paleontology">
1848 in paleontology


</doc>
<doc id="21513585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513585" title="1850 in paleontology">
1850 in paleontology


</doc>
<doc id="21513591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513591" title="John Islan Jones">
John Islan Jones

John Islan Jones (17 February 1874 – 28 May 1968) was a Welsh Unitarian minister, academic and writer.
Life.
Jones was born on 17 February 1874 in Cardiganshire, south Wales. He was educated locally in Cribyn and Llanwnnen, studying with the poet David Thomas ("Dewi Hefin") until he was about 10 years old. He then worked as a farm servant and a stonemason until 1896, when he attended a school in Cribyn run by a Unitarian minister called David Evans, leaving in 1898 with a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford. After graduating in 1901, he transferred to Manchester College, Oxford to study for ordination. He won a scholarship to Marburg University and Jena University, but illness meant that he had to leave Germany before his doctorate was complete. He was a Unitarian minister in Accrington from 1906 to 1909, Bolton from 1909 to 1917 and Hindley from 1917 to 1939. He then retired to Wales, but was asked in 1945 to become Principal of Carmarthen Presbyterian College, a post he held until 1948. His writings included "A brief history of the Unitarian Church, Accrington" (1909), ' (1948), and a prize-winning volume of reminiscences, ' (1958). He died on 28 May 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21513615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513615" title="Tugan Gannet">
Tugan Gannet

__NOTOC__
The Tugan LJW7 Gannet, also known later as the Wackett Gannet after its designer Lawrence Wackett, was a small twin-engined airliner built by Tugan Aircraft in Australia in the 1930s. It was the first Australian-designed aircraft to enter series production. It was also the first Australian-designed and -built aircraft to be taken on strength by the Royal Australian Air Force.
The Gannet was a strut-braced, high-wing monoplane of conventional design, with twin engines mounted in nacelles on the wings. The undercarriage was of fixed, tailwheel configuration with divided main units. The wings were of wooden construction, skinned in plywood, and the fuselage was built from welded steel and covered in fabric. The prototype Gannet underwent flight testing in October 1935, and was destroyed in a crash shortly thereafter. The pilot and passengers perished in the ensuing fire, but despite this, the Gannet entered series production. 
The type was operated by Butler Air Transport between Sydney and Broken Hill and at least one flew with Ansett Airways in 1943. RAAF Gannets saw service as survey aircraft between 1935 and 1942 when they were converted into air ambulances for the newly formed No.2 Air Ambulance Unit. The last RAAF Gannets were scrapped in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="21513617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513617" title="G. Krug &amp; Son Ironworks and Museum">
G. Krug &amp; Son Ironworks and Museum

G. Krug & Son Ironworks is a historic iron works located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a complex consisting of: 1) a two-story tall gable-roofed building dating from the first quarter of the 19th century, which houses the earliest shop; 2) a four-story tall Victorian building which houses a business office on the first floor and storage rooms on the upper floors; and 3) a three-story tall shed-roofed addition dating from 1870-1880. It is in its fifth generation as a family business.
G. Krug & Son began in 1810 and is recognized as the oldest continuously operating blacksmith shop in the United States. The works is responsible for iron grills, railings, and other architectural elements that may be seen on buildings throughout Baltimore and at the Ginter House in Richmond, Virginia.
G. Krug & Son was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21513619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513619" title="Inékar">
Inékar

Inékar is a village and commune in the Cercle of Ménaka in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 27,000 square kilometers and in 2009 had a population of 8,714.

</doc>
<doc id="21513640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513640" title="Tidermène">
Tidermène


</doc>
<doc id="21513687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513687" title="Kaneohe Ranch">
Kaneohe Ranch

Kaneohe Ranch Management Limited manages the real estate owned by the family of Harold K.L. Castle and Alice H. Castle, and their non-profit charitable foundation, the Harold K.L. Castle Foundation founded in 1962. The real estate portfolio consists of land holdings on the windward side of Oahu, Hawaii, as well as other Oahu and mainland United States properties. Properties include commercial, retail, office, industrial and residential parcels.
History.
Mid 19th Century.
During the mid-19th century, most of the land in the area belonged to Kalama, Queen Consort of Kamehameha III and later Queen Dowager of the Kingdom of Hawaii. She and Judge Charles Coffin Harris began a sugar plantation on the land, but after she died in 1870 and it failed in 1871, the land eventually passed to Harris's daughter, Nannie H. Rice, who leased to J. P. Mendonca in 1894 to start Kaneohe Ranch.
Late 19th-Early 20th Century.
Born in 1886, Harold Kainalu Long Castle was the descendent of prominent businessmen and missionaries in Oahu. James Bicknell Castle, his father, served as a director of his father’s company and as a partner of Alexander & Baldwin, another “Big Five” company. By the late 1890s the Castle family was accumulating much of the east side of the island.
In the early 20th century Kaneohe Ranch lands were used for growing pineapple, processing sugar and for cattle operations. Harold K.L. Castle purchased Kailua in early 1917. The Kaneohe Ranch controlled nearly the entire Ko’olaupoko plain from the present Windward Community College through the present Windward Mall down to the piers at Heeia on Kaneohe Bay, all the way through Kailua to the Olomana Country Club. Its headquarters, the Kaneohe Ranch Building at Castle Junction, was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Mid-to-Late 20th Century.
Over the last half of the 20th century, Kaneohe Ranch transformed what was once natural wetlands into a suburban community. 
At the end of World War II, demand for affordable housing grew. The idea to build houses on long-term leased land became popular due to their lower purchase cost.
As part of his development strategy, Castle donated land along Kailua Road to churches that would eventually attract congregations to migrate towards Kailua. Further donations of land to schools, universities and hospitals enhanced the attractiveness of the community.
Community Development.
In the early 21st century, many commercial ground leases expired. Kaneohe Ranch initiated a community planning process in 2004 for re-developing properties with expiring leases. 
In 2004 the first phase of construction in Kailua town center included a new Longs Drugs store, of retail frontage along Kailua Road, and a 427 stall, 3-story parking garage.
The second phase, completed in the summer of 2006, included a Pier 1 Imports and the Kainalu Plaza and fountain.
The Kalapawai Café opened in 2007 with a similar look to the Kalapawai Market.
The third phase included of retail space, a new location for First Hawaiian Bank, Hawaii's second Whole Foods Market, and additional parking.
A two-story retail and office building will be set back from streets by to allow for wide sidewalks, tropical landscaping and outdoor café-style dining areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21513724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513724" title="Scott Walker discography">
Scott Walker discography

Scott Walker is the stage name of the American singer-songwriter Noel Scott Engel (born January 9, 1943 in Hamilton, Ohio), former lead singer with The Walker Brothers. He has been living in England since the 1960s, and continues to release new solo material.
His earliest material was released under his own name in the late 1950s. His most successful period in his career was between the years 1965 and 1970 where in he released three albums with The Walker Brothers, before going on to record a number of popular albums as a solo artist.
Walker's career faltered critically and commercially in the 1970s where he become stuck in a cycle of releasing lacklustre albums of MOR covers. In the mid-1970s Walker reformed The Walker Brothers with mixed results. Their final album together; "Nite Flights" (1978) was a sonic breakthrough for Walker. His next three albums - each released eleven years apart - developed and expanded his new direction.
"For a detailed listing of Scott Walker's albums and singles with The Walker Brothers, see: The Walker Brothers discography."
Pre-Walker Brothers discography 1957-63.
Prior to forming The Walker Brothers, Scott Walker recorded a series of songs under various names, most commonly as Scott Engel. Many of these recordings were later compiled and re-released credited to Scott Walker. Walker also collaborated with John Stewart in a series of short-lived groups, such as The Moongooners, Newporters and Chosen Few.

</doc>
<doc id="21513737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513737" title="Almshouse (disambiguation)">
Almshouse (disambiguation)

An almshouse is charitable housing that is provided to enable people to live in a particular community.
Specific places named Almshouse include:
In the United States (by state then city):

</doc>
<doc id="21513743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513743" title="Jason Aldean discography">
Jason Aldean discography

Jason Aldean is an American country music artist. His discography comprises five studio albums ("Jason Aldean", "Relentless", "Wide Open", "My Kinda Party" and "Night Train") and seventeen singles. Among these singles are eleven Number Ones on the Country Airplay chart: "Why", "She's Country", "Big Green Tractor", "The Truth", "Don't You Wanna Stay", "Dirt Road Anthem", "Fly Over States", "Take a Little Ride", "The Only Way I Know", "Night Train", and "When She Says Baby". His first, second, third, and fifth albums are all certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and his fourth album, "My Kinda Party", is certified triple platinum.
"My Kinda Party" produced his highest-charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song "Dirt Road Anthem" reached number seven on the chart, and featured a studio remix with rapper Ludacris. "My Kinda Party" is also his first album to be certified in Canada.
His fifth album, "Night Train", produced his highest charting single on the Canadian Hot 100 in "Take a Little Ride". The album was also his first Number One on the "Billboard" 200 and Canadian Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21513766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513766" title="Terminal Warehouse">
Terminal Warehouse

Terminal Warehouse, also known as the Flour Warehouse of Terminal Corporation, is a historic warehouse building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It has a common bond brick exterior accented by a rusticated brownstone foundation built originally in 1894, with a steel beam addition constructed in 1912. It was designed by noted Baltimore architect Benjamin B. Owens.
Terminal Warehouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21513772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513772" title="Luca Trevisan">
Luca Trevisan

Luca Trevisan is a professor of computer science at Stanford University.
His research area is theoretical computer science, focusing on randomness, cryptography, probabilistically checkable proofs, approximation, property testing, and sublinear algorithms.
He received his Ph.D. from La Sapienza, Rome, under the supervision of Pierluigi Crescenzi. After postdoctoral studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and DIMACS, he held an assistant professor position at Columbia University before moving to the University of California, Berkeley and then, in 2010, to Stanford.
He won the Danny Lewin Best Student Paper Award at the 1997 Symposium on Theory of Computing, the Oberwolfach Prize in 2000, and a Sloan Fellowship also in 2000. He was an invited speaker at the 2006 International Congress of Mathematicians in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="21513779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513779" title="Joachim von Bertrab">
Joachim von Bertrab

Leutnant Joachim von Bertrab (died 1922) was a German air ace of the First World War credited with five confirmed victories.
Early life.
Joachim Lambert Robert Herman von Bertrab was born in the village of Sankt Andreasberg/Clausthal-Zellerfeld in the Duchy of Brunswick, the German Empire. He began his military service in his duchy's No. 46 Field Artillery Regiment as a leutnant.
World War I service.
After switching to aviation duty, Bertrab was initially assigned to FFA 71, then "Fokkerstaffel Metz". After transfer, while serving with Jagdstaffel 30 under Hans Bethge, Bertrab claimed two Martinsyde G100 bombers from No. 27 Squadron RFC on 6 April 1917. A British formation of four targeted Ath, Belgium. Bertrab picked off one Martinsyde "Elephant" as they began their bomb run, and set afire a second one after bomb fall. Just over two hours later, at 1048 hours, Bertrab's attack on a formation of Sopwith 1 1/2 Strutters from No. 45 Squadron RFC caused two to collide in midair, with no survivors. A Royal Aircraft Factory F.E.2d from No. 20 Squadron RFC was then claimed on 15 May 1917 over Lille.
While attempting to become a balloon buster by shooting down an observation balloon over Souchez, France, Bertrab was shot down by Lt. Mick Mannock of 40 Squadron on 12 August and taken prisoner. Mannock noted that it took him five minutes dogfighting to down Bertrab's new black Albatros D.V, and that he wounded the German ace in the left leg and both arms, breaking the right one.
Bertrab favored an Albatros D.III or Albatros D.V as his aircraft of choice. His personal mount was painted black or dark purple, with the Maltese Crosses edged in white and a comet painted on the side of the fuselage. Bertrab won both classes of the Iron Cross for his feats.
Postwar.
Joachim von Bertrab survived the war but died near Boitzenburg on 18 July 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="21513780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513780" title="CFL Dispersal Draft">
CFL Dispersal Draft

The CFL player dispersal draft was held with the disbanding of the Ottawa Renegades franchise in 2006. The draft took place on April 12th and consisted of eight rounds, with Kerry Joseph being selected first overall by Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="21513784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513784" title="Chunnamal Haveli">
Chunnamal Haveli

Lala Chunnamal and his family were Khatri merchants (Chunnamal Saligram) of brocade and textiles during the Mughal period. When the first municipality for Delhi was formed in 1862, Lala Chunnamal was appointed Municipal Commissioner.
History.
After the 1857 Indian Rebellion of 1857, Lala Chunnamal emerged as the wealthiest person in Delhi. Mirza Ghalib lamented on the plight of Muslims after the Ghadar, envying the illuminated mansion of Chunnamal. Chunnamal was the first person in Delhi to acquire an automobile and a phone.
The British had auctioned the Fatehpuri Masjid after the 1857 war to Lala Chunnamal for Rs. 19,000, who preserved the mosque. Later in 1877 it was acquired by the government in exchange for four villages and was restored to the Muslims at the Delhi Darbar when the British allowed the Muslims back in Old Delhi. A similar mosque, Akbarabadi Masjid, built by the Akbarabadi Begum, wife of Shah Jahan in 1650, was destroyed by the British.
Rai Lala Chunnamal's haveli in Katra Nil section of Chandni Chowk is spread over one acre, with 128 rooms is built on the three floors. The tenth generation of the Chunnamal family currently lives in it. It is surrounded by 139 shops.
An inscription on the drawing room wall states that it was built in 1848. Parts of it were built in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="21513794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513794" title="Kevin Curtin">
Kevin Curtin

Kevin Curtin is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Curtin made his full All Whites debut with a substitute appearance in a 1-3 loss to Australia on 9 October 1972 and ended his international playing career with 18 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap a substitute appearance in a 1-1 draw, also against Australia on 30 March 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21513807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513807" title="American Society for Neurochemistry">
American Society for Neurochemistry

The American Society for Neurochemistry (ASN) is a professional society for neurochemists and neuroscientists from North, Central, and South America and the Caribbean, whose research concerns the role and interactions of small molecules (proteins, peptides, nucleic acids, lipids, sugars) in the development, growth, function and pathology of the nervous system.
History.
The ASN was founded in 1969. The organizing committee that founded the ASN consisted of 12 scientists, namely Jordi Folch-Pi, Guy McKhann, Francis LeBaron, Bernard Agranoff, Donald B. Tower, E. Martin Gal, Semour S. Kety, Abel Lajtha, Henry S. Mahler, Eugene Roberts, Wallace W. Tourtellotte, and Frederick J. Wolfgram. The first President of ASN was Dr Tower; Dr Folch-Pi was the 2nd President. The current president (2013–2015) is Etty (Tika) Benveniste at the University of Alabama at Birmingham; and the current president elect is Babette Fuss in Richmond, Virginia.
The ASN was incorporated August 5, 1969, and is guided by a set of Bylaws and Standing Rules which incorporate amendments to the bylaws. These guidelines, and other aspects of running and maintaining the society are carried out by the officers and council members; who are assisted by a number of Standing Committees. The history and archives of ASN have been organized by several current and former ASN members, as well as the list of past and current officers and council members. An informal history of the ASN has been organized by Dr Claude Baxter.
The roots of neurochemistry are being documented by several current ASN members. A brief biography of Nicolas-Louis Vauquelin was recently published in the newsletter of the International Society for Neurochemistry, a sister society of ASN; future articles will cover the lives of the founders of neurochemistry, including Thudicum, Magendie, and others.
Annual meeting.
Annual meetings include plenary lectures, symposia, colloquia and workshops over the course of 4 days. The scientific program of the meetings are designed to address the four major themes of the Society:
Substantial time is allotted throughout the meeting for scientific discussions both formally and informally. Short oral presentations are selected from the submitted abstracts, along with daily poster sessions. Special efforts are taken to encourage young investigator participation. The Society sponsors a dinner for pre-doctoral and post-doctoral students to enable them to establish stronger relationships with their peers. The Society also subsidizes lunches with the plenary speakers. Numerous travel awards are available for fellows and junior faculty, and young investigators are encouraged to submit and chair or co-chair scientific sessions for the annual meeting.
The first annual ASN meeting was held March 16–18, 1970 in Albuquerque, NM. The 45th meeting took place in the beginning of March 2014 in Long Beach, California. In addition to the scientific content, there are several events that reach out to local students and public. This includes a visit from local high school students to introduce them to neuroscience research; and a Public Forum that is open to the general public and addresses a current health concern. At the 2014 meeting the Public Forum was titled "Marijuana: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" and was one of the highest attended Public Forum meetings ever. The ASN also hosts an image competition "Science in Nature" where attendees submit representative art of their research interests. Images are judged for scientific as well as artistic merit, winners receive small donated prizes including the current edition of Basic Neurochemistry, and winning images incorporated into a calendar.
Every 6 years the ASN helps organize a joint meeting with the International Society for Neurochemistry; in 2007 the joint meeting was scheduled to take place in Cancun, Mexico but was canceled due to Hurricane Dean. However, Cancun was selected as the venue for the 2013 joint meeting which was highly successful. The next joint ISN-ASN meeting will take place in 2019 with the exact venue still to be determined.
Publications.
The ASN publishes the textbook Basic Neurochemistry used worldwide by undergraduate, graduate, and post graduate students and instructors. The founding editor was George Siegel, and the current chief editor is Scott Brady. Basic Neurochemistry is currently in its 8th edition, which was published in December 2011.
The ASN launched a new Open Access online journal titled ASN NEURO at the 40th annual meeting which took place in March 2009. ASN NEURO is published by Portland Press, and furthers the ASN missions to advance, promote, support, encourage and facilitate communication among cellular and molecular neuroscientists. The founding editor was Anthony Campagnoni, at the University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA), who served for 4.5 years. The position of Editor in Chief is now held by Monica Carson from the University of California in Riverside. After 2 years the journal did extremely well having been accepted for indexing into PubMed after 2 issues, and with several papers receiving special recognition in Faculty1000 as well as in local and national news reports. ASN NEURO received an initial impact factor from the Institute for Scientific Information(ISI) of 3.8 in June 2011 which reflects citations in 2009 and 2010 to papers published in 2009. The current impact factor is 3.638 placing it into the top third of neuroscience journals.
Awards.
The Jordi Folch-Pi Award is given to an outstanding young investigator who has demonstrated a high level of research competence and originality, who has significantly advanced our knowledge of neurochemistry and who shows a high degree of potential for future accomplishments. Dr Jordi Folch-Pi, one of the founders of ASN, is known for his discovery of mild methods to extract biological lipids and for the discovery of myelin proteolipid protein. A full list of past awardees can be found here 
The Marian Kies Memorial Award is given to a junior scientist for outstanding research conducted during graduate training. Dr Kies devoted energy and enthusiasm to the development of young scientists, and is known for her work on myelin basic protein and studies in animal models of multiple sclerosis. A full list of past awardees can be found here 
The Bernard Haber Award recognizes an individual whose leadership skills have fostered collaborations among the world's neuroscientists. Dr Haber was editor-in-chief of the Journal of Neuroscience Research, and developed strong relationships between ASN and the International Society for Neurochemistry.
The ASN offers Young Investigator Educational Enhancement (YIEE) awards graduate students in their last year of studies and who reside in the Americas to travel to the annual meeting. Beginning at the 2010 meeting, one YIEE awardee is selected to receive the prestigious ASN NEURO travel award.
ASN also offers Young Latin American Award scholarships for young neuroscientists from Latin American countries. These awards subsidize travel expenses to attend the Annual Meeting, along with a short visit to an established neuroscience laboratory in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="21513834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513834" title="Rod Richard">
Rod Richard

Rodney ("Rod") Richard (born February 8, 1932) is an American athlete who competed in the 1955 Pan American Games.
At the 1955 Pan American Games he won the gold medal in the 100 metre event as well as in the 200 metre competition. He was also a member of the American relay team which won the gold medal in the 4×100 metre contest.
In 1956 he failed to qualify for the Olympics after finishing seventh in the 100 metre event as well as in the 200 metre competition at the USA Olympic Trials in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="21513848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513848" title="12 (Vancouver) Field Ambulance">
12 (Vancouver) Field Ambulance

12 (Vancouver) Field Ambulance is a Canadian Forces Primary Reserve medical unit in Vancouver, British Columbia.
History.
This unit has a long and distinguished history that lives up to the medical corps tradition of being faithful in adversity. It is the latest in a line of Vancouver army medical units dating back to 18 Field Ambulance of World War I.
World War I.
It started out initially as a local militia unit. In World War I, the field ambulance was sent to the 5th Canadian Division and stationed with the Seaforth Highlanders for a period of time. After the war, it was set up as a reserve unit and renamed 12 Field Ambulance. The unit was called to active service in World War II in 1939.
World War II.
In 1942 the unit, now known as 12 Canadian Light Field Ambulance (the term "light" indicated that it was equipped to be particularly fast moving and so able to keep up with a swiftly advancing armoured division), sailed to England with the 4th (Canadian) Armoured Division. Providing medical support to the Division as they participated in operations within Europe. One of the unit's most significant action was in support of the 4th Armoured Division during the battle of Hochwald Forest.
12 Field Ambulance made Canadian medical corps history becoming the only field ambulance to engage the enemy in combat. This occurred one morning in April 1945 in the German town of Sogel. German soldiers approached, and fired upon the casualty treatment facility under cover of darkness. The Commanding Officer quickly organized two platoons, and placed them at the approaches to the dressing stations. They held off the enemy for two hours; with weapons borrowed from the wounded -at the time medics didn't carry weapons- until a squadron of tanks arrived to relieve them. During the fighting the dressing station continued treating patients. The Commanding Officer, LCol A.D. MacPherson received the Distinguished Service Order for his leadership in this action; Cpl F.F. Thompson was awarded the Military Medal, and Capt Harry Jolley received the Member of the Order of the British Empire.
Post-World War II to 1999.
After the war, 12 Field Ambulance was reverted to the Army Reserve (Militia) and moved to Jericho Garrison in 1947. The unit was then renamed 24 Medical Company following another move to Bessborough Armoury. In 1969, the medical unit became attached to 12 Vancouver Service Battalion. In the early 1970s, the unit was disbanded along with all militia medical units across Canada. After existing as a medical station at 12 Service Battalion for several years, the unit was raised as 12 (Vancouver) Medical Company in 1980 and is relocated back to its present location at Jericho Garrison later that year. During this period, the unit has participated in numerous peace keeping missions and served on tours in Bosnia, Croatia, Cypress, Aviano and the Golan Heights.
2000 to Present.
12 Field Ambulance have been involved with local operations ranging from G8 Security in 2002 to fighting BC Forest Fires in the year 2003. Recently, the unit has been awarded with the Freedom of the City from the city of Vancouver in 2007. In addition to domestic operations, the unit has participated in operations overseas, most recently in Operation Athena in Afghanistan and have members that are currently training for further deloyments.
Awards.
Freedom of the City of Vancouver was given to the 12 (Vancouver) Field Ambulance on April 14, 2007.
Operations.
12 Field Ambulance has had members deployed in many domestic and foreign operations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21513857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513857" title="Mr. Football Award (Alabama)">
Mr. Football Award (Alabama)

The Alabama Mr. Football Award is, as in other states, an honor given to the top high school football player in the state of Alabama; it is awarded by a panel of sports writers.

</doc>
<doc id="21513860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513860" title="Focus (Italian magazine)">
Focus (Italian magazine)

Focus is an Italian popular science magazine published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore since 1992. It includes articles about science, technology, history, health, and social issues.
See also.
List of magazines published in Italy

</doc>
<doc id="21513871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513871" title="Pseudoparamys cezannei">
Pseudoparamys cezannei

Pseudoparamys cezannei is a species of extinct rodent in family Ischyromyidae. It is named after French post-impressionist painter Paul Cézanne.

</doc>
<doc id="21513878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513878" title="Blues for Fred">
Blues for Fred

Blues for Fred is a 1988 (see 1988 in music) album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass. It was recorded as a tribute to singer and dancer Fred Astaire, who had died the previous year.
After numerous recordings produced by Norman Granz (who had sold Pablo to Fantasy Records in 1987), this is Pass' first with new producer Eric Miller. 

</doc>
<doc id="21513882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513882" title="Rieman Block">
Rieman Block

Rieman Block is a historic commercial building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Queen Anne-style terraced brick commercial and residential block of three stories plus a mansard roof in height, built about 1880. The shop fronts date from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It is named for Joseph Rieman (1822-1898), a real estate developer and member of the boards of several corporations.
Rieman Block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21513912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513912" title="List of Hollyoaks characters (2009)">
List of Hollyoaks characters (2009)

The following is a list of minor characters that first appeared on the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" in 2009, by first appearance.
Natty.
Natty, played by former "Emmerdale" actor Danny Tennant, made his first on-screen appearance on 2 February 2009. 
Tennant originally auditioned for another role, but producers asked him to audition for the role of Natty in which he was successful.
On 31 March 2009, Natty invited his friend Daniel Raven to meet Ste. The two also became friends. In May, Natty revealed he had a son whom he gave up because he could not cope. Daniel, Natty and Abi Raven run a charity called 'Kidz with Kidz', they set it up for young teenagers who are struggling parenthood. Any parents that they feel are struggling, the charity will take the baby and give it to a better home. On 21 May, he comforted an upset Zoe Carpenter over her failed film project, they shared a kiss. In June, he got a job at the SU Bar they soon become a couple despite Abi and Daniel trying to sabotage their relationship. It appeared Natty is a victim of a previous scam set up by Daniel and Abi, in which he was also drugged and received crank calls until he snapped, resulting in losing custody of his child. When Abi and Daniel attempted to steal Lucas Hay, Natty helped Ste get him back. He was not seen again until October 2009, when he moved in briefly with Ste and started working at Relish. He has not been seen since. 
Persephone Hart.
Persephone Hart, played by Elizabeth Hadley, is a girl who attended Steph Cunningham's Dance school. She first appeared on 3 March 2009. She bullied Tom and Holly Cunningham several times by ordering Tom around and making fun of Holly's dancing. She lied to her sister Lydia about Sarah Barnes hitting her when Sarah took her aside at the dance class and told her to try to get along with Holly and Tom. Lydia ordered Steph to fire Sarah or she would go to the police and Steph was given no choice but to fire her. Persephone was found out when Lydia wanted to ask Holly and Tom what had happened after Persephone lied that Sarah hit them as well. Persephone was forced to tell her she had made the whole thing up. Lydia then apologised to Sarah, spoke to Steph and got Sarah her job back. On 27 April 2009, Sarah bribed Holly to make friends with Persephone so she could spend time with Lydia, however Holly and Persephone only ended up arguing. On 8 May 2009, Persephone ruined Lydia and Sarah's meal together when she turned up at Sarah's and asked Lydia to look after her.
Fernando Fernandez.
Fernando Fernandez, played by Jeronimo Best, first appeared on 23 March 2009 as a teacher of Steph Cunningham's (Carley Stenson) rival dance classes.
Casting auditions were held for the part of the Spanish character. Eventually after the initial stages actor Jeronimo Best was offered to portray the role. Best was chosen despite not being the same nationality as Fernando, with Best being of Mexican descent. Despite the character's occupation being a dance instructor, Best revealed that he was asked to improvise on set because he didn't know how to perform any of the routines the character specialises in.
Storylines.
Fernando's first storyline was setting up a rival dance class against Steph Cunningham. Steph takes a liking to him, as does Cindy Cunningham (Stephanie Waring). Fernando reveals that he had recently broke up with his girlfriend, who resembles Zoe Carpenter (Zoe Lister) It is later revealed that in fact, she had died and he left Spain to clear his mind.
Fernando returns after a brief departure. Fernando and Steph go on a couple of dates, and he finds a love rival in Gilly Roach (Anthony Quinlan), who starts to develop feelings for Steph. Steph and Fernando eventually start a relationship. Gilly remains amicable with Steph and Fernando, despite his growing feelings for Steph. Steph's foster brother Barry Newton (Nico Mirallegro) runs away from home, and with the stress of his disappearance, Steph forgets Fernando's birthday. After Gilly informs her of her mistake, he gives her some tickets to an outdoor pursuits week for her to offer Fernando. Fernando, Steph, Gilly, Zoe and Sarah Barnes (Loui Batley) go on the trip. Steph and Gilly nearly kiss but are caught in a trap by the group leader Kingsley (Daniel Goldenberg) and Fernando. Feeling angry, Gilly throws Fernando's bag into the lake, after Fernando reveals he is unable to swim. However, Steph's epilepsy tablets were in the bag, and subsequently she and Fernando have to abandon the trip and return home. Gilly also leaves. Steph overhears a poem Gilly wrote with racist undertones towards Fernando, she assumes Gilly's best friend Rhys Ashworth (Andrew Moss) wrote the poem and she tells Fernando, who finds Rhys and punches him. Fernando finds it hard to bond with Tom (Ellis Hollins). However, they begin to get to know each other. After this, Fernando proposes marriage to Steph, which she accepts. However, when Steph starts to feel more for Gilly, she calls off their engagement and Fernando leaves.
Reception.
Grace Dent of "The Guardian" joked about Steph failed engagement to Fernando stating: "With the best will in the world, I don't feel that marriage was ever going to last." She also poked fun at Fernando's reaction stating: "Fernando was heartbroken yet stoic, vowing to keep his head held high and cope with his loss through the power of dance."
Daniel Raven.
Daniel Raven, played by Chris Hargreaves, is the friend of Natty who he first introduced to Ste Hay.
On 3 April 2009, Daniel and his wife Abi were called by Ste when Amy Barnes went into labour. After the birth of Lucas Hay, Daniel and Abi visited the baby regularly and gave Ste advice on how to win over Mike Barnes. On 16 April, Ste revealed that Daniel and Abi would become Lucas's Godparents, however when they were on their own with Lucas, it appeared that they had bigger plans to be in Lucas's life. Daniel, Natty and Abi run a charity called 'Kidz with Kidz', they set it up for young teenagers who are struggling with being parents. Any parents that they feel are struggling, Daniel and the charity will take the baby away to give it to a better home. On 21 May, Abi told Daniel that she was keeping Lucas because his mother did not even want him.
In July, Natty became suspicious of Abi and Daniel. Daniel then taunted Natty and explained his plans. Natty then beat him up. With Natty out of the way, Daniel and Abi continued to drug Ste and were happy when, after an argument, Ste decided to stop Mike from seeing Lucas. Daniel then interviewed a couple to adopt Lucas, and after finding out Abi had slept with Ste, tried to convince Ste, who had shaken Lucas, to give him up. Ste agreed, however Abi took Lucas and phoned the police. Daniel was arrested and Abi gave Lucas back to Ste. Daniel was then released and told Ste, who planned to leave with Abi, that she was only interested in Lucas. Ste realised this and told Abi to leave. Daniel and Abi then admitted they still loved each other and left.
Abi Raven.
Abi Raven, played by Elaine Glover, is the wife of Ste Hay's friend Daniel who first appeared on 3 April 2009 when Amy Barnes gave birth to Lucas Hay.
Abi is a nurse who arrived to deliver Lucas. On 6 April 2009, she revealed to Ste and Mike Barnes that Amy had left hospital during the night. On 13 April, Abi tried to convince Sarah Barnes to trust Ste and let him host a naming party for Lucas. On 17 April, at the naming party, Ste announced that Abi and Daniel would be Lucas's Godparents, however when they were on their own with Lucas, it appeared that they had bigger plans to be in his life.
On 19 May 2009, Abi revealed that her and Daniel had a baby together called Michael who died of SIDS and this was the reason for her, Daniel and Natty's care for Lucas. However even though Daniel planned to give Lucas away to better parents, Abi disagreed to the idea as he had promised her that she would have Lucas. In July, Ste moved in with Abi and Daniel, they then continued to drug him. Mike confronted Abi after an argument with Ste and questioned she and Daniel's interest in Ste and Lucas. After discovering Daniel had interviewed a couple to possibly adopt Lucas, Abi and Ste began to grow closer. Abi told Daniel she will leave him and take Lucas if he tried to give him up. Abi was comforted by Ste. Abi the leant in to kiss him, however he pulled away and left. Ste was scared Abi had told Daniel of their kiss and attempted to avoid them. Whilst on their own, Abi and Ste once again comforted each other and slept together.
After discovering Daniel had interviewed a couple to adopt Lucas, Abi told him she would leave him. Daniel caught Ste almost shaking Lucas and convinced him to give him to the parents. Abi took Lucas and phoned the police. Daniel was arrested and Abi gave Lucas back to Ste. Daniel was then released and told Ste, who planned to leave with Abi, that she was only interested in Lucas. Ste realised this and told Abi to leave. Abi and Daniel then admitted they still loved each other and left.
Lucas Hay.
Lucas Hay is the son of Amy Barnes and Ste Hay, and the half-brother of Leah Barnes and is played by a child actor William Hall. He was born on 3 April 2009 and was delivered by his father Ste and his friend Daniel's wife, Abi. His name was chosen by Ste. After his birth, Josh Ashworth tried to stop Ste seeing Lucas, but Sarah Barnes blackmailed Josh into handing Lucas over to Ste and Lucas moved in with his father. In July, Mike found Ste asleep whilst caring for Lucas. As a result, Mike took Lucas and decided to look after him. Ste found Mike and taunted him about his family, Mike then hit him. The next day, Mike approached Abi Raven about her interests in Ste and Lucas. Ste then told Mike that he would no longer be seeing Lucas and he was going to a solicitor. In August, after weeks of drugging Ste, Daniel Raven went behind Abi's back and interviewed a couple who hoped to adopt Lucas. Ste was pushed to the limit and almost shook Lucas, Daniel used this as an excuse to give him to the adopters. Sarah and Zoe Carpenter helped Ste as Abi took Lucas. Abi then made the decision to hand Lucas back to Ste. When a fire is set in Il Gnosh while Lucas and Leah are being looked after by Amy in the flat above, Steph Roach saves them after the fire spreads. In 2012, Amy moves away from "Hollyoaks" village and takes Lucas and Leah to live with her. Lucas and Leah return to the village in December to stay with Ste, while Amy goes abroad with her new fiancee. Amy returns to the village in February 2013 after discovering Ste's relationship with Brendan Brady (Emmett Scanlan) she then leaves once more with the children, leaving Ste upset.
Adrian Kennedy.
Adrian P. Kennedy, played by Richard Lawrence, was Zoe Carpenter's film studies lecturer at Hollyoaks Community College.
Adrian first appeared when Zoe lost her film, which was needed to grade her college course, from her computer. He told her that she needed to hand it in and gave her an extension in order to complete a new one. However, Adrian was unaware that Zoe had in fact stolen a script from Mike Barnes and used it for her film. On 9 June 2009, Adrian played Zoe's film, which he passed, in the SU Bar. Zoe realised that Sarah Barnes was watching the film, which was about Mike's struggle with the birth of Sarah and his possibility to put her up for adoption. Sarah was very unhappy and thought Mike had told Zoe his past. Adrian made an indecent proposition to Zoe, telling her that he will forget her plagiarism if she slept with him. Zoe was horrified and left humiliated. On 18 June, Zoe went to see him, he assumed she was accepting his offer, however, she told him it was not worth it. He then failed her.
After finding out about the proposition Zoe's friends were disgusted and vowed revenge on him. However, at the Graduation ball, Zak Ramsey, Kris Fisher, Archie Carpenter and Rhys Ashworth followed Adrian into the staff toilets, wearing disguises, and soaked him with water and then threw faeces over him. Zoe was shocked but bemused and also humbled that her friends would do anything for her.
Caleb Ramsey.
Caleb Ramsey, played by Michael Ryan, is the brother of Zak and Hayley Ramsey. He first appeared on 25 May 2009. He left for Afghanistan on 26 June 2009.
Caleb is in the army and arrived with Hayley on 25 May 2009 in The Dog. Zak appeared to have a dislike of his brother's presence. Michaela McQueen was impressed with his fitness level and appeared to admire him. In June 2009, Zak returned from a weekend at army camp, where he claimed to have been working hard. Caleb started to get suspicious when Zak claimed to have fired a gun, Caleb then told Michaela that Zak was lying.
In mid June 2009, Caleb and Zak helped Ash Roy refurbish Relish, however, after Ash was rude to them, they quit. Ravi Roy convinced them, and Archie Carpenter, to return and promised them a bonus. On 18 June, after the completion of Relish, Ash, who was annoyed of his brother's popularity, told Caleb that Ravi might fancy him. Caleb, who did not know Ravi was bisexual, ran up and punched him. On 19 June, Ash found out what Caleb did and threatened him. Zak told Caleb that he was embarrassed and did not want to speak to him. Ravi went to the hospital after collapsing and was diagnosed with a brain aneurysm. In the SU Bar on 23 June, Caleb started an argument with Kris Fisher and Ravi. He took Kris by his t-shirt but Ravi pushed him off. Caleb told him to go outside so they could fight as Ash arrived. Ravi, knowing fighting could cause his aneurysm to kill him, refused and ran out. Ash told Ravi he was ashamed, as his brother had run out. On 24 June, Caleb told Zak that he had been called back to Afghanistan by the Army. Caleb revealed he was scared. He got drunk and approached Leila Roy and Elliot Bevan, where he asked Leila for a kiss. Elliot stood up for his girlfriend, holding Caleb back as he grabbed her. Ravi seen them, ran up and punched him. Ravi shouted to Caleb to stay away from his sister. The next day, he attended Zak's graduation. After, Caleb reluctantly returned to the Army in Afghanistan.
On 12 April 2010, Zak received a phone call from his mother to inform him that Caleb had died in Afghanistan on patrol. It was initially thought his death was an accident, but however his friend Tariq caused his death as while on patrol, Tariq tried to save a boy and regretfully told Caleb to drive their truck the opposite direction, leading Caleb to a roadside bomb, killing him.
Christine Carpenter.
Christine Carpenter, played by Race Davies, is the mother of Zoe and Archie Carpenter. She first appeared on 26 June 2009 with her husband Graham for Zoe's graduation from college. Graham and Christine gave Zoe a necklace, unaware she had failed her degree. Adrian Kennedy, her lecturer, approached Zoe, Graham, Christine and Archie and told Zoe she should tell her parents. Graham and Christine were disappointed but forgave her. 
Christine returned in October 2009 to visit Zoe in prison after she was charged with the murder of Sarah Barnes. She later appeared in November during Zoe's trial.
Erin Fisher.
Erin Fisher, played by Gemma Craven, is the mother of Malachy and Kris Fisher. Erin first appeared in Hollyoaks Later in 2008 at her husband Eamon's funeral and Malachy's wedding to Mercedes McQueen. She arrived in Hollyoaks on 26 June 2009 for Kris's graduation from college. Erin has a fear of flying and Kris was surprised she flew over. She looked down at Malachy's mother-in-law, Myra McQueen, by saying she must have been named after the murderer. After the graduation, Kris announced he would escort Erin back to Northern Ireland. Erin returns in November 2010 after Malachy's death, where she discovers Mercedes lied to Malachy about having HIV, which led to him hitting her. She then bans Mercedes from attending the funeral.
Sheila Buxton.
Sheila Buxton, played by Jessica Hall, is the manager of a call centre in Hollyoaks village. She first appeared on 28 July 2009. The "Hollyoaks" website stated on 14 August that Hall is ""Hollyoaks' " latest super-bitch".
Sheila first appears when Kris Fisher, Zak Ramsey, Sarah Barnes and Zoe Carpenter begin working at the local call centre. She promotes Kris and makes him fire Zak. Zoe is angry with Kris and makes him realise what he is truly like, he then stands down from the assistant manager's position. Sheila then takes the opportunity to get revenge on Kris for quitting by promoting Zoe. In October 2009, Sheila takes a liking to Elliot Bevan, whom she hires to work in the centre, and they soon sleep together, before beginning a relationship.
When the call centre is closed down, Sheila is left devastated. Elliot ends his relationship with her due to viewing the relationship as a fling. However, they later make up. Elliot gets close to his ex-girlfriend Leila Roy, which makes Sheila jealous. She then ends her relationship with Elliot, realising he still has feelings for Leila. They later start their relationship once more.
Gareth Bevan.
Gareth Bevan, played by Phil Howe, is the father of Elliot Bevan who arrived in Hollyoaks in August 2009. Gareth was mentioned in 2008 when Elliot planned to meet the man who had walked out on himself and his mother when he was young. It was announced that Elliot would be shocked when his father turns up and causes problems for him and girlfriend, Leila Roy. He also revealed that Elliot has a half-brother called Maynard.
Gareth first appeared on 10 August 2009. Leila contacted him, however Kris Fisher told her it was a bad idea. Leila then came up with a plan to get rid of Elliot before Gareth's arrival. Elliot answered the door to Gareth, who he assumed was delivering a picture to Leila. When Gareth and Elliot approached Leila, Elliot unwrapped a picture of him as a child and his mother, Elliot then discovered Gareth's true identity. Gareth told Elliot he had a 14-year-old brother named Maynard as they bonded. Leila discovered that Maynard was actually the same age as Elliot. Elliot's mother Bonnie arrived to confront Gareth on 14 August as revealed he had had an affair with a woman, who then produced Maynard.
DS Murtaugh.
Detective Superintendent Murtaugh, played by Ray MacAllan, is a local police officer who first appeared in August 2009 when he arrested Daniel Raven on suspicion of kidnap, Daniel was later released. He later reappeared in September, where he questioned Ash Roy over the assault of Ravi Roy, which left him in a coma. He made another appearance in October, when he arrested and interviewed Jake Dean for breaking conditions of his bail by interacting with his son Charlie Dean.
Des Townsend.
Des Townsend, played by Kris Deedigan, first appeared on 31 August 2009 as a love interest for Jacqui McQueen. 
He first appears in Hollyoaks village as a man who Ravi Roy spills coffee over. Des flirts with Loretta Jones after Jacqui McQueen throws his clothes out of Tan & Tumble. He later leaves his number for Jacqui, who agrees to go on a date with him. However, Jacqui has to leave early after being told of a sighting of Russ Owen and Max McQueen. Des begins his job as the head of sixth form at Hollyoaks High School. Carmel McQueen pretends to be her cousin Theresa, who had dropped out of school. Carmel believes Des has called the police on her after he discovers the truth, however he offers her the job as cheerleader coach. Des is teaching Anita Roy and Theresa when Anita begins to rebel as a result of discovering that she was adopted. Anita trashes the classroom as Theresa watches. Anita reveals how her father Govinda Roy, who was also the headteacher, covered up for her for stealing exam papers, ultimately destroying his career. Des has no choice but to report the situation to the governors, whilst Gov resigns. Des confiscates a pornographic magazine from Ricky Campbell and Duncan Button, when he finds pictures of Jacqui that were taken whilst she was drunk. Jacqui is horrified over the situation. However, Des tells her he does not care. Des and Jacqui begin to grow closer, and he helps her get a job as a dinner lady at the school. Jacqui is caught taking food from the canteen by Gaz Bennett and when Des finds out, he ends up getting her fired. Despite this, Jacqui and Des stay together.
Des shows his racist side as he begins to send death threats to Calvin Valentine. He befriends Zak Ramsey and tries to get him involved in his racist attacks. Des's hostility towards minorities increases when his older sister Rose, who raised him, visits and learns he wants to marry a woman who had a black half-sister. A disgusted Rose encourages him to believe Jacqui is attracted to Ravi Roy, and an insecure Des challenges to a boxing match outside Relish, and increasingly provokes him, leading Ravi to hit him in the face. Des continues his racism issues and sprays graffiti all over Ravi's restaurant in which his sister Anita accuses Gaz. Des sees Anita and Gaz arguing over the graffiti. Des advises Gaz to confront Anita as long as its not on school grounds. Gaz is astonished of what he is being told but he does confront Anita anyway. Rose belittles Des for involving reckless people and warns him to take direction action or she will disown him. Meanwhile, Des tries to keep Zak, who now regrets his racist attitudes, on his side, telling him of revenge plans. Des tells Zak he will make trouble for Zak and his fiancée Michaela if Zak goes to the police, but Zak does anyway, warning them about Anita being in danger. The police arrest Gaz for holding Anita hostage as Des sets off a smoke bomb in Relish, briefly trapping Ravi inside before he is freed by Zak and Michaela.
Zak admits to Michaela that it was Des who attacked Relish and was trying to get him involved in his activities. The pair create a plan to prove Des is racist. Zak manages to film a conversation with Des, where he comes out with racist remarks such as lower standards of living due to immigrants. This video is on Michaela's laptop and she and Zak show the video to Jacqui. Des and Rose squabble about Jacqui, he then proposes to Jacqui in The Dog on the Pond, with Myra, Zak and Michaela as witnesses. Jacqui does not reply, and Des debates that because she did not say no, she loves him. Des and Jacqui have a drink at The Dog, and Jacqui pretends she does not know about Des's racist activities. He is overcome by guilt, admitting he attacked Ravi due to the colour of his skin. Jacqui asks him why he did it. Des tells Jacqui that his parents had died when he was young in a car accident, involving a Pakistani person. Jacqui tells him the accident could have still happened if it was a white person and that Tina was killed by a white person. Des claims Rose had made him believe racist things and that he hopes Jacqui could help him become a better person. Jacqui agrees to forgive Des, however when he proposes again, she slaps him. Des and Rose are told to leave as Jacqui refuses to return the engagement ring. Des and Rose exit The Dog in shame, but as soon as they do so, they are arrested by police, for attacking Relish.
Kathleen McQueen.
Kathleen McQueen, played by Alison Burrows, made her first appearance in "Hollyoaks" spin-off "Hollyoaks Later" in September 2009 as the mother of already-established character Theresa McQueen (Jorgie Porter). After her initial appearance, Burrows reprised the role of Kathleen on the main "Hollyoaks" show, before making her final appearance in February 2010. In October 2010, it was announced that Kathleen would be reintroduced in December 2010, in a storyline which features her blackmailing her family after discovering one of the McQueens' "darkest secrets".
D.I. Fletcher.
Detective Inspector Fletcher, played by Laura Fletcher, is a local detective inspector at Dee Valley Police Station. She first appeared during "Hollyoaks Later", where she investigated the death of Sarah Barnes in a skydiving accident. She questioned Lydia Hart and Zoe Carpenter, who she then arrested for Sarah's murder. She later reappeared in the main show when Zoe's brother Archie protested his sister's innocence and again in January 2010, after Lydia was revealed as Sarah's murderer.
Rae Wilson.
Rae Wilson, played by Alice Barlow, made her first appearance on 5 October 2009. She was introduced as a new love interest for established character Barry Newton (Nico Mirallegro). Her exit was being murdered by serial killer Silas Blissett (Jeff Rawle).

</doc>
<doc id="21513917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513917" title="Paguristes frontalis">
Paguristes frontalis

Paguristes frontalis is a hermit crab, in the family Diogenidae. "P. frontalis" is left-handed. Its left hand is either larger or equal in size with the right. "Paguristes frontalis" lives in the waters of South Australia to Western Australia. They can go in water as shallow as 8 metres. The estimated length of "P. frontalis" is 8 centimetres. "P. frontalis" can have the ability to carry a shell 15 cm long. "Paguristes frontalis" commonly preys on dead animals. At other times, "P. frontalis" may be able to catch other crabs and other living prey.

</doc>
<doc id="21513922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513922" title="1926 Louisville Colonels season">
1926 Louisville Colonels season

The 1926 Louisville Colonels season was their fourth and final season in the National Football League and only season as the Colonels. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 0–3, losing four games. They tied for twenty-first in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21513938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513938" title="Kinks-Size">
Kinks-Size

Kinks-Size is the second US-only album by the English band The Kinks, released in 1965. Differences in record company practice between the UK and US in the early 1960s, such as the US tending to issue shorter LPs, featuring less original material and the comparative unpopularity of EPs in the US all left US record companies with extra LPs worth of material (see also The Beatles and The Rolling Stones). In 1965, this meant, as well as versions of the two UK Kinks albums from that year, Reprise issued another two complete LPs - "Kinks-Size" and "Kinkdom".
This was the Kinks' most successful album of the 1960s in the US (discounting "Greatest Hits!"), reaching #13.
The album takes its name and all four tracks from the UK "Kinksize Session" EP, adding two tracks left off the US version of their debut LP ("I'm a Lover Not a Fighter" and the instrumental "Revenge") and their two recent hit singles ("All Day and All of the Night" and "Tired of Waiting for You") and respective B-sides ("I Gotta Move" and "Come On Now").
The tracks are currently available on the extended CD editions of "Kinks (album)" and "Kinda Kinks".
Track listing.
All songs by Ray Davies, except as noted

</doc>
<doc id="21513956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513956" title="Mackenziurus johnnyi">
Mackenziurus johnnyi

Mackenziurus johnnyi is a species of trilobite named after American musician Johnny Ramone. "M. joeyi", "M. deedeei", "M. ceejayi" were similarly named after members of the Ramones.

</doc>
<doc id="21513957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513957" title="Amy Stone">
Amy Stone

Amy Stone is a former American television personality.
Stone was born in Brunswick, Maine and raised in Michigan. She graduated from University of Michigan in 1989 with degrees in communications and film. Stone began her career as a producer at WDIV-TV in June 1989. In September 1990, she moved to WLUC-TV in Marquette, Michigan for her first on-camera experience. 
In March 1991, Stone joined New England Sports Network (NESN), where she hosted SportsDesk and served as an on-site reporter for Boston Red Sox and Boston Bruins games. In 1994, Stone moved to Chicago where she hosted SportsChannel Report, White Sox On-Deck, Schoolyard Jam, and the Chicago Auto Show for SportsChannel Chicago and CLTV. During 1997–2000 Stone worked as a sports reporter at WMAQ-TV in Chicago.
In May 2000, Stone joined WCBS-TV in New York City as a lifestyles reporter. Stone left WCBS in May 2005 after the birth of her second child.

</doc>
<doc id="21513962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513962" title="Jack (Italian magazine)">
Jack (Italian magazine)

Jack is a popular Italian-language technology magazine which has been published in Italy since October 2000 by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore in a joint venture with the German publisher Gruner + Jahr. It is the most popular technology magazine in Italy.
See also.
List of magazines published in Italy

</doc>
<doc id="21513963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513963" title="Mackenziurus joeyi">
Mackenziurus joeyi

Mackenziurus joeyi is a species of trilobite named after American musician Joey Ramone. "M. johnnyi", "M. deedeei", "M. ceejayi" were similarly named after members of the Ramones.

</doc>
<doc id="21513972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513972" title="Mackenziurus deedeei">
Mackenziurus deedeei

Mackenziurus deedeei is a species of trilobite named after American musician Dee Dee Ramone. "M. johnnyi", "M. joeyi", "M. ceejayi" were similarly named after members of the Ramones.

</doc>
<doc id="21513978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513978" title="Pelli Pustakam">
Pelli Pustakam

Pelli Pustakam (English Translation: "Book of Marriage") is a 1991 Telugu comedy|drama film produced by Mullapudi Venkata Ramana and starring Rajendra Prasad, Divyavani. It was directed by Bapu and music was scored by K. V. Mahadevan.
Plot.
Newly married couple K. Krishnamurthy (Rajendra Prasad) works as an art director in Mumbai and his wife Satyabhama (Divyavani) as a stenographer in Kerala for a low salary. To solve their financial problems they seek a job in a big company and pretend to be unmarried as their boss (Gummadi) would give job only to one member in a family. This has slight resemblance to the 1955 classic movie Missamma where couples pretend to be married but here it's the other way around.
Music.
The film has six songs composed by K. V. Mahadevan. The lyricist is Arudra.

</doc>
<doc id="21513987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513987" title="Mackenziurus ceejayi">
Mackenziurus ceejayi

Mackenziurus ceejayi is a species of trilobite named after American musician C. J. Ramone. "M. johnnyi", "M. joeyi", "M. deedeei" were similarly named after members of the Ramones.

</doc>
<doc id="21513992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513992" title="Pedro Moncayo">
Pedro Moncayo

Pedro Moncayo y Esparza (29 June 1807 in Ibarra, Ecuador — February 1888 in Valparaíso, Chile) was an Ecuadorian journalist and politician. He was the son of an Ecuadorian mother and Colombian father. He was politically active during the period of Caudillismo of Ecuador, being an opponent of the caudillos, writing for the weekly newspaper "El Quiteño Libre". He later became diplomatically active and was ambassador to Peru, France and the United Kingdom. He lived the remainder of his live in Chile, dying in Valparaíso.
Pedro Moncayo Canton in Pichincha Province is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="21513997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513997" title="Odd Fellows Hall (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Odd Fellows Hall (Baltimore, Maryland)

The Odd Fellows Hall in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, is a historic building that was the meeting place of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows fraternal organization, and is now an apartment building. It was built about 1883 and is a five bay structure featuring a central arched entrance with brownstone Romanesque columns and architraves. In the late 1970s, an adaptive reuse project retained most of its exterior architectural character while providing modern office space in the renovated interior.
Odd Fellows Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21513999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21513999" title="Salvia namaensis">
Salvia namaensis

Salvia namaensis is an evergreen perennial shrub native to a limited area in Namibia and a wide area of South Africa. It is typically found growing on rocky slopes, shales, limestone hills, and sandy soils at 1,000 to 5,000 feet elevation. The specific epithet "namaensis" probably refers to the Nama tribe which is indigenous to Namaqualand, the region in Namibia where the plant grows.
"Salvia namaensis" is a slightly woody shrub that reaches 3 feet tall and wide. The small leaves (.75 inch) are irregular and pinnatifid, giving the plant an airy appearance. The leaves are yellow-green, along with the new stems and calyx. The short inflorescences, about 4 inches long, have 2 to 6 flowers growing in each whorl. Flowering is typically light, with white or very pale blue corollas that are about .6 inches long. There are reportedly some that have mauve flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21514006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514006" title="Trevor Colman">
Trevor Colman

Bernard Trevor Colman (born 27 August 1941 in St Breward, Cornwall) was a Member of the European Parliament for South West England. He represented the 2nd seat in the constituency, for the UK Independence Party.
He had a grammar school education at Sir James Smith's School, Camelford and Tavistock Grammar School. Since leaving school, he has had a varied career, working in a farm suppliers company, in a magistrate's clerk's office, as a Police Superintendent (1962–1995) and as a script adviser (1994–1998) to the television detective series Wycliffe.
Mr Colman served on the UKIP National Executive Committee between 2004 and 2005.
He presented a programme called "European Union: Shock Waves" for Life TV in 2004. Life TV's owners were fined £12,000 by regulators Ofcom because of a lack of impartiality and failure to present alternative viewpoints.
Mr Colman was listed third on UKIP's list in the South West region in the European Parliament elections in 2004. UKIP took 22.6% of the vote in the region and their top two candidates, Graham Booth and Roger Knapman were elected to the European Parliament. On 1 October 2008, Graham Booth retired and was therefore replaced in the Parliament by Trevor Colman as the next candidate on the list. For the 2009 election, Colman was the first candidate on the UKIP list.
He contested the 2005 general election for the constituency of Teignbridge and came fourth, with 6.4% of the vote.
In the European Parliament, Mr Colman sits on the Committee on International Trade and is a substitute for the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
In March 2011 Mr Colman left the Europe of Freedom and Democracy group which includes UKIP, allegedly due to an "unresolved dispute over financial and staffing issues." However Colman continued to represent UKIP as a Non-Inscrit.
Colman resigned at the 2014 European election.

</doc>
<doc id="21514014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514014" title="Goffraidh Ó Dónaill">
Goffraidh Ó Dónaill

Goffraidh Ó Dónaill was the Irish king of Tyrconnell and the first chieftain of mark in the O'Donnell Clan.
Early years.
Goffraidh was the son of Dónall Mór Ó Dónaill (died 1241).
Career.
He rapidly came to power, initially with the support of the Norman FitzGeralds.
In 1248, he was inaugurated as "The O'Donnell", meaning chief of the clan. He made a successful inroad into Tyrone against Brian Ó Néill in 1252. In 1257,he drove the English out of northern Connacht after the battle of Creadran-Cille killing Maurice FitzGerald in personal combat, but suffering severe injuries. Ó Dónaill, while still incapacitated by his wound, was summoned by Brian O'Neill to give hostages in token of submission. Carried on a litter at the head of his clan, he gave battle to O'Neill, whom he defeated with severe loss in prisoners and cattle. 
Ó Dónaill died of his wound immediately afterwards outside of where the town of Letterkenny is today, and was succeeded in the chieftainship by his brother Dónall Óg.

</doc>
<doc id="21514015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514015" title="Liberty Square (album)">
Liberty Square (album)

Liberty Square is the debut studio album by Brazilian alternative rock band Udora. It was released on November 5, 2005 through J Records. It is the only Udora album Sepultura drummer Jean Dolabella appears on. It garnered one single, "Pieces", receiving moderate radio plays in their native Brazil and a music video that was widely aired on MTV Brasil.

</doc>
<doc id="21514018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514018" title="Mount Cronin">
Mount Cronin

Mount Cronin is a mountain in the Babine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of Cronin Creek in Babine Mountains Provincial Park just northeast of Smithers. It has a prominence of , created by the Harold Price-Fulton Pass, making it one of Canada's Ultra peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="21514023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514023" title="Peter Parsons">
Peter Parsons

Peter Parsons (1951 - 1993) was a ceramic artist.
A large number of cartons, albums and a trunk containing diaries, personal notes, schematic sketches and prototypes of some of his finished pieces was found in 2008 which, for a non commercial artist is proving an invaluable insight into the thought processes of an artist representative of the sub culture that flourished in the fabled sixties and seventies.
Life and work.
Parsons was a prolific ceramic artist whose works spanned several decades up until the last year of his life.
Peter Parsons was born in Sydney, Australia. His paternal great-grandfather was of Chinese origin who came to work the gold fields during the nineteenth century.
His ceramic ideas reflect a fantasy world. In his youth he created a make-believe Atlantis city in the backyard of his family home. This city was built over a number of years and this extensive collection of buildings became the embryonic forms that later developed into his castle series. His artistic talent could be seen even in these early years.
In the early '70s Parsons studied pottery and sculpture in the Blue Mountains area and in Sydney. In 1972-73 he travelled to New Guinea and the impact and influence of this time can clearly be seen in his work. As a young teenager he travelled following the path of the old silk road to Europe by backpacking and hitchhiking. Later in 1974-76 he embarked upon a European study tour. While in Europe he was part of an exhibition of paintings and drawings in Helsinki. Upon returning to Sydney he tutored in hand built ceramics in Katoomba. For a number of years he took part in group shows in Springwood and the King Street Studios in Newtown. As well as being included in the much anticipated annual Inner City Clay Workers Teapot Show which is by invitation only.
In the mid to late 1980s he had a number of solo exhibitions in the King Street Gallery, Newtown and on Burton.
There is no definable style to categorise Parsons' works. His themes depended on where and what stage of his life he was at when the creative urge grabbed him.
For the most part his work is unpretentious, sculptural, non-functional and could be described as intricate, organic, playful and whimsical. It has certainly delighted and fascinated collectors. An artistic idea could last for a few weeks or develop into something so complex it would take years to exhaust.
Parsons, though prolific in his output, was not a commercial artist. He reluctantly accepted commissions. The rare exception were his castle series.
Exhibitions.
1992 Going Potty, a group exhibition. From the almost practical to the downright outrageous, the 1992 Sydney Teapot Show had something for everyone. Held at the Inner City Clay Workers Gallery in Glebe, the Sydney exhibition features the work of some of the country's leading ceramists, who exhibit by invitation only.
1990 Exhibition Featuring Tutors Work: Craft a Christmas Treat at the Roundhouse Gallery, University of NSW.
1986 Ceramics in Barococco Forms (The Bizarre & Obscene).
Date Unknown. Prehistoric Armour-Plated Fish Things.
Co-exhibitor Peter Parsons has orbs and orb like amphoras studded with discs or wearing ceramic mohawk hair adornemmts. Some could be skinhead bomabardiers, but actually are not so grossly vulgar except that they are vulgarly cheap. Some melanges of hybrid buildings of various epochs like the KAFKAESQUE MEDIAEVAL CASTLE ($150), are clever bits of fun mixed with scariness. "Elwyn Lynn Review 'The Weekend Australian' February 16–17, 1991"

</doc>
<doc id="21514028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514028" title="Irony">
Irony

Irony (), in its broadest sense, is a rhetorical device, literary technique, or event characterized by an incongruity, or contrast, between what the expectations of a situation are and what is really the case, with a third element, that defines that what is really the case is ironic because of the situation that led to it. Irony may be divided into categories such as: verbal, dramatic, and situational.
Verbal, dramatic, and situational irony are often used for emphasis in the assertion of a truth. The ironic form of simile, used in sarcasm, and some forms of litotes can emphasize one's meaning by the deliberate use of language which states the opposite of the truth, denies the contrary of the truth, or drastically and obviously understates a factual connection.
Other forms, as identified by historian Connop Thirlwall, include dialectic and practical irony.
Definitions.
Henry Watson Fowler, in "The King's English", says "any definition of irony—though hundreds might be given, and very few of them would be accepted—must include this, that the surface meaning and the underlying meaning of what is said are not the same." Also, Eric Partridge, in "Usage and Abusage", writes that "Irony consists in stating the contrary of what is meant."
The use of irony may require the concept of a "double audience". Fowler's "A Dictionary of Modern English Usage" says:
Irony is a form of utterance that postulates a double audience, consisting of one party that hearing shall hear & shall not understand, & another party that, when more is meant than meets the ear, is aware both of that more & of the outsiders' incomprehension.
The term is sometimes used as a synonym for "incongruous" and applied to "every trivial oddity" in situations where there is no double audience. An example of such usage is:
Sullivan, whose real interest was, ironically, serious music, which he composed with varying degrees of success, achieved fame for his comic opera scores rather than for his more earnest efforts.
The "American Heritage Dictionary" secondary meaning for "irony": "incongruity between what might be expected and what actually occurs". This sense, however, is not synonymous with "incongruous" but merely a definition of dramatic or situational irony. It is often included in definitions of irony "not only" that incongruity is present "but also" that the incongruity must reveal some aspect of human vanity or folly. Thus the majority of "American Heritage Dictionary'"s usage panel found it unacceptable to use the word "ironic" to describe mere unfortunate coincidences or surprising disappointments that "suggest no particular lessons about human vanity or folly."
On this aspect, the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) has also: A condition of affairs or events of a character opposite to what was, or might naturally be, expected; a contradictory outcome of events as if in mockery of the promise and fitness of things. (In French "ironie du sort".)
Origin of the term.
According to the "Encyclopædia Britannica",
The term irony has its roots in the Greek comic character Eiron, a clever underdog who by his wit repeatedly triumphs over the boastful character Alazon. The Socratic irony of the Platonic dialogues derives from this comic origin.
According to Richard Whately:
Aristotle mentions "Eironeia", which in his time was commonly employed to signify, not according to the modern use of 'Irony, saying the contrary to what is meant', but, what later writers usually express by Litotes, i.e. 'saying less than is meant'.
The word came into English as a figure of speech in the 16th century as similar to the French "ironie". It derives from the Latin "ironia" and ultimately from the Greek "εἰρωνεία" eirōneía, meaning "dissimulation, ignorance purposely affected".
Types of irony.
"The New Princeton Encyclopedia of Poetry and Poetics" distinguishes between the following types of irony:
Lars Elleström would add:
Verbal irony.
According to "A glossary of literary terms" by Abrams and Hartman,Verbal irony is a statement in which the meaning that a speaker employs is sharply different from the meaning that is ostensibly expressed. The ironic statement usually involves the explicit expression of one attitude or evaluation, but with indications in the overall speech-situation that the speaker intends a very different, and often opposite, attitude or evaluation.
Verbal irony is distinguished from situational irony and dramatic irony in that it is produced "intentionally" by speakers. For instance, if a man exclaims, "I'm not upset!" but reveals an upset emotional state through his voice while truly trying to claim he's not upset, it would not be verbal irony by virtue of its verbal manifestation (it would, however, be situational irony). But if the same speaker said the same words and intended to communicate that he was upset by claiming he was not, the utterance would be verbal irony. This distinction illustrates an important aspect of verbal irony—speakers communicate implied propositions that are intentionally contradictory to the propositions contained in the words themselves. There are, however, examples of verbal irony that do not rely on saying the opposite of what one means, and there are cases where all the traditional criteria of irony exist and the utterance is not ironic.
In a clear example from literature, in Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar", Mark Antony's speech after the assassination of Caesar appears to praise the assassins, particularly Brutus ("But Brutus says he was ambitious; / And Brutus is an honourable man"), while actually condemning them. "We're left in no doubt as to who's ambitious and who's honourable. The literal truth of what's written clashes with the perceived truth of what's meant to revealing effect, which is irony in a nutshell".
Ironic similes are a form of verbal irony where a speaker intends to communicate the opposite of what they mean. For instance, the following explicit similes begin with the deceptive formation of a statement that means "A" but that eventually conveys the meaning "not A":
The irony is recognizable in each case only by using knowledge of the source concepts (e.g., that mud is opaque, that root canal surgery is painful) to detect an incongruity.
In "", this formulation is broken down by the construction of an ironic simile followed by a reversion of the meaning so the statement once again means "A".
Verbal irony and sarcasm.
A fair amount of confusion has surrounded the issue regarding the relationship between verbal irony and sarcasm.
Fowler's "A Dictionary of Modern English Usage" states: Sarcasm does not necessarily involve irony and irony has often no touch of sarcasm. This suggests that the two concepts are linked but may be considered separately. The OED entry for sarcasm does not mention irony, but the irony entry reads: 
A figure of speech in which the intended meaning is the opposite of that expressed by the words used; usually taking the form of sarcasm or ridicule in which laudatory expressions are used to imply condemnation or contempt. 
The Encyclopædia Britannica has "Non-literary irony is often called sarcasm"; while the Webster's Dictionary entry is: 
Sarcasm: 1 : a sharp and often satirical or ironic utterance designed to cut or give pain. 2 a : a mode of satirical wit depending for its effect on bitter, caustic, and often ironic language that is usually directed against an individual.
Partridge in Usage and Abusage would separate the two forms of speech completely: 
Irony must not be confused with sarcasm, which is direct: sarcasm means precisely what it says, but in a sharp, caustic, ... manner. 
The psychologist Martin, in "The psychology of humour", is quite clear that irony is where "the literal meaning is opposite to the intended"; and sarcasm is "aggressive humor that pokes fun". He has the following examples: For irony he uses the statement "What a nice day" when it is raining. For sarcasm, he cites Winston Churchill, who is supposed to have said, when told by Bessie Braddock that he was drunk, "But I shall be sober in the morning, and you will still be ugly", as being sarcastic, while not saying the opposite of what is intended.
Psychology researchers Lee and Katz (1998) have addressed the issue directly. They found that ridicule is an important aspect of sarcasm, but not of verbal irony in general. By this account, sarcasm is a particular kind of personal criticism leveled against a person or group of persons that incorporates verbal irony. For example, a woman reports to her friend that rather than going to a medical doctor to treat her cancer, she has decided to see a spiritual healer instead. In response her friend says sarcastically, "Oh, brilliant, what an ingenious idea, that's really going to cure you." The friend could have also replied with any number of ironic expressions that should not be labeled as sarcasm exactly, but still have many shared elements with sarcasm.
Most instances of verbal irony are labeled by research subjects as sarcastic, suggesting that the term "sarcasm" is more widely used than its technical definition suggests it should be (Bryant & Fox Tree, 2002; Gibbs, 2000). Some psycholinguistic theorists (e.g., Gibbs, 2000) suggest that sarcasm ("Great idea!", "I hear they do fine work."), hyperbole ("That's the best idea I have heard in years!"), understatement ("Sure, what the hell, it's only cancer..."), rhetorical questions ("What, does your spirit have cancer?"), double entendre ("I'll bet if you do that, you'll be communing with spirits in no time...") and jocularity ("Get them to fix your bad back while you're at it.") should all be considered forms of verbal irony. The differences between these rhetorical devices (tropes) can be quite subtle and relate to typical emotional reactions of listeners, and the rhetorical goals of the speakers. Regardless of the various ways theorists categorize figurative language types, people in conversation who are attempting to interpret speaker intentions and discourse goals do not generally identify, by name, the kinds of tropes used (Leggitt & Gibbs, 2000).
Dramatic irony.
This type of irony is the device of giving the spectator an item of information that at least one of the characters in the narrative is unaware of (at least consciously), thus placing the spectator a step ahead of at least one of the characters. The OED has:the incongruity created when the (tragic) significance of a character's speech or actions is revealed to the audience but unknown to the character concerned; the literary device so used, orig. in Greek tragedy. 
According to Stanton, dramatic irony has three stages—installation, exploitation, and resolution (often also called preparation, suspension, and resolution)
—producing dramatic conflict in what one character relies or appears to rely upon, the "contrary" of which is known by observers (especially the audience; sometimes to other characters within the drama) to be true. In summary, it means that the reader/watcher/listener knows something that one or more of the characters in the piece is not aware of.
For example:
Tragic irony.
Tragic irony is a special category of dramatic irony. In tragic irony, the words and actions of the characters contradict the real situation, which the spectators fully realize. The Oxford English Dictionary has:the incongruity created when the (tragic) significance of a character's speech or actions is revealed to the audience but unknown to the character concerned, the literary device so used, orig. in Greek tragedy. 
Ancient Greek drama was especially characterized by tragic irony because the audiences were so familiar with the legends that most of the plays dramatized. Sophocles' "Oedipus the King" provides a classic example of tragic irony at its fullest. Colebrook writes:Tragic irony is exemplified in ancient drama ... The audience watched a drama unfold, already knowing its destined outcome. ... In Sophocles' "Oedipus the King", for example, 'we' (the audience) can see what Oedipus is blind to. The man he murders is his father, but he does not know it. Further, Oedipus vows to find the murderer and curses him for the plague that he has caused, not knowing that the murderer he has cursed and vowed to find is himself.
Irony has some of its foundation in the onlooker's perception of paradox that arises from insoluble problems. For example, in the William Shakespeare play "Romeo and Juliet", when Romeo finds Juliet in a drugged deathlike sleep, he assumes her to be dead and kills himself. Upon awakening to find her dead lover beside her, Juliet stabs herself with a dagger thus killing herself.
Situational irony.
This is a relatively modern use of the term, and describes a sharp discrepancy between the expected result and actual results in a certain situation.
Lars Elleström writes:"Situational irony", ... is most broadly defined as a situation where the outcome is incongruous with what was expected, but it is also more generally understood as a situation that includes contradictions or sharp contrasts, 
For example:
Cosmic irony (Irony of fate).
The expression cosmic irony or "irony of fate" stems from the notion that the gods (or the Fates) are amusing themselves by toying with the minds of mortals with deliberate ironic intent. Closely connected with situational irony, it arises from sharp contrasts between reality and human ideals, or between human intentions and actual results. The resulting situation is poignantly contrary to what was expected or intended.
According to Sudhir Dixit, "Cosmic irony is a term that is usually associated with Hardy. ... There is a strong feeling of a hostile deus ex machina in Hardy's novels." In Tess of the Durbervilles "there are several instances of this type of irony."
"Justice" was done, and the President of the Immortals (in Æschylean phrase) had ended his sport with Tess.
Historical irony.
When history is seen through modern eyes, there often appear sharp contrasts between the way historical figures see their world's future and what actually transpires. For example, during the 1920s "The New York Times" repeatedly scorned crossword puzzles. In 1924, it lamented "the sinful waste in the utterly futile finding of words the letters of which will fit into a prearranged pattern." In 1925 it said "the question of whether the puzzles are beneficial or harmful is in no urgent need of an answer. The craze evidently is dying out fast." Today, no U.S. newspaper is more closely identified with the crossword than "The New York Times."
In a more tragic example of historical irony, what people now refer to as "The First World War" was called by H.G. Wells "The war that will end war", which soon became "The war to end war" and "The War to End All Wars", and this became a widespread truism, almost a cliché. Historical irony is therefore a subset of cosmic irony, but one in which the element of time is bound to play a role. Another example could be that of the Vietnam War, where in the 1960s the U.S. attempted to stop the Viet Cong (Viet Minh) taking over South Vietnam. However, it is an often ignored fact that, in 1941, the U.S. originally supported the Viet Minh in its fight against Japanese occupation.
In the introduction to "The Irony of American History", Andrew Bacevich writes:
After 9/11, the Bush administration announced its intention of bringing freedom and democracy to the people of the Middle East. Ideologues within the Bush administration persuaded themselves that American power, adroitly employed, could transform that region ... The results speak for themselves.
Gunpowder was, according to prevailing academic consensus, discovered in the 9th century by Chinese alchemists searching for an elixir of immortality.
Historical irony also includes inventors killed by their own creations, such as William Bullock—unless, due to the nature of the invention, the risk of death was always known and accepted, as in the case of Otto Lilienthal, who was killed by flying a glider of his own devising.
In certain kinds of situational or historical irony, a factual truth is highlighted by some person's complete ignorance of it or his belief in its opposite. However, this state of affairs does not occur by human design. In some religious contexts, such situations have been seen as the deliberate work of Divine Providence to emphasize truths and to taunt humans for not being aware of them when they could easily have been enlightened (this is similar to human use of irony). Such ironies are often more evident, or more striking, when viewed retrospectively in the light of later developments which make the truth of past situations obvious to all.
Other prominent examples of outcomes now seen as poignantly contrary to expectation include:
Irony in use.
Comic irony.
Irony is often used in literature to produce a comic effect. This may also be combined with satire. For instance, an author may facetiously state something as a well-known fact and then demonstrate through the narrative that the fact is untrue.
Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" begins with the proposition "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife." In fact, it soon becomes clear that Austen means the opposite: women (or their mothers) are always in search of, and desperately on the lookout for, a rich single man to make a husband. The irony deepens as the story promotes this romance and ends in a double marriage proposal. "Austen's comic irony emerges out of the disjunction between Elizabeth's overconfidence (or pride) in her perceptions of Darcy and the narrator's indications that her views are in fact partial and prejudicial."
""The Third Man" is a film that features any number of eccentricities, each of which contributes to the film's perspective of comic irony as well as its overall cinematic self-consciousness."
Writing about performances of Shakespeare's "Othello" in apartheid South Africa, Robert Gordon suggests: "Could it be that black people in the audience ... may have viewed as a comic irony his audacity and naïvety in thinking he could pass for white."
Romantic irony and metafiction.
Romantic irony is "an attitude of detached scepticism adopted by an author towards his or her work, typically manifesting in literary self-consciousness and self-reflection". This conception of irony originated with the German Romantic writer and critic Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel.
Joseph Dane writes "From a twentieth-century perspective, the most crucial area in the history of irony is that described by the term romantic irony." He discusses the difficulty of defining romantic irony: "But what is romantic irony? A universal type of irony? The irony used by romantics? or an irony envisioned by the romantics and romanticists?" He also describes the arguments for and against its use.
Referring to earlier self-conscious works such as Don Quixote and Tristram Shandy, Douglas Muecke points particularly to Peter Weiss's 1964 play, "Marat/Sade". This work is a play within a play set in a lunatic asylum, in which it is difficult to tell whether the players are speaking only to other players or also directly to the audience. When The Herald says, "The regrettable incident you've just seen was unavoidable indeed foreseen by our playwright", there is confusion as to who is being addressed, the "audience" on the stage or the audience in the theatre. Also, since the play within the play is performed by the inmates of a lunatic asylum, the theatre audience cannot tell whether the paranoia displayed before them is that of the players, or the people they are portraying. Muecke notes that, "in America, Romantic irony has had a bad press", while "in England ... is almost unknown."
However, in a book entitled "English Romantic Irony", Anne Mellor, referring to Byron, Keats, Carlyle, Coleridge and Lewis Carroll, writes, "Romantic irony is both a philosophical conception of the universe and an artistic program. Ontologically, it sees the world as fundamentally chaotic. No order, no far goal of time, ordained by God or right reason,
determines the progression of human or natural events." Furthermore, 
Of course, romantic irony itself has more than one mode. The style of romantic irony varies from writer to writer. ... But however distinctive the voice, a writer is a romantic ironist if and when his or her work commits itself enthusiastically both in content and form to a hovering or unresolved debate between a world of merely man-made being and a world of ontological becoming.
Similarly, metafiction is "Fiction in which the author self-consciously alludes to the artificiality or literariness of a work by parodying or departing from novelistic conventions (esp. naturalism) and narrative techniques." It is a type of fiction that self-consciously addresses the devices of fiction, thereby exposing the fictional illusion.
Gesa Giesing writes that "the most common form of metafiction is particularly frequent in Romantic literature. The phenomenon is then referred to as Romantic Irony." Giesing notes that "There has obviously been an increased interest in metafiction again after World War II."
For examples, Patricia Waugh quotes from several works at the top of her chapter headed "What is metafiction?". These include:
"The thing is this./ That of all the several ways of beginning a book ... I am confident my own way of doing it is best" - "Tristram Shandy"
"Fuck all this lying look what I am trying to write about is writing" - "Albert Angelo"
"Since I've started this story, I've gotten boils ..." - "The death of the novel and other stories" by Ronald Sukenick
Additionally, "The Cambridge Introduction to Postmodern Fiction" refers to John Fowles's "The French Lieutenant's Woman":
For the first twelve chapters ... the reader has been able to immerse him or herself in the story, enjoying the kind of 'suspension of disbelief ' required of realist novels ... what follows is a remarkable act of metafictional 'frame-breaking'. Chapter 13 notoriously begins:
I do not know. This story I am telling is all imagination. These characters I create never existed outside my own mind. ... if this is a novel, it cannot be a novel in the modern sense.
Socratic irony.
This is "The dissimulation of ignorance practised by Socrates as a means of confuting an adversary". Socrates would pretend to be ignorant of the topic under discussion, to draw out the inherent nonsense in the arguments of his interlocutors. "The Chambers Dictionary" defines it as "a means by which a questioner pretends to know less than a respondent, when actually he knows more".
Zoe Williams of "The Guardian" wrote: "The technique Socratic irony, demonstrated in the Platonic dialogues, was to pretend ignorance and, more sneakily, to feign credence in your opponent's power of thought, in order to tie him in knots."
A more modern example of Socratic irony can be seen on the American crime fiction television film series, "Columbo". The character Lt. Columbo is seemingly naïve and incompetent. His untidy appearance adds to this fumbling illusion. As a result, he is underestimated by the suspects in murder cases he is investigating. With their guard down and their false sense of confidence, Lt. Columbo is able to solve the cases leaving the murderers feeling duped and outwitted.
Irony as infinite, absolute negativity.
Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard, and others, see irony, such as that used by Socrates, as a disruptive force with the power to undo texts and readers alike. The phrase itself is taken from Hegel's "Lectures on Aesthetics", and is applied by Kierkegaard to the irony of Socrates. This tradition includes 19th-century German critic and novelist Friedrich Schlegel ("On Incomprehensibility"), Charles Baudelaire, Stendhal, and the 20th century deconstructionist Paul de Man ("The Concept of Irony"). In Kierkegaard's words, from On the Concept of Irony with Continual Reference to Socrates:
irony [is the infinite absolute negativity. It is negativity, because it only negates; it is infinite, because it does not negate this or that phenomenon; it is absolute, because that by virtue of which it negates is a higher something that still is not. The irony established nothing, because that which is to be established lies behind it...
Where much of philosophy attempts to reconcile opposites into a larger positive project, Kierkegaard and others insist that irony—whether expressed in complex games of authorship or simple litotes—must, in Kierkegaard's words, "swallow its own stomach". Irony entails endless reflection and violent reversals, and ensures incomprehensibility at the moment it compels speech. Similarly, among other literary critics, writer David Foster Wallace viewed the pervasiveness of ironic and other postmodern tropes as the cause of "great despair and stasis in U.S. culture, and that for aspiring fictionists pose terrifically vexing problems."
Irony and Awkwardness.
The 90's saw an expansion of the definition of irony from "saying what one doesn't mean" into a "general stance of detachment from life in general" This detachment served as a shield against the awkwardness of everyday life. Humor from that era (most notably Seinfeld) relies on the audience watching the show with some detachment from the show's typical signature awkward situations.
The generation of people in the United States who grew up in the 90's (Millennials) are seen as having this same sort of detachment from serious or awkward situations in life as well. Hipsters are thought of as using irony as a shield against those same serious or genuine confrontations.
Irony misused.
The words "irony" and "ironic" are often misused.
Dan Shaughnessy wrote:
We were always kidding about the use of irony. I maintained that it was best never to use the word because it was too often substituted for coincidence. (Alanis Morissette's song "Isn't it Ironic?" cites multiple examples of things that are patently not ironic)
Tim Conley cites the following:
"Philip Howard assembled a list of seven implied meanings for the word "ironically", as it opens a sentence:
Punctuation.
No written method for indicating irony exists, though an irony punctuation mark has been proposed. In the 1580s, Henry Denham introduced a rhetorical question mark or percontation point which resembles a reversed question mark. This mark was also proposed by the French poet Marcel Bernhardt at the end of the 19th century to indicate irony or sarcasm.

</doc>
<doc id="21514029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514029" title="Bjorn Englen">
Bjorn Englen

Bjorn Englen (born Björn Erik Englén in Växjö, Sweden) is the bass player for Soul Sign, Dio Disciples and Tony MacAlpine. Bjorn has also played bass for Yngwie Malmsteen, MSG/Survivor vocalist Robin McAuley, Scorpions guitar legend Uli Jon Roth and Quiet Riot.
Biography.
Bjorn Englen started his musical career in Sweden in 1984 and relocated to Los Angeles, CA in 1993. In 1994 Englen was hired to play bass for heavy metal group Quiet Riot. He did pre-production work and promotion for the album "Down to the Bone" as well as 22 shows in a 1995 tour supporting the album.
Soul Sign.
Shortly thereafter Englen formed his own group Soul Sign. Soul Sign did special promotional tours and shows of Europe and the US in 2010 and 2011 for the forthcoming album "Life In The Dark", which was released worldwide in the fall of 2011. The band's current line-up also features Malmsteen/Roth vocalist Mark Boals. The band toured in Scandinavia in May 2013.
Bjorn toured the U.S. in 1996 as the hired bassist for Wrestless Natives. He has recorded/composed music and toured as a member of Heaven & Earth with members of Foreigner, Heart, Dio and Sweet (1999—2000), Bleed (2004—2006) and Takara (2002—2008).
In 2004 to 2006 he performed throughout the US with MSG/Survivor vocalist Robin McAuley, and in 2010-2013 with Scorpions guitar legend Uli Jon Roth.
Yngwie Malmsteen.
From 2007 to 2012 Englen played bass for Yngwie Malmsteen's Rising Force. They toured and performed in Europe and the U.S. in 2007 & 2008. A sold out tour of Japan was completed in April 2009., and a tour of Russia and Israel in April 2010. Another US Tour supporting the album "Relentless" was done in October and November 2011. Bjorn decided to leave Yngwie's band in 2012 due to unfortunate scheduling conflicts.
Tony MacAlpine.
Since July 2011, Bjorn has played for guitar/keyboard virtuoso Tony MacAlpine (Steve Vai, Planet X). Several shows were done in the US and a 27 shows in 17 countries European Tour started on Feb 21st, 2012 in Manchester, UK and ended on Mar 23rd in Moscow, RU.
DIO Disciples.
Since October 2012 Bjorn is a member of the Official DIO band Dio Disciples featuring Craig Goldy (Dio, Guiffria) - guitar, Simon Wright (Dio, AC/DC, UFO) - drums and Scott Warren (Dio, Heaven & Hell) - keyboards of Dio's band with Tim "Ripper" Owens (Judas Priest) and Oni Logan (Lynch Mob) on vocals. In Oct/Nov 2012 the band did a 24 date US Tour in support of Dio's latest release "The Beast of Dio Vol. 2". In March 2013 DIO Disciples head-lined at the Monsters of Rock cruise in the Caribbean Sea as well as finished a Brazil/Mexico/Texas Tour in June 2013 partially together with Nazareth. The band performed in the US & Canada in July, September and October of 2013.
Bjorn has also taught bass and ensemble at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood from 1996 to 1997 and through clinics and master classes worldwide since 1994, including Los Angeles Music Academy (L.A.M.A.). and Carvin Guitars.
He has played over 1500 live shows and on over 30 albums. He has also recorded/performed with members of Foreigner, Deep Purple, Kiss, David Lee Roth, Dio, Ozzy, Elton John, Rainbow, Journey, Korn, Dream Theater, Whitesnake, Night Ranger, Heart, Judas Priest, Guns N' Roses, John Norum, Sweet, Jeff Scott Soto, The Beach Boys, Blue Murder, Steve Vai, George Lynch, Vixen, Berlin, Buddy Guy, Chaka Kahn, Paul Rodgers, Saga etc.
Press.
Bjorn Englen was featured in a two-page article of Bassiste Magazine in March/April 2010, a cover featured article in Basista Magazine in April 2012, a 3 page article in Soundquest Magazine in June 2012, interview in Rock N Roll Industries Magazine in July 2013, as well as full-page and back cover ads in "Bass Player" magazine in 2010-2012 promoting the Carvin SB5000 bass and Spectraflex cables, as well as full page ads in various magazines promoting EBS amps & pedals.
Gear.
He endorses Carvin basses (mainly custom built SB4000 & SB5000 and Icon 4 fretless), wireless systems & accessories, EBS amp systems & pedals (featuring the Fafner II amp, NEO-line cabinets, MultiComp/MultiDrive Pedals), Mari Strings, Spectraflex cables, Hipshot Bass Xtenders & hardware, Pick Guy custom guitar picks and Gator pedal cases.

</doc>
<doc id="21514035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514035" title="Aditya Kalyanpur">
Aditya Kalyanpur

Aditya Kalyanpur (born 21 July 1978) is an Indian Tabla player. He belongs to the Punjab gharana.
Early life and background.
Aditya Kalyanpur was born in Mumbai, India.
He began his studies at the age of five under the guidance of Tabla Maestro late Alla Rakha Khan and his son Zakir Hussain.
He is a commerce graduate.
Performing career.
Aditya Kalyanpur was initially known for his debut performance with his guru Zakir Hussain for the Wah Taj! commercial when he was 11 years old.
His style consists of bold and clear execution of syllables, pinpoint precision in rhythm coupled with a colossal repertoire of compositions and improvisational technique.
He has accompanied artists including Shivkumar Sharma, Amjad Ali Khan, Prabha Atre, N. Rajam, Sultan Khan, Shahid Parvez, Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, Satish Vyas, Shujaat Khan, and Nayan Ghosh. He has also accompanied Carnatic performers including T. N. Krishnan, N. Ramani, U. Shrinivas, and Lalgudi Krishnan.
Currently on tour with AR Rahman for his JAI HO World Tour!

</doc>
<doc id="21514062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514062" title="Mildred Wolfe">
Mildred Wolfe

Mildred Nungester Wolfe (August 23, 1912 – February 11, 2009) was a United States artist based out of Jackson, Mississippi. 
Biography.
She was born on August 23, 1912 in Celina, Ohio. She grew up in Decatur, Alabama. Her father was a pharmacist. In 1932, she graduated from Alabama College in Montevallo. 
Career.
During the Great Depression, her art career was temporarily placed on hold, as she taught Latin and English in Alabama for a decade. She did make trips to study at the Chicago Art Institute and the Art Students League of New York. During a summer trip to the Kelly Fitzpatrick's Dixie Art Colony in 1937, she met her future husband, Karl Wolfe. They married in Colorado in 1944, where she was studying for a master of fine arts at Colorado College and he was working for the Air Force as a graphic artist at Lowry Field. 
After World War II, the Wolfes settled in Jackson, constructing Wolfe Studio and becoming regionalist artists interested in depicting Mississippi. Inspired by European Masters, Impressionists, and Post-Impressionists, she mostly painted landscapes in oil or watercolor. While Karl Wolfe was most known for his portraits, Mildred also painted several well-known portraits, including one of close friend Eudora Welty that is in the National Portrait Gallery. In addition to painting, both Wolfes worked with ceramics, sculpture, and stained glass. Mildred worked in her husband's shadow for many years, first at Wolfe Studios, then at Millsaps College, where both were members of the art department. When her husband retired in 1968, she lost from her teaching position. In 1978, while Karl was included in an exhibition of Mississippi art, she was not. 
After Karl's death in 1984, the art community of Mississippi began appreciating Mildred for her own art, not for being Karl's wife. The Mississippi Museum of Art mounted exhibitions of her work in 1994 and 2006. In addition, the University Press of Mississippi published a monograph of Mildred's work, showing examples of her paintings and public works.
Death.
She died of congestive heart failure at her Jackson home on February 11, 2009, aged 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21514067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514067" title="Perkins Square Gazebo">
Perkins Square Gazebo

Perkins Square Gazebo is a historic gazebo located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is an eight-sided, cast iron, open structure of eclectic Victorian design. It was constructed in 1871 and located in a triangular-shaped park in West Baltimore.
Perkins Square Gazebo was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21514079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514079" title="William Rider">
William Rider

William Rider (1723 – 30 November 1785) was an English historian, priest and writer. Whilst he wrote a number of works, his "New Universal Dictionary" suffered in comparison with that written by Samuel Johnson and his 50-volume work "A New History of England" was unsuccessful; it was later described as one of the vilest Grub Street compilations ever published. He was a chaplain and master at St Paul's School for many years, as well as being associated with the Mercers' Company and churches in the City of London.
Life.
Rider was baptized in the church of St Botolph-without-Bishopsgate in London on 14 May 1723. After studying at Mr Watkin's academy in Spital Square, Rider moved to the University of Oxford. He initially matriculated at St Mary Hall in 1739 before moving to Jesus College, holding a scholarship there from 1744 to 1749. He obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1745 and was ordained. He became chaplain of the Mercers' Company and of St Paul's School, lecturer of St Vedast Foster Lane and curate of St Faith's church, London. He was surmaster at St Paul's School from 1763 to 1783, when ill-health forced his retirement. He died on 30 November 1785, survived by his widow Hannah and son John.
Works.
Rider turned his hand to various topics: history, lexicography, translations, poetry and sermons. He translated Voltaire's "Candide" in 1759 (the same year that it was published). He wrote "A New Universal Dictionary, or, A Compleat Treasure of the English Language" (1759) and dedicated it to Pitt the Elder; it demonstrated Rider's knowledge of Anglo-Saxon, Welsh and German but could not compete with Johnson's Dictionary. He also wrote the 50-volume "A New History of England" (1761–64, together with an accompanying atlas in 1764), which he dedicated to King George III, covering the history of England from pre-Roman times until 1763. Whilst it was designed to be an affordable and accessible history, it was not a success and was later described by William Thomas Lowndes as one of the vilest Grub Street compilations ever published. In 1762, he published (anonymously) "An Historical and Critical Account of the Lives and Writings of the Living Authors of Great Britain". This described the works of Tobias Smollett, David Hume, Samuel Johnson and others, including himself (with a favourable mention of his own writings). He published various sermons, and poetry in "The Gentleman's Magazine" under the pseudonym of "Philargyrus". He also wrote lengthy commentary for "The Christian Family's Bible" (1763–77, 3 volumes).

</doc>
<doc id="21514106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514106" title="Preseucoila imallshookupis">
Preseucoila imallshookupis

Preseucoila imallshookupis is a species of gall wasp. The genus name, "Preseucoila", is named after Elvis Presley while the species name is derived from the Elvis Presley song "All Shook Up."

</doc>
<doc id="21514123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514123" title="Thomas Annan">
Thomas Annan

Thomas Annan (1829–1887) was a Scottish photographer, notable for being the first to record the poor housing conditions of the poor. Born in Dairsie, Fife he was one of seven children of John Annan, a flax spinner. 
After his initial apprenticeship to a lithographer in Cupar he moved to Glasgow and, after gaining the patent rights to the photogravure process, established himself in a photographic studio in Sauchiehall Street during 1857. First interested largely in architectural photography and then portraits, in 1866 Annan was commissioned by the Glasgow City Improvement Trust to photograph slum areas. It was this series of photographs, entitled the Old Closes and Streets of Glasgow, that ensured his prosperity.
His other notable works include the building of the Loch Katrine Waterworks, portraits of David Livingstone and Horatio McCulloch, and a series of photographs of the Old Country Houses of the Old Glasgow Gentry.
He was the father of James Craig Annan who continued in his father's profession, receiving a Royal Warrant as 'Photographers and Photographic Engravers to Her Majesty in Glasgow'.
The family business survives to the present day in the form of the Annan Fine Art Gallery, located on Woodlands Road in the West End of Glasgow.
Gallery 8 of the Scottish National Portrait Gallery is devoted to a display of Annan's images.

</doc>
<doc id="21514148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514148" title="1926 Milwaukee Badgers season">
1926 Milwaukee Badgers season

The 1926 Milwaukee Badgers season was their fifth and final season in the National Football League. The team improved on their previous output of 0–6, winning two games. They finished fifteenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21514152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514152" title="Devil's Bride (manhwa)">
Devil's Bride (manhwa)

"Devil's Bride" () is a Korean manhwa created by Se-Young Kim. The series was licensed in North America by Tokyopop.
Plot.
The plot revolves around Devil, who desperately tries to live a peaceful life as a human. Tired of loneliness, he decides to take a human bride and writes advertisements, saying, that he'd buy a woman for a huge reward. A young girl finally comes, forced to pay her father's debts, but eventually she appears to be a boy.

</doc>
<doc id="21514155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514155" title="Agra liv">
Agra liv

Agra liv (Erwin, 2002) is a species of carabid beetle named after the "first name of the actress Liv Tyler, starlet of the movie, "Armageddon"...because the "existence of this species of elegant beetle is dependent upon the rainforest not undergoing an armageddon."

</doc>
<doc id="21514156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514156" title="Cecil Apartments">
Cecil Apartments

Cecil Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a seven story building constructed of multiple shades of light colored brick, accented with limestone and cast terra cotta ornament in the Beaux Arts style. The structure takes the form of a "T" in plan. When constructed in 1902, it was one of the first important apartment buildings in Baltimore, built at the edge of the city’s most elite downtown neighborhood, Bolton Hill. It was designed by a well known Baltimore architect, Edward Hughes Glidden and marked the evolution of elite living that had come to characterize the Bolton Hill neighborhood.
Cecil Apartments was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21514158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514158" title="Valeria Vatkina">
Valeria Vatkina

Valeria Vatkina (born March 28, 1981 in Minsk, Belarus) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast. She started rhythmic gymnastics in 1986.
She was the 1995 European Junior Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="21514187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514187" title="Zeke and Luther">
Zeke and Luther

Zeke and Luther was an American Disney XD sitcom about two best friends setting their sights on becoming the world's greatest skaters. The show stars Hutch Dano, Adam Hicks, Daniel Curtis Lee, and Ryan Newman (season 1-2). "Zeke and Luther" is set in the northern part of Gilroy, California, specifically in the fictional area of Pacific Terrace, which is stated frequently throughout the series. Gilroy was also mentioned occasionally in the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens", which was also created by "Zeke and Luther" co-creator Matt Dearborn. The episode "Bros Go Pro" was made available to download for free on iTunes in the beginning of June, two weeks before the show's television premiere. The series premiered on June 15, 2009 in the U.S. 
On August 2, 2010, it was announced that "Zeke and Luther" had been renewed for a third season which premiered on February 28, 2011. On June 18, 2011, in an interview with Deadline.com, Matt Dearborn confirmed that the show's third season would be its last. The show is currently Disney XD's longest running original series and first to make it to a third season. The one-hour (two-part) series finale aired on April 2, 2012.
Episodes.
</onlyinclude>
Broadcast.
The show is broadcast worldwide on Disney Channel and Disney XD.
Season 1.
It premiered on August 15, 2009 in Australia and New Zealand, on September 20, 2009 in Canada, on October 3, 2009 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, on November 15, 2009 in India, and on December 13, 2009 in Singapore, Hong Kong, the Philippines, and Malaysia.
Season 2.
It premiered on June 28, 2010 in Australia and New Zealand, on March 12, 2010 in Canada, on September 18, 2010 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, on June 15, 2010 in India, and on April 17, 2011 in Singapore, Hong Kong, the Philippines, and Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="21514188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514188" title="Tattoo the Earth">
Tattoo the Earth

Tattoo the Earth was a concert tour from 2000 to 2002 in the United States. The tour, with part of it taking place during the summer, posed a challenge to Slipknot in particular. The band performed onstage in masks, and even under the best circumstances, they found them uncomfortable. The band's drummer Joey Jordison commented, "Everyone passes out two or three times per tour. It never happens 'til the end of the show. People are like, 'I don't know how you do it with the mask on, let alone one-piece wool coveralls in 110 degree heat.' But it's the music that drives us, and we've built up a tolerance for it." Scott Alderman, the festival's creator, believed that the tour would help "catch the vibe" between the musical artists and the body artists, saying in a prepared statement, "Nothing represents the counter youth culture like music and body art. It is a statement of purpose and a passport to another way of living. We're simply creating a venue where it can be expressed."
MTV revealed on June 6, 2000 that Slayer and Sepultura recently joined the tour. Metallica, which was originally not part of the tour, officially announced on June 13, 2000 that they would be joining it. The following day, Stone Temple Pilots announced plans to join the tour.
Bands.
Thirty-four bands performed for the tour.
Tattoo artists.
Forty-two tattoo artists were featured at the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="21514195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514195" title="Agra schwarzeneggeri">
Agra schwarzeneggeri

Agra schwarzeneggeri (Erwin, 2002) is a species of carabid beetle named after "the actor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, in reference to the markedly developed (biceps-like) middle femora of the males of this species reminiscent of the actor's physique." The holotype was collected in Costa Rica and first described to science in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21514197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514197" title="2009 Safeway Championship">
2009 Safeway Championship

The 2009 Safeway Championship (Manitoba men's provincial curling championship) was held February 18-22 at the Selkirk Recreation Centre in Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada. The winner represented Manitoba at the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier in Calgary.
Draw Brackets.
"32 team double knockout with playoff round"<br>
"Four teams qualify each from A Event and B Event"
Results.
Draw 1.
"February 18, 0830"
Draw 2.
"February 18, 1215"
Draw 3.
"February 18, 1600"
Draw 4.
"February 18, 2015"
Draw 5.
"February 19, 0830"
Draw 6.
"February 19, 1215"
Draw 7.
"February 19, 1600"
Draw 8.
"February 19, 1945"
Draw 9.
"February 20, 0830"
Draw 10.
"February 20, 1215"
Draw 11.
"February 20, 1600"
Playoffs.
Playoff Round.
"8 team double knockout"<br>
"Four teams qualify into Championship round"
First Round.
"February 20, 1945"
Second Round.
"February 21, 0900"
Third Round.
"February 21, 1400"
Championship Round.
1 vs. 2.
"February 21, 1900"
3 vs. 4.
"February 21, 1900"
Semifinal.
"February 22, 0930"
Final.
"February 22, 1400"

</doc>
<doc id="21514211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514211" title="Johann Matthäus Hassencamp">
Johann Matthäus Hassencamp

Johann Matthäus Hassencamp (July 28, 1743 – October 6, 1797) was a German Orientalist and Protestant theologian born in Marburg.
He studied philology, mathematics, theology and philosophy at the Universities of Marburg and Göttingen. Afterwards, he continued his studies in France, Holland and England, followed by a return to Marburg, where in 1768 he received his habilitation. Later, he became a professor of Oriental languages and mathematics at the University in Rinteln, where in 1777 he was given additional responsibilities as head of the university library. 
Among his better known written works was an exegetical treatise on the Pentateuch ("Commentatio de Pentateucho LXX interpretum") and a 1793 biography of theologian Johann David Michaelis. From 1789 until his death, he was publisher of the influential weekly magazine "Annalen der neuesten theologischen Litteratur und Kirchengeschichte" (Annals of the Latest Theological Literature and Church History). In the fields of mathematics and physics, he published a work on the history involving efforts to determine longitude, titled "Kurze Geschichte der Bemühungen die Meereslänge zu erfinden" (1769).

</doc>
<doc id="21514226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514226" title="Passive daylighting">
Passive daylighting

Passive daylighting is a system of both collecting sunlight using static, non-moving, and non-tracking systems (such as windows, sliding glass doors, most skylights, light tubes) and reflecting the collected daylight deeper inside with elements such as light shelves. Passive daylighting systems are different from active daylighting systems in that active systems track and/or follow the sun, and rely on mechanical mechanisms to do so.
Collecting.
Collecting devices rely on their position to most effectively capture sunlight. A building's position as well as architectural considerations are critical in the effectiveness of passive daylighting. Passive daylight systems are typically non-mechanical, and optimal daylighting efficiency is achieved by proper building and system orientation. A southern facing orientation is optimal if a building or system is located in the northern hemisphere, and a northern facing orientation is optimal if located in the southern hemisphere. 
Reflecting.
Reflecting elements such as light shelves, lighter wall colors, mirrored wall sections, interior walls with upper glass panels, and clear or translucent glassed hinged doors and Sliding glass doors take the captured light and passively reflect it further inside. The light can be from passive vertical windows or overhead skylights-tubes or active daylighting sources. In traditional Japanese architecture the Shōji sliding panel doors, with translucent washi screens, are an original precedent. International style, Modernist and Mid-century modern architecture were earlier innovators of this passive penetration and reflection in industrial, commercial, and residential applications. 
The use of all these passive daylighting methods reduces energy consumption from artificial lighting use, creating a more sustainable architecture. They are some of the components in designing for LEED - Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification. Specifically, designing for daylighting applies to the IEQ credit "Daylighting and Views," and can contribute to the EA credit "Optimize Energy Performance."

</doc>
<doc id="21514238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514238" title="Multiliteracy">
Multiliteracy

Multiliteracies is a term coined by the New London Group. Because the way people communicate is changing due to new technologies, and shifts in the usage of the English language within different cultures, a new "literacy" must also be used and developed.
There are two major topics that demonstrate the way multiliteracies can be used. The first is due to the world becoming smaller, communication between other cultures/languages is necessary to anyone. The usage of the English language is also being changed. While it seems that English is the common, global language, there are different dialects and subcultures that all speak different Englishes. The way English is spoken in France, or in South Africa or any other country is different from how it is spoken in the US.
The second way to incorporate the term multiliteracies is the way technology and multimedia is changing how we communicate. These days, text is not the only and main way to communicate. Text is being combined with sounds, and images and being incorporated into movies, billboards, almost any site on the internet, and television. All these ways of communication require the ability to understand a multimedia world. 
Application of Multiliteracies to the real world.
Due to changes in the world, especially globalization and an increase in immigration, a debate has arisen about the way students are instructed and learning in school. English, and all subjects, should evolve to incorporate multimodal ways of communication. The New London Group (1996) proposes the teaching of all representations of meaning including, linguistic, visual, audio, spatial, and gestural, which are subsumed under the category of multimodal. A pedagogy of multiliteracies includes a balanced classroom design of Situated Practice, Overt Instruction, Critical Framing and Transformed Practice. Students need to draw on their own experiences and semiotic literacy practices to represent and communicate meaning.
The changes that transpire through the field of education affect learning processes, while the application of learning processes affects the use of multiliteracies (Selber, 2004). These include the functional, critical, and rhetorical skills that are applied in diverse fields and disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="21514247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514247" title="English Language Unity Act">
English Language Unity Act

The English Language Unity Act was first introduced in 2005. It hoped to establish English as the official language of the federal government of the United States. If passed it would require that all official functions and proceedings of federal and state government be conducted in English. It would also require that applicants for naturalization be tested on their ability to read and generally understand the English language. They would be tested on the laws of the United States as well as other important documents that relate to the law, including the Declaration of Independence and Constitution. It would also require that all naturalization ceremonies be conducted in English. If a person became injured because of violations of this Act, they would be able to file suit in court. Before this act could be considered by the House of Representatives it had to be approved by the House Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce Committees.
History.
The English Language Unity Act is based on a similar bill, "The Bill Emerson English Language Empowerment Act", which passed in the House of Representatives in 1996. However, it never became law. It tried to amend Federal law to declare English to be the official language of the U.S. Government. If it became a law, it would have required state representatives to conduct official business in English. It would have required that all officials conduct naturalization ceremonies entirely in English as well.
Conservative Republican lawmaker Representative Steve King introduced this act to the House of Representatives on March 1, 2005 it was known as the English Language Unity Act of 2005. Before the 109th session ended of congress, the bill accumulated 164 sponsors. The last action on this bill was the introductory remarks on the proposed bill on May 19, 2006. The bill did not come up for debate during this session of Congress, so it is said to have died.
Representative King reintroduced the bill as the English Unity Act of 2007 on February 12, 2007. This time it gained the support of 153 cosponsors. The last action on this proposed bill was on June 5, 2007 when the House Committee on Education and Labor referred the bill to the subcommittee on Early Childhood Education, Elementary and Secondary Education. Congress adjourned before further action could be taken, so the bill died again in 2007.
Representative King alongside Senator Jim Inhofe introduced the English Language Unity Act of 2011 on Friday, March 10, 2011. In a release King defended his proposition by saying "A common language is the most powerful unifying force known throughout history. We need to encourage assimilation of all legal immigrants in each generation. A nation divided by language cannot pull together as effectively as a people." Inhofe added: "This legislation will provide much-needed commonality among United States citizens, regardless of heritage. As a nation built by immigrants, it is important that we share one vision and one official language." 
Controversy.
Repeated attempts to make English the official language of the United States have failed time and time again, though the issue never fails to spark heated debate. While appearing to focus solely on language, these attempt trigger issues related to financial burden, discrimination, patriotism, and unity.
Those against the legislation argue the bill deals with a non-issue. They claim Congress does not need to establish legislation in order to teach others the importance of knowing English since the language is already spoken by a majority of Americans. Opponents of the legislation question why there is a sudden need for an official language, given that the United States government has flourished without one for the past two hundred years. They argue that it is not an official language that binds Americans together as a country, but rather the freedoms and ideals that the are enjoyed by its citizens. 
Some opponents of the bill also argue that the legislation is unconstitutional. They assert it would limit the government's ability to correspond with all its citizens, and that by restricting federal and state employees from communicating with citizens in a language other than English, the bill violates first amendment rights of free speech. Some further contend that the bill would call for changes to the Voting Rights Act by eliminating all non- English ballots, despite the fact that nothing in the bill's language modifies the Voting Rights Act.
Supporters of the legislation take the position that accommodation of non-English speakers discourages assimilation. They acknowledge that the ability to speak a language other than English is valuable, and that its use in the home, church or private place of business should in no way be discouraged. At the same time, they argue that the government should not bear the responsibility of guaranteeing that non-English-speaking individuals can participate in government solely using their mother language. They contend that as more immigrants learn English, the language barriers that divide the country into separate groups will disintegrate and lead to a decrease in racial and ethnic problems. They also believe that by learning English, individuals can become more productive citizens and members of American society. They argue that immigrants who are fluent in English have better economic opportunities, and assert that non-English speakers tend to find themselves restricted to low-skilled, low-paying jobs. Supporters of the bill also posit that the ability of immigrant groups to speak English will give them an increased political voice and allow them to participate more fully and effectively in the democratic process.
Supporters of this legislation argue that accommodating non-English speakers is an unnecessary expense to the government. The total annual cost for the California Department of Motor Vehicles to provide language services is $2.2 million, while providing the same level of DMV translation services nationwide costs approximately $8.5 million per year. The total cost of providing multilingual services for the Immigration and Naturalization Service are between $114 million and $150 million annually. It costs $1.86 million annually just to prepare written translations for food stamp recipients nationwide. The cost for government-funded speech translation increased to $21 million nationally per year.
Thirty - one states currently have adopted legislation similar to the English Language Unity Act. Alabama (1990) Alaska (1998) Arizona (2006) Arkansas (1987) California (1986) Colorado (1988) Florida (1988) Georgia (1986 & 1996) Hawaii (1978) Idaho (2007) Illinois (1969) Indiana (1984) Iowa (2002) Kansas (2007) Kentucky (1984) Louisiana (1812) Massachusetts (1975) Mississippi (1987) Missouri (1998 & 2008) Montana (1995) Nebraska (1920) New Hampshire (1995) North Carolina (1987) North Dakota (1987) Oklahoma (2010) South Carolina (1987) South Dakota (1995) Tennessee (1984) Utah (2000) Virginia (1981 & 1996) Wyoming (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="21514255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514255" title="Kispiox Mountain">
Kispiox Mountain

Kispiox Mountain is the highest mountain in the Kispiox Range of the Hazelton Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northwest of the junction of Kispiox River and Skeena River. It has a prominence of , created by the Kispiox-Nass Pass, thus making it one of Canada's many ultra-prominent peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="21514290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514290" title="Hutzler Brothers Palace Building">
Hutzler Brothers Palace Building

The Hutzler Brothers Palace Building is a historic flagship department store building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States and built by Hutzler's. It was constructed in 1888, with a south bay added in 1924. The original limestone Romanesque eclectic façade is three bays wide and five stories in height. The ground floor façade was redesigned in 1931 in the Art Moderne style. Hutzler's is believed to hold the record for longevity in an original location among American department stores, having been founded on this site in 1858.
Hutzler Brothers Palace Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21514294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514294" title="Len Birks">
Len Birks

Leonard "Len" Birks (6 October 1896 – 22 March 1975) was an English footballer who played as a defender. Born in Fenton, Staffordshire he started his career with Port Vale before spending seven years at Sheffield United. After leaving Bramall Lane he played for Plymouth Argyle, Bristol City and Yeovil & Petters United, as well as having a spell as first team coach at Bristol City.
Playing career.
Birks joined Port Vale from Butt Lane Star in May 1920. He made his Second Division debut in 1920–21, but remained a fringe player in 1921–22, despite lifting the North Staffordshire Infirmary Cup in 1922. However he missed just one game of the 1922–23 campaign, and was an ever-present in 1923–24. He retained his first team place in the highly successful 1924–25 season, but with dependable young left-back Jimmy Oakes waiting in the reserves to take his place, manager Joe Schofield decided to cash in on Birks.
He was sold to Sheffield United for 'a substantial sum' in October 1924 as the Blades sought a replacement for regular left back Ernest Milton. Birks initially failed to settle at Bramall Lane however and missed out on a place in the 1925 FA Cup Final with the ageing Milton being preferred. Never a fully established first team player, Birks did give good service to the Blades during his time playing over 200 games in all competitions.
After leaving United in February 1931, Birks joined up with Plymouth Argyle. Competing with former England international Fred Titmuss for the left-back position, he made 49 league and cup appearances, before departing Home Park for Bristol City in April 1933. He later played non-league football for Yeovil & Petters United, before returning to Bristol to work as first team coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21514295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514295" title="Zach Andrews">
Zach Andrews

Zachary Leon "Zach" Andrews (born March 9, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Osaka Evessa of the bj league. Andrews grew up in Rancho Cordova, California and played college basketball at Yuba College and Bradley University.
Early life and high school.
Andrews lived in poverty with his mother and three siblings in Oakland, California as a young child. He later grew up in foster homes for nearly a decade before reuniting with his biological mother to public housing in Sacramento, California as a teenager. Andrews graduated from Cordova High School of Rancho Cordova, California in 2003. At Cordova, Andrews lettered in both basketball and football. 
College career.
Yuba (2003–05).
Andrews enrolled at Yuba College, a junior college in Marysville, California. He helped its basketball program make the Elite Eight of the California Community College Athletic Association state tournament in 2004 with a program-best record of 24-7 and averaged 10 points and 9 rebounds as a freshman in the 2003–04 season. As a sophomore (2004–05), Andrews earned Bay Valley East All-Conference honors after leading the league with 10.5 rebounds and 2.2 blocked shots per game, finished second in the league in field goal percentage (.584), and was ninth in scoring (13.5 points). He earned the number-one spot on the "Top 10 Plays" of an edition of "SportsCenter" in 2005 after leaping over a player of the opposing team to slam an alley-oop.
Bradley (2005–07).
In 2005, Andrews transferred to Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois and played two seasons on the Bradley Braves men's basketball team. Twice the Missouri Valley Conference selected Andrews as Player of the Week (December 19, 2005 and November 20, 2006). Andrews played in two 22-win seasons.
As a starter, Andrews averaged 9.3 points and 6.7 rebounds during his junior year (2005–06) and averaged 3.9 points and 4.2 rebounds as a reserve. On December 14, 2005 against WKU, Andrews had his second double-double of the season and tied a school record 11 offensive boards, 19 points, and 15 rebounds. Bradley advanced to the "Sweet 16" regional semifinal of the 2006 NCAA tournament.
On 64% field goal shooting, Andrews averaged 11.1 points and 7.0 rebounds as a senior in 2006–07. For the spring 2007 semester, Andrews made the honor roll of the Bradley athletic director. Bradley made the second round of the 2007 National Invitation Tournament.
Professional career.
Andrews worked out with the Sacramento Kings in the summer of 2007 after going undrafted in the 2007 NBA draft. After an attempt to join Farho Gijón of Spanish third-tier LEB Plata fell through, Andrews signed with Costa Urbana Playas de Santa Pola of LEB Plata instead. After an injury, Santa Pola waived Andrews. 
In January 2008, Andrews signed with Genc Banvitliler of Turkish Basketball Second League and played the last 14 games of the season, averaging 11.6 points, 10.8 rebounds, and 2 assists. Andrews was an honorable mention all-league pick. He was the only American on the team. 
For the 2008–09 season, Andrews played for Rayet Guadalajara of Spanish fourth-tier LEB Bronce and averaged 12.1 points and 10.2 rebounds. Again, Andrews was an honorable mention all-league selection.
He played for CB Peñas Huesca of third-tier LEB Plata the next season and averaged 11.9 points and 7.4 rebounds and was a 2010 second team all-LEB Plata selection and All-Import selection. 
In the 2010–11 season, Andrews played for Niigata Albirex of the Japanesee Bj league and averaged 11.1 points and 10.8 rebounds.
Andrews signed with the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA Development League after a tryout before the 2011–12 season. Andrews signed with the D-Fenders' NBA parent team Los Angeles Lakers on December 9, 2011. Four days after the Lakers waived Andrews, the D-Fenders re-acquired Andrews on December 26. Andrews started 42 of 44 games for the D-Fenders and averaged 9.3 points on 64.7% shooting and 7.3 rebounds in 25.4 minutes per game. 
Andrews began the 2012–13 season playing two games for Sutor Montegranaro of Italian Lega Basket Serie A. On January 15, 2013, Andrews was reacquired by the Los Angeles D-Fenders. Later that year, he signed with Osaka Evessa of Japan for the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21514300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514300" title="El Quiteño Libre">
El Quiteño Libre

El Quiteño Libre was a weekly newspaper from the city of Quito, Ecuador, in 1833. The newspaper was founded by political opponents of president Juan José Flores. One of the writers for the newspaper was politician Pedro Moncayo.

</doc>
<doc id="21514314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514314" title="Green Arrow and Black Canary">
Green Arrow and Black Canary

Green Arrow and Black Canary was a comic book ongoing series published by DC Comics starring superheroes Green Arrow and Black Canary.
Publication history.
The first issue (December 2007) was written by Judd Winick with art by Cliff Chiang. With issue #7, Mike Norton replaced Chiang.
According to the announcements of upcoming titles at DCComics.com, the title will revert to Green Arrow beginning with issue 31; After the events of , wherein Green Arrow killed the villain Prometheus for destroying Star City (which killed Roy Harper's daughter), Black Canary took Green Arrow's not telling her as a sign he wants to be alone and left him, supposedly ending the marriage.
This series ended in 2011 when DC relaunched its entire universe. Green Arrow went to Star City in his own solo series while Black Canary currently stars in "Birds of Prey".
Plot synopsis.
"Dead Again".
After Black Canary murders "Green Arrow" on their wedding night, it is discovered that it was actually Everyman posing as him. Black Canary and Speedy, along with Connor Hawke venture to Themyscira on a hunch that Green Arrow may be a captive of the Amazons.
"Family Business".
Green Arrow, Black Canary and Speedy travel to Europe to hunt down who is responsible for wounding Connor Hawke. Along the way they join up with Batman, Plastic Man Dodger and encounter a new League of Assassins.
"A League of their Own".
The missing Connor Hawke is found and it is discovered that this League of Assassins is a fake, tricked by a disguised Shado to fight Green Arrow. Shado's son Robert, who is also Green Arrow's son was diagnosed with cancer, to cure him she employed Dr. Sivana to abduct and experiment on Connor. In the end Connor is rescued but possess nothing of his former self, acting differently, abandoning archery and apparently gaining healing abilities. Speedy leaves to pursue a relationship with Dodger and Connor Hawke leaves to rediscover himself.
"Tough Love".
A new villainess named Cupid begins killing Green Arrow's enemies to gain his love and approval. She kills Brick and several other low level villains and attempts to kill Merlyn as well. Oliver's and Dinah's marriage is put to the test as Green Arrow becomes increasingly more violent and ignores Black Canary's warnings.
A music teacher is deafened by Black Canary's Canary Cry and becomes the hypersonic villain known as Discord. 
Starting with July's issue, #22, the title gets divided into a Green Arrow and Black Canary double feature.
Repackaging as "Green Arrow".
During the events of the "Blackest Night" the series for issue 30 was retitled "Black Lantern Green Arrow" for a Blackest Night tie-in before switching to simply "Green Arrow" as part of the Rise and Fall storyline which is aftermath of "". The series picked up loose ends of Green Arrow killing the villain Prometheus and the destruction of Star City as well as Black Canary leaving Green Arrow for not telling her of his actions assuming he wants to be alone. A new "Green Arrow" series is set to debut from J. T. Krul and artist Diogenes Neves.
Collected editions.
Also relevant is the lead-up to this series "Road to the Altar", see Green Arrow Collected Editions
Reception.
IGN gave the first issue a 5.7 out of 10. Issue #15, the first issue of Kreisberg's run, received a 7.5.

</doc>
<doc id="21514323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514323" title="Onion epidermal cell">
Onion epidermal cell

The onion epidermal cell provides a protective layer against unwanted viruses and fungi that may harm the sensitive tissues. Because of its simple structure and transparency it is often used to introduce students to plant anatomy. These properties also make it useful for demonstrations of plasmolysis.
The clear epidermal cells consist of a single layer and does not contain chloroplasts, because the onion fruiting body (bulb) is used for storing energy, not photosynthesis.
As in all plant cells, the cell of an onion peel consists of a cell wall, cell membrane, cytoplasm, nucleus and a large vacuole. The nucleus is present at the periphery of the cytoplasm. The vacuole is prominent and present at the centre of the cell. It is surrounded by cytoplasm.
To prepare onion epidermal cells for microscopy, smaller onions that feel firm are best. Remove the epidermal layers by cutting the onion and peeling them off (they are the membrane-like sheaths between each onion layer). For advanced microscopy, such as fluorescence microscopy, the layers halfway between the outside and the centre of the onion are best.
If you are using these layers for biolistics, it is important to note that bombarding with the cells facing up or down, on the media that they are placed on, cannot make a difference.

</doc>
<doc id="21514328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514328" title="Eternia Playset">
Eternia Playset

The Eternia Playset (1986–1987) was the largest playset to be produced by Mattel for the Masters of the Universe line of toys. The playset has three levels featuring three towers with vehicles that run around the entire playset. Because of Eternia's rare nature, there is a limited amount of information regarding the playset, its features and parts.
Central Tower.
Eternia comes with three core towers. The largest and primary tower comes in two pieces and is called the Central Tower. It comes with a Central Tower Base foundation. The key feature of the Central Tower is the Guard Lion. The Guard Lion head also comes in two pieces featuring the actual Lion Head and the Lion Jaw. Additionally, there are two arms, simply called the Right and Left Lion Arms that fit into the Central Tower. Finally, there are two gold Gargoyles that guard the entrance steps to the playset leading up to the Guard Lion. 
Eternia’s Central Tower comes with three floor levels officially called the “First Floor,” Second Floor and "Top Floor. This is in addition to the ground floor level. Each level is reached by way of an Elevator which runs up and down on the Elevator Shaft” 
Grayskull Tower.
Eternia comes with two secondary towers to the right and left of the Central Tower. The Grayskull Tower is a representation of Castle Grayskull and connects to the Central Tower Base and reaches into the air at approximately half the height of the Central Tower. The Grayskull Tower fits four brown Monorail Arms into its face to support the Monorail Track. At its base, there is a Prison for Evil Warriors, Snake Men or Horde Characters secured by a Prison Gate. 
Viper Tower.
Eternia's second smaller tower is the Viper Tower. The Viper Tower also attaches to the Central Tower Base, reaching into the air approximately half the height of the Central Tower. The Viper Tower is a representation of Snake Mountain and features four brown jagged Monorail Arms that fit into the face of the tower and support the Monorail Track. The Viper Tower's central feature is the Viper which comes unassembled mint in box. The Viper Tower comes with four chains that run from the collar around the neck of the Viper down to the Monorail Arms. 
Monorail system.
Eternia’s monorail system is made up of thirteen Monorail Arms and thirteen pieces of monorail track. The Central Tower fits five blue Monorail Arms into its frame. The Grayskull Tower fits four brown Monorail Arms. The forward Monorail Arm on this tower attaches to the afore mentioned Ball & Chain. The Viper Tower also fits four Monorail Arms. These arms are a bronze color and have more intricate detail than the arms on the opposing tower. 

</doc>
<doc id="21514339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514339" title="Notes from New York">
Notes from New York

Notes From New York is a successful London (West End) based concert series, created primarily to showcase the output of contemporary musical theatre writers.
Creators and Collaborators.
Founded in 2003 by producer Neil Eckersley and actor/musician David Randall (who became the series regular director and arranger), the concerts have usually been headlined by the primary collaborators Paul Spicer and Julie Atherton who also fulfil creative roles in musical staging.
Other frequent collaborators include regular actors (such as Oliver Thompsett & Ashleigh Gray), sound designer Mark Dunne, pianists Mark Collins and Joe Hood.
Concert History.
2 November 2003 - Arts Theatre, Leicester Square
Starring Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Shona Lindsey and Damien Edwards.
Featuring music by Jason Robert Brown and Andrew Lippa.
7 March 2004 - Donmar Warehouse, Covent Garden
Starring Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Debbie Kurup and Craig Purnell.
Featuring music by Jason Robert Brown, Jonathan Larson and William Finn.
4 July 2004 - Arts Theatre, Leicester Square
Starring Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Kellie Ryan and Samuel Barnett.
Featuring music by Andrew Lippa, Craig Carnelia and Jimmy Roberts.
19 September 2004 - Trafalgar Studios, Whitehall
Starring Rebecca Thornhill, Stephen Weller, Oliver Tompsett and Ashleigh Gray.
Featuring music by Adam Guettel, Michael John LaChuisa and John Buccino.
21 November 2004 - Trafalgar Studios, Whitehall
Starring Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Amy Nuttall, Jon Lee, Shona Lindsay, Damien Edwards, Oliver Tompsett and Ashleigh Gray.
Featuring music from all composers in the series so far and Tim Acito.
Not(es) From New York.
Notes From New York presented an evening of new British musical theatre on 19 March 2006 at the Duchess Theatre, Covent Garden.
Starring Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Anna-Jane Casey and Dougal Irvine, the evening showcased the output of composers Grant Olding and Charles Miller.
Other productions.
The success of the concerts meant that Notes From New York could create successful evenings on various other themes:
Notes In Heels (6 April 2008 - Duchess Theatre, Covent Garden) showcased female writers Georgia Stitt, Jenny Giering, Zina Goldrich.
Again it starred Julie Atherton and Paul Spicer, with newcomers Selina Chilton, Stuart Matthew Price and Amy Pemberton.
The Last Five Years (12, 19 & 26 October 2008 - Theatre Royal, Haymarket)
A gala staging of the Jason Robert Brown musical to celebrate five successful years of Notes From New York.
Starring the series regulars Julie Atherton and Paul Spicer.
Producer Neil Eckersley and creative Paul Spicer have also formed Speckulation Entertainment, which produced 'A Spoonful of Stiles And Drewe' (6 July 2008 - Her Majesty's Theatre, Haymarket), a celebration of British musical theatre writers George Stiles and Anthony Drewe. The concert has since been released on CD.
Christmas In New York.
The seasonal musical celebration has been going since 2006:
Sunday 10 December 2006 - Apollo Theatre, Shaftesbury Avenue,
Starring Josie Walker, Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Cassidy Janson, James Gillan, Oliver Tompsett, Jon Robyns, Clare Foster, Melanie La Barrie, Daniel Boys, Sophia Ragavelas and Emma Williams.
Sunday 9 December 2007 - Lyric Theatre, Shaftesbury Avenue
Starring Anna-Jane Casey, Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer, Oliver Tompsett, Emma Williams, Melanie La Barrie, Matt Cross, Ashleigh Gray, Alex Jessop, Debbie Kurup, Steven Webb and Rachael Wooding.
Sunday 7 December 2008 - Lyric Theatre, Shaftesbury Avenue
Starring Maria Friedman, Julie Atherton, Oliver Tompsett, Ashleigh Gray, Michael Xavier, Adrian Hansel, Zoe Rainey, Richard Reynard and Lorna Want.
Sunday 6 December 2009-Princes of Wales Theatre
Starring Julie Atherton, Samuel Barnett, Daniel Boys, Ashleigh Gray, Jenna Lee James, Alex Jessop, Leanne Jones, Paul Spicer, Oliver Tompsett, Hannah Waddingham and Rachael Wooding.
Taking Notes.
In the summer of 2009, a week long course, designed for up and coming Contemporary Musical Theatre enthusiasts, was held at The London School of Musical Theatre. The week consisted of day long sessions, workshopping various Musical Numbers including Die Vampire Die (Title of Show), Come to Your Senses (Tick, Tick... Boom!), Nothing In Common (Wearing Someone Else's Clothes: Jason Robert Brown), You Shall Go To The Ball (SOHO Cinders) and two pieces devised by Taking Notes' resident MD new British Musical Theatre composer Michael Bruce, entitled A Little Less Ordinary and Looking Back (Ed: The Musical). The Original Taking Notes Cast comprising 45 students from various areas of the UK, who worked with a number of currently established and successful Musical Theatre artists including Julie Atherton (Avenue Q), Oliver Tompsett (Wicked), Clare Foster (The Bill, Avenue Q), Sam Buntrock (Sunday in the Park with George) Keiran Hill (RSC) and Paul Spicer (The Last 5 Years). The week long course worked towards a showcase at the end of the week to a privately invited audience. An Original Cast Recording of the Taking Notes Showcase unofficially nicknamed 'Post-It Notes from New York' is available.

</doc>
<doc id="21514349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514349" title="DeBolt (disambiguation)">
DeBolt (disambiguation)

DeBolt is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada. DeBolt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21514352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514352" title="Ronald Colman filmography">
Ronald Colman filmography

This is a complete filmography of Ronald Colman. Colman began his career as an actor on the stage following his service in the British Army during World War I. He made his film debut in an unreleased two-reeler titled "The Live Wire" (1917). After achieving minor success on the stage and in British films, he immigrated to the United States in 1920. There he continued his acting with only moderate success until he was offered the lead opposite Lillian Gish in "The White Sister" (1923). The film's popularity and critical acclaimed led to Colman becoming a major star and also a romantic idol of the silent cinema. As a contract player for Samuel Goldwyn, Colman was cast (frequently on loan-out) as leading man to many of the top actress as the silent era. In five of his silents he formed a romantic team with Hungarian actress Vilma Bánky.
Colman made a successful transition to sound with his first talking feature, "Bulldog Drummond" (1929) followed by "Raffles" (1930) and the much underrated "The Unholy Garden" (1931). After leaving Goldwyn in 1933, Colman continued his career as a free-lance performer and starred in a succession of critically acclaimed films ("A Tale of Two Cities, Under Two Flags, Lost Horizon, The Prisoner of Zenda, If I Were King", and "The Light That Failed"). In 1948 Colman won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in "A Double Life".
The filmography below lists all of Colman's films and is sub-divided into four sections: His British silent films, his American silents, his sound films, and a listing of short films in which he appeared as himself. In addition to his film appearances, Colman's television credits are also listed.

</doc>
<doc id="21514357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514357" title="Clute, Ontario">
Clute, Ontario

Clute is an unincorporated community in Cochrane, Unorganized, North Part, Ontario, within the Territorial District of Cochrane, Ontario, Canada. It is also the name of a geographic township in Cochrane District and the name of a stop served by the Polar Bear Express passenger train. The coordinates of the community are given by the Atlas of Canada as 49° 11' 22" North 81° 4' 24" West; of the township, 49° 7' 25" North 81° 10' 22" West.
It is served by Highway 579.

</doc>
<doc id="21514384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514384" title="Hamer, South Carolina">
Hamer, South Carolina

Hamer is an unincorporated community in Dillon County, South Carolina, United States. Its elevation is 144 feet (44 m).
It includes Hamer Hall, a residence from 1890 listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is also the location of South of the Border, a famed tourist trap just before the state line with North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="21514401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514401" title="List of school districts in Quebec">
List of school districts in Quebec

This is a list of school districts in Quebec, grouped by administrative region and language. Some school boards cover several regions and are listed under each.
Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Capitale-Nationale.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Mauricie.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Estrie.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Montreal.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Outaouais.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Abitibi-Témiscamingue.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Côte-Nord.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Bilingual:
Nord-du-Québec.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
French, English and Inuktitut:
French, English and Cree:
Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Chaudière-Appalaches.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Laval, Quebec.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Lanaudière.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Laurentides.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Montérégie.
Francophone:
Anglophone:
Centre-du-Québec.
Francophone:
Anglophone:

</doc>
<doc id="21514406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514406" title="Harold Kainalu Long Castle">
Harold Kainalu Long Castle

Harold Kainalu Long Castle (1886–1967) was a large landowner, real estate developer, and later philanthropist in Hawaii. 
Life.
Harold Kainalu Long Castle was born July 3, 1886 in Honolulu.
Castle was the son of wealthy landowner James Bicknell Castle and Julia White, and grandson of Castle & Cooke founder Samuel Northrop Castle. In 1917, he purchased almost of land on the windward side of the island of Oahu, in what was then the ahupuaa of Kailua, to start his sprawling Kaneohe Ranch. 
In 1962, he set up the Harold K.L. Castle Foundation, which remains the largest private foundation based in Hawaii. He and his foundation have donated large amounts of land to educational and other public institutions, among them Hawaii Loa College, Iolani School, Castle High School, Kainalu Elementary School, Castle Medical Center, and the Mokapu peninsula land that became Marine Corps Base Hawaii.
He and his wife, Alice Hedemann, both graduated from Punahou School, he served on its Board of Trustees (1922-1937), and their descendants have continued to attend and support the school.
Plantation Estate, his home in Kailua, Honolulu County, Hawaii, has been used by Barack Obama as a Winter White House during Christmas vacations in 2008, 2009, and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21514416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514416" title="COLA (software architecture)">
COLA (software architecture)

COLA stands for Combined Object Lambda Architecture, and is a system for experimenting with software design currently being investigated by the Viewpoints Research Institute. A COLA is a self-describing language in two parts, an object system which is implemented in terms of objects, and a functional language to describe the computation to perform.
Since a COLA is written in itself, the whole environment (when bootstrapped) can be rewritten and extended by programming with the COLA; in other words, it does not require more knowledge to rewrite a COLA than it does to write a program to run in it (as opposed to running Python code in CPython for example, which requires knowledge of C in order to reprogram the language).
This flexibility has led to the work-in-progress COLA called 'idst' becoming the implementation vehicle of choice for the Viewpoints Research Institute's research into 'reinventing programming', since it allows rapid creation and modification of new programming languages for study.
Description.
A COLA is designed to be the simplest possible language which can be described in itself, so that the implementation exactly describes itself. In order to do this the structure of the environment is separated from the semantics of the computation performed.
The object system describes the structure of a prototype-based Object Oriented environment. This is implemented in terms of objects and message passing, which is in fact the same system it is describing. This allows modification of the system by using the same object oriented knowledge used to write any other application.
This object system is turned into a useful programming language by complementing it with a functional language describing what each object's methods do. The methods called from the object language are closures running a functional programming language.
Combined together, these two parts form a complete prototype-based Object Oriented programming language which is entirely self-hosting.
Natural Language Analogy.
In order to illustrate the concept we can consider an analogy in natural language, say English. To define the whole of English for someone who speaks a foreign language would be a monumental task, especially since it would have to be done over and over again for each foreign language we're coming from. However, we could instead define a simpler subset of English as a base which is just expressive enough to understand definitions given in English. For example, such a subset would not need a word for "giraffe", since it could be added later with a statement like "A giraffe is a herbivore with a long neck." Similarly the definitions of herbivore, neck and long can be added later with other statements, and so on. This way we can remove every part of English which we do not need in our subset.
The bits we keep are those which are needed to understand definitions and statements (so that we can expand the language later), along with everything needed to define those, and so on. What we end up with is a self-contained language, written in itself (a subset of English) and capable of being expanded with statements like the giraffe one above.
Any English speaker is thus capable of changing the language itself as easily as they speak (since it's defined in English) by rewriting, overriding or bypassing the statements given in the base, turning the language into anything (including existing ones).
Also, anyone can become an English speaker simply by having this base translated into their native tongue (a more tractable problem than translating the whole of English). Once they know this subset then they know enough English to understand other statements like the giraffe one, and thus grow their knowledge to the whole language through English sentences (which can be reused by everyone, regardless of their first language). This is analogous to the bootstrapping and compatibility of a COLA.
The way a COLA such as idst implements this can be thought of as defining words using other words (the object system) separately to defining the grammar (the functional language).
Features.
A COLA can be used in two ways:
Due to their flexible and extensibility it is possible to make COLAs compatible with many ABIs, which allows integration into existing libraries (for example, those written in C) whilst maintaining the ability to mutate the COLA into another (perhaps custom) language.
A completely COLA-based computer system, whilst capable of implementing the operating system, libraries, applications and other levels of a traditional computer system, allows these distinctions to blur or disappear if the end-user wishes. Every aspect of the computer system, since it is written in a COLA (including the COLA itself), can be overridden, mutated, bypassed, etc. just as the local datastructures and functions in a traditional program can. There is also flexibility in how code is run, since there is a choice of interpreting, static compilation, dynamic compilation, in fact if the COLA is given a suitable backend object then it can even reprogram FPGA's to run arbitrary sections of the system.
Current Implementation.
Idst.
Ian Piumarta's 'idst' system (the name is currently in flux) is a work-in-progress implementation of a COLA. It consists of several components, such as the Id object model, the Jolt function language and the Pepsi object oriented language. Pepsi was bootstrapped by writing two Pepsi compilers, one in C++ and one in Pepsi, then compiling the latter with the former, then in with itself. This made Pepsi self-hosting, and the C++ version was discarded.
Projects.
The idst COLA has already been used in the following projects:
OMeta - An object oriented pattern matching language based on Parsing Expression Grammars
JOHN - A goal-oriented programming language
JITBLT - An image compositing engine

</doc>
<doc id="21514440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514440" title="Kinkdom">
Kinkdom

Kinkdom (sometimes referred to as "Kinks Kinkdom") is a US-only album by the English band The Kinks, released in 1965. As with the "Kinks-Size" album, it is made up mainly of songs not released on an equivalent UK LP. The album charted, peaking at number 47.
The album takes all four tracks from the UK "Kwyet Kinks" EP (including both sides of the recent hit US single "A Well Respected Man"), adding "Naggin' Woman" (left off the US version of their previous LP, "Kinda Kinks"), recent US singles "Who'll Be the Next in Line" (its B-side was already included on the US version of "Kinda Kinks"), "See My Friends"/"Never Met a Girl Like You Before" and B-side "I Need You" (A-side "Set Me Free" had again already been included on the US "Kinda Kinks" LP) as well as two older tracks. "It's Alright" was the B-side of breakthrough 1964 single "You Really Got Me" but had as yet not been included on a US LP. "Louie Louie", another 1964 track, had however already been included on "Kinks-Size".
This was the last US only studio album released by the Kinks. Starting with "The Kink Kontroversy", Reprise issued albums identical to the UK versions.
The tracks are currently available on the extended CD editions of "Kinks" and "Kinda Kinks".
Original US Edition: Track listing.
All songs by Ray Davies, except as noted
Rhino 1988 US Re-edition: Track listing.
All songs by Ray Davies. Two tracks changes respect original release.

</doc>
<doc id="21514451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514451" title="Swedish Sports Confederation">
Swedish Sports Confederation

The Swedish Sports Confederation (Swedish: "Riksidrottsförbundet", RF) is the umbrella organisation of the Swedish sports movement. Through its member organisations, it has three million members in 22 000 clubs. The Confederation was formed in 1903. Its present chairman, since 2005, is Karin Mattsson Weijber.
Tasks.
According to the website, their tasks are to:
Member organisations.
Specialised sports federations affiliated to the Swedish Sports Confederation:
 * Also member of the Swedish Olympic Committee.
List of presidents.
The Confederation has had the following presidents:

</doc>
<doc id="21514454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514454" title="Pratt Street Power Plant">
Pratt Street Power Plant

The Pratt Street Power Plant — also known as the Pier Four Power Plant, The Power Plant, and Pratt Street Station — is a historic former power plant located in downtown Baltimore, Maryland, USA. It has undergone significant repurposing development since retirement and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
History.
The building and its active years.
The structure is a complex of three buildings located at Pratt Street and Pier 4 at Baltimore’s Inner Harbor. The structures are brick with terra cotta trim and steel frame construction. It was built between 1900 and 1909 and is a massive industrial structure with Neo-Classical detailing designed by the noted architectural firm of Baldwin & Pennington.
It served as the main source of power for the United Railways and Electric Company, a consolidation of smaller street railway systems, that influenced the provision of city-wide transportation and opened up suburban areas of Baltimore to power its electric street railway in the city. It later served as a central steam plant for the Consolidated Gas, Electric Light and Power Company, a predecessor of the Baltimore Gas and Electric Company.
The plant, with obsolete equipment, was used sparingly until it was returned to service to meet the World War II production demand for electricity.
Post-retirement life.
After the electric plant was retired from service, the building was vacant for a time. The building had been the site of many failed development endeavors, most notably an indoor Six Flags theme park (1985-1989) and a short-lived dance club called P.T. Flagg's (1989-1990).
The Power Plant's tenants have included the first ESPN Zone in the country (opened July 11, 1998; closed June 2010 and replaced by Phillips Seafood), Hard Rock Cafe (opened July 4, 1997), Barnes & Noble, Gold's Gym (closed early 2010), and loft offices. Maryland Art Place, a contemporary art gallery for Maryland artists, is located in the northwest corner. It lends its name to the nearby Power Plant Live! nightlife complex. In November 2011, the former ESPN Zone space was filled by Phillips seafood restaurant, which moved from its longtime location inside Harborplace.
The Cordish Company has its headquarters on the sixth floor. Cordish also developed the adjacent Pier IV building, whose tenants include Houlihan's (since closed), Chipotle Mexican Grill, and Dick's Last Resort.

</doc>
<doc id="21514456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514456" title="Cuesta La Dormida">
Cuesta La Dormida

Cuesta La Dormida is a mountain in central Chile. Some of the forested mountain area of Cuesta La Dormida has been added to the La Campana National Park in order to achieve protection for the Chilean Wine Palm and other endangered species. Forests on Cuesta La Dormida provide habitat for a number of bird and mammal species in addition to the flora mosaic itself.

</doc>
<doc id="21514460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514460" title="List of school districts in Nova Scotia">
List of school districts in Nova Scotia

There are 8 school districts in the province of Nova Scotia, Canada.
Current school districts.
<br clear=all>
Historical enrollment by district.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21514483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514483" title="List of school districts in Prince Edward Island">
List of school districts in Prince Edward Island

There are 2 school districts in the province of Prince Edward Island, Canada. Formerly 5, the number has decreased with merges in some areas of the province.
Current school districts.
<br clear=all>
Former school districts.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21514494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514494" title="Waterloo Memorial (disambiguation)">
Waterloo Memorial (disambiguation)

Waterloo Memorial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21514507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514507" title="List of school districts in Newfoundland and Labrador">
List of school districts in Newfoundland and Labrador

This is a list of school districts in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Former school districts:

</doc>
<doc id="21514524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514524" title="Harold K.L. Castle Foundation">
Harold K.L. Castle Foundation

The Harold K.L. Castle Foundation it is the largest private foundation headquartered in the State of Hawaii.
Mission.
The foundation awards grants to close achievement and preparation gaps in public education in Hawaii, restore nearshore marine ecosystems, and strengthen Windward Oahu communities.
History.
Founder Harold Kainalu Long Castle was the owner of Kaneohe Ranch. The Castle Medical Center was named after Harold K.L. Castle's father, James Bicknell Castle. The foundation has contributed more than $8 million to the medical center and more than $143 million in grants.
Since 2000, the foundation has granted more than $60 million; more than $50 million has gone to organizations serving the Windward side of Oahu. 
Foundation disburses an average of $7,000,000 in grants per year.
The foundation provides grants from $500 to $5,000 to Windward youth group activities that include community service.
Investments include grants for the Bishop Museum, Teach for America and Stem Cell Research.

</doc>
<doc id="21514531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514531" title="Conor Heun">
Conor Heun

Conor Heun (born February 11, 1979) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division. He most recently fought for Strikeforce prior to its dissolution into the UFC.
Mixed martial arts career.
Conor has fought for Strikeforce, EliteXC and the International Fight League, as a member of the Los Angeles Anacondas, during his career. Conor has also been featured on the MTV program Bully Beatdown and The History Channel former series Human Weapon. 
Heun made his Television debut on a ShoXC card against Marlon Mathias. Mathais broke Heun's jaw a minute and a half into the first round with a well timed knee. Heun, showing the heart and warrior spirit he has come to be known for, kept fighting, winning the close fight via majority decision.. 
His next fight would be a second round TKO stoppage of James Edson Berto on the Elite XC card made famous when Kimbo Slice was TKO'd in just 14 seconds.
Heun made his Strikeforce debut against former UFC fighter Jorge Gurgel on a ShoMMA card in June 2009. He lost the fight via decision and the fight was said to be one the best Strikeforce fights of 2009.
After a year off due to injury, he returned to the promotion on the card. He faced boxer and former EliteXC lightweight champion KJ Noons on relatively short notice but lost the fight via split decision.
Conor recently fought Magno Almeida on the undercard. Heun displayed amazing submission defense and excellent ground and pound earning him the unanimous decision victory. Almeida caught Conor in a desperate armbar attempt at the buzzer which dislocated Conor's elbow.
Heun faced Ryan Couture at on March 3, 2012. He lost the fight via TKO in the third round.
Personal life.
Heun studied English Literature, Journalism, and Organizational Communications Learning and Design at Ithaca College.

</doc>
<doc id="21514540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514540" title="List of school districts in the Northwest Territories">
List of school districts in the Northwest Territories

This is a list of school districts in the Northwest Territories.
There is also a Montessori School in Yellowknife that does not fall under the above school districts, and the Commission scolaire francophone des Territoires du Nord-Ouest that operates schools in Yellowknife and Hay River.

</doc>
<doc id="21514632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514632" title="The Eternal Idol (disambiguation)">
The Eternal Idol (disambiguation)

The Eternal Idol may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21514641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514641" title="Tom Larson">
Tom Larson

Tom Larson is a retired Boston sportscaster and television host.
Larson came to Boston in after stops in Fulton, Missouri, Bloomington, Illinois, Peoria, Illinois, and Lansing, Michigan. From 1969-1985, Larson worked at WSBK-TV, where he served as a sports anchor, the studio host for Boston Bruins games, postgame host (in 1975 and 1976, and again from 1978 until 1981) for Boston Red Sox games, and the host of The Tom Larson Show, and the station's public affairs director. In 1986, Larson joined the New England Sports Network where he worked as a studio host for Bruins games (1986-1995) and Boston Red Sox games (1995), wrote/produced/and reported for Front Row (1995-2002), and was a play-by-play announcer for college football (1996-2002).
From 1981 to 1988, Tom was also the sports director at WHDH radio, doing sports reports during Jess Cain's morning show.

</doc>
<doc id="21514643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514643" title="Sanju Pass">
Sanju Pass

The Sanju, or Sanju-la, (5,364 m or 17,598 ft) is a mountain pass in the Kun Lun Mountains in Xinjiang, China. It was the last on a series of difficult passes on the most common summer caravan route between Ladakh and the Tarim Basin.
Caravan routes.
The main route led from the Nubra Valley in Ladakh across the ice-covered Sasser Pass (5,411 m or 17,753 ft) and the even higher Karakoram Pass (5,575 m 18,291 ft) and the relatively easy Suget Pass to the staging post at Shahidulla. From there in summer the caravans normally headed north across the Sanju Pass to modern Guma (Pishan) in the Tarim Basin and then either northwest to Karghalik and Yarkand or northeast to Khotan.
After crossing the Sanju, the caravans descended to the village of Sanju from where a good road led 122 miles (196 km) to Yarkand, meeting up with the Kilian route at Bora and the Kilik and Kugiar routes at Karghalik.
From Shahidula to the Tarim Basin the traveller had a choice of three passes, the Kilik (not to be confused with the Kilik Pass leading from the Hunza Valley to the north), the Kilian Pass and the Sanju; but the usual route for caravans in the 19th century was via the Sanju Pass. 
The Kilik Pass was reportedly once frequently used by Balti merchants based in Yarkand and had plenty of fodder and fuel at every stage. It was said to be the easiest and shortest route, but merchants were not allowed to use it for political reasons. Travellers were also often prevented from accessing it for considerable periods during hot weather due to flooding of the Toghra about 9 miles (14 km) below Shahidula. After crossing the pass the route joined the Kugiar route at Beshterek, one day's march south of Karghalik. 
Apparently, the Kilian was previously the most frequented pass, though it was little used in the 19th century except sometimes in the summer. It is higher than the Sanju Pass and also impractical for laden horses, but reportedly not so difficult to cross. The road then descends to the village of Kilian and, after two marches one reached Bora on the road between Sanju and Karghalik. The summit of the pass is always covered with ice and snow and is not practicable for laden ponies - yaks have to be used.
19th-century Kashmiri claim.
During the Dungan revolt or Muslim Rebellion which began in 1862, Eastern Turkestan (modern Xinjiang) became independent of China for almost 15 years. The border between British India and the semi-independent State of Kashmir with Eastern Turkestan became a matter of some speculation. According to some sources, the spine of the eastern Congling (Kuenlun) range formed the southern boundary of Khotan, but although the Maharajah of Kashmir apparently sent a few soldiers to man the abandoned fort at Shahidulla at one point, by the time most sources placed Shahidulla and the upper Karakash River firmly within the territory of East Turkestan (see accompanying map). According to Francis Younghusband, who explored the region in the late 1880s, there was only an abandoned fort and not one inhabited house at Shahidulla when he was there - it was just a convenient staging post and a convenient headquarters for the nomadic Kirghiz. The abandoned fort had apparently been built a few years earlier by the Kashmiris. There is evidence that the Chinese had mined jade in the region at least as early as the Later Han Dynasty and up until the quarries were abandoned during the Muslim Rebellion in 1863-4, just prior to Mr. Johnson's trip in 1865.
Thomas Douglas Forsyth who was entrusted with the task of visiting the Court of Atalik Ghazi pursuant to the visit on 28, March 1870 of the envoy of Atalik Ghazi, Mirza Mohammad Shadi, stated that "it would be very unsafe to define the boundary of Kashmir in the direction of the Karakoram…. Between the Karakoram and the Karakash the high Plateau is perhaps rightly described as rather a no-mans land, but I should say with a tendency to become Kashmir property". 
Two stages beyond Shahidulla, as the route headed for the Sanju Pass, Forsyth’s party crossed the Tughra Su and passed an outpost called Nazr Qurghan. "This is manned by soldiers from Yarkand". In the words of John Lall, "Here we have an early example of coexistence. The Kashmiri and Yarkandi outposts were only two stages apart on either side of the Karakash river..." to the northwest of the Hindutash in the north eastern frontier region of Kashmir. This was the status quo that existed at the time of the mission to Kashgar in 1873-74 by Forsyth. "Elias himself recalled that, following his mission to Kashgar in 1873-74, Sir Douglas Forsyth 'recommended the Maharaja’s boundary to be drawn to the north of the Karakash valley as shown in the map accompanying the mission report'. Whether this was ever done is doubtful. 
The Chinese completed the reconquest of Eastern Turkestan in 1878. Although the Maharajah of Kashmir apparently indicated a wish to reoccupy the fort at Shahidulla in 1885, he was prevented from doing so by the British and so the territory remained under effective Chinese control.
The present situation.
Since the reconquest of the whole region by China in 1878, it has been considered part of Sinkiang (Xinjiang) Province. and has remained so ever since. Shahidulla (Xaidulla) is well to the north of any territories claimed by either India or Pakistan, while the Sanju and Kilian passes are further to the north of Shahidulla. A major Chinese road runs from Kargilik (Yecheng) in the Tarim Basin, south through Shahidulla, and across the disputed Aksai Chin region now controlled by China, but still claimed by India, and into northeastern Tibet (now Xizang Province).

</doc>
<doc id="21514682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514682" title="Alibis and Ammunition">
Alibis and Ammunition

Alibis and Ammunition is the name of a punk rock album released on November 14, 2006, by the band Trashlight Vision, through the independent record label Evo Recordings. "Alibis and Ammunition" was the first album released by the band.

</doc>
<doc id="21514688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514688" title="USS Joyance (SP-72)">
USS Joyance (SP-72)

USS "Joyance" (SP-72) was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.
"Joyance" was built as the private steam yacht "Cavalier" in 1907 by Robert Jacobs at City Island, New York. By the time the U.S. Navy inspected her for possible World War I service—describing her as being of "light construction"—she had been renamed "Joyance". The Navy acquired her in May 1917 and commissioned her on 20 July 1917 as USS "Joyance" (SP-72) with Boatswain Martin Grady, USNRF, in command.
"Joyance" was assigned to the 3rd Naval District as a harbor patrol boat, and operated in New York Harbor and Long Island Sound during World War I.
"Joyance" was decommissioned on 6 May 1919 and sold to Reinhard Hall at Brooklyn, New York, on 5 August 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="21514724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514724" title="Johan de Graeff">
Johan de Graeff

Johan de Graeff (October 29, 1673 in Amsterdam – April 12, 1714) - Lord of the semisouverain Fief Zuid-Polsbroek and Lord of the castle Ilpenstein - was a member of the De Graeff - family from the Dutch Golden Age.
Life.
He was the oldest son of Pieter de Graeff and "Jacoba Bicker", his elder brother was Cornelis de Graeff II., Baron of Purmerland and Ilpendam, and De Graeffs younger sister "Agneta de Graeff", who married to "Jan Baptiste de Hochepied", lives in a City-Palace today called "Kabinet der Koningin".
After his studies at the University of Leiden in the year 1699, he became an advisor and from 1709 to 1714 a member of the vroedschap of the City of Amsterdam.
De Graeff residence at the Herengracht in a house now called Tassenmuseum Hendrikje, at castle Ilpenstein and at "Bronstee", a Countryhouse near Heemstede.
In the year 1709 Johan married Johanna Hooft, they had five children: 
Johan de Graeff has a big art collection including paintings from Rembrandt van Rijn, Gerard Ter Borch and Jacob van Ruisdael. The collection know three very famous pictures, "Catharina Hooft with her Nurse", painted by Frans Hals, "Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph" and "Portrait of Andries de Graeff", both from Rembrandt.

</doc>
<doc id="21514733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514733" title="Shō Hō">
Shō Hō

, also known as Shengfeng, was a king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom. He succeeded Shō Nei, whose reign saw the invasion of Ryūkyū by Japanese forces in 1609 and the subjugation of the kingdom to Satsuma Domain, and ruled from 1621 until 1640.
Shō Hō was the fourth son of Shō Kyū, the third son of King Shō Gen. In 1616, he was appointed "kokushō", a high government position akin to prime minister or chief royal advisor, which would later be replaced with "sessei".
Three years later, Shō Hō was named Prince of Nakagusuku and given Nakagusuku "magiri" as his domain. King Shō Nei died without an heir in 1621, and Shō Hō was selected to succeed him. As the first king to be enthroned since Satsuma's invasion in 1609, formal permission and acknowledgment of the king's authority and legitimacy was required before performing the coronation ceremony, sending heralds to China, and assuming the responsibilities of the throne. In addition, while Shō Hō retained powers related to organization of offices and administration of punishments, along with all the ritual prestige of the throne, Shō Nei was the last king of Ryūkyū to rule personally, directly, and absolutely as monarch. Much of the decisions and behavior of Shō Hō's government were subject to Satsuma's approval.
Relations with China were also strained. At the start of Shō Hō's reign, Okinawan tribute ships were only welcome in Fuzhou once every ten years. The Chinese Imperial Court had reduced the tribute missions to this frequency following the Japanese invasion in 1609, claiming that it was done in consideration of the instability and poverty that the chaos of the invasion must have brought to the kingdom. In fact, these tribute missions, the only legal method of trading with Ming China, were essential to the kingdom's economic prosperity. Therefore, in 1623, when investiture missions were exchanged, the Ryukyuan officials pushed for a return to the system of sending tribute every other year; it was decided that missions would be allowed once every five years.
After a twenty-year reign, Shō Hō died in 1640, and was succeeded by his son, Shō Ken.

</doc>
<doc id="21514759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514759" title="Silahdar Findiklili Mehmed Aga">
Silahdar Findiklili Mehmed Aga

Silahdar Findiklili Mehmed Aga (1658–1723) was a Ottoman historian.
Born in Constantinople (Istanbul), he entered in the service of the Imperial Ottoman Gardens (Hasbahçe) and then as page in the privvy chamber. He raised to higher positions in a short time, serving under sultans Mehmed IV, Suleiman II, Ahmed II, Mustafa II and Ahmed III.
Silahdar wrote history chronicles such as Silahdar Tarihi (The History of Silahdar) and Nusretname (The Book of Victories) recording the events which occurred during his lifetime. Those present both the events in Constantinople (such as the fire of 1660 which destroyed most of the city) but also his experience during the campaigns of Kara Mustafa Pasha and the battle of Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21514786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514786" title="Għar Dalam phase">
Għar Dalam phase

The Għar Dalam phase, from approximately 5000 to 4300 BCE, is the first of the eleven phases of Maltese prehistory. It is named for Għar Dalam, a cave in the Wied id-Dalam, near Birżebbuġa, in the south-west of the island. The first traces of human habitation on the island date to this phase.

</doc>
<doc id="21514787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514787" title="Petersham RUFC">
Petersham RUFC

Petersham Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in the inner west of Sydney, New South Wales. The club, also known as "The Shammies", currently field 5 teams in the 1st Grade Division of the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union competition (Subbies). Petersham RUFC was founded in 1883, making it the oldest surviving suburban rugby club in Australia.
History.
Early years: 1883–1907.
The Sydney rugby institution that is the Petersham Football Club first took to the playing fields in the winter of 1883. At that time, Sydney club rugby was organised on two levels, known simply as Senior and Junior. The Senior club competition had been running since 1874, but Junior contests prior to the mid-1880s were somewhat disorganised. In fact, the Southern Rugby Union only started involving itself in Junior rugby in 1882, and did not get around to establishing a formal competition for Junior clubs until 1886. By that time Petersham had affiliated to the Union, and was a participant in that first official second tier competition.
Over the next few years Junior football continued to grow in popularity, and the new competition had to be regularly expanded to accommodate a rapidly increasing number of clubs. Petersham became entrenched at the top level and contested every First Junior competition from 1886 to 1895, winning it in 1889 and making the semi-finals on four other occasions. During this period the club also boasted an impressive role of Junior representative players and supplied a steady stream of quality footballers to the Senior competition. Two of these, Arthur Braund and Rush Nelson, later went on to play many tests for New South Wales and, in the latter case, Queensland.
By the late 1890s however, the Sydney rugby scene was changing. In 1897 a new body, the Metropolitan Rugby Union, had been formed to oversee the Sydney club competitions. A natural consequence of this was the extinction of a large number of Junior clubs, and indeed by the start of the 1898 season over twenty founding members of the new union, including the entire Fourth Junior competition, had disappeared from its books. Petersham, who had been suffering from a drain of quality players to the Senior competition anyway, was a more significant and probably unintended casualty of this policy.
Fortunately however, the club was strong enough to survive the setback. While most of the Junior clubs disenfranchised by the Metropolitan Rugby Union from 1897 to 1900 simply ceased to exist, a few, including Petersham, continued to play amongst themselves outside the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan and New South Wales Rugby Unions. This competition was formalised in 1901 as the City and Suburban Association, the direct ancestor of modern Subbies rugby. Petersham is the only surviving founding member of that competition - the basis of our claim to be Australia's oldest Subbies club! Petersham played in the new competition from 1901 to 1905, winning it in 1904.
In 1906, Petersham followed the example of previous City and Suburban premiers and switched to the Metropolitan Rugby Union's Borough competition, which had been established in 1902 to counter the threat of the new rebel union. Petersham played in the Borough competition for two years, until it was discontinued at the end of the 1907 season. At this time the club ceased operation for the first time since its inception, and there follows a gap of some years before becoming one of the first Sydney clubs to reform after the Great War. This is the only discontinuity in the history of the club.
Subbies: 1919–1945.
The re-establishment of New South Wales rugby in 1919 saw the New South Wales Rugby Union establish a new combined competition. Petersham rapidly rose to prominence, being promoted to First Grade in 1922. Unfortunately the club's only flirtation with senior rugby was anything but auspicious, with its only two competition points coming from a final round forfeit by Sydney University Football Club. Consequently, Petersham was dropped to Third Grade, which they immediately won, and were subsequently reinstated to the Reserve Grade B competition. The Kentwell Cup had been presented to the winners of this competition for the first time the previous year, and so began Petersham's long association with that coveted trophy.
In 1929, the New South Wales Rugby Union split its competition in two, forming separate District and Non-District competitions. Petersham stayed with the Non-District competition, which was reconstituted in 1933 as the Metropolitan Sub-District Rugby Union. In 1934 Petersham won the Kentwell Cup for the first time, defeating Roseville in the grand final. At this time the New South Wales Rugby Union was looking fill a vacancy in the District competition, and so dominant were the Petersham and Roseville clubs that it was decided whichever of them won the Kentwell Cup in 1935 should be promoted forthwith. Needless to say the pair met in the grand final once more, but this time Roseville took the honours. They subsequently merged with Chatswood and Gordon to form the Gordon District Rugby Club. Petersham remained in Subbies.
Ron McLean patronage: 1946–1992.
After the Second World War, Petersham came under the patronage of the famous and mercurial Ron McLean, a veritable legend of Subbies rugby. Ron first pulled on a boot for Petersham in 1935, and later went on to serve as club president and secretary for a total of 47 years. His contributions to the club were manifest, but probably the most significant was the instigation of the famous Petersham World Tour. Petersham had been a touring club since the 1880s, but in 1966 it became the first club side in world rugby history to actually circle the globe on a football tour. The feat has been repeated on numerous occasions since, and the various touring sides have boasted many prominent New South Wales and Australian representative players.
In 1971, the Sydney Sub-District Rugby Union was established and was reorganised over three divisions. Petersham entered the 1st Division, and in 1972 made the Kentwell Cup grand final for the third time, only to lose it to Hunters Hill. However they made up for it with a win over Lindfield in 1973, then backed up to exact vengeance on the black and white hoops in 1974. This side included many top quality players, and is one of only a small number ever to win back to back Kentwells. At the end of 1974 however, an internal dispute saw many of the dual premiership players leave the club, and within two years Petersham had dropped to 3rd Division. Thus began a long period of exile in the lower divisions. This was a tough time for the club, and ultimately saw it on the verge of extinction. However a century of rugby breeds resilience, and tough times seem to bring out the best in Petersham.
Modern club: 1993 to present.
The 1993 season saw both a committee reshuffle and an influx of new players. Over the next couple of years the club progressed steadily, and eventually found itself back up in 3rd Division in 1996. There followed a period of success, winning the Campbell Cup in 1997, the Farrant and Nicholson Cups in 1999 and the Clark, Farrant and joint Campbell Cups in 2000. The latter year also saw the club win the Keith Harris Shield for the 3rd Division club championship and achieve promotion to 2nd Division.
The sojourn in 2nd Division was not as successful as would have been hoped however, as the club gradually lost its recent momentum and started to slide. The period had its highlights, in particular the establishment of a highly successful U21 Colts team, but overall the club failed to live up to expectations. The adventure ultimately came to an end in 2005 after a disastrous run of injuries and plain old bad luck finally took its toll and saw Petersham relegated back to 3rd Division.
2006 was a much more successful year, with the club returning to winning form. 3rd Grade and 4th Grade both made the finals with the 3rd XV subsequently winning the Campbell Cup over Blue Mountains in one of the biggest grand final upsets of 2006. This was followed in 2007 by Farrant and Nicholson Cups.
2008 was celebrated with Petersham Rugby's 125th anniversary. The multitude of off-field events celebrating the club's historic milestone was manifested with success on field with all four grades showcasing in the 3rd division grand finals in poor weather conditions in Sydney. Petersham won the Farrant and Campbell cups that day, however the entire 5 grades celebrated the history of their club.
The Colours.
The original 19th century colours of the Petersham RUFC are described as "Bismarck and Coral, 4 in. bars".
These colours were used from the club's inception in 1883 up until the disbanding of the Metropolitan Rugby Union Borough Competition at the end of 1907. After the World War I, the club reformed and played initially in Dark Green. This strip was eventually overshadowed by the Myrtle Green of Randwick however, and so when Petersham joined the newly formed New South Wales Rugby Union Non-District Competition in 1929, the colours were changed to the modern "Sky Blue and Maroon, 4 in. bars" in deference to the playing colours of the New South Wales and Queensland Rugby Unions:
Nearly eight decades later, the only other change has been the addition of the famous Waratah flower crest of New South Wales (the only suburban club sanctioned to do so), emblazoned with the club's founding date of 1883.
Premierships.
Petersham has won premierships and club championships across multiple competitions since 1889:
NSW Suburban Rugby Union - 2nd Division
NSW Suburban Rugby Union - 3rd Division
Sydney Sub-District Rugby Union - 3rd Division
Metropolitan Sub-District Rugby Union
New South Wales Rugby Union
City and Suburban Association
Southern Rugby Union
Representative players.
The following Petersham players have been selected for representative honours:
"New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union"
"Sydney Sub-District Rugby Union"
"Metropolitan Sub-District Rugby Union"
"Metropolitan Sub-District Rugby Union Combined Kentwell Cup"
"Southern Rugby Union Combined Junior Competitions"
Player milestones.
300 Games
200 Games
Location.
Training and home games take place at Camperdown Oval, located between Mallett St and Australia St at Camperdown, just south of Parramatta Rd. The nearest train station is Newtown Station, about a 10 minute walk south down Australia St.
Training takes place on Monday and Thursday evenings from 6.30pm. After match and training functions reconvene at sponsor pub The Toxteth Hotel, Glebe.

</doc>
<doc id="21514823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514823" title="Felimare villafranca">
Felimare villafranca

Felimare villafranca is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Description.
This species is usually blue, often quite dark blue in color. The body grows to a length of 40 mm.
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found on the coasts of the Eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea from France, the Bay of Biscay to Morocco, Cape Verde Islands, Canary Islands and the Azores. [http://www.seaslugforum.net/find/hypsvill]

</doc>
<doc id="21514837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514837" title="Hugh II, Count of Empúries">
Hugh II, Count of Empúries

Hugh II ("c". 1035 – 1116) was the Count of Empúries from 1078 until his death. He was the eldest son of Ponç I and Adelaida de Besalú, and succeeded his father in Empúries while his brother, Berenguer, was given the Viscounty of Peralada.
In politics he was on good terms with the other Catalan princes. In 1085, he made an alliance of mutual self-defence with his neighbour, Giselbert II of Roussillon. In 1113–15, he and Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona, took part in an expedition against the Balearics. He was described by the anonymous author of the "Liber maiolichinus" as "Catalanicus heros" (a Catalan hero).
Hugh was involved in several disputes with the diocese of Girona, first with its canons and then with its bishop, Berenguer Guifré, over the tithes collected by the parish church of Santa Maria de Castelló. He made donations to the monastery of Sant Pere de Rodes and made pilgrimages to Santiago de Compostela and the Holy Sepulchre at Jerusalem.
Hugh was married to Sancha, daughter of Ermengol IV of Urgell, which whom he had one child, the heir Ponç II.

</doc>
<doc id="21514856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514856" title="Dennis Cusick">
Dennis Cusick

Dennis Cusick (c. 1800-1824) was a Tuscarora painter from New York and one of the founders of the Iroquois Realist Style of painting.
Biography.
Dennis Cusick was born circa 1800 to the Tuscarora tribe, one of the Six Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy. His father was Nicholas Cusick (1758–1840), a Revolutionary War veteran who had fought with the Indian Rangers. The family lived in Oneida County, New York, but moved to Niagara County, New York, when Nicholas was hired to be an interpreter and assistant to the local missions to the Tuscarora. A missionary Elkanah Holmes wrote that Nicholas promised "to collect materials for making up an account of the present state of the Indians, as well as for a history of the ancient tribes inhabiting the state."
This interest in documenting the lifeways and history of area tribes must have influenced his sons, particularly Dennis' older brother, David Cusick, who wrote and illustrated "Sketches of Ancient History of the Six Nations" in 1828.
In January 1818, Dennis joined the Tuscarora Congregational Church in January 1818. He painted two watercolors to decorate collection boxes for the church. The Congregationalist mission supported a school on the Seneca Reservation at Buffalo Creek, New York.
Dennis died at the age of twenty-four.
Artwork.
James Young, a teacher at the Buffalo Creek school, wrote about Dennis, "in acquiring the arts he has had no instruction except what he has received from copying." Dennis was praised by another teacher, who said he "could draw well, and made his own colors from native woods." He was also praised for his skill in calligraphy, which appears in his paintings.
Two almost identical watercolor paintings were painted by Dennis to adorn collection boxes. "Seneca School House" is dated July 3, 1821, and "Seneca Mission House" is dated April 16, 1822. They both feature the two-storey, log schoolhouse, both with a pitched roof, smoking chimney, and bell tower. To the left is a crowd of traditionally dressed Tuscarora warriors and boys. Tall trees flank the sides of the paintings and birds fly overhead. The later painting is precisely composed and more orderly overall.
A pair of 1821 watercolors features schoolchildren in class. "Seneca School House. July 16, 1821" portrays James Young teaching a crowd of Tuscarora boys. Books, desks, and windows dot the room. Dennis' flair for calligraphy in almost uncanny in its precision, as showcased in Biblical quotes, examples of script on a chalkboard, and minute vocabulary lessons in three languages, pinned on the walls. The "gustoweh" headdresses that adorn the older boys' heads indicate a continued Iroquois identity.
"Seneca Mission House, Nov. 15, 1821" features girls studying in Mrs. James Young's class. Quotes about the nature of work hover over a scene of Tuscarora girls, busy as a variety of spinning wheels, overseen by an elaborately coiffed Mrs. Young at the paintings' left.
Two of Dennis' other paintings survive. Dated March 4, 1822, "Evening Psalm" is a watercolor on paper, signed by the artist. The painting features two Tuscarora warriors – one standing with a bow, the other seated with two firearms – and a Tuscarora woman with a baby resting on her shoulder, tucked inside her robe. The three are flanked by loose, painterly foliage, and a dense tree, in which Dennis scraped the paint away to produce highlights. The background is filled with undulating blue hills, lined with evergreen trees. The narrow slice of sky is filled with a variety of cloud formations, and a minute sun tucked in the far left corner. Details of the figures' faces are minimal. Dennis relies on outlining to define shapes and cross-hatching to provide shadows and mass. Above the scene, the artist wrote a psalm in Seneca and English.
The last painting, "Christening of the Tuscarora Asa Thompson," is unsigned but dated 1821. Attribution is based on style and documentation that accompanied the painting. The watercolor painting features a Tuscarora woman handing her baby to an Iroquois man, wearing a fingerwoven sash, leggings, and moccasins. To his right in the minister, holding a Bible and extending his right hand. Both men have top hats. The background foliage is even more whimsical than that of "Evening Psalm." Swaying trees cover rolling hills around the edges of the scene, but the center of the painting has large unpainted, negative space, providing contrast the figures.
Legacy.
Dennis was one of the Early Iroquois Realists, who included at least five other painters, David Cusick, Thomas Jacobs (either a Tuscarora or Seneca), and anonymous artists of the Cattaraugus Seneca and Oneida tribes. They are known today only by twenty-five surviving paintings. Their work was a departure from previous Iroquois art forms and paved the way for Native Americans to use new materials from the global community to express their contemporary realities. Jesse Cornplanter (Seneca) carried on the realist tradition in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21514863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514863" title="St. Nicholas' Primary School">
St. Nicholas' Primary School

St. Nicholas' or St. Nicholas Primary School may refer to one of a number of schools:

</doc>
<doc id="21514894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514894" title="Paguristes">
Paguristes

Paguristes is a genus of hermit crab in the family Diogenidae. It includes the following species (extinct species are marked with an obelisk):

</doc>
<doc id="21514897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514897" title="Pearl Vasudevi">
Pearl Vasudevi

Pearl Vasudevi (1915–1987) was an early Sri Lankan actress.
Vasudevi was born Pearl Peries in Galle on March 30, 1915 to a Burgher family. She studied at the Good Sheperd Convent in Kotahena and became interested in theatre at a young age. Vasudevi made her debut as an actress in 1930 playing the role of a princess in the play "Aparikshakari Nadu Theenduwa". With her fluency in English, she also secured a leading role in an adaption of "Merchant of Venice".
Vasudevi joined Eddie Master's troupe shortly after acting in the role of Seetha in "Ramayanaya". The dramatist's son Eddie Junior composed the music for the play. Through their work together, Pearl and Eddie Junior would fall in love and got married in 1940.
Vasudevi made her film debut with Eddie Junior in Sirisena Wimalaweera's 1949 movie "Amma". She would subsequently appear in over 150 films including "Sithijaya" with her daughter Sujeewa Lalee.

</doc>
<doc id="21514898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21514898" title="China National Anti-Demolition Home Alliance">
China National Anti-Demolition Home Alliance

China National Anti-Demolition Home Alliance (Chinese: ) was established in New York City in May 2008 by Convenor of the Alliance Wen Weiquan (閔偉權) with "to look into the eviction situation in China". Members include those based in China, including Shanghai and Beijing, as well as overseas Chinese, the organization plans to invite observers from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
The Alliance is preparing a lawsuit, and intend to institute legal proceedings at United Nations Special Court and the International Criminal Court.

</doc>
<doc id="21515064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515064" title="USS Ora (SP-75)">
USS Ora (SP-75)

USS "Ora" (SP-75) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1920.
"Ora" was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1914 by Samuel Gates at Key West, Florida. The U.S. Navy acquired her for World War I service from her owners, I. W. Knight and W. R. Porter, on 11 June 1917 and commissioned her on 13 July 1917 as USS "Ora" (SP-75) with Chief Machinist's Mate Charles B. Sands in command.
Operating in the 7th Naval District during World War I, "Ora" patrolled off Key West in 1918, guarding the port, towing barges in the area, and ferrying boarding officers to various ships to check their identification. Occasionally she sighted foreign ships such as the Peruvian "Penaun" and the Uruguayan gunboat "Montevideo". In 1919 she operated off the Florida Keys, aiding in the location of several sunken barges, delivering messages to ships, and participating in drills and signal practice.
"Ora" was ordered sold on 30 July 1920, but was withdrawn from sale on 16 October 1920. Instead, she was transferred to the United States Department of Agriculture on 6 December 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="21515107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515107" title="Descent from Adam and Eve">
Descent from Adam and Eve

Descent from Adam and Eve is the belief that every human being on Earth is a descendant of Adam and Eve. Some adherents claim to have traced their lineage through generations of descendants back to Adam and Eve.
Claims.
Those claiming to have achieved reaching back to Adam and Eve have supposedly done so through royal family lines, which recorded their descent and kinship, thus serving as "highways" to earlier people. This was possible because they descend from monarchs.
Some claims, supported, for instance, by the Orange Street Congregational Church and British-Israel-World Federation, go that the British Royal Family originates from the kings of Scotland, which come from the kings of Argyleshire, which trace back to the kings of Ireland. Ultimately, according to British Israelism, a portion of the monarchy of Ireland which is linked with those of Britain starts with Tea Tephi, a supposed daughter of Zedekiah, last king of Judah. British Israelists argue that Tea Tephi was taken from Jerusalem to Ireland by the prophet Jeremiah. Once there, British Israelists argue she married Érimón and by him had a child named Íriel Fáid, who became the next High King of Ireland, and was succeeded by his son Ethriel, and so on until the British Royal Family is reached.
Another claim consists of descent from the Viking founder of the Norman dynasty, king Rollo, who married into certain European royalty which had lines tracing back to Joseph of Arimathea and, ultimately, to Adam and Eve.
Authenticity.
Much of such genealogies are filled with gaps that are only covered by legend, speculation, guesswork, tradition, and dubious interpretations of the Bible.
When asked if it is possible for contemporary people to extend ancestral lines back to Adam and Eve, Robert C. Gunderson, of the Genealogical Department of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, stated:
Additionally, the existence of the legendary Tea Tephi is also in question.

</doc>
<doc id="21515116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515116" title="Zubeida Begum">
Zubeida Begum

Zubeida Begum (not to be confused with the silent film actress Zubeida) (1926 - 26 January 1952) was an Indian film actress. She was the biological daughter of Shri Kasembhai Mehta, a Bohra Muslim businessman, and Faiza Bai, a renowned Muslim singer in Bombay. Though a Muslim by birth, she converted according to Arya Samaj rites upon her marriage to Maharaja Hanwant Singh of Jodhpur, on 17 December 1950, in Bombay, and took on the name Vidya Rani and moved to Jodhpur. From this marriage, she had a son, Rao Raja Hukum Singh (Tutu Bana) born in Bombay on 2 August 1951.
She also had a son from her first marriage, Khalid Mohamed, a film critic, who wrote the screenplay for the film "Zubeidaa" (2001), directed by Shyam Benegal, loosely based on her life. She was killed with her husband in an airplane accident on 26 January 1952 at Godwar, Rajasthan.
After her death, her son Tutu was brought up by Rajmata of Jodhpur, later went to study Mayo College in Ajmer. He married Rao Rani Rajeshwari Kumari, daughter Rao Raja Daljit Singh, of Alwar. The couple had one son, Parikshit Singh (b. 1974) and one daughter, Jainandini Kanwar (b. 1975). However, on April 17, 1981, he was beheaded and found on the streets of Jodhpur. 
In 2011, wreckage of the aircraft, Beechcraft Bonanza, a light six-seater aircraft, was discovered inside Jodhpur Central Jail. Subsequently, in 2012, the Mehrangarh Fort Museum founded in 1972 by Maharaja Gaj Singh, formally asked the jail to transfer the wreckage to the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21515190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515190" title="Judson Dwight Collins">
Judson Dwight Collins

Rev. Judson Dwight Collins (; Pinyin: "Kēlín"; Foochow Romanized: "Kŏ̤-lìng"; February 12, 1823 - May 13, 1852) was the first Methodist missionary to China.
Life.
On February 12, 1823, Judson Dwight Collins was born into a Methodist family in Rose, Wayne County, New York. His parents, Alpheus and Betsay Collins, were of English and German origin. After graduation from the first class of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor in 1845, Collins served as an instructor for two years at the Wesleyan Seminary at Albion College, teaching courses in Latin, Greek, chemistry, botany, and rhetoric.
In 1847, Collins was called to New York, where he was ordained an elder and commissioned along with M. C. White and his wife to China. They sailed from Boston on April 15 and reached Foochow on September 6. To start an opening for the missionary work, Collins set up a school for boys in 1847 and another in 1848. He also worked with M. C. White on Bible translation and distribution of tracts. In 1850, he was appointed superintendent of the Foochow Mission.
Collins' short tenure in China was fraught with impediments and obstacles, including the strong Chinese xenophobia, the formidable language barrier, the poor sanitation and bad living conditions, and finally an illness that compelled him to return home to Michigan in 1851. He never regained his health afterwards, and at just 29 years of age, he died at his parents' home at Gregory, Lyndon Township, Washtenaw County, Michigan, where he is buried, May 1852, leaving no children.

</doc>
<doc id="21515207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515207" title="United States Border Patrol interior checkpoints">
United States Border Patrol interior checkpoints

The United States Border Patrol operates 71 traffic checkpoints, including 32 permanent traffic checkpoints, near the southern border of the United States. The primary purpose of these inspection stations is to deter illegal immigration and smuggling activities. After the September 11 attacks in 2001, they apparently took on the additional role of terrorism deterrence. These checkpoints are located between 25 and 75 miles of the Mexico – United States border along major U.S. highways. Their situation at interior locations allow them to deter illegal activities that may have bypassed official border crossings along the frontier. The checkpoints are divided among nine Border Patrol sectors.
There are a number of Border Patrol checkpoints in the northern states (such as New York or Maine), within 100 miles from the Canadian border.
Role of checkpoints.
The checkpoints are described as "the third layer in the Border Patrol's three-layer strategy", following "line watch" and "roving patrol" operations near the border. According to the U.S. General Accounting Office, "Border Patrol agents at checkpoints have legal authority that agents do not have when patrolling areas away from the border. The United States Supreme Court ruled that Border Patrol agents may stop a vehicle at fixed checkpoints for brief questioning of its occupants even if there is no reason to believe that the particular vehicle contains illegal aliens. The Court further held that Border Patrol agents "have wide discretion" to refer motorists selectively to a secondary inspection area for additional brief questioning. In contrast, the Supreme Court held that Border Patrol agents on roving patrol may stop a vehicle only if they have reasonable suspicion that the vehicle contains aliens who may be illegally in the United States—a higher threshold for stopping and questioning motorists than at checkpoints. The constitutional threshold for searching a vehicle is the same, however, and must be supported by either consent or probable cause, whether in the context of a roving patrol or a checkpoint search."
Documentation at checkpoint.
U.S. citizens are not required to carry their passports within the borders of the U.S. If you are not a U.S. citizen, you must provide proof of your lawful status in the U.S. to immigration officials upon request.
Tactical checkpoints.
In fiscal year 2008 thirty-nine tactical checkpoints were in operation. Tactical checkpoints lack permanent buildings, and "support permanent checkpoints by monitoring and inspecting traffic on secondary roads that the Border Patrol determined are likely to be used by individuals in the country illegally or smugglers to evade apprehension at permanent checkpoints." A tactical checkpoint might consist of vehicles, traffic cones, signs, a portable water supply, a cage for canines (if deployed), and portable rest facilities.
Due to Congressional restrictions against the funding of permanent checkpoints in the Tucson sector, all of its checkpoints are tactical checkpoints. These were required to relocate every seven days, amended to every 14 days in 2005. Due to the need for road shoulder space and restrictions on placing checkpoints near curves, the number of sites is limited, and the relocation in practice means that checkpoints are periodically shut down. In 2005, the median tactical checkpoint nationally was active for 2 hours daily, as opposed to over 23 hours daily for permanent checkpoints; however the Tucson sector's checkpoint on Highway 19 was active 22 hours daily. A draft plan for the I-19 checkpoint in 2009 proposed to model it on the largest previous permanent checkpoint, the I-35 checkpoint north of Laredo, Texas, but would surpass it in size (18 acres) and inspection lanes (8 primary, 7 secondary). A number of community concerns were addressed, such as placement of canopies for dark sky restrictions for a local observatory, off-highway location, rumble strips, signage, and mitigation of traffic congestion. A community recommendation to "seek to mitigate noise" was to be "researched and considered".
Effectiveness and criticisms.
Benefits.
The fairly comprehensive and aforementioned GAO report entitled BORDER PATROL assigns mixed success to border checkpoints. Positive results include the apprehension of nearly 17,000 people in the country illegally at interior checkpoints in 2008. The report further states that, “More than 705,000 total Border Patrol apprehensions along the southwest border in fiscal year 2008.” The Border Patrol also “encountered 530 aliens from special interest countries, which are countries the Department of State has determined to represent a potential terrorist threat to the United States.” There were also over 3,500 drug seizures at all southwest border checkpoints combined in 2008.
Changes in 2008.
Staffing levels were substantially increased in 2008. The Laredo sector, for instance, increased its number of agents from 1200 in 2007 to approximately 1636 in 2008. Upgraded infrastructure and technology increased deterrence and detection capability in the Laredo sector. Additions include cameras, license plate readers, and vehicle and cargo inspection systems (VACIS). Laredo also implemented a prosecution initiative in 2008. Named Operation Streamline, the goal was "to prosecute and remove all violators charged with illegal entry in target areas in the sector."
Shortcomings.
A shortcoming cited by the same GAO report were the inaccuracies represented by the report’s title. The report states, “Our analysis showed that the actual checkpoint performance results were incorrectly reported for two of the three measures in fiscal year 2007 and for one measure in fiscal year 2008. As a result, the Border Patrol incorrectly reported that it met its checkpoint performance targets for these two measures.”
An analysis of the aforementioned GAO report criticized Border Patrol for its ineffective non-border checkpoints vs. actual border crossings. It stated, “There were 704,000 interdictions at actual border crossings in 2008; however, there were only 17,000 interdictions at internal non-border checkpoints. This 17,000 figure represents 2.4% of interdictions, but it took 4% of agents to accomplish this goal.” The analysis further states regarding the Tucson sector that, “Actual border interdictions numbered 320,000, but internal non-border checkpoint interdictions numbered 1,800. This means the number of interdictions per agent at the actual border was 116, but the number of interdicitons per agent at internal non-border checkpoints was only 8.” The analysis finally questions why the stated goal of DHS “is to detect and apprehend 30% of major illegal activity the border." It asked why 70% of illegal activity is conceded at the actual border.
Some residents of Arivaca, Arizona, have stated they are regularly subjected to harassment, delays, searches, and racial profiling at the internal checkpoint near their community. They questioned the effectiveness of the checkpoint, and began monitoring it in 2014 to determine its effectiveness.
Internal checkpoints have also been criticized for violating the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution which prohibits "unreasonable searches and seizures", although "The United States v. Martinez-Fuerte" has affirmed their constitutionality. The U.S. Border Patrol has stated: "although motorists are not legally required to answer the questions ‘are you a U.S. citizen and where are you headed,’ they will not be allowed to proceed until the inspecting agent is satisfied that the occupants of vehicles traveling through the checkpoint are legally present in the U.S."

</doc>
<doc id="21515232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515232" title="Russell Stover">
Russell Stover

Russell Stover (May 6, 1888 – May 11, 1954) was an American chemist and entrepreneur, and the founder of Russell Stover Candies.
Early life.
Russell William Stover was born in a sod house south of Alton, Kansas, in Osborne County, Kansas, one of three children of John and Sarah Stover. His mother died when he was young and the family moved to Iowa City, Iowa, where he attended Iowa City Academy and Iowa State University where he studied chemistry. He then became a salesman in Chicago, first for a candy company, and then for a tobacco company
In 1911 Stover married Clara Mae Lewis, whom he had met at the Iowa City Academy, and they moved to a farm in Saskatchewan, Canada, which they received as a wedding gift. On the farm, they raised growing wheat and flax, but after a year they considered the venture to have been a failure, and in 1912 they moved to Winnipeg.
Stover then re-entered the candy industry. He first went to work for a Minnesota candy company and then for the A. G. Morris Candy Company in Chicago. In 1918 the couple moved to Des Moines, where Stover worked for the Irwin Candy Company, and then they moved to Omaha, Nebraska.
Eskimo Pie.
On July 31, 1921, Christian Nelson of Onawa, Iowa, pitched the concept of mass-producing a chocolate covered ice cream treat called the I-Scream Bar to Russell Stover. Seven companies had previously rejected the idea because the confection easily melted away.
Stover went into partnership with Nelson and their agreement was signed on the letterhead of the Graham Ice Cream Company of Omaha. Stover renamed the I-Scream Bar to Eskimo Pie and took out the stick to make it a sandwich. Stover has also been credited, through his knowledge of chemistry, with devising the formula for the chocolate shell that hardens on exposure to cold and holds the ice cream contents within. Nelson patented the confection on January 24, 1922.
The Eskimo Pie immediately became so successful that the factory couldn't keep up with demand and the company licensed the formula to 1,500 manufacturers in exchange for a royalty of one cent per dozen sold. The treat was marketed under the brand of Russell Stover Company and by April 1922 "The New York Times" stated that the partners had received US$30,000 a week in royalties in the first year.
Following upon the success of the Eskimo Pie, competing manufacturers soon came up with similar but different processes for making frozen ice cream pies, and at one point Stover and Nelson were paying $4,000 per day in legal fees to defend their patent, a battle which they ultimately lost.
Russell Stover Candies.
In 1924, the Russell Stover sold his share of the Eskimo Pie company for $30,000 and moved to Denver, Colorado, where he and his wife started a new company, "Mrs. Stover's Bungalow Candies," which operated out of Clara Stover's kitchen in their bungalow, making boxed chocolates.
In 1925 the couple opened a candy factory in Denver and another one in Kansas City, Missouri. In 1931 the company moved its headquarters to Kansas City.
During the 1940s, the name of the company was officially changed to Russell Stover Candies.
When Russell Stover died in 1954, the company that bore his name was producing 11 million pounds of candy annually, and selling its products through 40 Russell Stover shops and in about 2,000 department stores.
Clara Stover operated the company until 1960, when it was sold to Louis Ward, who took the regional brand into national and international markets.
The Ward family still owns the Russell Stover brand, along with the Whitman's and Pangburn's brands of chocolates, and thus retains the commercial use of Russell Stover's name.

</doc>
<doc id="21515235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515235" title="Ancient to the Future">
Ancient to the Future

Ancient to the Future: Dreaming of the Masters Series Vol. 1 is a 1987 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with Bahnamous Lee Bowie guesting .
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick describes the album as "Considered by some to be the Art Ensemble's "pop" record, this album is also one of the very best from the latter portion of their career".

</doc>
<doc id="21515247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515247" title="The Biggest Loser (Netherlands TV series)">
The Biggest Loser (Netherlands TV series)

De Afvallers (literal translation: The Slimmers) is a Dutch reality television series which first premiered on SBS 6. The series is a spin-off of the American reality television series "The Biggest Loser" and the SBS 6 weight-loss series "Big Diet", which was canceled after two seasons due to low ratings.
Format.
Over the course of three months, four families must lose as much weight as possible, with the winning family receiving a vacation to a distant destination (Brazil or South Africa). The show attempts to address not only weight problems, but also the psychological problems and life style changes. The participating families have a trainer to guide them through the process.
Seasons.
Season 1.
"First aired 31 August 2005
Season 2.
"First aired 8 March 2006
Season 3.
"First aired 13 September 2006
The van Boxtel family from Tilburg won the final. The children, Niels and Narda, will appear in the new movie ZOOP in South America.
Season 4.
"First aired 21 February 2007
Season 5.
"First aired November 2007
"First aired 13 February 2007
"First aired 20 February 2007
"First aired 27 February 2007
"First aired 5 March 2007
"First aired 12 March 2007
"First aired 19 March 2007
"First aired 2 April 2007
"First aired 9 April 2007
"First aired 16 April 2007
"First aired 23 April 2007
"First aired 30 April 2007
"First aired 7 May 2007

</doc>
<doc id="21515260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515260" title="Pedro Weingärtner">
Pedro Weingärtner

Pedro Weingärtner (26 July 1853 – 26 December 1929) was an important Academic painter of Brazil, and the first artist born in Rio Grande do Sul to win international praise for his work.
Born in Porto Alegre, to a family of German immigrants, he began his artistic career as an amateur, helped by his brother Inácio, who was a lithographer, and possibly also by painter Delfim da Câmara. Anyway, in 1878 he moved to Germany in order to study in the Grossherrzoglisch Badische Kunstschule, in Karlsruhe. There he became a pupil of Ferdinand Keller, Theodor Poeckh and Ernst Hildebrand. In 1880 Keller moved to Berlin, being followed by Weingärtner, who then enrolled in the local Academy. 
In 1882 he left Germany for France, studying in the Académie Julian under Tony Robert-Fleury and William-Adolphe Bouguereau. Wrecked by financial issues, he thought of abandoning his studies, but such situation was reverted by supportive friends, including Baron of Itajubá, who got for him a special scholarship from Emperor Pedro II upon Bouguereau's advice. Then he could further his education in Rome.
Thereafter for many years he divided his time between Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre and Rome, traveling very often and being celebrated as one of the most important Brazilian painters of his generation. In Rio Grande do Sul he was a star. In 1920 he was back in Porto Alegre, where the remained until death. His fame declined from 1925 on, facing competition from new painters and changing tastes in local art.
He devoted all his efforts to a half-Realist half-Romantic approach to Academicism even while such styles were already being severely challenged by Modern tendencies. Major themes in his work were mythological scenes, landscapes and genre paintings focusing mainly immigrants and the gaucho, the folk type of Rio Grande do Sul people.

</doc>
<doc id="21515354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515354" title="With Arrows, with Poise">
With Arrows, with Poise

With Arrows, With Poise is the second and final studio 
album from indie rock band The Myriad. It was released on May 13, 2008 through Koch Records. The album was mastered at Abbey Road Studios in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21515383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515383" title="Wakefield Park (disambiguation)">
Wakefield Park (disambiguation)

Wakefield Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21515407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515407" title="Temple Israel Cemetery">
Temple Israel Cemetery

Temple Israel Cemetery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21515413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515413" title="Tuscola–Pisgah rivalry">
Tuscola–Pisgah rivalry

The Tuscola–Pisgah rivalry, also referred to as the Pisgah–Tuscola rivalry, the Haywood County Championship Game, the Iron Bowl, the Battle for Haywood, the Paper Bowl, and the County Clash is one of the best known and fiercest high school football rivalries in the southeastern United States. It has also been named the best high school rivalry in the state of North Carolina by USA TODAY. It typically draws between 10,000 and 15,000 fans per year. The intensity of the rivalry is caused by the fact that these are the only two high school football teams in Haywood County, North Carolina and are located less than 9 miles apart. Tuscola High School is located on a hill in Waynesville, NC that houses students from the western part of the county, primarily Waynesville, Maggie Valley, Crabtree, Fines Creek, Jonathan Creek, and western portions of Clyde. Pisgah High School is located on the banks of the Pigeon River in Canton, NC and houses students from the eastern part of the county, primarily Canton, Beaverdam, Bethel, Cruso, and eastern Clyde.
History of the Rivalry.
Pisgah Dominates Early Years (1966-1971).
The rivalry started prior to 1966 when the now defunct Waynesville Township High School Mountaineers and Canton High School Black Bears would meet in an intense battle. The intensity only grew when the county consolidated all of Haywood County's high schools into two in 1966. The first "Haywood County Championship" game between the new schools took place on September 23, 1966. Pisgah got off to an impressive start in the series, winning the first seven meetings. 
Rivalry Becomes More Competitive as Tuscola Rises (1972-1977).
During this period, the two teams won 3 games each and tied once. Tuscola won its first game in the series on November 17, 1972 when the Mountaineers got revenge on the Black Bears in the NCHSAA State Playoffs and went on to take the 1972 State Championship title. Tuscola would win the next two meetings before a 1974 playoff meeting ended in a tie. Since overtime was not yet included in NCHSAA rules, Pisgah was allowed to advance based on total yardage in the game. Following the 1974 tie, Pisgah went on to answer Tuscola's 3-game winning streak with 3 wins of their own.
Tuscola Wins 10 Straight (1978-1987).
Tuscola was not content with its 3–10–1 series record and defeated the Bears every year for an entire decade, a winning streak which still holds the record as the longest in series history. By the time Tuscola finished its 10 year winning streak, the Mountaineers held the series lead 13–10–1. Tuscola has not trailed in the series since their 20–6 win over Pisgah in 1985, though the series has been tied a number of times. 
Rivalry Balances Out (1988-2006).
Pisgah finally put Tuscola's winning streak to an end with a 19-0 shutout of the Mountaineers on November 4, 1988. As the rivalry game moved into the 1990s, the series became more balanced with Tuscola winning 1989-1990, Pisgah winning 1991–1993, Tuscola winning 1994–1995, Pisgah winning 1996, Tuscola winning 1997, and Pisgah winning 1998–1999. Since the turn of the millennium in 2000, the series has been the most balanced it has ever been. In a Friday the 13th match up that Tuscola fans dubbed "Nightmare on Pisgah Street", Tuscola won the first meeting of the new millennium 23–21 on October 13, 2000. From 2001–2006, the series went in pairs with Pisgah winning 2001 and 2002, Tuscola winning 2003 and 2004, and Pisgah winning 2005 and 2006. Pisgah's 56-10 beat down of Tuscola in 2006 was the largest margin of victory by any team in series history.
Tuscola Dominates Late 2000's, Early 2010's (2007-2012).
After the most humiliating loss in the rivalry's history, Tuscola surged back in 2007 and shocked the Black Bears 22-6 en route to the first three-peat by either team in the rivalry since the early '90s. Tuscola won 5 out of 6 meetings during this period.
The 2008 game was the first to be played on an artificial turf surface, and was the first game of any kind ever played on Pisgah's artificial turf. Tuscola hung up a banner and printed shirts that read "Breaking in Your Turf- Mountaineer Style" before fulfilling their promise by defeating the Bears 28–10. In October 2009, the game returned to conference play as both teams joined the NCHSAA's 2A/3A split WNC Athletic Conference (Pisgah remained 2A and Tuscola remained 3A). Since 2009, the game has been given national attention by the Great American Rivalry Series which is sponsored by the United States Marines. Online audio and video broadcasts have been made available nationwide by iHigh and a player from each team receives a scholarship. In 2009, Tuscola quarterback Tyler Brosius received the MVP award, and the Tuscola team received a trophy for winning the game 41–10.
In 2010, Pisgah's Matthew Inman received the MVP award after returning a blocked fieldgoal 81 yards for a touchdown as time expired in the first half- swinging the game's momentum in Pisgah's favor- ultimately winning the trophy for the Bears. In 2012, the rivalry game went into overtime for the first time in history with the Mountaineers winning 24-21 on a field goal by Logan Lambert. The MVP award went to Tuscola's Bryce Myers who returned a kickoff for a touchdown to swing the game in the Mountaineers' favor before halftime.
Rivalry Stakes Increase as Pisgah Moves Up to 3A (2013-Present).
While the stakes in the rivalry increased once before when Tuscola and Pisgah joined the 2A/3A split WNCAC in 2009, even more was put on the line when it was announced that Pisgah would join Tuscola in the 3A classification for the 2013-2017 realignment. For the first time in many years, the rivalry not only affects conference title hopes, but also state title hopes (as the two teams are now eligible to meet each other in the NCHSAA playoffs).
On October 18, 2013, the two schools met for the 50th time. Pisgah made a huge statement in their first year as a 3A school by beating Tuscola 27-7 in their first win at C.E. Weatherby Stadium since 2005. Senior quarterback McKinley Brown received the MVP award.
Scores (1966–present).
 
Fan support.
The Haywood County Championship game draws crowds of between 10,000 and 15,000 fans per year. Both stadiums, which have capacities that are among the top in the state are completely packed out with standing room only. Dedicated fans are known to arrive as early as 3:00 in the afternoon. Fans from both schools, often seen arriving at the games in the back of pickup trucks waving school flags, dress decked out in school colors and have become notorious for hanging the other team's mascot on nooses.
Vandalism.
As is a part of many fierce rivalries, vandalism has also been a part of the Tuscola–Pisgah rivalry. Pisgah fans became notorious for spray painting the water tower and sidewalks on Tuscola hill, while Tuscola fans have bleached the grass and torn up the field at Pisgah. To counteract vandalism, security at the schools has been increased around the time of the rivalry and Tuscola's water tower that was once painted gold with a Mountaineer logo (and plenty of graffiti) has been painted hunter green in order to camouflage it. Despite these efforts, vandalism has continued to plague the rivalry- most recently in 2007 when graffiti was found spray painted on the Tuscola High School field house.

</doc>
<doc id="21515418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515418" title="Anatoly Pozdnyakov">
Anatoly Pozdnyakov

Anatoly Pozdnyakov (died 17 September 2001) was a Russian general, alternatively identified as a Lieutenant General and Major General,
and aide to Chief of the General Staff Anatoly Kvashnin.
Death.
Pozdnyakov was killed on 17 September 2001 when e a surface-to-air-missile downed his Mil Mi-8 helicopter in Chechnya ("see 2001 Grozny Mi-8 crash").
Official reports concluded that the attack on the helicopter was orchestrated by members of a Chechen terorist group specialized in targeting high-ranking Russian military personnel.
Journalist Anna Politkovskaya, however, claimed that Pozdnyakov was assassinated by members of the Russian military.
Pozdnyakov headed a General Staff "inspection team"
and, according to Politkovskaya, communicated to her in an interview shortly before his death
that he had been tasked by President Vladimir Putin to investigate and report on "military crimes".
In "A Small Corner of Hell: Dispatches from Chechnya", Politkovskaya wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="21515428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515428" title="Miguel Ángel Loayza">
Miguel Ángel Loayza

Miguel Ángel Loayza Ríos (born 21 June 1940 in Lima) is a retired football midfielder from Peru. He played for several clubs, notably Argentine clubs Huracán, Boca Juniors and River Plate as well as Colombian club Deportivo Cali. He was famous for his short passing, creativity and excellent dribbling ability, nicknamed "El Maestrito" ("The Teacher small") in Argentina and "El Mago" ("The magician") in Colombia.
Playing career.
He made his debut for Ciclista Lima in June 1957 and quickly demonstrated his talent. He participated with Peru in the Copa America 1959 making a strong performance with 5 goals in 6 matches. On May 17, 1959 Loayza was part of the Peru national team which demolished to England 4-1 in Lima. 
After a successful career in Peru he left his homeland at 19 years of age, to play for Spanish club FC Barcelona, he would not return to play in Peru. He was not able to adapt to European football and Loayza moved on to Argentina to play with Boca Juniors, where he played 3 seasons. He won an Argentine League in 1962. 
Loayza also played for a number of other clubs in Argentina including Club Atlético Huracán, Rosario Central and Boca Juniors fiercest rivals River Plate.
In 1969 he joined Deportivo Cali where he was part of the team that won 2 Mustang Cup (1969, 1970) and remains one of their most iconic players.

</doc>
<doc id="21515445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515445" title="The Greater Good (House)">
The Greater Good (House)

"The Greater Good" is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of "House" and the hundredth episode overall. It aired on February 2, 2009.
Plot.
House and the team take on the case of a woman called Dayna Miller who collapsed in the middle of a cooking class. When they learn that Dayna gave up her career as a highly renowned cancer researcher in order to pursue her own personal happiness, the members of the team question their own happiness (or lack thereof). Dayna's belly fills with blood, which turns out to be from her liver. She also develops an itch on her temple. She scratches it even in her sleep. She's scratched through her skull and brain matter starts to ooze out of it. She also starts experiencing spinal shocks. A scan reveals masses in her lungs, spine and pericardium. Later, her heart also stops and she bleeds into her pericardium. They relieve the blood from her heart, but she bleeds out of her nose, mouth, ears and eyes. While talking to Cuddy, House realizes Dayna is menstruating as well as bleeding out, indicating that it's not a coincidence. He proposes that during the surgery for her myoma, endometrial cells were dispersed into the bloodstream. These cells attached to various organs, multiplied, and after reaching a critical mass, began bleeding during her menstruation. The team successfully treats Dayna's endometriosis by cutting out the small masses of endometrium.
Cuddy retaliates against House for making Cameron quit as Dean of Medicine and therefore making Cuddy have to leave Rachel to work. She gives him a taste of his own medicine, which includes stealing his cane. After he starts to get hurt, Wilson talks to Cuddy and convinces her to stop and she returns his cane as a gesture of peace. 
Meanwhile, Thirteen begins to suffer serious and life-threatening reactions to her experimental Huntington's Disease clinical drug trial, becoming blind due to a brain tumor. House and Foreman successfully treat her with radiation, getting rid of the brain tumor, but Foreman faces a moral crisis of whether or not he should inform the drug company and risk losing his medical license. At the end of the episode, Foreman reveals to the clinical trial heads his tampering with trial data. Fortunately, the group does not suspend his medical license; he is simply forbidden from other clinical trials.
The closing montage shows Taub and his wife discussing children amicably, Foreman and Thirteen in bed happily, and Wilson washing a cup with Amber's lipstick print, indicating his willingness to move on.

</doc>
<doc id="21515449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515449" title="NCAA Lacrosse Championship">
NCAA Lacrosse Championship

NCAA Lacrosse Championship may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21515482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515482" title="Altai wapiti">
Altai wapiti

The Altai wapiti is a subspecies of "Cervus canadensis" (named "elk" or "wapiti" in North America) found in the forest hills of Southern Siberia, Northwestern Mongolia, and Northern Xinjiang province of China. It is different from the Tian Shan Wapiti in being smaller and paler in color.
It has also been classified as "Cervus elaphus sibirica", and is also known as the Altai maral, central maral deer, Siberian red deer, and Maral.

</doc>
<doc id="21515493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515493" title="Western Rail Road">
Western Rail Road

The Western Rail Road is a shortline railroad owned by Cemex that connects a Cemex quarry and cement plant at Dittlinger, Texas (just south of New Braunfels), to the Austin Subdivision of the Union Pacific Railroad (UP). The company was incorporated in March 1974 as the PB Railroad, and the present name was adopted in September 1975. The line was completed by the end of 1976, connecting the quarry and plant to the parallel Missouri Pacific Railroad and Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad lines (now both UP).

</doc>
<doc id="21515498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515498" title="1988–89 UE Lleida season">
1988–89 UE Lleida season

This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1988-1989 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21515521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515521" title="Poggenpohl">
Poggenpohl

Poggenpohl is the German branch of the Swedish corporation Nobia specializing in kitchen cabinets. In Germany the facilities are located in Herford, Germany. "Poggenpohl Möbelwerke" claims to be the oldest kitchen brand in the world and one of the leading international brand names in kitchen design, known in more than 70 countries worldwide. 1993's "Foundations of Corporate Success" describes it along with the luxurious manufacturer Bulthaup as dominant in "the high quality mass-production furniture sector."
History.
In 1892, the brand Poggenpohl was established as a white lacquer furniture company founded by Freidemir Poggenpohl. Poggenpohl was successful with introducing ergonomic work-top heights, and storage innovations aimed at improving the kitchen. In 1923, Poggenpohl introduced a free-standing commodious cupboard called "The Ideal" which was also adopted by American cabinet manufacturer Kitchen Maid. The Poggenpohl cupboard was the forerunner of "The Fitted Kitchen" in the "Era of the Commodious Cupboard". The company continued to create new products and techniques; in 1928, it introduced the reform kitchen, a significant innovation in the industry, and in 1930, it created the 'ten-layer polished lacquer technique'.
In 1950, Poggenpohl was again an industry forerunner, as it launched the first unit kitchen, which has become the kitchen industry standard. These kitchens, created in response to what Poggenpohl saw as a desire for the modern in its customer base, offered a continuous counter-top workspace and wall units that matched. As the product line evolved, they replaced the traditional wooden knob handles of the cabinetry with inset "strip" laminate handles.
In 1970, Poggenpohl authorizes its first dealer in the United States, in Barrington, NJ. AV Kitchens (or AV Poggenpohl Studio) directly imports kitchens from Poggenpohl AG for more than two decades under the auspices of dealer president Stephen Rabinowitz, in cooperation with Poggenpohl AG Chief Executive Herr Ludwig. In 1986, Poggenpohl USA is formed in Allandale, NJ as an arm of the manufacturer in the United States, intended to facilitate communications and logistics of U.S.-based orders into German manufacturing facilities.
In 2004, Poggenpohl introduced the first technology kitchen with entertainment and smart home technology, and in 2007, Poggenpohl introduced the first product brand kitchen with Porsche Design implementing the P'7340 - Porsche Design Kitchen.
Achievements.
Poggenpohl ranks first among German kitchen manufacturers - According to a survey undertaken by the Munich brand agency "Brand Rating" on behalf of the journal "Wirtschaftswoche". Detailed in this survey are the Top 30 German manufacturers of luxury goods - Poggenpohl is an illustrious company, on par with Germany's most prestigious name brands, like A. Lange & Söhne, Maybach, Glashütte and Porsche. 
http://www.brand-rating.de/cms/images/publikationen/dl/Luxusmarken_Ergebnisse_Hintergrund_24.08.2009.pdf
After being placed at the top of German luxury kitchen brands, premium kitchen manufacturer Poggenpohl from Herford, Westphalia, is the only German kitchen brand to be included in the standard work's ‘Brands of the Century’ by Publisher Dr. Florian Langenscheidt. 
http://www.marken-des-jahrhunderts.de

</doc>
<doc id="21515541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515541" title="Eric Reid (television announcer)">
Eric Reid (television announcer)

Eric Reid is the television play-by-play announcer for the Miami Heat and college football on Sun Sports.
Reid has been with the Heat since the team's inaugural season. He was the Heat's color analyst for three seasons before taking over play-by-play duties in 1991, and has been their play-by-play announcer ever since. He has shared the broadcast booth with analysts including Dr. Jack Ramsay, Dave Wohl, Ed Pinckney, Mike Fratello, and Tony Fiorentino.
Reid's broadcast career began at WHCU radio in Ithaca, New York where he was the station's sports director and the radio play-by-play voice for Cornell University football, basketball, and lacrosse.
Prior to joining the Heat, Reid was the radio voice of Providence College from 1982 to 1988. He has also called basketball games for ESPN Plus and the University of South Florida, and football games for ESPN Plus, New England Sports Network, Brown University, the University of Miami, and the University of South Florida.
While at NESN, Reid also hosted the pre- and post-game shows for the Boston Red Sox, did play-by-play for the Pawtucket Red Sox, and was also the host and writer for the syndicated weekly television show, "This Week in the Big East."
In 1990, Reid called the NCAA Lacrosse Championships for ESPN.
In 2013, Reid won an Emmy for best play-by-play announcer in his 25th season calling action for the Heat. 
Reid is a 1979 graduate of Ithaca College and a native of Massapequa, New York. He currently resides in Boca Raton, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21515570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515570" title="Union County High School (Kentucky)">
Union County High School (Kentucky)

Union County High School is a secondary school located at 4464 US Highway 60 West just outside the city of Morganfield, Kentucky. It is part of the Union County Public Schools district located in Union County, Kentucky. The school opened in 1964 following the consolidation of Morganfield, Sturgis and in 1967, Morganfield St Vincent. It is now responsible for teaching approx. 700 students and is currently expanding its curriculum. The school experienced its highest academic gain ever in the 2008-2009 round of KCCT testing, this change set a recorded in the state for the Highest Academic Gain Ever.
Athletics.
The Union County Braves and Bravettes compete in these sports:
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Wrestling, Basketball, Soccer, Golf, Track, Tennis & Baseball

</doc>
<doc id="21515572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515572" title="Catmon, Bulacan">
Catmon, Bulacan

Catmon (PSGC: 031423006) is one of the twenty-four barangays comprising the municipality of Santa Maria, Bulacan, in the Philippines. 
Geography.
Area and Location.
Catmon is the 2nd largest barangay in Santa Maria with a land area of , next only to Pulong Buhangin. It is bordered by Barangay Patag on the south-west, Guyong on the west, Bulac on the east, and Balasing on the north.
Climate.
The prevailing climatic conditions in the barangay are categorized into two (2) types: dry and wet season.
The annual mean temperature in the area is . The warmest month is May with a mean temperature of while the coldest is January at .
The mean annual relative humidity in the Barangay is 77% which is not high. The mean monthly relative humidity is lowest in March at 64% and highest in September at 84%
Demographics.
As of 2007 census, Catmon has a population of 11,913 people with a density of . The population is the 5th largest in Sta.Maria, Bulacan. 
Schools.
Catmon has 4 public schools: 3 elementary schools and 1 highschool
Transportation and Communication.
Transportation.
Public vehicles such as buses, jeepneys, and tricycles are the means of transportation in the barangay. Tricycles are available for 24 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="21515587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515587" title="Miss Mary">
Miss Mary

Miss Mary is a 1986 drama film directed by María Luisa Bemberg and starring Julie Christie, Nacha Guevara and Eduardo Pavlovsky. It was an Argentine-American co-production shot on location in Argentina.
Plot.
In 1938, Englishwoman Mary Mulligan (Julie Christie) arrives at the lavish estate of a wealthy Argentine family living outside of Buenos Aires. "Miss Mary" (as she is referred to by the children) serves as the family's governess over the course of the next several years. As the primary caretaker of the family's 3 children, Mary teaches them English and oversees their childhood and adolescent development, playing both the roles of nurturer, as the "mother" they never really had, and disciplinarian, when they stray from the social expectations of proper upper-class children. As they move into their teenage years, the children progressively mature, exploring sexuality and the physical changes associated with puberty. 
Meanwhile, the aristocratic world around them is falling apart. The adults converse about politics, hinting at the impending arrival of Juan Perón on the political scene, which will signal an abrupt end to their lifestyle. Compounding the problem is the state of the family itself: the patriarch, Alfredo (Eduardo Pavlovsky), becomes physically intimate with another woman. Enraged, his wife, Mecha, (Nacha Guevara) shoots a pistol blindly into the parlor where the affair is unfolding, and although the bullets cause no injury, the children are greatly disturbed. Mecha slowly deteriorates mentally and emotionally and grows stoically detached in the presence of her family. 
A few years down the road, Teresa, the eldest daughter in the family, proudly announces the loss of her virginity to her younger sister, Carolina. Johnny, their older brother, has a sexual encounter with a woman more than twice his age. Confused by the experience, he rushes home despite a thunderstorm and confronts Mary in her bedroom. After a brief moment of awkwardness, they embrace and spend the night together, capping off a long, vaguely-defined relationship that has displayed both maternal and romantic tendencies. As Johnny sneaks back half-nakedly to his room in the early morning, his mother happens to see him stumble down the hallway. Immediately aware that Miss Mary has gone too far, she relays the information to her indifferent husband before returning to find Mary already packing up her things. She formally dismisses Mary, just as Mary reports that she is planning to leave the family anyway. 
Later, Teresa is shown preparing for her wedding, which she expresses doubts about following through with. Motivated by her support for her sister and her contempt for the shallow world in which she lives, Carolina announces her intentions to boycott the wedding. Mary is present at the wedding, and she slips Johnny a note as he walks down the aisle in a procession of the bride's family. Shortly thereafter, Mary converses with Johnny, ultimately revealing that she plans to return to England now that World War II has ended. She embarks via boat.
Note.
This film is not to be confused with the 1957 Hindi remake of the Telugu movie Missamma.

</doc>
<doc id="21515640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515640" title="The Alternate Express">
The Alternate Express

The Alternate Express is a 1989 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick describes the album as "only occasionally rising to the level of excitement and inspiration evinced on recordings from the late '60s and early '70s". 

</doc>
<doc id="21515653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515653" title="You Can't Trust a Ladder">
You Can't Trust a Ladder

"You Can't Trust a Ladder" is the first studio album from indie rock band The Myriad. It was released on June 14, 2005 through Floodgate Records.
Awards.
In 2006, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Recorded Music Packaging of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21515673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515673" title="1992 Louis Vuitton Cup">
1992 Louis Vuitton Cup

The 3rd Louis Vuitton Cup was held in San Diego, United States in 1992. The winner, Il Moro di Venezia, went on to challenge for the 1992 America's Cup.
The teams.
Eight challengers from seven nations contested the 1992 Louis Vuitton Cup. Together they spent over $250 million. Il Moro di Venezia alone constructed four boats and spent over $85 million.
Round robin.
During RR1 a team scored 1 point per win.
During RR2 a team scored 4 points per win.
During RR3 a team scored 8 points per win.

</doc>
<doc id="21515683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515683" title="Greene House">
Greene House

Greene House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21515696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515696" title="GraphPad Prism">
GraphPad Prism

GraphPad Prism is a commercial scientific 2D graphing and statistics software published by GraphPad Software, Inc., a privately held California corporation. Prism is available for both Windows and Macintosh computers. 
Features.
GraphPad Software Inc. also publishes the commercial software GraphPad InStat and GraphPad StatMate, and the free web-based QuickCalcs.

</doc>
<doc id="21515712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515712" title="L.P. Miller Comprehensive School">
L.P. Miller Comprehensive School

L.P. Miller Comprehensive School is a school in Nipawin, Saskatchewan. Located in north east Saskatchewan, L.P. Miller is a part of the North East School Division #200.
Its sports teams go by the name LP Miller Bears.
This school has shop classes including electrical, carpentry, mechanics, machining, drafting, automotive, and welding. Additionally, practical and applied arts courses include computers, theatre arts and foods.

</doc>
<doc id="21515752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515752" title="J. D. Collins">
J. D. Collins

J. D. Collins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21515767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515767" title="Pollution in California">
Pollution in California

Pollution in California relates to the degree of pollution of air, water and land in the state of California. Studies show that some pollutants may be linked to increases in the rate of occurrence of cancers and birth complications. In 2008, Bakersfield, California has recorded the highest level of airbone pollutants of any state in the United States. 
Water pollution is defined by the Federal Clean Water Act as "dredge spoil, solid waste, incinerator residue, sewage, garbage, sewage sludge, munitions, chemical wastes, biological materials, heat, wrecked or discarded equipment, rock, sand, cellar dirt, and industrial, municipal, and agricultural waste discharged into water." More generally, pollution is defined as the introduction of contaminants into the natural environment that cause adverse change.
Causes.
Air pollution comes from a number of sources, and the amount of pollutant from each source is different from place to place. Particulate pollution sources are shown in the graph at right. Residential wood combustion, such as burning wood in fireplaces, is the largest source of PM 2.5 pollution. 
The Clean Air Act requires the US EPA to regulate six common pollutants. These air pollutants (also known as "criteria pollutants") are found all over the United States. They are particle pollution, ground-level ozone, carbon monoxide, sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides, and lead. All of these pollutants have been shown to have adverse health and environmental impacts and some can cause property damage. Of the six pollutants, particle pollution and ground-level ozone are the most widespread health threats. EPA calls these pollutants "criteria" air pollutants because it regulates them by developing human health-based and/or environmentally based criteria (science-based guidelines) for setting permissible levels.
Land pollution is principally caused by thoughtless or illegal disposal of waste waters or solids containing pollutants. Dumping garbage, and littering on the ground, although unsightly, rarely cause much lasting damage unless the material contains non degradable materials such as many plastics or is at risk of entering a watercourse and thus eventually reaching the sea.
Effects.
There are many possible outcomes from breathing polluted air. For example, affected populations can develop a higher risk for lung cancer by breathing polluted air.
Studies have found that some pollutants have damaging effects on humans, especially during pregnancy. Studies done on humans exposed to pollutants, one of them being polychlorinated biphenyls, which causes decreased birth size, increased sexual development, and altered levels of hormones related to gland regulation. 

</doc>
<doc id="21515774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515774" title="N V Abdussalam Moulavi">
N V Abdussalam Moulavi

N V Abdussalam Moulavi was a prominent leader of Kerala Nadvathul Mujahideen, who played a vital part in revolutionising Islamic Education In Kerala. He was born in Areekode in Malappuram District of Kerala, India
He was the founding General Secretary of Kerala Nadvathul Mujahideen. He is the founder of Jamiyyathul Mujahideen, Areekode, formed in 1944. Jamiyyathul Mujahideen runs various educational institutions in Areekode, the prominent being Sullamussalam Arabic College, Sullamussalam Science College and Sullamussalam Oriental High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21515775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515775" title="Once Upon A Time At The Adelphi">
Once Upon A Time At The Adelphi

Once Upon A Time At The Adelphi is a musical written by Phil Willmott and Elliot Davis. It received its world premiere at the Liverpool Playhouse, England from June to August 2008. The production starred Julie Atherton and Simon Bailey, was directed by Phil Willmott with musical direction and arrangements by Elliot Davis, choreography by Andrew Wright, associate musical direction and additional arrangements by Mark Collins, set and costume design by Christopher Woods and sound design by Jason Barnes.
It was written and produced for the Liverpool '08 Capital of Culture celebrations and featured a professional cast of principals and an ensemble from the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts.
Narrative.
"Once Upon A Time At The Adelphi" follows two stories; in the present day, Alice works at the world famous Adelphi Hotel in Liverpool. On a busy day of hen parties and difficult customers, Alice is informed by her colleague and boyfriend, Neil, that somebody is on the hotel's roof. Upon finding the female stranger, she tells Alice she wants to meet her ex-lover, Thompson - and reveals an epic story of the Adelphi Hotel's history, when Hollywood actors stayed there en route to UK and European destinations. Many of the stories are based on actual events, for example, Roy Rogers riding his horse Trigger in the hotel. The show portrays this event on the roof, whereas in real life Rogers reportedly waved at the crowd from the balcony.
Back in the present, Alice is having trouble when Neil asks her to leave Liverpool and move to Japan with him, but she is more interested in hearing the strange woman's stories. It transpires that she also worked at the hotel in the past, where she fell in love with a young vagabond called Thompson, whom she helped obtain employment at the hotel in order to get his life in order. However during a misunderstanding over a stolen ring, Thompson left the hotel and joined the Resistance and fought in the Second World War. Years later, whilst Liverpool was under heavy bombardment, Thompson promised to return so they could dance on the roof of the hotel. 
In the present day, Neil tries to research the stranger's story so that Alice can return to her work and, hopefully, leave Liverpool with him that night. Finally, the stranger reveals how a dance for American soldiers in the Adelphi ballroom was interrupted by a destructive air-raid, and she tried to reach the roof to meet with Thompson. Neil interrupts the story and tells Alice that he has discovered that the stranger had died in that air-raid. Alice realises life is too short to deny love, and agrees to leave with Neil. As they embrace, Thompson arrives, and in the rain, the reunited couple finally dance on the roof, joined by the spirits of the show's characters.
Awards Productions.
Adelphi won the 2008 TMA Award for Best Musical Production and was nominated for Best Regional Production at the 2009 WhatsOnStage Awards. A section of the show was performed at the awards ceremony at the Prince of Wales Theatre on Sunday 15 February 2009. The section starred Julie Atherton as Young Alice and Tom Oakley as Thompson, supported by an ensemble of final year students from Arts Ed school in London. It was choreographed by Andrew Wright and conducted by Mark Collins.
The show also received a West End showcase at the Trafalgar Studios in November 2008 conducted by Elliot Davis. The show received a full staging in London's Union Theatre in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21515789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515789" title="Melanesian Mission">
Melanesian Mission

The Melanesian Mission is an Anglican missionary agency supporting the work of local Anglican churches in Melanesia. It was established to purchase the ship "Southern Cross". Today it continues to provide financial and staffing support for the Church of the Province of Melanesia, an independent province of the Anglican Communion. Its headquarters are in Feniton, Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="21515793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515793" title="USS Edgar F. Luckenbach (ID-4597)">
USS Edgar F. Luckenbach (ID-4597)

USS "Edgar F. Luckenbach" (ID-4597) was a cargo ship and troop transport that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
SS "Edgar F. Luckenbach", named for her owner Edgar Fredrick Luckenbach, Sr., was built as a commercial cargo ship in 1916 at Newport News, Virginia, by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company. The United States Army chartered her for World War I service in 1917, and she spent about a year operating for the Army with a U.S. Navy Naval Armed Guard detachment aboard.
On 11 July 1918, "Edgar F. Luckenbach" was transferred to the U.S. Navy, which commissioned her the same day at New Orleans, Louisiana, as USS "Edgar F. Luckenbach" with Lieutenant Commander A. H. Sears, USNRF, in command. Placed in service with the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Edgar F. Luckenbach" departed New Orleans on 14 July 1918 and joined a convoy at New York City bound for France. She offloaded her U.S. Army cargo at Le Verdon-sur-Mer, La Pallice, Bordeaux, and Royan, then returned to the United States, arriving at Newport News on 26 September 1918. She then made her second and last wartime voyage as a U.S. Navy ship between New York and Marseilles, France.
In mid-December 1918, "Edgar F. Luckenbach" was transferred to the Cruiser and Transport Force to bring home sick, wounded, and convalescent troops from Europe in the aftermath of World War I. She was converted into a troop transport, and from 1 March 1919 to 14 October 1919 she made five such voyages to France.
Arriving at Norfolk, Virginia, at the end of the fifth of these postwar voyages on 14 October 1919, "Edgar F. Luckenbach" was decommissioned there and returned to her owner on 30 October 1919.
Like most commercial ships commissioned by the U.S. Navy for World War I service, "Edgar F. Luckenbach" was assigned a Navy registry Identification Number (Id. No.) -- in her case Id. No. 4597—but she appears to have received this designation retrospectively, several years after the conclusion of her U.S. Navy service. It was highest of the many identification numbers in the SP/ID series given to private and commercial ships commissioned during and just after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="21515796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515796" title="The Apprentice (U.S. season 4)">
The Apprentice (U.S. season 4)

The Apprentice 4 is the fourth season of "The Apprentice", with Donald Trump as the executive producer and host. The show was aired on Thursday nights at 9 p.m. on NBC and started September 22, 2005.
This was the first season of the show not to place in the Top 20 Nielsen Ratings; it averaged #38 with 11.01 million viewers.
Starting with this season, frequent boardroom adviser George H. Ross began to lessen his involvement with the show, with "The Apprentice" first season winner Bill Rancic effectively sharing the role with him throughout this and the following season.
Candidates.
Unhappy with "both" the choice of candidates and the "street smarts" vs. "book smarts" premise from the preceding season, Trump went to the auditions and hand-picked 17 of the 18 candidates in season 4. In addition to candidate handpicking, Trump decided to go back to the premise of men versus women (there was eventually corporate restructuring). The all-women team named their corporation Capital Edge while the all-men team named their corporation Excel.
The winning project manager, throughout the season, may be exempt from firing for the following week only if the majority of the other members in their team believed he/she did a satisfactory job. In the previous two seasons, the winning project manager would automatically be exempt from firing.
Episodes.
Week 13: Decision Time.
At Randal's recommendation, Trump rescinded what could have been the first multiple-hiring and a US Apprentice first. Throughout the following week, many were critical of Randal's decision. In an interview with Larry King, Randal defended his decision and said he had no objection to Trump hiring Rebecca at a later date.

</doc>
<doc id="21515810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515810" title="Eberhard Zwicker">
Eberhard Zwicker

Karl Eberhard Zwicker (15 January 1924 in Öhringen, Germany - 22 November 1990 in Icking)
was a German acoustics scientist and full professor at the Technical University Munich.
Zwicker studied physics and electrical engineering at the Technischen Hochschule Stuttgart and was an assistant of . In 1967 he was appointed full professor of the newly founded Institute for Electro-Acoustics of the TU Munich.
Zwicker developed a method for the computation of noise levels, DIN 45631.
Zwicker, together with Richard Feldtkeller, was author of the standard work for psychoacoustics "Das Ohr als Nachrichtenempfänger." (The Ear as Message Receiver).

</doc>
<doc id="21515811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515811" title="Edgar F. Luckenbach">
Edgar F. Luckenbach

Edgar Frederick Luckenbach, Sr. ( January 19, 1868 - April 26, 1943 ) was an American shipping magnate who inherited his father's steamship company, which he incorporated in 1913 under the name Luckenbach Steamship Company, Inc. (also known as Luckenbach Lines).
Family.
Luckenbach was born in Kingston, New York. His parents, both born in Germany, were Lewis (Ludwig) Luckenbach (died Aug. 18, 1906) and Mary E. Frey (died Jan. 24, 1926). His family then moved to Brooklyn, where Edgar attended public schools. After graduating from high school, Edgar went to Rondout, New York, to join his father in the shipping business, which had been founded in 1850.
Edgar Luckenbach married three times. His first marriage was to Florence Bissell, of Brooklyn. However, she died a few months after their marriage. His next marriage was to Susan Vickers, which terminated in divorce. Finally, he married Andrea Fenwick in 1919, and they remained married until her death at age 50 in 1937. The family lived at Elm Court, their estate in Sands Point, New York, and usually wintered in Palm Beach, Florida.
Luckenbach had one son with his second wife, named Lewis, and two children with his third wife, named Edgar Frederick Luckenbach, Jr. (May 17, 1925 - August 9, 1974) and Andrea (d. April 1, 1962 at the age of 41). In his later life, Luckenbach had a tumultuous relationship with his daughter. After her marriage to William Dobbs in 1939, a man of whom he did not approve, Luckenbach refused to give her any money for support. Andrea was then forced to withdraw early from her trust fund, which was set up by her grandmother. When just 33 years old, Andrea was shot four times by her estranged 3rd husband Frederick O. Hammer in June 1954 in the paddock of the Delaware Park race course, but survived.
Business.
When Edgar Luckenbach joined his father's company, the business was strictly for towing boats on the Hudson River. It then grew to include salvage and clipper ships, and finally Luckenbach began to acquire steamships. When Lewis Luckenbach died in 1906, his son succeeded him as president and moved the company to 120 Wall Street in Manhattan. At that time, his ships sailed all over the world, engaging in trade.
After the First World War, Luckenbach decided it was in the best interest of the company to focus on domestic trade. He established terminal facilities throughout the United States, including in Brooklyn, Philadelphia, Mobile and Galveston.
Luckenbach was also a strong advocate of Federal control of shipping rates.
The company played a large role in ship operations during both world wars. A claim Edgar Luckenbach liked to make was that his ships shuttled more soldiers between America and Europe than any other steamship company. Four Luckenbach ships were sunk during the First World War, and a fifth was crippled so that it had to be towed back to shore.
During World War II, the Luckenbach Steamship Co. was once again called into action by the military. At the onset of the war, the company had twenty-three ships. Luckenbach ships ferried soldiers between Europe and the United States again throughout the war.
Personal interests.
Luckenbach was very active in club affairs. He was a member of the Atlantic Yacht Club, Sands Point Bath Club, New York Yacht Club, the Turf and Field Club, the United Hunts Club and the Everglades Club of Palm Beach.
In business, he was a member of the Maritime Association of the Port of New York, the Commerce and Industry Association of New York and the New York Produce Exchange. He was elected president of the American Steamship Owners Association in 1927, but refused the post because of his busy business.
He was also an avid horseman. His saddle mare, Lucky Nira, won many horse shows throughout the 1920s and 1930s. His third wife, Andrea, also held many horse shows at their country estate.
Death.
After months of declining health, Edgar F. Luckenbach died at his estate, Elm Court, in Sands Point, New York, on April 26, 1943. He was 75 years old.
A few years after his death, the Elm Court estate was put up for auction. It consisted of a 22-room main house, a 12-room dwelling, a 4-room cottage, a 7-room house and two 8-room homes. Also on the estate were a six-car and a four-car garage, greenhouses, orchards, a chicken coop and a bathhouse on the beach. The estate later became the campus of Sands Point Country Day School, also known as Sands Point Academy, a school for gifted children, which operated there from 1954 to 1973. 

</doc>
<doc id="21515846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515846" title="Jan Bull">
Jan Bull

Jan Bull (1927-1985) was a Norwegian author and theater instructor. Born in Paris, he was son of the Norwegian poet Olaf Bull. 
Awards.
1981– Riksmål Society Literature Prize

</doc>
<doc id="21515872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515872" title="Bloomsburg Municipal Airport">
Bloomsburg Municipal Airport

Bloomsburg Municipal Airport is a public non-towered general aviation airport along the Susquehanna River within town limits on the south east corner of Bloomsburg.
Services: Columbia Aircraft Services, Inc.
Fuel: 100LL
Clubs: Parlor City Flying Club
Training: Golden Aviation

</doc>
<doc id="21515940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515940" title="Project Canterbury">
Project Canterbury

Project Canterbury (sometimes abbreviated as PC) is an online archive of material related to the history of Anglicanism. It was founded by Richard Mammana, Jr. in 1999, and is hosted by the non-profit Society of Archbishop Justus. The episcopal patrons of the site are Geoffrey Rowell Bishop of Gibraltar in Europe and Terry Brown, retired bishop of Malaita in the Church of the Province of Melanesia. Volunteer transcribers prepare material for the site, which incorporates modern scholarly material, primary source texts, photographic images and engravings.

</doc>
<doc id="21515999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21515999" title="Fig (band)">
Fig (band)

Fig is a Filipino rock-alternative group.
Early life.
It was an exam week of the second semester of the school year 2003 when four students of the same management block decided to form a band. With a fusion of diverse personalities, Fig was born.
The name of the band derives from the synthesis of their sections when they were in high school. It was then started out as Fignewton, & later on turn to Fig for a catchier & shorter name. Fig is composed of Cong, vocals, songwriter, Jay Angeles on lead guitars, Beng Castro on bass, and France Concio, the drummer.
Coming out from various influences, they describe their music as all at once raw, all at once angsty, all at once sentimental. Their melody is all drawn from personal experiences complemented by their icon, Foo Fighters, Radiohead, Incubus, Beatles.
Fig has just released their album entitled "Siklo". The album title refers to an acknowledgement of life's cycles. The themes reflect the questions, struggles, acceptance and experiences of diverse successions and the emotions that come along with it. Songs like Linya and Maaari which basically reflect longing that comes out from separation. Hey Michelle and P.I.N. deal with fears and hopes that they encounter during significant transitions. They also experience despair and angst with songs like Interchange and Chubibo which reveal traces of acceptance. There is also hope and a strong sense of need that can be seen in songs such as Pag Asa and Walang Sinasanto.
The band is currently preparing for their radio tour and bar gigs to promote their album.

</doc>
<doc id="21516033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516033" title="Mark Patterson (investor)">
Mark Patterson (investor)

Mark Patterson is a South African born private equity and hedge fund businessman of caucasian descent, notable for co-founding the private equity firm MatlinPatterson Global Advisors.
Along with David Matlin, they make up the private equity firm MatlinPatterson Global Advisors. 
Patterson's firm, MattlinPatterson is known for acquiring a series of companies in a range of industries, including XL Health, NRG, Huntsman Corporation, Standard Pacific Homes, Gleacher & Co. (formerly Broadpoint Securities), Thornberg Mortgage, Flagstar Bank, Minara, Polymer Group, Ormet, ATA Holdings, Arrow Air Holdings, and Varig Logistica.
Prior to co-founding MatlinPatterson, Patterson had worked with David Matlin at Credit Suisse and previously at Scully Brothers & Foss. Prior to founding the firm, Patterson, the older of the two founders, had worked in various positions, particularly in Leveraged Finance, at Credit Suisse, Scully Brothers & Foss, Salomon Brothers and Bankers Trust.
When the firm raised its first fund in 2002, it did so with more than $200 million of capital from Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse did not invest in the firm's second fund, but did invest in the third fund.
After matriculating from St. Andrew's College in Grahamstown, Patterson went on to study Law and Economics at South Africa's Stellenbosch University and an M.B.A. from New York University's Stern School of Business. Previously raced with Michael Shank Racing, now races in Europe with United Autosports.

</doc>
<doc id="21516034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516034" title="Omega West Reactor">
Omega West Reactor

The Omega West Reactor (OWR) was an experimental nuclear reactor located at Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos NM. OMR was completed in 1956 and primarily used for scientific scale nuclear research until it was fully decommissioned in 1994. It operated 24 hours a day, five days a week until 1972, when it went to eight hours a day, five days a week operation. The original purpose of the reactor was to collect nuclear material properties in support of the United States nuclear weapons program. Other uses included production of useful medical isotopes. The reactor was capable of producing an external beam of neutrons via beam tubes which extended through the reactor shielding. These were provided for external neutron beam experiments including: neutron radiography, neutron capture studies, gamma ray studies, neutron cross section measurements and neutron activation studies.
The reactor's low-pressure design and tall vertical vessel made it possible for a lead glass window to be installed at the top, through which the active core could be viewed directly. Very few production nuclear reactors were ever designed with viewing windows. The blue glow seen in the picture is characteristic of Cherenkov radiation.
Core design.
The core consisted of an aluminum grid with 54 vertical channels arranged in 6 rows by 9 channels wide. The channels could be used for fuel rods, experiments and additional uses. An additional 8 channels were used for control rods. The core was contained in a cylindrical stainless steel tank 2.4 meters in diameter and 7.3 meters tall. The core was surrounded by a heavy concrete shield which also served as a secondary containment vessel. One of the configurations of the reactor had a lead gamma ray shield installed in the first row and beryllium blocks installed in row 6. This left rows 2 through 5 for installation of fuel and experimental usage. A typical core loading consisted of 33 fuel elements, each containing 236 grams of 93% enriched Uranium (when new).
Cooling and moderation was provided by ordinary (light) water which transferred heat out of the core to the air via cooling towers. The reactor could be operated at low power in natural convection mode. At full power the flowrate through the core was 13,250 liters/minute.
Shutdown.
The reactor operated successfully until 1992 when an unplanned power spike caused an automatic shutdown. During the shut down an investigation revealed a tritium contaminated cooling water leak at which time the department of energy had the fuel rods removed and placed the reactor in permanent safe shut down mode and scheduled for decontamination and decommissioning. The OWR was fully decommissioned in 1994 and demolished in 2003. The demolition project was completed under budget and ahead of schedule.
Specifications.
The reactor met the following specifications:

</doc>
<doc id="21516084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516084" title="James Kilroy (politician)">
James Kilroy (politician)

James Kilroy (1890 – 5 January 1954) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and farmer.
In his earlier life Kilroy was a District Councillor for the Belmullet area and a member of the Belmullet Board of Guardians representing Sinn Féin. He was also Captain of the Ballyglass Compay of the Irish Volunteers and later Adjutant of the 7th Battalion Belmullet and was captured after the burning of the Ballyglass Coast Guard Station in August 1920. He was interned in Galway, and in Portland and Dartmoor until January 1922. He took the Anti-Treaty side in the subsequent Irish Civil War and was a member of the 5th Brigade of the 4th Western Division comprising Erris and Achill and North West Mayo. He was captured near Westport in November 1922 while serving with a Flying Column there and was interred in Harepark camp until 1924.
After his release, he was an active member in Belmullet in the formation of the Fianna Fáil and was elected to Mayo County Council for Belmullet electoral area in 1927. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo North constituency at the 1943 general election, and was re-elected at the 1944 and 1948 general elections. He lost his Dáil seat at the 1951 general election but at the subsequent 1951 Seanad Éireann election, he was elected by the Agricultural Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="21516135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516135" title="Northern Ireland Music Archive">
Northern Ireland Music Archive

The Northern Ireland Music Archive is a digital archive of materials related to music from Northern Ireland. It is based on a publicly accessible computer system situated in the Music Library at Belfast Central Library, Belfast, County Antrim. The archive has been funded and developed by the Arts Council of Northern Ireland.
History.
The first materials for the archive were provided by BBC Northern Ireland and were collated and digitised from 2003 onwards, with input and assistance provided by the Sonic Arts Research Centre and Belfast Central Library.
The archive was officially launched on 30 March 2006, with a day of music from numerous contemporary performers including the Brian Irvine Ensemble. At its launch, it contained approximately 400 recordings and a number of scanned sheet music of pieces by 20th century and contemporary/classical composers born or settled in Northern Ireland. The Arts Council planned to enlarge this collection in the future, with the hope of expanding into other genres of music such as folk, rock and pop.
In 2007, a selection of folk and traditional materials were incorporated from a sizeable collection of tapes bequeathed by local folk promoter and journalist, Geoff Harden. This set of materials was digitised with additional assistance from the City of Belfast School of Music. The new additions were profiled at an official event at the library, which featured live music from local traditional musicians and a speech and song from veteran folk/traditional singer, Len Graham.
Materials.
The Northern Ireland Music Archive features digitised materials of numerous formats:
Audio recordings.
Recordings date from the 1960s up to the present.
Access.
The archive is housed on a computer server in the Music Library, 2nd Floor, Belfast Central Library. The computer is free to browse at any time during library opening hours; the materials are available for reference only.

</doc>
<doc id="21516138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516138" title="Document Exploitation (DOCEX)">
Document Exploitation (DOCEX)

Document Exploitation (DOCEX) is the set of procedures used by the United States Armed Forces to discover, categorize, and use documents seized in combat operations. In the course of performing its missions in the War on Terrorism, members of the United States Armed Forces discover vast amounts of documents in many formats and languages. When documents are suspected of containing information of potential intelligence value, rapid and accurate interpretation of the information identifies targets, bolsters success in subsequent operations, and enhances tactical and strategic all-source intelligence efforts. The sheer volume of documents acquired in the course of military operations can overwhelm a unit's capability to extract meaningful information in a timely manner.
A DOCEX facility was also operated by the Secure Evidence Unit (SEU) of the Iraqi High Tribunal to extract evidence from seized Iraqi regime documents. Over 6 million pages were processed resulting in numerous execution orders and other incriminating documents being made available to the court. This Docex facility differed in that it was operated mostly by Iraqis with international management. This facility was focused on evidence rather than intelligence as most documents seized dated from the 1980s.
Definitions.
DOCEX is the systematic extraction of information from threat documents for the purpose of producing intelligence or answering information requirements. A threat document has been in the possession of the threat, written by the threat, or is directly related to a future threat situation. DOCEX can occur in conjunction with HUMINT collection activities or as a separate activity.
A document is any piece of recorded information regardless of form. Documents include printed materials (books, magazines, pamphlets, maps), official records (government or military origin), currency, maps, blueprints, personal information (diaries, notebooks, journals, photographs, letters, invoices, bank statements), electronically recorded media (computer files, tape recordings, video recordings) and all electronic equipment used to generate or store electronic media (cell phones, computers, cameras, PDAs).
For the purpose of this entry, DOCEX is considered a military field activity conducted in conjunction with combat operations and separate from Document and Media Exploitation (DOMEX). DOMEX is the processing, translation, analysis, and dissemination of collected hard copy documents and electronic media which are under the U.S. Government's physical control and are not publicly available. This definition of DOMEX excludes: handling of documents and media during the collection, initial review, and inventory process; and documents and media withheld from the U.S. Intelligence Community DOMEX dissemination system in accordance with agreements and policies sanctioned by the Director of National Intelligence to protect sources and methods. For the purpose of this entry, DOMEX is considered a multi-organizational activity under the oversight of the DOMEX Committee composed of senior executives of the National Media Exploitation Center, Defense Intelligence Agency (as executive agent), Central Intelligence Agency, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Defense Cyber Crime Center, United States Army, National Security Agency, Drug Enforcement Administration and Department of Homeland Security.
DOCEX Process.
The DOCEX process occurs at the lowest echelons possible to facilitate rapid exploitation of captured materials. Service members gain fundamental knowledge of the DOCEX process via common skills training, such as the U.S. Army's Warrior Leader Course. The initial intake of captured enemy documents (CED) is performed at the company level by a DOCEX Site Exploitation Team and first analysis of CED is performed by military intelligence personnel assigned to battalion or brigade level DOCEX Support Teams. Actionable information gained through battalion or brigade level DOCEX assets is reported back to the unit that captured the information as expeditiously as possible to fulfill immediate intelligence requirements. The processing of CED progresses from the lowest echelon to the highest, undergoing multiple information extraction applications that increase in complexity and sophistication until the information is categorized as DOMEX under the auspices of the U.S. Intelligence Community and the Director of National Intelligence. The sequence of events in the DOCEX process as performed by a DOCEX Site Exploitation Team is as follows:
1. Receive, Tag.
Document accountability begins the moment the document is received into U.S. possession. Original documents must not be marked, altered or defaced and the capturing unit must attach a DD Form 2745 (Enemy Prisoner of War Capture Tag) to each document. Ongoing combat operations suspends this requirement (to tag a document) until cessation of hostilities. All CEDs are placed in weatherproof containers and the containers are marked with a DTG, name of the capturing unit, identity of the source(s) of the CEDs, and a summary of conditions and circumstances under which the CEDs were obtained.
2. Categorize, Inventory, Log.
The first DOCEX unit to receive CEDs will categorize and inventory all CEDs. Captured enemy documents are assigned file numbers and the following information is logged: name of capturing unit, file number, DTG the CEDs were received by the DOCEX unit, description of the CEDs, destination of outgoing transmittals of CEDs and pertinent remarks. Proper categorization and inventory of captured enemy documents ensures strict accountability and preserves evidentiary value.
3. Screen.
Document screening is the rapid but systematic evaluation of documents to determine which documents contain priority information. Selected priority documents will be exploited immediately to meet intelligence collection management priorities. For screening purposes, CEDs are considered unclassified unless originated in the U.S. and/or allied nation(s), and are marked classified. The document screening phase is an integral step in the DOCEX process as screening determines applicability of a variety of exploitation treatments and procedures. Interpreters and qualified intelligence analysts working alongside communications and information technology specialists decide the DOCEX course of action during the screening phase. Complete translation is not required at this phase of the DOCEX process, but sufficient translation of documents is required to determine significance and relevance to priority intelligence requirements.
4. Translate.
Translations in and of themselves are not intelligence reports, but translation is a precondition for DOCEX. Translation reports must include: where the report will be sent, which unit prepared the report, DTG of the translation, document serial number and description of the document, name of translator, type of translation (full, extract or summary), remarks for clarification and classification (if applicable).
5. Analyze.
Analysis of CEDs produces intelligence and involves three steps: assessment, integration and deduction.
6. Report.
Information collected from CEDs is normally reported in a SALUTE report or Intelligence Information Report (IIR) (SALUTE = Size, Activity, Location, Unit, Time, Equipment). The IIR is the most widely recognized and accepted format within the Intelligence Community, and is typically generated at higher echelons, such as division, corps or theater commands. SALUTE reports are also referred to as SPOT reports or SPOTREPS and are expeditious reports to provide timely intelligence or status updates regarding events that could have an immediate and significant effect on current planning and operations. Tactical commanders, interrogators and intelligence analysts contribute content for SALUTE reports and IRRs.
DOCEX Equipment.
Items typically utilized by tactical DOCEX Site Exploitation Teams or DOCEX Support Teams include:

</doc>
<doc id="21516145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516145" title="Pietro Moriconi">
Pietro Moriconi

Pietro Moriconi (died 1119) was the Archbishop of Pisa from 1105, succeeding Dagobert. According to tradition he belonged to the noble lineage of Moriconi of Vico. He first appears as archbishop in a document of 19 March 1106, and is credited with strengthening the Pisan church. He took part in the 1113–1115 Balearic Islands expedition, where he interfered to quash peace negotiations that ran counter to Pisa's interests. He died in 1119 (Pisan calendar), and was buried on 10 September in the Pisan Duomo.

</doc>
<doc id="21516237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516237" title="Žarkovina">
Žarkovina

Žarkovina (Serbian Cyrillic: "Жарковина") is a village near Teslić, in Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It is located abt 4 km to the north from Teslić, on the left side of the Usora river. According to the 1991 census its population (including Vrela, then part of Žarkovina) was 486.
The village is located on the left side of the Usora river, but the name Žarkovina refers to the area of approximate size on the opposite, right side of the river. The left side is the settlement (homes and yards) and the right side is industrial zone now. The right side is sometimes referred as Žarkovačka polja (Serbian Cyrillic: "Жарковачка поља", literally: "Žarkovina fields").
The industrial zone area was previously private agricultural fields, but today there are several factories built, as well as one shopping mall.

</doc>
<doc id="21516247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516247" title="Leo Skinner">
Leo Skinner

Leo Baptist Skinner (1 August 1901 – 27 January 1970) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A solicitor, he practiced in Mitchelstown with, and later took over the practice from, his father James. G. Skinner. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North constituency at the 1943 general election, and was re-elected at the 1944 general election. He lost his seat at the 1948 general election. He was appointed a District Court judge in 1966. 
His daughter Geraldine Skinner became the Legal Adviser in the Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin and subsequently the Irish Ambassador in Luxembourg. He was the uncle of James John Skinner the Zambian politician and jurist who was the first Minister of Justice of independent Zambia and subsequently Chief Justice of Zambia and then Chief Justice of Malawi.

</doc>
<doc id="21516318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516318" title="Maryland Intercollegiate Football Association">
Maryland Intercollegiate Football Association

The Maryland Intercollegiate Football Association (MIFA), also called the Maryland Intercollegiate League, was an early college football conference with a membership composed of schools located primarily in the state of Maryland. One exception to that was Gallaudet, which is located in Washington, D.C. All of the members were universities, with the exception of Baltimore City College, a preparatory school located in Baltimore, Maryland.
The impetus for the formation of the MIFA was a controversial game on November 1, 1893 between the (now known as the University of Maryland) and Saint John's College of Annapolis. Maryland won the game, 6–0, but St. John's players later wrote in the "Baltimore American" that "a decision by which the M.A.C. were allowed to score the only touchdown made by the quarterback after a run of 90 yards, with no one in pursuit, appeared a very doubtful one." Maryland finished the season by beating Western Maryland and the Orient Athletic Club. With a 6–0 record, the "Aggies" were named the state champions, but the title was contested by St. John's. The following season, Maryland's former quarterback and coach William W. Skinner led the effort to create an intercollegiate football league to improve the process in which the state championship was awarded. The conference began competition on October 13, 1894 with games between St. John's College and Washington College in Annapolis, and Maryland Agricultural College and Western Maryland in Westminster.
Membership.
The following schools were members of the MIFA at some point. Where known, the years of membership are included:

</doc>
<doc id="21516357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516357" title="Ivy Rahman">
Ivy Rahman

Ivy Rahman () (7 July 1936 – 24 August 2004) was a Bangladeshi politician. She was the Women's Affairs secretary of Awami League. She was killed in the 2004 Dhaka Grenade Attacks launched by Islamist terrorists.
Rahman was married to Zillur Rahman, who was the 15th President of Bangladesh.
Early life.
Ivy Rahman was born Jebun Nahar Ivy on 7 July 1936. Her father was the principal of Dhaka College. She married Zillur Rahman in 1958. They had two daughters and a son.
Death.
On 21 August 2004, Ivy Rahman was present at an Awami League political rally in Dhaka. After the speech by Sheikh Hasina ended, terrorists launched a co-ordinated grenade attack on the Awami league leaders. Rahman was injured in the grenade blast, and both of her legs were blown off. After 3 days, she died on 24 August 2004, in the Combined Military Hospital in Dhaka.

</doc>
<doc id="21516372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516372" title="Andreas Gottlieb Hoffmann">
Andreas Gottlieb Hoffmann

Andreas Gottlieb Hoffmann (April 13, 1796 – March 16, 1864) was a German Protestant theologian and Orientalist born in Welbsleben. He was a leading authority on Syriac and Hebrew languages.
As a teenager he participated in the War of the Sixth Coalition as a member of the Second Prussian Foot Jäger Detachment. In 1820 he earned his doctorate at the University of Halle, where he studied theology as well as Syriac and Hebrew languages. At Halle he was a pupil of Wilhelm Gesenius (1786-1842). In 1823 he became an associate professor, and two years later a full professor at the University of Jena.
Hoffmann was the author of an acclaimed work on Syriac grammar ("Grammatica syriaca") (1827), and was responsible for a German version of the Book of Enoch based on Richard Laurence's "Book of Enoch the Prophet" called "Das Buch Henoch in vollständiger Uebersetzung". He was also editor and publisher of the second section of the Ersch-Gruber "Allgemeine Encyclopädie der Wissenschaften und Künste". 

</doc>
<doc id="21516403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516403" title="Mount Nesselrode">
Mount Nesselrode

Mount Nesselrode, also known as Boundary Peak 98, 2,474 metres (8,117 ft) prominence: , is a peak in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains, located on and in part defining the border between British Columbia, Canada and Alaska, United States. About 40 miles north of Juneau to the west of the lower Stikine River and in the heart of the Stikine Icecap, it is also the corner point of Alaska's Haines Borough and Juneau Borough.
It was named in 1924 in honour of Karl Nesselrode, also known as Charles de Nesselrode, then Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs and a plenipotentiary in the negotiations which produced the Russo-American Treaty of 1824. That treaty defined the boundary between Russian America and US claims to the Oregon Country and was mirrored in a parallel treaty with the British the next year, defining 54°40′north as the southward limit of Russian possessions.

</doc>
<doc id="21516406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516406" title="Hiroshi Shō">
Hiroshi Shō

Hiroshi Shō was born the eldest son of Shō Shō. Upon his father's death in 1923, he became head of the family and inherited the title of marquis. He graduated from Tokyo Imperial University earning a degree in East Asian history from the Department of Literature, and served for a time as a captain in the Japanese Imperial Navy. He was also active in the business world, working with various institutions, including Shō Enterprises, where he was representative director. He lost his title, as did all other members of the "kazoku" system of peerage, with the implementation of the post-war Constitution of Japan in 1947.
Late in life, in the 1990s, Hiroshi Shō donated many Shō family possessions, including artworks, ritual objects, historical documents, the royal mausoleum of Tamaudun and royal gardens of Shikinaen to the City of Naha. He also donated artworks, documents, and other family possessions to the city of Urasoe and village of Izena.
Hiroshi Shō died on 30 August 1996. His funeral was held in Tokyo, though he was entombed in Izena Tamaudun on the Okinawan island of Izena.
He had four daughters and one son, Mamoru Shō (尚衞), who is the current head of the Shō family.

</doc>
<doc id="21516455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516455" title="Aratlakatta">
Aratlakatta

Aratlakatta is a village near Kakinada in East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics.
Agriculture is the primary occupation of the village and is therefore reckoned as an unchangeable part of the Aratlakatta village. Traditionally, caste and village are considered as synonymous with each other village is also no exception. The majority of residents are from the Kamma and some Kapu caste also. This village is very near to Kakinada (East Godavari district Headquarters and City) and its just 6 km from Kakinada. The Village is bounded by Goddatipalem, Sahapuram, Kovvuru (Kakinada), Karakuduru.

</doc>
<doc id="21516459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516459" title="Terje Stigen">
Terje Stigen

Terje Stigen (28 June 1922 – 14 August 2010) was a Norwegian author.
Career.
Terje Stigen was born on Magerøya in Finnmark, Norway but spent part of his childhood in Tromsø. After his final exams at Nordstrand school in Aker during 1941, he studied philology at the University of Oslo, cand.philol. English majors in 1947.)
He wrote 44 novels and short story collections, almost a new year, besides radio plays and numerous articles. Besides novels and short story collections, he wrote a series of radio plays for Radioteatret. Stigen debuted as an author in 1950 with publication of his novel "To døgn". He wrote numerous books, mostly novels, but also a number of lectures and radio dramas. He wrote in Bokmål, the more common of the two Norwegian languages. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy for Language and Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="21516484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516484" title="MG132">
MG132

MG132 is a specific, potent, reversible, and cell-permeable proteasome inhibitor (Ki = 4 nM)
. Reduces the degradation of ubiquitin-conjugated proteins in mammalian cells and permeable strains of yeast by the 26S complex without affecting its ATPase or isopeptidase activities. MG132 activates c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK1), which initiates apoptosis. MG132 also inhibits NF-κB activation with an IC50 of 3 µM and prevents β-secretase cleavage.
References.
http://www.merck-chemicals.com/germany/life-science-research/mg-132/EMD_BIO-474790/p_w_.b.s1LzxMAAAEW02EfVhTm

</doc>
<doc id="21516524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516524" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1863">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1863

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1863, adopted unanimously on January 16, 2009, after recalling resolutions 733 (1992), 751 (1992), 1356 (2001), 1425 (2002), 1519 (2003), 1725 (2006), 1744 (2007), 1772 (2007), 1801 (2008), 1811 (2008), 1814 (2008), 1831 (2008) and 1844 (2008) on the situation in Somalia, the Council its intention to establish a peace-keeping force in war-torn Somalia and called on Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to develop, by April 15, 2009, a mandate for the proposed mission, which would replace the existing African Union force in the country (AMISOM). 
Resolution.
United Nations Peace Keeping force to Somalia.
The resolution stated that the Security Council would further review the actual deployment of peace keeping force to Somalia on June 1, 2009. In the meantime, the Secretary General would compile a report that would include developments in Somalia, progress towards full deployment of the existing 3,200-strong African Union force in Somalia and progress in the political process and security conditions on the ground. The Council called on the Secretary-General to also include in his report a mandate for the force, who's tasks would be to assist the delivery of Humanitarian aid to Somali civilians, protect government officials and buildings and as well as United Nations staff, to monitor the implementation of the Djibouti Peace Agreement and any subsequent cease fires and to build up Somalia's security forces.
Support of AMISOM.
Welcoming AMISOM's contribution to lasting peace and stability in Somalia, the Security Council, acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, renewed the African Union's mission in Somalia for another six months and authorized AMISOM to take all necessary measures to protect key infrastructure in Somalia, as well as to create the appropriate security conditions for the delivery of humanitarian aid. It also requested that the African Union maintain AMISOM's deployment and reinforce the original 8,000-troop deployment in order to enhance the mission's capability to carry out its mandate and to protect key installations around the capital, Mogadishu. 
The Security Council also called on the Secretary-General to establish a Trust Fund for African Union forces in the country until United Nations peace-keeping troops could arrive to assist in training Somali security forces. The Council also asked the Secretary-General to hold a donors' conference as soon as possible to gather contributions to the trust fund and also called on the African Union to consult with the Secretary-General and submit budgetary requests to the fund. In response to a recommendation from the Secretary General, the Council approved the enhancement of AMISOM by transferring assets after the liquidation of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE). 
In order for AMISOM’s forces to be incorporated into the proposed United Nations peacekeeping operation, the Security Council requested the Secretary-General provide a United Nations logistical support package to AMISOM, including equipment and services, until June 1, 2009, or until the Council reached a decision on establishing a United Nations force.

</doc>
<doc id="21516546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516546" title="Daniel de Oliveira (football)">
Daniel de Oliveira (football)

Daniel de Oliveira is a retired Venezuelan football (soccer) midfielder who coached the Venezuelan U-15 and U-17 national soccer teams. He is the Technical Director for the Deportivo Petare.
Player.
Youth.
De Oliviera attended the Claret School where he was the 1979, 1981, 1982, 1984 and 1986 Athlete of the Year. He is the school's all time leading scorer (576 goals) and a five-times champions of the Eastern Intercollegiate League of Venezuela. During those years, he was also the 1986 and 1987 Junior National Select Team Program (LIDES) Player of the Year. In 1987, De Oliviera moved to the United States to attend Long Island University. While there, he played on the university soccer team from 1987 to 1990. In 1987, Soccer America named him to its All Freshman Team. He was also named the 1987 Northeast Conference Rookie of the Year. He finished his collegiate career with thirty-five goals. While in college, he also played indoor soccer during the winter. He was part of the 1988 U-19 MITRE Indoor Soccer national championship team from Baltimore.
Professional.
After graduation, de Oliviera pursued his professional career in Venezuela, Spain, and El Salvador. He was with C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo of the El Salvadoran Primera División de Fútbol Profesional during the 1995-1996 season. In July 1995, he signed with the Dallas Sidekicks as a free agent and played 3 games with the team in early 1996. In February 1996, D.C. United selected de Oliveira in the 12th round (120th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He signed with United, but was waived on April 16, 1996, during a pre-season roster reduction. On August 5, 1997, the Staten Island Vipers of USISL signed De Oliveira.
Manager.
De Oliveira is the actual Technical Director (soccer director) of 1st Division Team in Venezuela Deportivo Petare FC. He has coached the Venezuelan U-15 and U-17 national soccer teams since 2007. He is an official FIFA coaching instructor for South America and the Caribbean. He also took the U-15 Venezuelan National team to obtain a group 2nd place tied with Uruguay, becoming the best Venezuelan youth team performance in a Conmebol U-15 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21516573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516573" title="North Princeton Developmental Center">
North Princeton Developmental Center

The North Princeton Developmental Center was an abandoned site located within the confines of Montgomery Township, New Jersey. The NPDC has been home to a variety of mental health institutions throughout the years. In 2011, the former self-sustaining mental health village was slated for demolition to make space for a proposed county park. Demolition was completed in 2012 with plans to begin construction of the conceptual park in 2013. The facility garnered much notoriety over the past decades due to its "ghost town" appearance and mention in the popular book and periodical, "Weird N.J." Until its demolition, the former hospital was a popular place for "urban explorers" to explore, despite the buildings being unsafe (partially due to asbestos and lead paint contamination. Urban explorers were often met with resistance from law enforcement, as the site was prone to criminal activity, ranging from graffiti to arson. Prior to the demolition of the site, state and local governments have both made reasonable attempts to keep trespassers out, for example by sealing the entrances and windows of the property, though these methods proved to be relatively ineffective.
History.
The NPDC came into existence in 1898 after former Governor Foster M. Voorhees signed a bill into law that established the State Village for Epileptics. Intended to subvert the admittance of epileptic patients into insane asylums and other unnecessarily harsh environments, the State Village for Epileptics offered this group a much more supportive and decent atmosphere in which they could thrive. The State Village was designed to be a completely autonomous community; within its boundaries were educational and medical facilities, a theater, a fully functional farm, a firehouse, a water treatment facility, an on-site landfill, housing, and even a power plant. The institution was considered to be an exemplary and progressive facility targeted at the treatment of epileptics.
In later years, namely throughout the Great Depression and World War II, the State Village suffered from financial cutbacks, which resulted in understaffing and overcrowding of the facilities. The dismal state of the institution during these times earned it the popular name, “The Snake Pit of New Jersey”.
With the advent of new prescription medications during the late 1940s, the State Village for Epileptics became obsolete by the early 1950s. With the aid of these new medications, many of the residents of the institution were able to function more efficiently within normal society, and were ultimately able to reintegrate themselves into the mainstream population. In 1953, the facility was turned into the New Jersey Neuro-Psychiatric Institute. This new institution focused on treatment and research of alcoholics, drug-addicts, people with cerebral palsy, and emotionally disturbed children.
The State of New Jersey closed down the facility in 1995, with the very last of the patients being removed in 1998. By this time, the facility had been designated as the North Princeton Developmental Center.
On , Montgomery Township purchased the property on which the NPDC resides for a total of $5.95 million. The Township intends on demolishing or renovating the existing structures and replacing them with a large town center, which might include health care facilities, shops, housing for senior citizens, and parks. Since the purchase of the property, the Township has experienced much difficulty with the cleanup of the site. Many hazardous materials are still on-site which make the property uninhabitable. Most of these contaminants remain from the use of oil and coal heating systems, as well as the power plant, both of which were used by the facilities prior to condemnation. The Township has also encountered large amounts of asbestos in the buildings which has proven to make the restoration exponentially more difficult and costly. Much care is being taken with the progression of this project as the Village School, the local elementary school, is surrounded by the NPDC property. After coming across these problems and unwilling to pay the associated expenses, Montgomery Township decided to sue the State of New Jersey citing the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act as well as the State "Environmental Rights Act".
Montgomery sold 247 acres of the plot to Somerset County October 2011, and the county assumed the role of preserving the area for recreation and conservation. Demolition of the former "Skillman Village" was completed in 2012, with only one or two of the original buildings still standing. Construction of a park facility that will occupying some land on the property has been slated to begin in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21516586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516586" title="1926 Pottsville Maroons season">
1926 Pottsville Maroons season

The 1926 Pottsville Maroons season was their second in the National Football League. The team matched their previous league record of 10–2, They finished third in the league standings.
The Maroons established an NFL record for most shutout wins or ties in a season, with 11 in "official" league games.

</doc>
<doc id="21516609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516609" title="Mount London">
Mount London

Mount London, also known as Boundary Peak 100, , is a mountain on the Alaska-British Columbia boundary in the Juneau Icefield of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains, located southwest of Atlin, British Columbia on the border with Haines Borough Alaska. Originally called Mount Atlin, it was renamed in honour of the famous author Jack London (1876–1916).

</doc>
<doc id="21516611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516611" title="DIW Records">
DIW Records

DIW Records is a Japanese record label. It is a subsidiary label of Disc Union and specializes in jazz and avant garde music. Kazunori Sugiyama was an executive producer for the label before starting Tzadik Records with John Zorn.

</doc>
<doc id="21516628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516628" title="Hudson Highlands Multiple Resource Area">
Hudson Highlands Multiple Resource Area

The Hudson Highlands Multiple Resource Area is a Multiple Property Submission study supporting multiple listings in 1982 to the United States National Register of Historic Places. It originally included 58 properties spread over the counties of Dutchess, Putnam, Westchester, Orange and Rockland.

</doc>
<doc id="21516642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516642" title="Insert (composites)">
Insert (composites)

Inserts are pins, bolts, screws, joints and other structures that are used to transfer localized loads to a composite panel or to join two composite panels together. Metallic inserts are commonly used in the aerospace and marine industries to attach objects to sandwich composite panels.
Here is some history as referenced in the forward of ASME B18.29.1. Helical coil screw thread inserts have been in use for many years. It was first invented in the 1930s and found initial acceptance in aircraft manufactured and serviced by the Allied Air Forces during World War II. Since that time, applications for helical coil inserts have come into broad usage in aerospace, automotive and industrial equipment. Usage originally included metric spark plus sizes that were delineated in Europe in the 1950s coming into inch using countries in the 1960s. ASME Subcommittee 29 of the B18 Committee put together the first version of a standard in 1993. In 2010, ANSI approved of recent revisions and ASME published a revision of B18.29.1 - Helical Coil Screw Thread Inserts - Free Running and Screw Locking (Inch Series).

</doc>
<doc id="21516649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516649" title="Michelle LaCourse">
Michelle LaCourse

Michelle LaCourse is a viola player and string department chair on the faculty of the Boston University College of Fine Arts.
Education.
LaCourse began her musical studies in the Traverse City (Michigan) School System. She has studied with David Holland at the Interlochen Arts Academy, Robert Swan at Northwestern University, and Karen Tuttle at the Peabody Conservatory of Music. During her time at Peabody, she won the first Peabody Concours, a recital competition open to all Peabody students. LaCourse served as a longtime teaching assistant to Karen Tuttle and currently serves as a faculty member of the annual Karen Tuttle "Coordination" Workshop.
Performances.
As a soloist and chamber musician, LaCourse has performed throughout the United States and Europe and in South America, including recent performances in Italy, Spain, and Brazil. LaCourse was formerly a member of the Lehigh Quartet, the Delphic String Trio and the Aeolian Trio. As an orchestral musician, she has performed with the Baltimore Symphony, and was formerly principal violist of the Chamber Orchestra of Grenoble France and of the Concerto Soloists Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia. LaCourse has commissioned a body of work for both solo viola as well as viola and piano from composer James Grant. Her recording of these works, "Chocolates: Music for Viola and Piano by James Grant" was released by MSR Classics (MS1335). Ms. LaCourse often performs with composer and pianist Martin Amlin, who is also on faculty at Boston University; this collaboration is featured on this recording.
She performs on a viola made for her in 2000 by Steven Keller of Keller and Son in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="21516651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516651" title="Dan Lim">
Dan Lim

Dan Neri Lim is the former Mayor of Tagbilaran City, Bohol, Philippines, from 2004 up to 2013.
Early life.
His father is Segundo Soriano Lim, a direct descendant of one of the first three Chinese nationals whose business prospered in Bohol even before the Second World War. Mr. Segundo Lim is still an active member of the city’s business circle. Dan’s mother is Gloria Basa Neri, from Ozamis City . At one time, she took the cudgels as Vice Mayor of Tagbilaran City and Presiding Officer of the Sangguniang Panlungsod.
Dan Lim was born on February 11, 1952, and is married to the former Dr. Sharleen Mathay Corral of Makati City. They have three children.
Lim studied at the East Visayan Academy in Cebu City and finished his secondary education at Rafael Palma College (now University of Bohol) in 1968. He enrolled at the Philippine Union College in Caloocan City for his Bachelor’s degree in Political Science, which he finished in 1972. He went to Dumaguete City and enrolled at Silliman University for his Bachelor of Laws. He graduated in 1977 and passed the Bar that same year.
Lim joined the faculty of Philippine Union College the following year, where he taught Philippine Constitution, Political Science, and Negotiable Instrument as a partimer. Simultaneously he accepted the offer of Assemblyman Liliano Basa Neri of Region 10 as his Chief-of-Staff. Then he joined Goco, Neri, Bucero, Primisias Law Office, where later he became a partner replacing Atty. Neri. Atty. Lim is a member of Law Asia, an association of lawyers all over the Asian countries. He was also the Chief-of-Staff of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines before Atty. Liliano Neri became an Assemblyman.
Political career.
In 1980 he came back to Tagbilaran and became a councilor for six years. In 1986, when Corazon Aquino became President after the EDSA People Power Revolution, he was appointed OIC Mayor of Tagbilaran City. From 1988 to 1992, when Jose Ma. Rocha became Mayor he was the City Administrator. It was during this time that Tagbilaran was given national acceptance in a privilege speech by Senator Juan Flavier, making the Tagbilaran City Cooperative Hospital a model in the country.
Lim has his share of political defeats, losing in his Congressional bid and then losing to Jose V. Torralba twice for Mayor, the last time in 2001. His time came in 2004 when he defeated Betty Torralba, the wife of last-termer Mayor Jose V. Torralba, for mayor of Tagbilaran. Lim won together with only one Councilor in his lineup.
In his first term, Mayor Lim prioritized social services by introducing the Blue Card System, a free hospitalization program for indigents; Free School Supplies and Uniforms Project for Public School Students; Botika sa Katawhan, a free medicine program for all residents; promotion of sports like boxing, student welfare, livelihood, among others. Lim reached out to the masses by interacting with them through the top-rated weekly Mayor's Report over a local radio station.
In the Local Elections of 2007, Mayor Lim won again by defeating the returning Jose V. Torralba for mayor by a wide margin, and this time also winning the majority of Councilors in his lineup. In his second term, he continued all his projects adding other projects like Senior Citizens' privileges, police visibility, among others.
Mayor Lim tossed his hat in for reelection for a 3rd and final term in 2010 together with former Vice Mayor Nuevas Tirol-Montes as his running mate along with a complete 10-man Councilor slate under the Nationalist People's Coalition (NPC) Party. He won his third term and left office in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21516653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516653" title="IIHF European Cup 1982">
IIHF European Cup 1982

The 1981-1982 European Cup was the seventeenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 7, 1981, and finished on August 29, 1982.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21516674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516674" title="Al Hilal Bank">
Al Hilal Bank

Al Hilal Bank () one of the fastest growing banks in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), is a 100% government-owned Islamic bank based in Abu Dhabi with a total revenue of AED 1.8 billion and a net profit of AED 343 million as of December 2013. It employs over 800 staff members and currently provides Islamic Personal, Corporate, Treasury, Investment, and Wholesale banking services to almost 80,000 customers. Al Hilal Bank operates 22 branches and over 120 ATMs across the UAE and 3 branches in Kazakhstan. It manages the Al Hilal GCC Equity Fund, Global Sukuk Fund, and owns the ‘Mall Branch,’ the world’s largest banking branch.
History.
The Abu Dhabi Investment Council (ADIC), an investment arm of the Abu Dhabi Government, founded Al Hilal Bank in 2008 with an authorized capital of AED 4 billion out of which AED 1 billion was paid up. The paid up capital was at AED 2 billion as of December 31, 2010.
The bank formally opened after four months, launching its first four branches in the UAE on June 19, 2008. . It has since been the recipient of various local and international industry recognitions, including multiple honors for excellence in regional retail banking bestowed by distinguished award-giving bodies such as the Islamic Business & Finance Awards.
International Credit Rating.
Al Hilal Bank was recently given an A1 rating by Moody’s Investors Service and an A+ rating by Fitch Ratings – the highest ratings awarded so far to an Islamic Bank in the UAE.
Moody’s gave Al Hilal Bank an A1 rating with a stable outlook, citing the Bank’s robust franchise growth, the strength of its asset quality, advanced technology infrastructure and government support for the positive rating. 
Fitch Ratings extended the Bank an A+ rating and with a stable outlook as well. The agency noted Al Hilal’s improving profitability, healthy asset quality, robust reserve coverage, satisfactory capitalization and government support as key rating factors.
Al Hilal Group.
Al Hilal Group comprises three adjunct Al Hilal Bank units:
Al Hilal Takaful.
Al Hilal Takaful provides "Takaful" Islamic insurance products covering the Property, Liability, Engineering, Marine, Aviation, Special Lines, Motor and Medical businesses.
Takaful or Islamic insurance adopts a cooperative principle and separates between the funds and operations of shareholders. Premiums collected from policyholders are considered as donations and constitute the Takaful fund from which all claims are reimbursed. At the end of each financial year, after deduction of expenses, any remaining cash surplus will not be retained by the company or its shareholders, but returned to the policyholders in the form of cash dividends or distributions. Takaful business thus differs from conventional insurance in that the policyholders rather than the shareholders solely benefit from the profits generated from Takaful and Investment assets
Al Hilal Auto.
Al Hilal Auto offers finance for automobiles under a ‘Walk In Drive Out’ program. The Al Hilal Auto unit is located within Al Hilal Bank’s Mall branch at the Corniche in Abu Dhabi.
Al Hilal Kazakhstan.
Al Hilal Kazakhstan is the first Islamic bank in the Republic of Kazakhstan and Al Hilal’s first branch outside of the UAE with Head Office in Almaty. The two branches operate in the cities of Shymkent and Astana.
Mall Branch.
Al Hilal Bank’s Mall Branch located at Al Sahel Tower in Abu Dhabi’s Corniche area is the world’s largest banking branch. Covering almost 4,000 square metres, the facility incorporates several aspects of the shopping mall throughout its design and offering. 
The branch includes a Ladies’ Banking suite, Youth and Children’s Sections, a VIP Zone, an airline desk, a kiosk for state telecommunications firm Etisalat, the Al Hilal Auto showroom, and a coffee shop.
Achievements.
Some of Al Hilal Bank’s unique achievements include the integration of the advanced capabilities of the Emirates ID – the UAE’s National Identification Smartcard – to facilitate services such as the opening of new accounts and ATM transactions; the deployment of ‘eGrab,’ the world’s first emissionless mobile bank; the introduction of the world’s First ‘Qibla Locator’ Credit Card; the establishment of the UAE’s first children’s branch, Seghaar, and the development of the UAE’s first instantly-issued Visa Debit Card with personalised account number.
Al Hilal Bank also conceptualized the UAE’s first thumb verification system for banking transactions; the first use of digital pens for banking transactions in the Middle East; Money Station, Middle East’s first drive-thru bank branch; and GOLD to go, the region’s first-ever in-bank gold vending machine.
Green Initiatives.
Staying true to its slogan of 'The orange bank that thinks green,’ Al Hilal engages in various environmental initiatives. For one, it operates the world's first emissionless eco-friendly mobile bank, 'eGrab,' a 100 per cent electric powered vehicle that travels to various areas around Abu Dhabi to bring Al Hilal’s banking services closer to customers. In addition, Al Hilal Bank’s headquarters at the Al Baher Towers is an innovative piece of sustainable green design that is both culturally and environmentally appropriate. The south-facing roof of each tower incorporates photo-voltaic cells generating approximately five percent of the total required energy from renewable energy sources. A series of stretched polytetrafluoroethylene panels progressively open and close to prevent direct sunlight from striking the façade and to limit direct solar gain to a maximum of 400 watts per linear meter.
Al Hilal Bank has also entered into a ‘Plant A Tree’ partnership program with Emirates Environmental Group to champion environmental causes throughout the country. Al Hilal Bank also pledged to switch off the lights in all of its branches and offices starting at 10 pm in celebration of ‘Earth Hour 2013’; it has extended this sustainability effort by continuing the practice of switching off the lights in its branches and offices after working hours.
The bank’s latest green initiative is the promotion of energy-saving dark-themed computer backgrounds and screensavers via strategic websites, emailers, Facebook tabs and Twitter links in commemoration of World Environment Day.

</doc>
<doc id="21516697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516697" title="Super Mario Bros. theme">
Super Mario Bros. theme

The ""Super Mario Bros." theme", officially known as the , is a musical theme originally heard in the first stage of the Nintendo Entertainment System video game "Super Mario Bros.". It was one of six themes composed for "Super Mario Bros." by acclaimed "Mario" and "The Legend of Zelda" series composer Koji Kondo, who found it to be the game's most difficult track to compose. The theme has a calypso rhythm and usually receives a corresponding orchestration in games whose sound synthesizers can imitate steel drums.
Since being included in "Super Mario Bros.", it went on to become the theme of the series, and has been a fixture in most of its titles. It has been reused and remixed in other Nintendo-published games, including "Tetris DS", "Nintendogs: Chihuahua and Friends", "", and all three entries in the "Super Smash Bros." series. It also made a cameo appearance in the Capcom video game "Viewtiful Joe".
Composition.
This theme took the longest of the six tracks of "Super Mario Bros." to compose, according to its composer Koji Kondo. He stated that he would write one piece, and the team would put it in the game. If it did not accentuate the action, did not time up with Mario running and jumping, or did not harmonize with the sound effects well enough, he would scrap it. He used only a small keyboard to compose the music. The first theme he made for "Super Mario Bros." was based on an early prototype of the game, which simply showed Mario running around a big empty area. Kondo described this early theme as a bit lazier, slower tempo, and more laid back. As the game underwent changes, he realized that his theme no longer fit, so he increased the pace and changed it around to fit better. In an interview, Kondo explained that when coming up with music compositions, they come to him during everyday activities.
Kondo was given complete creative freedom over the soundtrack of "Super Mario Bros.", and would collaborate with Shigeru Miyamoto, the game's director, through their daily interactions. Miyamoto would share his records and music scores of the type of themes he liked with Kondo, but did not tell him exactly what he wanted. It was composed with a Latin rhythm. When the player allows the stage's clock to run down to less than 100 seconds, the tempo will accelerate. At the Game Developers Conference in 2007, Kondo commented that the theme features rhythm, balance, and interactivity. He demonstrated this with a short clip of "Super Mario Bros.", showing the character's movements and players' button presses syncing with the beat of the music. He also added that the theme reflects the action-oriented gameplay of the series. Kondo states that he doesn't know if he could make a theme that is catchier than this one, but he would like to try.
Use in other games.
The "Super Mario Bros." theme has been reused several times. It was used during Subspace areas of "Super Mario Bros. 2", in the Super Mario 64's title screen, and in "secret" stages in "Super Mario Sunshine", and also in Super Mario World at its "Special World". A remix of the theme is used more recently in "Super Mario 3D Land".
The theme has been featured in each installment of the "Super Smash Bros." series. The theme was featured in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", titled "Ground Theme" and "Ground Theme 2." "Ground Theme" was arranged by Koji Kondo on the piano, and "Ground Theme 2" was arranged by Masaaki Iwasaki. The theme was remixed for "Tetris DS" during standard play, which displayed a Mario overworld design until ten lines are cleared. A version of it was arranged by Chiptune band YMCK for the Nintendo DSi video game "Picopict". The "WarioWare" series has featured the original version of the theme in its games. The "Chihuahua and Friends" version of "Nintendogs" features a music box that plays the theme. The theme has been featured as a playable track in several rhythm games over the years. The GameCube game "Donkey Konga" features it, allowing the players to play it using bongos. It is also featured in the Nintendo DS game "Daigasso! Band Brothers" and Wii game "Wii Music". "Wii Music" allows players to use any instrument, while "Daigasso! Band Brothers" allows players to only use specific instruments. It was also featured in the GameCube dancing game "". The theme made a cameo appearance in the Nintendo GameCube video game "Viewtiful Joe", featuring a character whistling a portion of it. It was also featured in "Brain Age" when the player gets a walking speed and the walking character is tapped. The theme was also featured in "Super Mario Galaxy" and "Super Mario Galaxy 2" as the theme for the Toy Time Galaxy and Supermassive Galaxy, respectively. The theme was also heard in Toad Houses in "New Super Mario Bros." and its sequel, "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" and played in the Conservatory in "Luigi's Mansion". It also plays on the opening screen of "Super Mario 64" and its remake, the title screen of "Mario Party", the Mario Open course of "Mario Golf", and the Mario Court in "Mario Tennis". It is also remixed in many minigames in "Mario Party 9".
Use in other media.
The theme was reused in multiple other media, including an anime film and a cartoon called "The Super Mario Bros. Super Show". For the latter version, called "Do the Mario," lyrics were added, and the song was performed by Lou Albano, who also portrayed the character in the show. The song can be heard briefly at the very beginning of the "Super Mario Bros." movie.
Nine Inch Goombas (really NIN columnist Meathead) created "Closer to Mario," a mashup of the Mario theme music with the Nine Inch Nails song "Closer."
Concerts and performances.
The theme has been featured in many concerts, including "PLAY! Chicago", the Columbus Symphony, the Mario & Zelda Big Band Live, Play! A Video Game Symphony, and others.
The Video Games Live concert featured the theme performed by Koji Kondo.
The theme has also been popular amongst fans, with many fan performances of it. GamePro did an article of the seven weirdest "Super Mario Bros." theme performances, which included a theremin, two guitars, an RC car, Tesla coils and stepper motors.
Chelsea Chen has arranged a Super Mario Bros. Suite for organ solo.
Sheet music.
Nintendo has not published official sheet music for Koji Kondo's compositions, but high demand for Mario sheet music has led a number of fans to release their own arrangements online, often simplifying or interpreting the original version rather than accurately transcribing it. Quite recently there are two new official books with sheet music, one with piano solo and other with solo guitar. They both contain sheet music for the "Super Mario Bros. Theme".
Reception and legacy.
In an article about Koji Kondo, Wired.com editor Chris Kohler described the theme as one of the most famous in the world, and that it gets into your head quickly and won't leave. Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com called it one of the most memorable tracks in video game history. Netjak editor Rick Healey commented that though MTV tried to make the identifying song of the '80s, Nintendo beat them to the punch with the "Super Mario Bros." theme. Editors Jeff Dickerson and Luke Smith of The Michigan Daily newspaper commented that if you were to ask a random student to hum the theme, they would likely know every note. Sam Kennedy, also an editor for 1UP.com, stated that anyone who lived through the 80's can hum the theme, and that most people remember it to this day.
Video game music composer Tommy Tallarico cited Koji Kondo as his inspiration for why he got into music, commenting that when he first heard this theme, it was the first time he thought music in video games really existed. Mario voice actor Charles Martinet commented that "The first time I ever played a Mario game, I started at about 4 in the evening and played until daylight. I laid down on the bed, closed my eyes, and I could hear that music -- ba dum bum ba dum DUM!" Acclaimed "Final Fantasy" composer, Nobuo Uematsu, called Koji Kondo one of the best video game composers in the industry. He also commented that he was sure everyone in the world who has come across the "Super Mario Bros." theme, regardless of borderlines or age, will never forget it. He also added that it changed Japanese culture, and that it should become the Japanese national anthem. In an interview with Koji Kondo, 1UP.com editor Sam Kennedy stated that Paul and Linda McCartney visited Kondo and enjoyed the theme.
The ringtone version of the theme has proven very popular in the United States, having been on the top ten most downloaded ringtones for 112 straight weeks as of November 2004. It sold approximately 747,900 in the United States in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21516701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516701" title="1926 Providence Steam Roller season">
1926 Providence Steam Roller season

The 1926 Providence Steam Roller season was their second in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 6–5–1, winning only five games. They finished eleventh in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21516704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516704" title="Escalima">
Escalima

Escalima is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams.

</doc>
<doc id="21516714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516714" title="Kates Needle">
Kates Needle

Kates Needle is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska-British Columbia border west of the junction of the Stikine River and Porcupine River. The summit has also been known as Boundary Peak 70.

</doc>
<doc id="21516727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516727" title="Paul Robeson filmography">
Paul Robeson filmography

Filmography.
Movies and documentaries in which Paul Robeson (1898–1976) has either starred, narrated or been featured and those that were film projects he was involved in include:

</doc>
<doc id="21516742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516742" title="Erico Aumentado">
Erico Aumentado

Erico Boyles Aumentado (May 18, 1940 - December 25, 2012) was a former governor, vice governor, and senior provincial board member of Bohol, and congressman and deputy speaker of the Philippine House of Representatives. He is the only governor of Bohol who served for three consecutive terms (2001-2010).
Early Life and Education.
Erico B. Aumentado was born in Fatima, Ubay, Bohol on May 18, 1940.
He finished his elementary education at Ubay Central Elementary School and finished his high school at Holy Child Academy in Ubay, Bohol both as class valedictorian.
Granted with full scholarship, he completed his Pre-law A.B. at the Rafael Palma College (now University of Bohol) and graduated Magna Cum Laude, the highest honor during that time in 1960. He earned his Bachelor of Laws at the same school and finished Cum Laude. He passed the Philippine Bar Examination in 1964. He also became a faculty member of RPC College of Law, and lectures on Constitutional Law and Human Rights.
During his life as a student, he was elected as Chairman of the Student Council Association of the Philippines National Convention in 1961. He served as the vice president of College Editors’ Guild of the Philippines (CEGP) and chairman of CEGP - Visayas Region from 1961-63. He received the Mitra Medal Award been an outstanding student journalist and editor-in-chief of The Collegian (now "The Varsitarian") from 1958-1961, the official student publication of the Rafael Palma College.
While studying, he also worked as a staff member of the "Bohol Chronicle" in 1959 and later promoted as a columnist under his regular column named , “Between Extremes”. He was then hired as the provincial correspondent of the nation's leading newspapers, The Manila Times and of the People's Journal.
Political career.
It was the former president Carlos P. Garcia inspired Aumentado to enter into politics in 1967. At age 27, he became the youngest provincial board member when he was elected in 1967. In 1988, he was elected as vice governor of Bohol. In 1992, he was elected as representative of Bohol's 2nd District and served for three consecutive terms until 2001.
He was the governor of Bohol for three consecutive terms (2001-2010), chairman of both the Regional Development Council and the Regional Tourism Council of Central Visayas, and National President of the League of Provinces of the Philippines (LPP) and the Union of Local Authorities of the Philippines (ULAP), the umbrella organization of the 1.5M local officials of the Philippines. He is the 1st Boholano ever elected to these positions.
After his stint as governor, he returned to Congress in 2010 until 2012. His youngest son, Erico Aristotle Aumentado continued his remaining term.

</doc>
<doc id="21516756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516756" title="Shah Mohammad Ziaur Rahman">
Shah Mohammad Ziaur Rahman

Air Marshal Shah Mohammad Ziaur Rahman, ndc, fawc, psc (born 1955) was Chief of Staff of the Bangladesh Air Force. He was preceded by Air Vice Marshal Fakhrul Azam, ndc, psc.
Early life.
S M Ziaur Rahman, was born in 1955 in to a Muslim family in Gopalgonj. He joined the Bangladesh Air Force (BAF) as a flight cadet on March 10, 1975 and was commissioned on December 29, 1976 in the General Duties (Pilot) [GD(P)] branch . 
Air Marshal Zia graduated from the Defence Services Command & Staff College in Dhaka in 1991 and from the PAF Air War College in 1992. He also graduated from National Defence College, Pakistan in 2001. Afterwards he participated in the seminars for “Executive Course” at USA Asia Pacific Centre for Security Studies and the “Military and Peace Keeping Operations in Accordance with Rule of Law" course in Rhode Island, USA in 2003 and 2006 respectively.
Recognition.
Ziaur Rahman is a qualified fighter pilot and a Qualified Flying Instructor of the BAF who has logged over 2400. He served in various air squadrons across BAF stations. Some of the noted aircraft he flew was MiG-21 and F-7. Being a “Qualified Flying Instructor”, he carried out extensive instructional flying in various jet trainer and fighter aircraft such as L39Z F7 Fouga both at home and abroad.
Air Commands.
Air Marshal Zia has held command positions with most of the air squadrons of the Bangladesh Air Force. He successfully commanded the BAF's two fighter squadrons, 25 & 35 squadron.
Ziaur Rahman also held a range of staff command positions including Air Officer Commanding, Paharkanchanpur, Air Officer Commanding, Bashar and Air Officer Commanding, Zahurul Huq. He also served as Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Operations & Training) at air headquarters prior to the Chief of Air Staff.
Air Marshal Rahman was promoted from air commodore to air vice-marshal and appointed as the Chief of Air Staff on 8 April 2007 [http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-30162499_ITM], and promoted to Air Marshal on 23 May of the same year. As Chief of Staff he has supported the introduction of new technology for the operation of aircraft, and a modernisation of the ageing Bangladesh air fleet. He has initiated a modern Personnel Evaluation System in BAF that resulted in revolutionary improvements in the Flying Output and Research and Development sectors. The modern objective methods of the Performance-based Evaluation and Tactical Evaluation systems are giving the BAF a new dimension of sustainable development. The BAF has created new milestones in flying performance since its independence during his present tenure as the Chief of Air Staff (COAS).
The participation of BAF in United Nations peacekeeping missions has increased manifold during his tenure of office. BAF has reportedly received many accolades from world leaders and United Nations Headquarters for its professionalism, dedication and sincerity in different UN missions.
Personal life.
Air Marshal Zia is married and has one son and one daughter. He is a golfer and he was also the president of the National Hockey Federation.
See also.
http://www.baf.mil.bd/index01.php

</doc>
<doc id="21516798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516798" title="Who's the Boss? (album)">
Who's the Boss? (album)

"Who's the Boss?" is the first album by the rapper, Antoinette, released in 1989 through Next Plateau Entertainment. Production was by I.G. Off, Jay Ellis and the Ultramagnetic MCs. The album peaked at #47 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Several singles, "Shake Rattle & Roll", "Baby Make It Boom" and "Who's the Boss", were released from the album, but none made it to the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="21516811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516811" title="Big Fella">
Big Fella

Big Fella is a 1937 British musical drama film directed by J. Elder Wills and starring Paul Robeson, Elisabeth Welch and Roy Emerton. It is loosely based on the novel "Banjo" by Harlem Renaissance writer Claude McKay.
Plot.
"Big Fella" is set on the docks and streets of Marseilles. Paul Robeson stars in the leading role, as a street-wise but honest dockworker who struggles with deep issues of integrity and human values. Elisabeth Welch plays opposite him as a café singer in love with him. Robeson’s wife, Eslanda Robeson, appears as the café owner.
Reception.
The movie received high praise, particularly for the music, featuring Robeson and Welch, Robeson's performance.

</doc>
<doc id="21516821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516821" title="Abderhalden's drying pistol">
Abderhalden's drying pistol

Abderhalden's drying pistol is a piece of laboratory glassware used to free samples from traces of water, or other impurities. It is called a "pistol" because of its resemblance to the firearm. It has been rendered obsolete by modern hotplate technology and vacuum pumps. The apparatus was first described in a book edited by Emil Abderhalden. The drying pistol allows the sample to be dried at elevated temperature; this is especially preferred when storage in a desiccator at room temperature does not give satisfactory results. 
Operation.
The drying pistol consists of two concentric barrels; the inner is connected to a vacuum source via a trap. The outer barrel is connected at the bottom to a round bottom flask, and a condenser. To operate the drying pistol, a sample is placed within the inner barrel, and the barrel is evacuated. The round bottom flask, filled with an appropriate solvent, is heated to a boil. Hot vapors warm the inner barrel; losses are avoided with the condenser. By choosing the appropriate solvent, the temperature at which the sample is dried can be selected.
The trap is filled with an appropriate material: water is removed with phosphorus pentoxide, acidic gases by potassium or sodium hydroxide, and organic solvents by thin pieces of paraffin. Generally, the main impurity to be removed is water.
This set-up allows the desiccation of heat-sensitive compounds under relatively mild conditions. Removing these trace impurities is especially important to give good results for elemental analysis and gravimetric analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="21516860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516860" title="Ruccones">
Ruccones

The Ruccones (also called Rucones, Runcones, or Roccones) were a people group, probably related to the Astures or the Basques, who lived semi-autonomously in northern Hispania from the fifth through to the seventh centuries. Their population area extended approximately from modern-day Asturias to La Rioja. 
Primary sources.
The "Chronica" of John of Biclar says, under the sixth year of the Emperor Justin II and the fourth of Leovigild, that is, 572, "Miro Suevorum rex bellum contra Runcones movet" ("Miro, king of the Suevi, moved make war on the Runcones"). The "Historia Suevorum" of Isidore of Seville notes that "the Suevic king Miro, son of Theudemir, in the year 572, attacked and lorded it over the Arragones and the Rucones." In the same author's "Historia Gothorum", he writes, under the heading "Sisebutus rg. an. VIII°" (the eighth year of Sisebut) that "Astures et Ruccones in montibus reuellantes humiliabit et suis per omnia benibolus fuit" ("the Astures and Ruccones, surrounded in the mountains, he humiliated and forced to submit"). The tenth-century "Chronica Albeldensis" copies the record of Isidore:
History.
In 572 Miro, the king of the Suevi of Galicia, campaigned against the Ruccones, as much to prevent them from falling under the sway of the Visigoths as to reassert his own sovereignty over them. In 616 the Visigothic king Sisebut is recorded as having reduced some Asturian rebels and then surrounded the Ruccones in the mountains and defeated them. Under Sisebut the general Suinthila attained the rank of "dux" (duke) and is recorded as scoring a victory over the Ruccones. Campaigns against the Ruccones may be related to the foundation of a mint at Pésicos, which coined "trientes" for Gundemar and Sisebut. The Visigoths are known to have established mints in territories recently conquered as a way of spreading their authority. 
Identification.
Scholars have worked out many identifications for the obscure Ruccones with more well known peoples. Ignacio Fernández de Mata identified them with the Cantabri. On another hypothesis they may be the Araucones, who lived in a semi-autonomous state on the border of the Visigothic and Suevic kingdoms. According to the "Parroquial Suevo" they were attached to the diocese of Astorga by king Miro. Based on toponymic evidence, they may have inhabited the region around Villuercas, along the banks of the Ruecas and Árrago rivers in the modern Extremadura between Trujillo and Logrosán, which was a Suevic territory in the fifth century. The Spanish Royal Academy of History makes the case for an identification with the Basques, considering them, like the Cantabrians, a regional subcategory. Finally, they may be identified with the Luggones, one of the principal peoples of the Asturias. Among scholars assenting to this last suggestion are the archaeologist José Luis Maya, who follows Diego Santos, and Miguel Calleja Puerta, who regards it as at least an increasing possibility. 

</doc>
<doc id="21516878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516878" title="Helical resonator">
Helical resonator

A helical resonator is a passive electrical component that can be used as a filter. Physically, a helical resonator is a wire helix surrounded by a square or cylindrical conductive shield. Like cavity resonators, helical resonators can achieve Q factors in the 1000s. This is because at high frequencies, the skin effect results in most of the current flowing on the surface of the helix and shield. Plating the shield walls and helix with high conductivity materials increases the Q beyond that of bare copper.
The length of wire is one quarter of the wavelength of interest. The helix is space wound, the gap between turns is equal to diameter of the wire. Helical resonators are well suited to UHF frequencies ranging from 600 MHz to 1500 MHz.
Design equations.
formula_1
formula_2
formula_3

</doc>
<doc id="21516885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516885" title="Ajdabiya">
Ajdabiya

Ajdabiya ( "", ), previously known as "Agedabia" or "Ajdabya", is a town in and capital of the Al Wahat District in northeastern Libya. It is some south of Benghazi. From 2001 to 2007 it was part of and capital of the Ajdabiya District. The town is divided into three Basic People's Congresses: North Ajdabiya, West Ajdabiya and East Ajdabiya.
During the Libyan civil war, the city changed hands several times between rebels and pro-Gaddafi forces. Many civilians fled from the fighting, with one March 2011 report describing the city as a "ghost town." Libyan rebels appeared to have regained control indefinitely in late March after international airstrikes crippled Muammar Gaddafi's forces, in the first major turnaround for an uprising that a week earlier appeared on the verge of defeat.
Geography.
Ajdabiya is situated in central northern Libya near the Mediterranean Sea coast at the eastern end of the Gulf of Sidra. It is located on an arid plain about from the sea and is approximately from the Libyan capital of Tripoli and from Libya's second largest city, Benghazi. The city is the site of an important crossroads between the coastal road from Tripoli to Benghazi and inland routes south to the oasis at Jalu and east to Tobruk and the border with Egypt. Ajdabiya lies close to the Sabkhat Ghuzayyil a large dry region below sea level.
History.
Ajdabiya has been identified as the site of the Roman city of "Corniclanum", which is shown on the Peutinger Table of the Roman road network in the fourth or fifth centuries AD. It gained its importance for two reasons: it possessed drinkable water, which made it a useful staging post in an arid region, and it stood on the intersection of two important trade routes, the coastal route along the North African littoral and the desert caravan route from the oases of Jalu and al-Ujlah. The town passed to the Byzantine Empire following the fall of Rome but gained new importance under the rule of the Fatimid Caliphate. After sacking the town in 912, the Fatimids redeveloped Ajdabiya and built a new mosque and palace complex, the ruins of which can still be seen. Around 1051-52 it was sacked again, this time by the Beni Hilal and Banu Sulaym, Arab tribes that migrated to North Africa at the instigation of the Fatimids. It subsequently fell into a prolonged period of decline.
In the 12th century, the Arab geographer Muhammad al-Idrisi described Ajdabiya as "a town situated on a flat, stony plateau". He wrote in his treatise "Nuzhat al-Mushtaq" (published in Europe as "De geographia universali"):
The town was later revived by the Ottomans to serve as a minor administrative centre for western Cyrenaica. It became an important centre for the Senussi movement in the early 20th century and became the capital of an autonomous Senussi-ruled region between 1920 and 1923 under the terms of an accord with Italy, which had occupied Libya from 1911. In April 1923, however, the accord broke down and the Italians seized Ajdabiya, turning it into an important military outpost. The area was the scene of heavy fighting during the Second World War; during Operation Compass in December 1941, British forces forced Erwin Rommel's Afrika Korps to retreat through Ajdabiya, but they lost control of it again on April 2, 1942 when a reinforced Rommel counter-attacked. The town finally reverted to Allied control on November 23, 1942 when it was recaptured by the British 7th Armoured Division.
Ajdabiya's fortunes were transformed after the war by the development of the Libyan oil industry at nearby Brega. By 1979 it had become a boom town with a population of about 32,000 people. The bulk of the male population worked in the oil industry, government service or other local service industries. The town acquired a new area of public housing, police stations, educational facilities and a general hospital run by Libya's ally Bulgaria. In other respects, however, it remained comparatively undeveloped – many of the roads were left as dirt tracks without drainage, resulting in them being muddy and flooded in the winter and dirty and dusty in the summer. Libya's predominately tribal society also resulted in an unusual style of urbanisation; nomadic members of the Zuwaya tribe settled on the outskirts of the town and established tent camps, which they gradually replaced with houses. The layout of some areas of the town thus resembles that of nomadic camps, with a senior man in the centre of an area, his married sons nearby, with their younger brothers and their own sons clustered around them.
Libyan civil war.
Ajdabiya was the site of anti-government protests on February 16-17, 2011 in which up to ten people were said to have been killed, some by pro-government snipers. Protesters quickly took control of the city and declared it to be a "Free City" after burning down the local government headquarters. The city subsequently came under attack from the Libyan air force and on March 15, 2011 the Libyan army encircled Ajdabiya in preparation for an assault to retake it. The battle for Ajdabiya was cited as a potential turning point in the conflict on which the fate of the whole rebellion against the Gaddafi government could be decided. After two days of heavy fighting, pro-Gaddafi forces seized the strategic crossroads, gained control of most of the city and pressed on to the rebel-held stronghold of Benghazi.
The city was retaken by rebel forces on March 26, 2011 after air strikes authorised by the United Nations destroyed much of the Libyan army's heavy weaponry in and around Ajdabiya and forced them to retreat to the west. Much of the population fled the fighting in the city, which was reported to have suffered heavy damage.
On April 8, loyalist forces attempted to recapture the city. Taking advantage of a disorganised rebel retreat following the Third Battle of Brega, loyalist troops entered the city and had taken control of most of it by April 9. However, rebel forces soon regrouped and had pushed pro-Gaddafi forces out of the city by April 11, with heavy support from NATO airstrikes. The front line then stagnated outside of the city, 40 km down the road to Brega. Loyalist shells continued to intermittently strike the western gate and outskirts of the city for several days. In April 2011, the citizens of Ajdabiya decided to rename the city's principal square as "Tim Hetherington Square", in honour of the British photojournalist killed in Misrata.

</doc>
<doc id="21516891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516891" title="Bai Yansong">
Bai Yansong

Bai Yansong () (born August 20, 1968) is a news commentator, anchor and journalist for China Central Television (CCTV). He has become one of the most recognizable figures in China, serving as the lead anchor on stories such as the Sydney Olympics and the 2008 Sichuan earthquake. Bai worked in the newspaper industry before moving to televised news and eventually became an anchor for "Focus Report" and "Oriental Horizon", where he had a reputation as a politically incisive journalist. During his time with CCTV, Bai has been involved in the establishment of several news commentary programs including "Timeline" and "News 1 + 1", the first live news commentary program in China. He has also been the anchor on several more news programs and was a host on the talk show "Tell It Like It Is".
Born in Inner Mongolia, he lived on a university campus with his parents who were both professors and graduated from the Beijing Broadcasting Institute before beginning his career in journalism. Bai has extensively covered diplomatic ties between China and Japan during his tenure at CCTV and is part of a political consultancy group that advises the two countries on Sino-Japanese relations. He works to promote political reform through his position in the media, and critical reports on his programs have been suppressed by government censors at least once. As a humanitarian, Bai has been involved in supporting disaster relief efforts following the Sichuan earthquake and promoting efforts against HIV/AIDS.
Early life and education.
Bai was born in Inner Mongolia on August 20, 1968. His parents were intellectuals in Inner Mongolia and his father, an ethnic Mongolian, had been condemned as an "anti-revolutionary" when China was under the leadership of Mao Zedong. Both of Bai's parents were professors and he grew up on the campus of a university during his time in Inner Mongolia. Bai later graduated from the Beijing Broadcasting Institute in 1989.
Career.
Bai started his journalistic career working for the "China Broadcasting Newspaper" of the Central People's Broadcasting Station, but did not consider himself suitable for televised news. He helped found the CCTV program "Oriental Horizon" and was chosen to be a regular anchor for the show in January 1996, sharing the post with several other journalists. Along with his co-anchors, Bai was seen as politically incisive and his work on "Oriental Horizon" gained him national notoriety as a television host. He hosted the first talk show in China, "Tell It Like It Is" alongside Shui Junyi and Cui Yongyuan and other popular news hosts.
He became anchor of "Focus Report" on China Central Television when it was the only news commentary program in China. During his time as anchor, Bai covered news stories such as the handovers of Hong Kong and Macau, the 50th Anniversary of the People's Republic of China, and the Sydney Olympics, making him one of the most recognizable figures in China. He has also established several news programs on CCTV such as "Timeline", modeled after Ted Koppel's "Nightline" on ABC News. Bai's reporting was the primary subject of a book about "Focus Report" that was written by the show's producer. "News 1 + 1", another news program Bai started, was the first live news commentary program in China.
In the midst of warming ties between China and Japan, Bai filmed a documentary piece for CCTV in 2007 focusing on Japanese culture and the early history of Sino-Japanese relations. He had proposed filming the piece a year before, but says it was considered too sensitive to air until relations improved. Bai later presided over a forum on Sino-Japanese relations, which included ministerial-level officials from Japan and China and discussed issues such as military spending and Tibet.
During the Sichuan earthquake, Bai served as the lead anchor and later noted the significance of open Chinese news coverage of the disaster by stating "this time, it is not a simple live coverage." His reporting on the quake was praised by CCTV editor Xiong Qu for its delivery with Xiong saying Bai "stood the test" as China's lead anchor.
Some of the reporting in Bai's programs has faced opposition from government censors. After a program Bai was going to air on a chemical plant in Dalian was cancelled by censors, Bai commented on his blog to criticize the decision to cancel the piece, which led to his account being blocked. Dong Qian, co-anchor of Bai's "News 1 + 1" program, was temporarily taken off the air after Bo Xilai talked to the CCTV president about a piece on the program that highlighted serious concerns regarding the nature of Bo's anticorruption campaign in Chongqing.
Politics.
Haiqing Yu has identified Bai as being part of the first generation of Chinese journalists to adopt an outsider's approach to journalism, as opposed to previous generations, who viewed their role as being to prop up the Party and the government. Bai has stated that he tries to use his position in the news media to help instigate political reform and promote democratic ideals in China and supports liberal market reforms of government-run media. He argues that the media is more responsive to public needs when it is subject to market forces, but believes that news reform can only advance alongside political reform. In a commentary for "Beijing News", Bai argued that insuring rationality in government was dependent on moving China further towards the rule of law.
When Tibetan independence supporters disrupting the Olympic torch relay in Paris prompted calls for a boycott of French retailers in China such as Carrefour and Louis Vuitton, Bai went online to oppose a boycott. He encouraged proponents of a boycott to be calm and consider the consequences for Chinese nationals working at the affected retailers.
Bai is also a member of the 21st Century Committee for China-Japan Friendship, a group that consults the two countries on policies concerning their mutual relations. Following a 2008 meeting of the group, he spoke approvingly of a speech by then Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda for emphasizing a collective view of their interests stating that "For Sino-Japanese relations, it is no longer the question of 'You' and 'I'. Now we are a community of interests with our feet in Asia and facing the world together." Following anti-Japanese demonstrations over the East China Sea islands dispute, Bai decried acts of violence during the protests as committing crimes under the guise of patriotism.
Humanitarianism.
Bai has served as a spokesman for efforts against HIV/AIDS in China. He was named the Image Ambassador for the AIDS Prevention Education Project for Chinese Youth following the project's establishment and served as an ambassador for the China Red Ribbon Foundation. As a CRRF ambassador, Bai attended a gala that the group organized to promote efforts against AIDS on the eve of the 25th World AIDS Day. During the gala, Bai held on-stage interviews with the Chinese Health Minister, the Executive Director of the CRRF, and the General Manager for the Global Fund.
Following the Sichuan earthquake, Bai hosted a live program together with fellow CCTV hosts in order to raise funds for disaster relief. He also made a show of support for the victims when he was carrying the Olympic torch for the 2008 Olympics relay.

</doc>
<doc id="21516901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516901" title="Compounds of zinc">
Compounds of zinc

Compounds of zinc are chemical compounds containing the element zinc which is a member of the group 12 of the periodic table. The oxidation state of most compounds is the group oxidation state of +2. Zinc may be classified as a post-transition main group element with zinc(II) having much chemical behaviour in common with copper(II). Many salts of zinc(II) are isomorphous with salts of magnesium(II) due to the ionic radii of the cations being almost the same. Zinc forms many complexes; metallo-proteins containing zinc are widespread in biological systems.
General characteristics.
Zinc atoms have an electronic configuration of When compounds in the +2 oxidation state are formed the "s" electrons are lost, so the bare zinc ion has the electronic configuration [Ar3d10. Examples of these zinc compounds include zinc oxide, ZnO and zinc sulfide, ZnS, (zincblende) in which the oxide and sulfide ions are tetrahedrally bound to four zinc ions. Many complexes, such as ZnCl42-, are tetrahedral. Tetrahedrally coordinated zinc is found in metallo-enzymes such as carbonic anhydrase. However 6-coordinate octahedral complexes can also be found, such as the ion [Zn(H2O)6]2+, which is present when a zinc salt is dissolved in water.
Many zinc(II) salts are isomorphous (have the same type of crystal structure) with the corresponding salts of magnesium(II) which results from the fact that Zn2+ and Mg2+ have almost identical ionic radii. This comes about because of the d-block contraction. Whilst calcium is somewhat larger than magnesium, there is a steady decrease in size as atomic number increases from calcium to zinc. It is by chance that the ionic radius of zinc that is almost equal to that of magnesium. In most other respects the chemistry of zinc(II) most closely resembles the chemistry of copper(II), its neighbour in the periodic table, in which there is one less electron. However, whereas Cu2+ is classed as a transition metal ion by virtue of its electronic configuration, 3d9, in which there is an incomplete "d"-shell, Zn2+ is best considered to be an ion of a post-transition main group element. The IUPAC periodic table places zinc in the d-block.
Some compounds with zinc in the oxidation state +1 are known. The compounds have the formula RZn2R and they contain a Zn — Zn bond analogous to the metal-metal bond in mercury(I) ion, Hg22+. In this respect zinc is similar to magnesium where low-valent compounds containing a Mg — Mg bond have been characterised.
No compounds of zinc in oxidation states other than +1 or +2 are known. Calculations indicate that a zinc compound with the oxidation state of +4 is unlikely to exist. Although higher oxidation states are more stable with the heavier elements of a group, the compound mercury(IV) fluoride was only characterized at 4 K in a neon/argon matrix.
Colour and magnetism.
Zinc compounds, like those of main group elements, are mostly colourless. Exceptions occur when the compound contains a coloured anion or ligand. Zinc selenide, ZnSe, however, is yellow, due to charge-transfer transitions, and zinc telluride, ZnTe is brown for the same reason. Zinc oxide turns yellow when heated due to the loss of some oxygen atoms and formation of a defect structure.
Compounds containing zinc and no other metal are all diamagnetic.
Reactivity of metallic zinc.
Zinc is a strong reducing agent with a standard redox potential of −0.76 V. Pure zinc tarnishes rapidly in air, eventually forming a passive layer of basic zinc carbonate, Zn5(OH)6CO3. The reaction of zinc with water is prevented by the passive layer. When this layer is penetrated by acids such as hydrochloric acid and sulfuric acid the reaction proceeds with the evolution of hydrogen gas.
The hydrogen ion is reduced by accepting an electron from the reducing agent. The zinc metal is oxidised. Amalgamation with mercury, as in the Jones reductor also destroys the passive layer. Zinc reacts with alkalis as with acids. It reacts directly with oxidising non-metals such as chalcogens and halogens to form binary compounds.
Binary compounds.
Zinc oxide, ZnO, is the most important manufactured compound of zinc, with a wide variety of uses. It crystallizes with the Wurtzite structure. It is amphoteric, dissolving in acids to give the aqueous Zn2+ ion and in alkali to give the zincate (a.k.a. tetrahydroxozincate) ion, [Zn(OH)4]2-. Zinc hydroxide, Zn(OH)2 is also amphoteric.
Zinc sulfide, ZnS, crystallizes in two closely related structures, the zincblende crystal structure and the Wurtzite crystal structure, which are common structures of compounds with the formula MA. Both Zn and S are tetrahedrally coordinated by the other ion. A useful property of ZnS is its phosphorescence. The other chalcogenides, ZnSe and ZnTe, have applications in electronics and optics.
Of the four zinc halides, zinc fluoride has the most ionic character, whereas the others, zinc chloride, zinc bromide, and zinc iodide, have relatively low melting points and are considered to have more covalent character. The pnictogenides zinc nitride (notable for its high melting point), zinc phosphide, zinc arsenide and zinc antimonide, have various applications. Other binary compounds of zinc include zinc peroxide zinc peroxide, zinc hydride zinc hydride, and zinc carbide .
Salts.
Zinc nitrate zinc nitrate (used as oxidizing agent), zinc chlorate zinc chlorate, zinc sulfate zinc sulfate (known as "white vitriol"), zinc phosphate zinc phosphate (used as primer pigment), zinc molybdate zinc molybdate (used as white pigment), zinc chromate zinc chromate (one of the few colored zinc compounds), zinc arsenite Zn(AsO2)2 (colorless powder) and zinc arsenate octahydrate (white powder, also referred to as koettigite) are a few examples of other common inorganic compounds of zinc. The latter two compounds are both used in insecticides and wood preservatives. One of the simplest examples of an organic compound of zinc is zinc acetate zinc acetate, which has several medicinal applications. Zinc salts are usually fully dissociated in aqueous solution. Exceptions occur when the anion can form a complex, such as in the case of zinc sulfate, where the complex may be formed, (log K = ca. 2.5).
Complexes.
The most common structure of zinc complexes is tetrahedral which is clearly connected with the fact that the octet rule is obeyed in these cases. Nevertheless, octahedral complexes comparable to those of the transition elements are not rare. Zn2+ is a class A acceptor in the classification of Ahrland, Chatt and Davies, and so forms stronger complexes with the first-row donor atoms oxygen or nitrogen than with second-row sulfur or phosphorus. In terms of HSAB theory Zn2+ is a hard acid.
In aqueous solution an octahedral complex, [Zn(H2O)6]2+ is the predominant species. Aqueous solutions of zinc salts are mildly acidic because the aqua-ion is subject to hydrolysis with a p"K"aof around 5, depending on conditions.
Hydrolysis explains why basic salts such as basic zinc acetate and basic zinc carbonate, Zn3(OH)4(CO3)•H2O are easy to obtain. The reason for the hydrolysis is the high electrical charge density on the zinc ion, which pulls electrons away from an OH bond of a coordinated water molecule and releases a hydrogen ion. The polarizing effect of Zn2+ is part of the reason why zinc is found in enzymes such as carbonic anhydrase.
No fluoro complexes are known, but complexes with the other halides and with pseodohalides, and [ZnX42- can be prepared. The case of the thiocyanate complex illustrates the class A character of the zinc ion as it is the N-bonded isomer, contrast to [Cd(SCN)42- which is S-bonded. Being a class-A acceptor does not preclude the formation of complexes with sulfur donors, as is shown by zinc dithiophosphate and the zinc finger complex (below).
The zinc acetylacetonate complex, Zn(acac)2 is interesting. As the ligand is bidentate a tetrahedral structure might be expected. However, the compound is in fact a trimer, Zn3(acac)6 in which each Zn ion is coordinated by five oxygen atoms in a distorted trigonal bipyramidal structure. Other 5-coordinate structures can be engineered by choosing ligands which have specific stereochemical requirements. For example, terpyridine, which is a tridentate ligand forms the complex [Zn(terpy)Cl2]. Another example would involve a tripodal ligand such as Tris(2-aminoethyl)amine. The compound zinc cyanide, Zn(CN)2, is not 2-coordinate. It adopts a polymeric structure consisting of tetrahedral zinc centres linked by bridging cyanide ligands. The cyanide group shows head to tail disorder with any zinc atom having between 1 and 4 carbon atom neighbours and the remaining being nitrogen atoms. These two examples illustrate the difficulty of sometimes relating structure to stoichiometry.
A coordination number of 2 occurs in zinc amide Zn(NR1R2)2 (R1=CMe3, R2=SiMe3); the ligand is so bulky that there is not enough space for more than two of them.
Bio-complexes.
A very large number of metallo-enzymes contain zinc(II). Also many proteins contain zinc for structural reasons. The zinc ion is invariably 4-coordinate with at least three ligands that are amino-acid side-chains. The imidazole nitrogen of a histidine side-chain is a common ligand. The following are typical examples of the two kinds of zinc-protein complexes.
In the active site of resting carbonic anhydrase a zinc ion is coordinated by three histidine residues. The fourth position is occupied by a water molecule, which is strongly polarized as in hydrolysis (see above). When carbon dioxide enters the active site, it subject to nucleophilic attack by the oxygen atom which carries a partial negative charge, or indeed a full negative charge if the water molecule is dissociated. The CO2 is rapidly converted into a bicarbonate ion.
Some peptidases, such as glutamate carboxypeptidase II are thought to act in a similar way, with the zinc ion promoting the formation of a nucleophilic reagent.
The zinc finger motif is a rigid substructure in a protein which facilitates the binding of the protein to another molecule such as DNA. In this case all four coordination positions are occupied by the histidine and cysteine residues. The tetrahedral geometry around the zinc ion constrains an α helix fragment and an antiparallel β sheet fragment to a particular orientation with respect to each other.
The magnesium ion, which has a higher concentration in biological fluids, cannot perform these functions because its complexes are much weaker than those of zinc.
Organometallic compounds.
Organozinc compounds contain zinc—carbon covalent bonds. Diethylzinc () was first reported in 1848. It was made by reaction of zinc and ethyl iodide and is the first compound known to contain a metal—carbon sigma bond. For a long time it was a mystery why copper(II) did not form an analogous compound. It was not until the 1980s that the reason was found: the zinc compound does not undergo the beta-hydride elimination reaction whereas the compound of the transition metal copper does so. Alkyl and aryl zinc compounds are contain the linear C—Zn—C motif. Because the zinc centre is coordinatively unsaturated, the compounds are powerful electrophiles. In fact the low-molecular weight compounds will ignite spontaneously on contact with air and are immediately destroyed by reaction with water molecules. The use of zinc alkyls has been largely superseded by the use of the more easily handled Grignard reagents. This demonstrates yet another connection between the chemistries of zinc and magnesium.
Zinc cyanide, zinc cyanide, is used as a catalyst in some organic reactions.
Organometallic compounds of zinc(I) contain M—M bonds. Decamethyldizincocene is now known.

</doc>
<doc id="21516915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516915" title="Miller/Knox Lagoon">
Miller/Knox Lagoon

Miller/Knox Lagoon is a lake in Richmond, California.
Overview.
The lake is fed by underground salt water from San Pablo Bay and is man-made. It is located in the Pt. Richmond neighborhood. The pond is located within Miller/Knox Regional Park. The hole in the ground that was filled to form a water body was formerly part of quarries used during public works in the city of Richmond during the World War II home front.

</doc>
<doc id="21516945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516945" title="Kurt Aust">
Kurt Aust

Kurt Aust is a pseudonym for Kurt Østergaard (born 6 December 1955 in Ikast, Denmark), an author and freelance writer.
Østergaard trained as a teacher. He has been living in Horten in Norway since 1982. 
Østergaard debuted using the name Aust as a novelist in 1999. Prior to this, he had written the script for a historically based cartoon on the slave ship Fredensborg. 
He has written several historical crime novels based on Denmark–Norway around the beginning of 18th century. Main characters in these novels are Professor Thomas af Boueberg of Copenhagen University and his Dr. Watson equivalent, the considerably less brilliant Norwegian Petter Hortten. 
In 2006 he published his first contemporary novel, the thriller "De usynlige brødre" ("The Invisible Brothers") (translated into 8 languages) and his first children's book "Kasper & Måns. Den store kaosdagen" ("Kasper & Måns. The Great Day of Chaos"). 
Kurt Østergaard is married to the artist Kin Wessel (Ann-Carin Wessel). She has co-illustrated the cartoon about Fredensborg and the children’s book "Kasper & Måns. Den store kaosdagen. "

</doc>
<doc id="21516957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516957" title="Valedictory Stakes">
Valedictory Stakes

The Valedictory Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in early December at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Open to horses age three and older, the n;on-graded stakes is contested on Polytrack synthetic dirt over a distance of 1¾ miles (14 furlongs).
Inaugurated as the Valedictory Handicap in 1952 at the Dufferin Park Racetrack, it was moved to the new Woodbine Racetrack for the 1956 running where it remained through 1960. From 1991 through 1993, the race was hosted by Greenwood Raceway; thereafter, the race returned to Woodine were it remains.
Always a longer distance race on dirt, over the years it has been contested at a variety of distances:
There was no race run in 1953 and the regularly scheduled race on December 7, 2008 had to be canceled due to extreme cold weather forced.
The Valedictory was upgraded to grade III status in 2011.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:
Other North American Marathon races.
On dirt: 
On turf:

</doc>
<doc id="21516980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516980" title="Gordon Wilkie">
Gordon Wilkie

Gordon Wilkie (born c. 1942) is a Canadian ice hockey player (center) who played three seasons for the University of Michigan from 1961-1964. As a senior and team captain in 1964, Wilkie led the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team to the NCAA ice hockey championship. Wilkie also played two seasons of junior hockey with the Regina Pats, and five years of professional hockey with the Cleveland Barons, San Diego Gulls and Seattle Totems. He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1989.
University of Michigan.
A native of Regina, Saskatchewan, Wilkie played two seasons of junior hockey with the Regina Pats from 1957-1959. In 1960, Coach Al Renfrew recruited Wilkie and other players from Regina to play for him at the University of Michigan. Wilkie later recalled, "My dad ran a meat market in Regina. He simply couldn't afford to send me here. Michigan hockey "was" my chance at an education. I spent a lot of Saturday nights in the library." He added, "I owe Red (Berenson) and Coach (Al) Renfrew for the opportunity to be part of this great tradition. 
Freshman were not eligible to play varsity hockey at the time, and Wilkie began his collegiate hockey career as a sophomore in the 1961-1962 season. He received the Western Collegiate Hockey Association Rookie of the Year Award. As a junior in the 1962-63 season, Wilkie scored 34 points on 24 goals and 10 assists. At the end of the season, in March 1963, Wilkie was elected by his teammates to be the captain of the 1963-64 team.
Wilkie had his greatest success as a senior in the 1963-1964 season, as he led the Michigan Wolverines to their seventh NCAA hockey championship, and their first in ten years. Wilkie was also named a first-team All-American at center. The 1964 team had a record of 24-4-1 and defeated the University of Denver 6-3 in their home arena to win the NCAA title. Wilkie later recalled, "Winning the NCAA, with 7,000 fans packing their home ice -- man, that was the greatest."
Wilkie credited the success of the 1964 team to chemistry: "We had 20 guys who fit together as a team. Any night any line could take it, not just a few guys. And we had six good defensemen. We got along as well on the ice as off it, and that's big in college hockey. The Regina guys used to joke with the Toronto guys who produced the best players, but we had good harmony, even with the American kids." Wilkie and Gary Butler were Michigan's leading scorers, combining for a 135 points in just 29 games. In one memorable game in the 1963-1964 season, Michigan beat Ohio State 21-0, still a Michigan team record. The team scored all 21 goals in the first two periods, and Wilkie recalled Coach Renfrew telling the team after the second period, "Anyone who scores this period is benched."
Wilkie graduated from Michigan's business school with a 3.5 grade point average, and received an award for being the top student-athlete on campus.
Professional hockey.
Wilkie signed with the Montreal Canadiens and was assigned to the Cleveland Barons of the American Hockey League. He scored 42 points (16 goals and 26 assists) in the 1964-1965 season. He was briefly loaned out to the Seattle Totems of the Western Hockey League, playing three games for the Totems. In October 1965, Wilkie was reacquired by the Cleveland Barons for whom he played 42 games in the 1965-1966 season. In April 1966, Wilkie scored the winning goal for Cleveland in the semi-finals of the Calder Cup Playoffs in the AHL.
Wilkie returned to the WHL in 1966, playing for 111 games and scoring 42 points for the San Diego Gulls in the first two seasons of professional hockey in San Diego, from 1966-1968.
Later years.
In 1989, Wilkie was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor. In 2003, the members of the 1964 NCAA championship team returned to Yost Arena for a 40th-anniversary reunion. The 1964 team was brought onto the ice during the first intermission of a Michigan hockey game, and was given a standing ovation, as the hockey pep band played "The Victors." Wilkie told a reporter for the "Michigan Daily" that watching the action brought back "fond memories." He added, "It's a great thrill to be back. Michigan was really good to us, and we had a good time when we were down (playing) here."

</doc>
<doc id="21516988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21516988" title="Herman Slough">
Herman Slough

Herman Slough is a fork of Castro Creek in Richmond, California.
Overview.
The stream is largely culverted and picks up water from storm drams throughout the Iron Triangle District. The creek once was fed by rainwaters. A portion remains in its original state alongside the Chevron Richmond Refinery.

</doc>
<doc id="21517006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517006" title="Bidasari (stage play)">
Bidasari (stage play)

Bidasari is the final-installment of a trilogy of Filipino language stage plays produced and written for Magwayen, the premier theater group of the University of the City of Manila. It was based on the original epic of the same name or title. 
The epic love story originally graced the stage in 1999, and once again brought back in theaters in 2009. 
Plot.
The story revolves around the life of Bidasari, the most beautiful lady in the kingdom of Indrapura and her love with the generous and attractive prince, Jamil. Torn by war, the wicked sultana, Lilagretha, tries to sort things out in the sultanate by getting rid off the rebels led by Armilo. After hearing the oracle, Lilagretha plots Bidasari's death as the latter poses the greatest threat to her power.
Cast (2009).
See also: Bidasari Cast (2009)
Directors.
Bidasari is directed by Gawad CCP Awardee John Borgy Danao and written by Magwayen's resident playwright and founder, Carlos Palanca awardee, Marlon Miguel. They are the same people who created the second part of the trilogy, "Indrapura", in 2006. Both of them have also collaborated in "Saan Darating Ang Umaga?", an afternoon soap on GMA 7
See also: Bidasari AVP

</doc>
<doc id="21517016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517016" title="Jericho (1937 film)">
Jericho (1937 film)

Jericho is a 1937 British drama film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Paul Robeson, Henry Wilcoxon and Wallace Ford. It is also known by the alternative title Dark Sands.
Paul Robeson considered Jericho one of his most positive accomplishments in projecting a screen image of a Black man with courage, honor, self-sacrifice and intelligence who achieves success and happiness. The epic film begins as a World War I American troop ship is torpedoed, and many soldiers are trapped below the deck. Robeson plays Jericho Jackson, a medical student drafted into the war. Jericho heroically saves the trapped men, in defiance of his superior’s orders to abandon ship, but he accidentally kills the officer in the melee. Despite his heroism, Jericho is court-martialed for refusing an order. Embittered, he escapes, and an officer named Captain Mack is held responsible for his escape and court-martialed.
Jericho ends up in North Africa, where he meets the Tuareg people. When he uses his medical skills to heal the sick, the Tuareg welcome Jericho into their tribe, and he marries and raises a family with them, eventually becoming their leader. He leads his people to victory over rivals and brings peace and unity to the region through which the Tuareg trek annually to trade for salt. When an anthropology film crew’s coverage of the salt trek is shown in London, Captain Mack spots Jericho in the film and vows to track him down. Finally, when the Captain sees what good works Jericho has done for his people, he relents.
It is telling of Robeson’s demand for final cut that at this point in the story, Jericho, homesick, was to agree to help clear the captain’s name in the United States. After their plane crashes in the desert, Jericho dies trying to save Captain Mack. Instead, Robeson simply requested that the movie end with the captain flying off alone and crashing in the desert.

</doc>
<doc id="21517027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517027" title="Lady Mary FitzWilliam">
Lady Mary FitzWilliam

Lady Mary FitzWilliam (1851–1921) was the daughter of William Wentworth-FitzWilliam, 6th Earl FitzWilliam and of Lady Frances Harriet Douglas. On May 23, 1872 she married the Hon. Hugh Le Despencer Boscawen (1849–1908), son of Evelyn Boscawen, 6th Viscount Falmouth (1819–1889).
Lady Mary was one of eight train bearers at the wedding of HRH Princess Helena's wedding to Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein on 5 July 1866 at Windsor Castle, Windsor, Berkshire, England.
Rosarian Henry Bennett (1823–1890) named the rose cultivar Lady Mary FitzWilliam in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="21517047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517047" title="Davis Drewiske">
Davis Drewiske

Davis Anthony Drewiske (born November 22, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently with the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Davis played his youth hockey for the Hudson Raiders Youth Hockey Association. Drewiske attended High School in Hudson, Wisconsin. His accomplishments included 1 state title and was the recipient of the Wisconsin High School Mr. Hockey award in 2003 having successfully recovered from a neck fracture in the previous season.
Undrafted, Drewiske started his junior career with Des Moines Buccaneers of the USHL before joining the University of Wisconsin in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. Drewiske captained and tied for first on the team in goals for defenseman in his last season with the Badgers.
On April 1, 2008, Drewiske signed an entry-level contract with the Los Angeles Kings. He was then assigned to affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs of the American Hockey League for the end of the 2007–08 season. Drewiske started the 2008–09 season with the Monarchs before receiving his first call up to the Kings on February 2, 2009. Drewiske made his NHL debut in a 1-0 win against the Ottawa Senators on February 3, 2009. His first NHL goal was an empty net goal to seal a 6-4 win on October 6, 2009 against the San Jose Sharks.
During the lockout shortened 2012–13 season, Drewiske was traded by the Kings to the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for a fifth round pick in the 2013 NHL Draft on April 2, 2013.
On June 13, 2013, he was signed a two-year contract extension with the Canadiens.

</doc>
<doc id="21517052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517052" title="IIHF European Cup 1983">
IIHF European Cup 1983

The 1982-1983 European Cup was the eighteenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 12, 1982, and finished on August 28, 1983.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21517066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517066" title="Savannah Outen">
Savannah Outen

Savannah Outen (born October 14, 1992 in Hillsboro, Oregon) is an American singer who gained popularity on YouTube. Outen began posting videos of herself singing on YouTube in March 2007 along with Angelika Vee and Esmee Denters. In 2010 she collaborated with Boyce Avenue on their sixth acoustic album, New Acoustic Sessions. She appeared in the 85th Annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on November 24, 2011.
Music.
She has also been asked to sing the National Anthem at many professional sports venues, including the Oakland Raiders, Los Angeles Dodgers, Anaheim Angels, Seattle Mariners, Seattle SuperSonics, Seattle Storm, and the Portland Beavers. From 2002 to 2006 she was a member of the Junior BlazerDancers dance group. In 2006, she won the youth talent contest at the Washington County Fair in her hometown.
In fall 2007, Keith Thomas of Levosia Entertainment signed Outen to a recording and management contract. Savannah's first single from the three demo CD released by Levosia Entertainment was "Goodbyes." That song drew comparisons to Carrie Underwood and Britney Spears from MTV's Pop Cultured. Outen's first video was a cover of the song "Listen" from the motion picture "Dream Girls"
On May 31, 2008, Outen's first single, "Goodbyes", was featured on Radio Disney's Music Mailbag. She received a 95% pick and on June 2, the song was added to the Radio Disney playlist. Within two weeks, it debuted at #28 on the Top 30 Countdown, charting for 18 straight weeks and peaking at #5, making it the highest rated song an unsigned artist has ever achieved on Radio Disney. Her latest song, "Fighting For My Life", was on the music mailbag on 10/31/09 and got a 98% pick by listeners. She reached 19 million views on her YouTube account by October 2008.
Outen removed her cover songs from YouTube on March 17, 2009, due to concerns over copyright violations but returned them a short time later.
On April 3, 2009, the music video to her second single, "If You Only Knew" was posted on YouTube. It was directed by Mason Dixon, who also directed her first music video for "Goodbyes", and starred Disney Channel's Tony Oller ("As The Bell Rings") as "Cas". It has since garnered more than 4 million views. In December 2009, clothing designed by Outen for Primp Girl went on sale, with the profits from the sales given to a charity selected by Outen.
Biography.
Savannah Outen was born on October 14, 1992 to Barry and Lisa Outen. Outen's hometown is Hillsboro, Oregon, in the Portland metropolitan area. There she attended Century High School, but as of 2009 is home schooled by her parents, Barry and Lisa Outen. She is a bit ahead, and graduated early. At age 12, Outen made it to the finals of "America's Best New Talent."
"Goodbyes" was released in 2008 on iTunes. She wrote "Goodbyes" during her middle-school graduation about a friend who was moving to a different high-school from her.
"So What" and "Tell Me It's True" was recorded by a Local Producer and it's on a Universal Records Music Catalog. According to her parents, it was supposed to be used as Demos for record labels. But according to her ex-manager, Keith Thomas, he received acoustic versions of 3 songs: "Goodbyes", "Unlock The Door" (later a free single at her extinct website SavannahOfficial.com) and "My Dream Is".
"Goodbyes" is on "Radio Disney Jams, Vol. 11". It peaked 5 at Radio Disney Countdown, making her the first unsigned artist to reach such a big position at that radio. It got a music video directed by Mason Dixon, shot in Nashville.
"Fighting for My Life" was on Radio Disney music mailbag and got picked with 95% of approval.
Savannah appeared in the first five Rising Stars Webshow episodes, part of the popular online Radio Disney fansite, Radio Disney Club. One out of five episodes are currently online, after the club was hacked. Savannah posted about the webshow on her Twitter page the night it debuted and two weeks later. A cover of the song "No Place Like Here" from the straight to DVD film "Quest for Zhu" (which was served as the film's theme song) can be heard on the film's as a Bonus Track. Savannah appeared on the Radio Disney Club on November 25, 2011, in celebration of their fourth birthday, in a follow-up interview.
Savannah Outen was named by Billbaord.com's visitors as one of the six finalists to perform at the Billboard 2012 Battle of the Bands. She performed on May 18, 2012 in the showdown alongside her competition Saints of Valory, Patent Pending, After the Smoke, Take the Day, and Doe Eye, but did not win. Outen also made a small cameo appearance in the December 2012 Judd Apatow movie "This is 40".
Discography.
Music videos.
Demi Lovato Heart Attack

</doc>
<doc id="21517084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517084" title="TERROIR (architecture firm)">
TERROIR (architecture firm)

TERROIR is an Australian Architecture firm. TERROIR was founded simultaneously in Hobart and Sydney in 1998 by Professor Richard Blythe (Hobart / Melbourne), Gerard Reinmuth (Sydney) and Scott Balmforth (Hobart). Director Richard Blythe is a Professor in Architecture and Head of School of Architecture and Design at RMIT.
Notable works.
TERROIR’s most notable works include Peppermint Bay, Tasmania, Australia (2002) a tourism venture on the D'Entrecasteaux Channel; the redevelopment of 88-89 George St, The Rocks, Sydney, Australia which was the first State heritage building to be awarded a 5 star Green Star rating; Commonwealth Place Kiosks, Canberra, featured on the cover of the "Architectural Review Australia no. 105".; and the Burnie Makers' Workshop in Burnie, Tasmania, featured on the cover of "Architectural Review Australia no.114" and in the online journal "Australian Design Review".
Media.
In August 2007 DAB Documents, University of Technology Sydney (UTS) published "Terroir: Cosmopolitan Ground", edited by Balmforth and Reinmuth.
TERROIR was included in the 2008 and 2012 Venice Biennale.
TERROIR is selected to be creative directors of the 2009 Australian Institute of Architects annual conference, entitled "Parallax", to be held in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="21517087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517087" title="Barazai">
Barazai

Barazai is a village situated in the east of Hazro Tehsil, Attock District in northern Punjab in Pakistan. Its altitude is 315 metres (1036 feet).
Demographics.
Barazai is the biggest village of Union Council Malak Mala with a population of nearly 16,000. The founder of this village was Barza Khan, who came from Ghazni, Afghanistan. He had six sons: Qasim Khan, Maghdoz Khan, Mirza Khan, Shabaz Khan, Nawaz Khan and Kooden Khan. The four mohallahs are named after the first four sons.
A large percentage of the population of Barazai has Pashtun roots. They are mostly descendants of the Musa zai (Sar kani) and Alizai (Durrani) tribes. The residents of this village speak Hindko and Pashto, and they follow the Pashtunwali code of conduct. Other tribes originated from Peshawar.
People from Barazai have migrated to other countries including United Kingdom, United States and Hong Kong.
Most residents of this village work in agriculture.
Many people from Barazai work in the Merchant Navy of Pakistan.
Infrastructure.
Barazai has both girls' and boys' high schools. There are one Sufi Buzorg Almahroof Baba Ji Sahib who belongs to Barazi. Also. there are some other Ziarat Shaheed Baba. Basically Barazai had 4 mohallahs at Start "Maghdoobzai", "Qasim Khail", "Shaba Khail" and "Mulla Khail" but recently it contains "Musa Khaill", "Mashriqi Dhwok", "Maghrabi Dhowk","Nawab Abad", "School Banda" and many more. Barazai contains 25 Masjids (mosques) and one Post Office. Islamic School for both Girls and Boys Jawairul Uloom under wafaqul Mudaras the funder of these Islamic School Haji Abdul Aziz Sab (late).

</doc>
<doc id="21517090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517090" title="Colgan Air Flight 3407">
Colgan Air Flight 3407

Colgan Air Flight 3407, marketed as Continental Connection under a codeshare agreement with Continental Airlines, was a Bombardier Dash-8 Q400, registration number N200WQ, on a scheduled regional airline flight from Newark, New Jersey, to Buffalo, New York. On February 12, 2009, at 10:17 p.m. EST, the plane crashed into a house in Clarence Center, New York, after experiencing an aerodynamic stall. All 49 people on board were killed, along with one person in the house.
The accident, which triggered a wave of inquiries over the operations of regional airlines in the United States, was the first fatal accident of a commercial airliner in the U.S. since the August 2006 crash of Comair Flight 191, and was the most recent until the crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 on July 6, 2013, in San Francisco. It remains the most recent fatal crash of a U.S.-based commercial airline. Families of the accident's victims lobbied the U.S. Congress to enact more stringent regulations over regional carriers, and apply greater scrutiny to safe operating procedures and the working conditions of pilots. The Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administrative Extension Act of 2010 required some of these regulation changes.
The accident was investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), with a final report issued on February 2, 2010. The NTSB determined that the accident was caused by the pilots' inability to respond properly to the stall warnings.
Flight details.
Colgan Air Flight 3407 (9L/CJC 3407) was marketed as Continental Connection Flight 3407. The flight made a delayed departure at 9:20 p.m. EST, en route from Newark Liberty International Airport to Buffalo Niagara International Airport. The flight was one of seven Continental flights bound for Buffalo Niagara that day, out of a total of 110 incoming and departing flights across all carriers at Buffalo.
The aircraft was a 74-seat Bombardier Dash 8 Q400, registered N200WQ. The two-engine turboprop was owned and operated by Colgan Air. N200WQ was registered with the Federal Aviation Administration in April 2008 and entered service later that month.
The Q400 model has been involved in 13 incidents, but the crash of Flight 3407 was the first resulting in fatalities. This crash was also the first fatality on a Colgan Air passenger flight since the company was founded in 1991; there was a previous fatal accident (not involving passengers) in August 2003 when a repositioning flight crashed offshore of Massachusetts, killing both crew members. The only prior aviation incident on a Colgan Air passenger flight occurred at LaGuardia Airport, when another plane collided with the Colgan aircraft while taxiing, resulting in minor injuries to a flight attendant.
The crew of four was led by Captain Marvin Renslow, age 47, of Lutz, Florida, who was hired by Colgan in 2005 and had flown 3,263 hours. 110 of these hours were on the Dash-8 Q400 (all 110 as captain). First Officer Rebecca Lynne Shaw, age 24, of Maple Valley, Washington, was hired by Colgan in January 2008, and had flown 2,200 hours, 772 of them in the Q400 (colloquially stated in aviation as "time in type"). Flight attendants Matilda Quintero and Donna Prisco both joined Colgan in May 2008. Captain Joseph Zuffoletto, an off-duty crew member aboard Flight 3407, was hired by Colgan in September 2005.
Crash.
The Q400 had been cleared for the ILS runway 23 approach to Buffalo Niagara International Airport when it disappeared from radar. Weather conditions were a wintry mix in the area, with light snow, fog, and winds at 17 miles per hour (15 knots). The de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes into the flight by the crew, who discussed significant ice buildup on the aircraft's wings and windscreen shortly before the crash. Two other aircraft reported icing conditions around the time of the crash. The last radio transmission from the flight occurred when the plane was 3.0 miles (4.8 km) northeast of the airport radio beacon known as KLUMP (see diagram), when First Officer Shaw acknowledged a routine instruction to change to tower frequency. The aircraft crashed 41 seconds after the last transmission. After several attempts to hail the crew, controllers requested the assistance of Delta Air Lines Flight 1998 from Atlanta, GA and US Airways Flight 1452 from Charlotte, NC to make visual contact with the missing airplane; the Delta crew members responded that they did not see the plane.
During the flight and continuing through the plane's landing approach, the crew had been flying on autopilot. During final approach, the pilots extended the aircraft's flaps and landing gear for landing. After the landing gear and flaps had been extended, the flight data recorder (FDR) indicated that the airspeed had decayed to . The Q400 went into a yaw (moved off course) and pitched up at an angle of 31 degrees in its final moments, before pitching down at 45 degrees. It then rolled to the left at 46 degrees and snapped back to the right at 105 degrees. Occupants aboard experienced forces estimated at nearly twice that of gravity. Witnesses on the ground indicated that they heard the engines sputter just before the crash.
The plane struggled for about 25 seconds, during which time the crew made no emergency declaration. It rapidly lost altitude and crashed into a private home at 6038 Long Street, about 5 miles (8 km) from the end of the runway, and nearly directly under its intended approach path, with the nose pointed away from the destination airport. The aircraft exploded on impact, destroying the house and most of the plane, with the tail of the plane broken off and nearly intact. The house was the home of Douglas and Karen Wielinski along with their daughter Jill. Douglas was killed; his wife and daughter escaped with minor injuries and were treated at the Millard Fillmore Suburban hospital. The lots in the area are only 60 feet (18.3 meters) wide; the plane hit the house squarely, destroying it in the ensuing fire with little damage to surrounding homes. The home was close to the Clarence Center Fire Company, so emergency personnel were able to respond quickly. While fighting the blaze, two firefighters were injured. The crash and intense fire caused the evacuation of 12 nearby houses.
Victims.
A total of 50 people were killed, including all 49 passengers and crew on board, and one resident of the house that was struck. One woman on the plane was pregnant. There were four injuries on the ground, including two other people inside the home at the time of the crash. Among the dead were:
Investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) announced that they would send a team to the crash site on February 13 to begin the investigation. NTSB spokesman Steve Chealander said that 14 investigators were assigned to the crash of Continental Connection Flight 3407. Both the Flight data recorder (FDR) and the Cockpit voice recorder (CVR) were retrieved and analyzed in Washington, D.C.
Anglin Aircraft Recovery Services, LLC of Delaware, USA dispatched a crew of 8 specialist to engineer and effect the recovery of the aircraft remains. They performed rigging, extraction, loading and securement of the wreckage for transport to their secure storage facility for future analysis.
After initial FDR and CVR analysis, it was determined that the aircraft went through severe pitch and roll oscillations after positioning its flaps and landing gear for landing. Until that time, the Dash 8 had been maneuvering normally. The de-icing system was reported to be turned on. During descent, the crew reported about of visibility with snow and mist. Preceding the crash, the aircraft's stall-protection systems had activated. Instead of the aircraft's diving straight into the house as was initially thought, it was found that the aircraft fell before crashing pointing northeast, away from the destination airport. The passengers were given no warning of any trouble by the pilots. Occupants aboard the Dash 8 experienced an estimated force two times that of gravity just before impact. Chealander said information from the aircraft's flight data recorder indicates that the plane pitched up at an angle of 31 degrees, then down at 45 degrees. The Dash 8 rolled to the left at 46 degrees, then snapped back to the right at 105 degrees, before crashing into the house, and erupting in flames on impact.
At the crash scene, an area in size was cordoned off, despite the small footprint of the actual damage. Investigators stated it would take three or four days to remove all human remains and a few weeks to positively identify them. As the recovery efforts proceeded, Chealander remarked that freezing temperatures as well as difficulty accessing debris were slowing the investigation. Portable heaters had to be brought to the site to melt ice left in the wake of the firefighting efforts. Initial analysis of the aircraft's remains revealed the cockpit had sustained the greatest impact force, while the main cabin was mostly destroyed by the ensuing fireball. Towards the rear of the aircraft, passengers were found still strapped in their seats.
On February 15, more information on the crash was released by the NTSB saying it appeared the plane had been on autopilot when it went down. The investigators did not find evidence of the severe icing conditions that would have required the pilots to fly manually. Colgan Air recommends pilots fly manually in icing conditions, and requires they do so in severe icing conditions. The NTSB had issued a safety alert about the use of autopilot in icing conditions in December 2008. Without flying manually, pilots may be unable to feel changes in the handling characteristics of the airplane, which is a warning sign of ice buildup. The NTSB also revealed that the plane crashed a mere 26 seconds after trouble was first registered on the flight data recorder.
More details emerged on February 18. It was reported that a re-creation of events leading up to the crash indicated that the stick pusher had activated, which pushes the nose down when it determines a stall is imminent in order to maintain airspeed so the wings continue to generate lift and keep the aircraft aloft. The crew, concerned about a nose-down attitude so close to the ground, may have responded by pulling the nose upward and increasing power, but over-corrected, causing a stall or even a spin. Bill Voss, president of Flight Safety Foundation, told USA Today that it sounded like the plane was in "a deep stall situation".
On March 25, 2009, NTSB investigators said that icing probably did not contribute greatly to the accident. On May 11, 2009, new information came out that Captain Renslow had failed three "check rides" - the flying equivalent of driver proficiency tests, including some at Gulfstream International with its controversial pay-to-fly program, and it was suggested that he may not have been adequately trained to respond to the emergency that led to the airplane's fatal descent. Crew fatigue was also suspected, as both pilots appear to have been at Newark airport overnight and all day before the 9:18 pm departure. In response to questioning from the NTSB, Colgan Air officials acknowledged that both pilots apparently were not paying close attention to the aircraft's instruments and unable to follow the airline's procedures for handling an impending stall in the final minutes of the flight. 'I believe Capt. Renslow did have intentions of landing safely at Buffalo, as well as first officer Shaw, but obviously in those last few moments ... the flight instruments were not being monitored, and that's an indication of a lack of situational awareness,' said John Barrett, Colgan's director of flight standards. The official transcript of the crew's communication, obtained from the cockpit voice recorder, as well as an animated depiction of the crash, constructed using data from the flight data recorder were made available to the public on May 12, 2009, the first day of the public hearing which was led by NTSB Chairman at the time Mark Rosenker. Some of the crew's communication violated federal rules banning nonessential conversation. From May 12 to May 14, the NTSB interviewed 20 witnesses of the flight.
On June 3, 2009, the New York Times published an article detailing complaints about Colgan's operations from an FAA inspector who observed test flights in January 2008. As in a previous FAA incident handling other inspectors' complaints, the Colgan inspector's complaints were deferred and the inspector was demoted. The incident is under investigation by the Office of Special Counsel, the agency responsible for U.S. Government federal whistle-blower complaints.
Safety issues examined during the accident investigation process included pilot training, hiring, and fatigue problems, leading the FAA to issue a "Call to Action" for improvements in the practices of regional carriers.
On February 2, 2010, the NTSB adopted its final report into the accident. This was the first time in 15 years that a report had been adopted by the NTSB in less than a year from the date of the accident. It concluded that the cause of the accident was pilot error. They determined that both Renslow and Shaw responded inconsistently with company stall recovery procedures, which led to the stall. However the NTSB was unable to determined why retracted the flaps and also suggested that the landing gear should be retracted The method by which civil aircraft pilots can obtain their licenses was also criticized by the NTSB. The report was published on February 25.
The NTSB determined that in addition to Renslow's inadequate response to the stick shaker activation, there were key contributing factors. Primary among these were the flight crew's failure to monitor airspeed in relation to the rising position of the lowspeed cue and adhere to sterile cockpit procedures, Renslow's failure to effectively manage the flight, and Colgan Air’s inadequate airspeed selection and management procedures for approaches in icing conditions.
Renslow's decision to pull back on the elevators when the stick began to shake, raising the nose, baffled investigators initially, since that was the exact opposite of what pilots are trained to do in that situation. Since it caused the stall, it was the reason his error was blamed for the crash. Investigators were still not sure why he had pulled when he should have pushed, as he had at least within which to recover.
One eventually looked at the Practical Test Standards (PTS) for ATP certification, which allowed for an altitude loss of no more than 100 feet (30 m) in a simulated stall. The NTSB theorized that due to this low tolerance, pilots may have come to fear loss of altitude in a stall and so acted more to prevent that, even to the detriment of recovering from the stall itself. New standards subsequently issued by the FAA eliminate any specific amount, calling instead for "minimal loss of elevation" in a stall. One examiner has told an aviation magazine that he is not allowed to fail any applicant for losing altitude in a simulated stall so long as the pilot is able to regain the original altitude.
Dramatization.
The story of the disaster was featured on the tenth season of Canadian National Geographic Channel show "Mayday" episode entitled "Dead Tired" (known as "Air Emergency" in the US, Mayday in Ireland and France, and "Air Crash Investigation" in the UK and the rest of world).

</doc>
<doc id="21517094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517094" title="Kentucky Cup Turf Stakes">
Kentucky Cup Turf Stakes

The Kentucky Cup Turf Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Kentucky Downs racetrack in Franklin, Kentucky. A Grade III turf race open to horses age three and older, it is contested at a distance of miles (12 furlongs) on a European-style turf course laid out in a kidney shape.
The Kentucky Cup Turf Stakes is run in mid September as the feature event on the racecourse's opening day. It was first run in 1991 as the Sam Houston Handicap but was on hiatus after the track closed due to financial difficulties. When the track reopened in 1998 the race was renamed the Kentucky Cup Turf Handicap as part of the Kentucky Cup Turf Festival
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="21517102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517102" title="Soji Shimada">
Soji Shimada

Biography.
Soji Shimada graduated from Seishikan High School in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima Prefecture, and later Musashino Art University as a Commercial arts design major. 
After spending years as a dump truck driver, free writer, and musician, Shimada made his debut as a novelist in 1981 when "The Tokyo Zodiac Murders" (formerly known as "Astrology's Magic") remained as a finalist in the Edogawa Rampo Award.
His most well-known works include the "Detective Mitarai Series" and the "Detective Yoshiki Series". His works often involve themes such as the death penalty, Nihonjinron (his theory on the Japanese people), and Japanese and international culture. He is a strong supporter of amateur "Honkaku" (logic) mystery writers. Following the trend of "Shakaiha Mystery" (Societal Logic mystery) led by Seicho Matsumoto, Shimada was the pioneer of "Shinhonkaku" logic mystery genre. He bred authors such as Yukito Ayatsuji and Shogo Utano, and he led the mystery boom from the late 1980s to present day. As the father of "Shinhonkaku," Shimada is sometimes referred to as "The Godfather of Shinhonkaku" or "God of Mystery.”
Though a grave critic and writer, Shimada is not the harsh, grim character that many imagine him to be; in fact, he is quite friendly in person. One could get a sense of his character in his humor mysteries such as "Soseki and the London Mummy Murders" and "Let There Be Murder, Any Kind of Murder". These books, especially the latter, involves an extravagant mystery trick as well as elements of satire, confusion, youth, and survival. These colorful themes made the book into a great hit, and were made into a short series.
In recent years, Shimada has begun a new challenge—an animated series called the "Taiga Novels," collaborated with the renowned illustrator Masamune Shirow. Upon its kick-off in January 2008, he and Shirow plan to create a twelve-book series through the Kodansha BOX publishers. On top of the BOX, Shimada holds a column in the celebrated magazine, the "Weekly Shincho". He is also heading two newly founded Amateur Mystery Novel contests—first, "The City of Roses Fukuyama Mystery Award" for amateur writers in Japan, and the "Soji Shimada Logic Mystery Award" in Taiwan, sponsored by Crown Publishing company. Even past the age of sixty, Shimada's passion for writing has become stronger than ever: he is truly the maestro of Shinhonkaku mystery.
Major Works (in chronological order).
Novels.
Detective Takeshi Yoshiki Series.
All works, with the exception of "The Fading "Crystal Express,"" have been published by Kobunsha Press. A portion of the works have been
adapted into a TV series by TBS: Takeshi Yoshiki Series.

</doc>
<doc id="21517120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517120" title="Bukit Selambau by-election, 2009">
Bukit Selambau by-election, 2009

The Bukit Selambau by-election, 2009 was by-election held for a vacancy in the Kedah State Assembly seat of Bukit Selambau following the resignation of V. Arumugam People's Justice Party (PKR). 
The seat was held by PKR in the by-election, with S. Manikumar defeating Datuk S. Ganesan of the Malaysian Indian Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="21517159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517159" title="KUNW-CD">
KUNW-CD

KUNW-CD, channel 2, is the Univision affiliate for Yakima, Washington. Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, it began broadcasting in the Yakima DMA in 2007. It is operated out of the studios of sister station KIMA-TV. In July 2007, Fisher Communications began broadcasting a regional newscast at 6 and 11pm with anchors Jaime Mendez and Roxy de la Torre from Seattle and Portland respectively, containing content from Seattle, Portland, Yakima and the Tri-Cities. In 2008, the newscast was localized to each market with Iván García as the main anchor for Noticias Noroeste Yakima y Tri-Cities. On September 11, 2009, KUNW-LP began broadcasting a low-power digital signal (KUNW-LD) along with its analog signal. The call sign for the digital station was changed to KUNW-CD on March 16, 2012.
On November 1, 2012, the license for the analog station was surrendered to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), and the KUNW-LP call sign was deleted from the FCC's database.
KUNW's programming is also seen on two additional stations, both serving the Tri-Cities area of Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick, Washington:
An additional station, KWWA-CA channel 49, previously served Ellensburg. However, the station signed off April 17, 2008 after suffering antenna failure; Fisher opted to return the license to the FCC instead of repairing the antenna, and KWWA's license was canceled on June 4, 2008.
On April 11, 2013, Fisher announced that it would sell its properties, including KUNW, KVVK, and KORX, to the Sinclair Broadcast Group. The deal was completed on August 8, 2013. 
News/station presentation.
News team.
Anchors
Weather
Sports
Reporters

</doc>
<doc id="21517162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517162" title="Journal of Occupational Health Psychology">
Journal of Occupational Health Psychology

The Journal of Occupational Health Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the American Psychological Association. It "publishes research, theory, and public policy articles in occupational health psychology, an interdisciplinary field representing a broad range of backgrounds, interests, and specializations. Occupational health psychology concerns the application of psychology to improving the quality of work life and to protecting and promoting the safety, health, and well-being of workers."
History.
The idea for the journal emerged in discussions that took place in the 1990s among Steven Sauter and his colleagues at the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, Gary VandenBos (American Psychological Association), and James Campbell Quick (University of Texas at Arlington). With Quick named as editor-in-chief, the journal was first published in 1996. It "focuses on the work environment, the individual, and the work-family interface." It is published by the American Psychological Association.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Applied Social Sciences Index & Abstracts, Current Contents, EMBASE/Exerpta Medica, PsycINFO, Index Medicus/MEDLINE/Pubmed, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.786, ranking it 8th out of 72 journals in the category "Psychology, Applied" and 13th out of 136 journals in the category "Public, Environmental & Occupational Health".

</doc>
<doc id="21517181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517181" title="Native Land">
Native Land

Native Land is a 1942 documentary film directed by Leo Hurwitz and Paul Strand. 
A combination of a documentary format and staged reenactments, the film depicted the struggle of trade unions against union-busting corporations, their spies and contractors. It was based on the 1938 report of the La Follette Committee's investigation of the repression of labor organizing.
Famous African-American singer, actor and activist Paul Robeson participated as an off-screen narrator and vocalist.
Restoration and re-release.
A restored version of the film was released in 2011. The film was restored by the UCLA Film & Television Archive, funded by the Packard Humanities Institute. 
The new print was made “from the original 35mm nitrate picture negative, a 35mm safety duplicate negative, and a 35mm safety up-and-down track negative.”
The restoration premiered at the UCLA Festival of Preservation on March 26, 2011 and was screened at other North American cities in 2011 including Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="21517200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517200" title="Băbeni (disambiguation)">
Băbeni (disambiguation)

Băbeni may refer to several places in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="21517203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517203" title="Băbeni">
Băbeni

Băbeni is a town located in Vâlcea County, Romania. The town, elevated to that status in 2002, administers six villages: Bonciu, Capu Dealului, Pădureţu, Români, Tătărani and Valea Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="21517210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517210" title="United States Joint Intelligence Community Council">
United States Joint Intelligence Community Council

The Joint Intelligence Community Council (JICC) assists the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) in implementing a joint, unified national intelligence effort to protect national and homeland security and advise the DNI on setting requirements, managing finances, establishing uniform intelligence policies, and monitoring and evaluating performance of the Intelligence Community.
Establishment.
The Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 established the Joint Intelligence Community Council as an Executive oversight body to the Intelligence Community. The JICC meets semiannually. To see a copy of the JICC's first meeting in pdf format, click here. 
Membership.
The Director of National Intelligence chairs the Joint Intelligence Community Council. Other members of the oversight body include:
Functions.
Advise the DNI.
In order to assist the Director of National Intelligence in developing and implementing a joint, unified national intelligence effort to protect national security, the Joint Intelligence Community Council serves two functions. The first function is to advise the DNI on how to most effectively establish requirements, develop budgets, manage finances, and monitor and evaluate the performance of the Intelligence Community. This list is not exhaustive, however, as the DNI may request the JICC for advisement on other matters related to national security.
Ensure the Execution of Programs.
The second function designated to the Joint Intelligence Community Council to ensure a unified intelligence effort is to ensure the timely execution of programs, policies, and directives established by the Chairman, the DNI.
Advice and Opinions of Members other than the Chairman.
The Director of National Intelligence (Chairman of the JICC) presents his/her advice and opinions gathered from the advice and opinions of the JICC to the President and National Security Council. If a dissenting member of the JICC disagrees with, or wishes to add to, the advice and opinions of the Chairman presented to the President and the National Security Council, the dissenting member may submit to the Chairman his/her opinions. If such a situation occurs, the Chairman must present the advice or opinions of the dissenting member at the same time as the Chairman presents his/hers to the President and the National Security Council. As a result, the Chairman must establish procedures to ensure that the presentation of the advice of the Chairman to the President and the National Security Council is not unduly delayed due to the submission of dissenting opinions.
Recommendations to Congress.
All members of the Joint Intelligence Community Council may present any recommendations relating to the Intelligence Community to Congress as the presenter considers appropriate.
Effectiveness.
Positives.
According to Tom Ridge, former Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Joint Intelligence Community Council is critical to the Intelligence Community. The Chairman of the JICC reports to the President as the head of the Intelligence Community. The JICC is critical to ensuring that the Chairman provides sound advice to the President and the National Security Council. Additionally, the JICC provides each of its members the opportunity to shape intelligence priorities.
Criticisms.
Critics of the effectiveness of the Joint Intelligence Community Council offer two key criticisms. First, the members of the JICC, other than the Chairman, are unlikely to have the time to devote to intelligence management issues. In addition to serving on the oversight body examining intelligence, members of the JICC are also responsible for managing the Treasury, State Department, the Department of Defense, Justice Department, etc. The second criticism against the effectiveness of the JICC is the lack of power yielded to the Chairman. In addition to the rights of all JICC member to convey their view to the President, all of the members, aside from the Chairman, have additional avenues to speak to the President separate from the JICC. This current structure challenges the power and decisions of the Chairman. 

</doc>
<doc id="21517214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517214" title="Pet psychic">
Pet psychic

A pet psychic, or animal communicator is a person who claims to communicate psychically with animals. Some pet psychics claim to communicate with long-dead animals, while others can be characterized as animal communicators or animal psychologists. The term psychic refers to an alleged ability to perceive information hidden from the normal senses through what is described as extrasensory perception.
Pet psychics rely on different techniques when doing an animal reading. These psychics allegedly communicate with animals and connect with an animal's soul. Some claim the readings are done by communicating with their "electromagnetic energy" similar to reiki and/or therapeutic touch healing. Others claim the animal does not need to be alive or physically close to the psychic as noted with phone readings. Tarot cards recently have been designed specifically for pet readings by their owners. Skeptics attribute such putative powers to intentional trickery or self-delusion.
A pet psychic is different from a pet whisperer like Cesar Millan or Monty Roberts who use body language and an understanding of animal psychology to communicate with the animal.
In the early twentieth century, the Association for Research and Enlightenment began researching paranormal and psychic abilities in humans. The first animal communicators claimed they could communicate telepathically with animals living or dead.
The number of businesses offering pet psychic services has steadily increased, but the industry remains unregulated and scientifically unverified. The services offered include advice and counsel to clients.
Criticism of pet psychics.
The scientific community has rejected all claims of psychic phenomena, and no compelling evidence of psychic phenomena has been found in the past few centuries of experimentation.
In 2008, a study using neuroimaging provides the strongest evidence yet obtained against the existence of paranormal mental phenomena. Using the assumption that psychic ability originates in the brain, the authors used fMRI scanning of participants' brains during the use of psi and non psi stimuli. Participants were either emotionally or biologically related to one another. The experiment was designed to create positive results if psi phenomena occurred. While the participants' reactions to non psi stimuli were as expected from previous studies, the psi inducing stimuli showed indistinguishable difference to non psi stimuli.
In 1991, an opinion survey amongst scientists in the NAS regarding ESP, psi, and parapsychological research indicated that 96% of scientist polled described themselves as "skeptical" of the existence of ESP with 2% believing in psi and 10% thinking that parapsychology research should be encouraged.
Joe Nickell believes that cold reading can explain why so many pet psychics appear to communicate with animals. Pet psychics like Gerri Leigh and Animal Planet's Sonya Fitzpatrick work in front of audiences with the pets and owners present at the same time. Although appearing to be impressive, the conclusions and pronouncements are "validated" by the pet owners and not the pets themselves. Furthermore, linguistic professor Karen Stollznow tested a pet psychic with a cat named Jed. Not only was the psychic "completely inaccurate in her reading of Jed's age, place of birth, background, behavior, health, and my health..." she was unable to tell that Jed was not her cat. Stollznow concluded that "language is human-species specific. We don't and can't 'know' what animals think."
In the media.
The Pet Psychic with Sonya Fitzpatrick was the most well known television show that portrays this topic. She now has a radio program called Animal Intuition on the Sirius Satellite Radio service. The hosts of the "Oh No, Ross and Carrie!" podcast investigated the efficacy of pet psychics.
Hilary Renaissance is Pet Psychic who specializes in helping people locate their missing and stolen pets. Her telepathic abilities were put to the test by skeptical television News Reporter John Sharify of ABC TV's Seattle KOMO 4 Evening News in a news segment titled "Meet the Amazing Pet Psychic" Could Pet Psychic Hilary really locate lost pets? The news report features a testimonial from a Mississippi police chief about how information provided by Hilary led to the recovery of a stolen dog. A lady in Redmond, Washington testified that she found her missing cat with Hilary's assistance.
In another television news report, WRCB TV investigative reporter Jonquil Newland credits Pet Psychic Hilary for helping a Tennessee family reunite with their missing dog.

</doc>
<doc id="21517229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517229" title="Carl E. Douglas">
Carl E. Douglas

Carl E. Douglas (born May 8, 1955) is an American lawyer, specializing in police misconduct cases. He is best known for being one of the defense attorneys in the O.J. Simpson murder case. Douglas attended Northwestern University for undergraduate degree and was admitted to the California State Bar after earning his Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree the University of California-Berkeley Boalt School of Law. He is the former managing attorney at the Law Office of Johnnie Cochran Jr, before leaving the firm to start his own firm, The Douglas Law Group, in 1998. Among Douglas' other clients was singer Michael Jackson (both trials), actors Jamie Foxx, and Queen Latifah, and Basketball Hall of Famer Elgin Baylor.
Career.
Douglas, being the managing attorney at the Law Office of Johnnie Cochran Jr, was known in many law circles as one of Cochran's top attorneys. Douglas was viewed as Cochran's right-hand man, being involved in Cochran cases such as rappers Tupac Shakur and Sean Combs, as well as "Diff'rent Strokes" star Todd Bridges. Within a year after leaving the Cochran firm, Douglas was one of the lawyers in the biggest verdict of 1999 in the case of Patricia Anderson vs. General Motors. In the verdict, General Motors was ordered to pay a record price of $4.9 billion for damages when two women and four children were trapped inside a 1979 Chevrolet Malibu and the gas tank exploded on Christmas Eve of 1993. At the time, experts said it was the largest verdict for a personal injury case in history. In 1994 and again in 1999, he was honored as the "Loren Miller Lawyer of the Year" by the John M. Langston Bar Association. In 2007, he was honored as the Consumer Attorneys' Association of Los Angeles "Trial Lawyer of the Year". He now has an office in Beverly Hills, California.
In March 2008, Douglas filed a lawsuit in excess of $10 million against the City of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Police Department for the shooting death of Maurice Cox, an unarmed motorist, who was driving in South LA. Most of the shooting was capture on video by Alex Alonso, a film maker who posted the footage on www.streetgangs.com the same night.
On February 12, 2009, it was reported that Douglas and Baylor would be suing the Los Angeles Clippers and the NBA, alleging race and age discrimination issues in the Clippers franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="21517234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517234" title="Steven Martini">
Steven Martini

Steven Martini (born June 17, 1975) is a writer, actor, composer, editor, and singer/songwriter who with his older brother Derick Martini born 1972, wrote the film Lymelife. Based on experiences from the Martini's childhood, Lymelife won the FIPRESCI award at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, and premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. Martini is also known for being the singer/songwriter for the Los Angeles based band The Spaceship Martini.
Personal life.
After the release of "Major Payne", Steven moved to Los Angeles to work in film and television. Derick soon followed suit and before long they started making "Smiling Fish and Goat on Fire", in which they play the titular brother characters. The Martini brothers have gone on to portray Alex and Morris Karnofsky in "Louis" - a silent film they co-wrote - based on the historical brothers who helped Louis Armstrong get his first trumpet.
Steven's grandfathers, Harold Martini, who was the leader of the 1940s big band the Indiana Seranaders, and Pasquale Pecorarro, a natural showman who entertained the family at basement parties in Queens NY. It was Pasquale's piano that was given to his older brother Derick in hopes the tradition would continue, but after the first lesson it was clear that Steven had inherited a more intuitive musical talent. It was also Pasquale's guitar which was left to Steven after his death in 1995, that Steven wrote his first song on. His father Frederick Martini owned and operated Zinno's Jazz club on 13th street in NYC while Steven was a teenager. Steven has been in various Los Angeles based bands, including 'Shag', 'Caboose', 'Dropastone', and 'Ric Veda'.
The story of Lymelife is based on Steven and Derick's childhood in the New York suburbs of Long Island. After the incidents of the film, Steven moved from Long Island back into his birthplace of New York City, where he attended the Professional Children's School with the Culkin brothers, who would go on to portray the Martini brothers on film. It was during this period that Steven met his first true love, Adrianna, whose father had Lyme disease. This relationship is the basis of the love story between Rory Culkin and Emma Roberts in the film.
During the Sundance Labs, Kieran Culkin played the role of Scott, which is based on Steven, and was later played by his brother Rory Culkin. Steven played Jimmy, the role eventually played by Kieran, and based on older brother Derick. Alec Baldwin played their father. His brother William Baldwin co-produced Lymelife.
Career.
Steven first appeared on film as Cadet Alex Stone in "Major Payne". It was his goal to be a lead actor in a film so that he could fulfill his grandfather's dream of being on the big screen before he died. They watched the film together in theaters shortly before his grandfather's death. Steven has also worked as an actor on stage, in television, and silent film. He was one of the leads in the NBC TV series Prince Street, playing under cover officer Anthony Libretti, opposite Mariska Hargitay, Joe Morton, Vincent Spano, and Lawrence Monoson.
Steven's writing career began with Smiling Fish and Goat on Fire, a film he and his brother financed for $50,000 and starred as the title roles, which won the Discovery Award at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival. Smiling Fish was co-written and directed by Steven's friend and fellow Professional Children's School alumni, Kevin Jordan.
His second script, Lymelife, was accepted in the Sundance Institute's Film Program, where he and Derick shot, edited, and scored several scenes, which were reviewed by creative advisers such as Robert Redford, Sigourney Weaver, Wes Craven, Frank Oz, Scott Frank, and Chris McQuarrie. Some of this experience was recorded in "Sundance 20", a documentary film made by director Doug Pray.
Steven is currently the singer/songwriter of The Spaceship Martini. The Spaceship Martini has played the first Sunday of every month since 2006 in an ongoing residency at Canter's Deli, and a residency The Unknown Theater. Most recently The Spaceship Martini recorded the score of Lymelife and the end credits song "Running Out of Empty".
Steven started editing Lymelife during the 22 day film shoot in New Jersey on Final Cut Pro - a program he learned during pre-production. The film's score evolved out of the editing process.

</doc>
<doc id="21517262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517262" title="Ivan Susloparov">
Ivan Susloparov

Ivan Alexeyevich Susloparov (; the surname is often transcribed in the French manner, Sousloparov) (19 October 1897 – 16 December 1974) was a Soviet general who served as the Military Liaison Mission Commander with the French government and the Allied Expeditionary Force in Europe in 1944–45. He is mostly known as the person who signed for the Soviet Union the German Instrument of Surrender on May 7, 1945. However, since he did not have an authorization from Moscow to do so, the Soviet Union insisted on signing another Act of Military Surrender near Berlin two days later.
Biography.
Ivan Susloparov was born in the village of Krutikhintsy, in what is today Kumyonsky District of Kirov Oblast in northeastern European Russia.
In 1939, Susloparov was appointed as the Soviet military attaché in Paris, where, it is said, he also was in charge of the Soviet military intelligence network in Western Europe, including the so-called Rote Kapelle organization.
When General Officer ranks were introduced in the Red Army, Susloparov was made Major General; the commission was reported in the "Red Star" on July 12, 1940.
After the invasion of the Soviet Union by Germany in 1941, Susloparov served in the headquarters of the Red Army's artillery; from 1942 until the middle of 1944 he was the commander of the artillery of the 10th Army of the Western Front.
In the summer of 1944 Susloparov was posted to recently liberated Paris again, as the chief of the Soviet liaison mission with the French Government and the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force. His moment of fame came on May 6, 1945, when Dwight D. Eisenhower informed him of the arrival of German general Alfred Jodl with the proposal of Germany's surrender. Although initially planning to surrender only to the Western Allies, the German emissary had to agree to surrender the rump Nazi forces to all allies. At Eisenhower's suggestion, Susloparov forwarded the proposed text of the surrender instrument to his superiors in Moscow, and started to wait for the authorization to sign it in the name of the USSR. No response, however, came by the scheduled signing ceremony time (2:30 AM on May 7), and General Susloparov made the decision to sign the document, but with the caveat that a new surrender ceremony would take place elsewhere if any of the allies requested it. Susloparov executed the document using the French transliteration of his name, "Sousloparov", rather than Russian Cyrillic letters.
As Susloparov went to report on his actions to Moscow, he saw a freshly arrived order "not" to sign the surrender document.
Just as Susloparov expected, the Soviet Government indeed requested a second surrender ceremony, which took place in Karlshorst near Berlin late on May 8. General Susloparov was present there as well.
After the war, General Susloparov worked in the Military Diplomatic Academy (Военно-дипломатическая академия) in Moscow, an institution that trained military attachés and intelligence officers.
His job title was described as "nachalnik kursa", i.e. the officer in charge of all cadets who entered the academy in a particular year. He died on December 16, 1974, in Moscow and was buried in Vvedenskoye Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21517284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517284" title="Valmadonna Trust Library">
Valmadonna Trust Library

The Valmadonna Trust Library is a collection, currently in London, of 13,000 printed books and manuscripts printed in Hebrew or in Hebrew script, primarily collected by Jack V. Lunzer, a British industrial diamond merchant, born in Antwerp in 1924 and now British. It is named after Valmadonna, a small town near Alessandria in north-west Italy with longstanding connections to the Lunzer family. the collection encompasses works from throughout the world, reflecting Lunzer's personal interests, particularly Italy, "the cradle of Hebrew printing", and covers over a millennium; many items in the collection are rare or unique, and many date back to the earliest Hebrew printings., According to Arthur Kiron, curator of Judaica collections at the University of Pennsylvania, "I don't know any other collection quite like it in private hands. It even rivals some of the great institutional collections in the world." 
Notable items in the collection include the following:
The collection, estimated to be worth in excess of US$40 million, was placed for sale in early 2009 by Sotheby's, with the proviso that it be sold as a whole and not broken up, and remain accessible to scholars. Lunzer, who is not benefitting from the proceeds of the sale, has stated that "I would like our library to be acquired by the Library of Congress. That would be my great joy." After visiting the exhibition of the collection at Sotheby's, a scholar from the Drisha Institute wrote of Lunzer's achievement:
The morning of our visit, I studied the commentary of Rabbi David Kimhi, who is known as the Radak, on Joseph's conflict with his brothers. Honestly, it felt like just another of the many rabbinic commentaries... Then I went to the Valmadonna. Peering closely at one of the oldest manuscripts, I saw that it was a volume of Psalms with the Radak's commentary. In that instant, time and space collapsed as I found myself bound to every other Jew who has studied Kimhi's work since it was penned in the late 12th and early 13th centuries. That moment made clear to me that I am not simply a modern Jew studying in a contemporary yeshiva near Lincoln Center. I am tied to every other Jew through 800 years of history. I envision Kimhi hunched over his work, and wonder if his soul knows that even still we are learning from him, that his elucidation remains as relevant to the study of biblical text as it was to his contemporaries. The books of the Valmadonna – the books of our people – bring history alive keep our history alive even when the communities that produce them are long dead.
In May 2011 "The Jewish Chronicle" in London reported that the collection was still for sale, perhaps for around US$25 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21517294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517294" title="National Highway 60 (India)">
National Highway 60 (India)

National Highway 60 or NH 60 is a National Highway of India that runs from the junction with NH 5 at Balasore to junction with NH 34 at Moregram. It passes through Jaleswar, Dantan, Belda, Narayanpur, Kharagpur, Medinipur, Salboni, Durllabhganj, Bishnupur, Bankura, Gangajalghati, Mejia and Raniganj, Pandaveshwar, Dubrajpur, Suri, Fatehpur, Rampurhat, Nalhati. 
The Sheoraphuli–Kamarkundu–Tarakeswar–Arambagh Road meets NH 60 at Bishnupur and the Durgapur–Bankura Road (State Highway 9) at Bankura. Total length of NH 60 is out of which is in Odisha and is in West Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="21517303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517303" title="Ministry of Health (Vietnam)">
Ministry of Health (Vietnam)

The Ministry of Health (MOH, ) is the government ministry responsible for the governance and guidance of the health, healthcare and health industry of Vietnam. In conjunction with other ministries and the prime minister's office, the Ministry is responsible for creating and promulgating long-term health policy programs such as the "National Strategy on Nutrition for the 2001 - 2010 period" and the "National Policy on Injury Prevention 2002 - 2010". Its main offices are located in Ba Dinh District, Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="21517305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517305" title="Rizal Library">
Rizal Library

The Rizal Library is the main university library of the Ateneo de Manila University. It mainly serves and supports the teaching and research in the Loyola Schools. It is named after Ateneo de Manila alumnus José Rizal, the national hero of the Philippines.
Divisions and Services.
The Rizal Library is divided into functional divisions: Technical Services, Readers Services, Special Collections and Archives, and Support Services. Under the Technical Services are Acquisitions, Cataloging, and Indexing sections. Under the Readers Services are the Circulation, General Reference, Filipiniana, Computer and Audio-Visual Services, Microform Reading Center, and Foreign Periodicals sections. The Special Collections and Archives division has the Ateneo Library of Women’s Writing (ALIWW), American Historical Collection (AHC), and the Pardo de Tavera Special Collection Archives, and Photoduplication Services sections under it.
A new five-storey Rizal Library building was completed and opened in 2009. The new building, which is divided into the North and South Wings, houses the library's circulation section, the undergraduate and graduate reserve sections, the multimedia collection, the periodicals collection, the Japanese collection, online database access terminals, an information commons, and the Library's technical services facilities. The new library building carries the name "First Pacific Hall" in gratitude to a donation made by the First Pacific Corporation towards its construction.
The old library building, now called the Rizal Library Special Collection has a floor area of 7,000 sq. m. and houses the Microform Reading Center, Art Book Collection, Filipiniana Section, American Historical Collection, the Ateneo Library of Women's Writings, the Pardo de Tavera Collection, and the Theses and Dissertations collection. It also has cubicles for faculty, photocopying stations, and other facilities.
The library also manages at least 250 open-access computers spread in various locations in the Loyola Schools. The library also maintains the a study hall named after Jesuit missionary Matteo Ricci.
Collections.
The current collection exceeds the requirements of the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and the Philippine Accrediting Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities (PAASCU), of which the Ateneo de Manila University is a member, for academic libraries in the Philippines. The library also keeps rare Filipiniana materials, which include a permanent exhibit of Rizal memorabilia; the Trinidad Pardo de Tavera collection; the American Historical Collection; the Ateneo Library of Women's Writings (ALIWW); and other special collections and manuscripts by Filipino scholars, writers, and artists. Around the library are glass cases filled with prehistoric Philippine earthenware as well as porcelain from China, Cambodia, Vietnam, and Thailand.
With the country’s National Library, the library has some of the largest holdings of materials in the Philippines.
History.
The Ateneo's main library was first located in the Ateneo campus in Intramuros, Manila. Fathers Vicente Jiménez, S.J. and Jacinto Lloven, S.J. collected books and started a library. Supported by the Ayuntamiento (city government of Manila), the first Ateneo library in Intramuros served its purpose effectively for over four decades. In 1921, when the school administration passed to American Jesuits, the Ateneo library was briefly under the care of Fr. Edward Duffy, S.J. Fr. Walter J. Claffey, S.J., was appointed its first director. Claffey officially established the library in the Intramuros campus's "Salón de Vistas," which was later called "Rizal Hall." Fr. Walter Meagher, S.J. became director in 1922 and two years later Fr. James Moran took over.
The library's collection in 1926 was the most up-to-date in Manila. In 1928, the Rizal Book Club was established with Fr. Joseph McGrath, S.J. as moderator. By 1931, the library had around 11,000 volumes but the following year, fire destroyed the campus. The fire devoured all but a handful of books. The Ateneo then transferred to Padre Faura St., still in Manila. There, the library, through the help of friends of Fr. Theodore Daigler, S.J., grew again. So that by 1935, it had built up a collection large enough for Fr. Thomas Tuite, S.J. to introduce the new Dewey Decimal classification system. Fr. John Treubig, S.J., in 1939, with 33 members of the Rizal Book Club boasted of a daily circulation of 300 in a school of less than 2,000 students.
The Second World War destroyed the Ateneo's library, which was restarted by Fr. Jaime Bulatao, S.J., who introduced the Library of Congress classification system. Then Fr. John Carroll, S.J. continued the post-war effort to build the library collection.
In 1952, the Ateneo moved from Padre Faura to Loyola Heights, Quezon City. Mr. Francisco Singson and Fr. Joseph Maxcy, S.J. were the central to the library's development over the next seven years. By 1959, the School's centennial year, a professional librarian, Fr. Robert J. Suchan, S.J. was appointed director. In 1967, the first library building was inaugurated with the help from Ford Foundation, alumni, and other donors. It was named Rizal Library in honor of José Rizal, an alumnus of the university and the national hero of the Philippines. The collection grew over the years.
Mr. Rogelio B. Mallillin became director in 1980. His requests for an expansion of the library facilities came true in 1989 when an annex building, a three-storey building, was completed.
From 1997-2001, Mr. Carmelo V. Lopez headed the Rizal Library. A Rizal Library Board was created in 1997 to serve as the chief advisory body to the Dean of School of Arts and Sciences, now the Vice President for the Loyola Schools, in all matters pertaining to the Rizal Library. Vernon R. Totanes is the current Director of the Rizal Library.
In December 2008, construction began on the new library building, The new facility was expected to be finished in August 2009 and was opened in November of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21517317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517317" title="Ozark big-eared bat">
Ozark big-eared bat

The Ozark big-eared bat is an endangered species found only in a small number of caves in Arkansas, Oklahoma and Missouri, the southern central United States. Also known as the western big-eared bat, the long-eared bat, and the lump-nosed bat, its appearance is defined by a pair of outsize ears and a lump-adorned nose.
The Ozark big-eared bat is the largest and reddest of the five subspecies of "Corynorhinus townsendii" and is medium-sized and weighs from 0.2 to 0.5 ounces. It has very large, 1-in-long ears that connect at the base across the forehead. The snout has large, prominent lumps above the nostrils. These particular bats feed on moths and other insects; they forage along forest edges.
Importance.
Bats are beneficial to our planet in a myriad of ways. A colony of big brown bats can eat 18 million cucumber beetles. The insectivorous food habits of bats play an important role in maintaining a balance among insect populations. Other species of bats, especially in temperate zones, are insectivorous and collectively consume large quantities of insects. Bat droppings or guano support entire ecosystems of unique organisms, including bacteria which are useful in detoxifying wastes, as well as producing gasohol (mixture of gasoline and alcohol) and certain antibiotics.
Habitat.
The caves used by Ozark big-eared bats are located in karst regions dominated by oak-hickory forests. Karst, a special type of landscape, is formed by the dissolution of soluble rocks, including limestone and dolomite. The temperature of hibernation caves ranges from 40 to 50°F. The Ozark big-eared bats use caves all year around, thus they are highly susceptible to extinction if their homes vary too greatly in temperature, are disturbed, or are destroyed. The Ozark big-eared bats once lived in caves in Missouri, Arkansas, and Oklahoma. but they have apparently abandoned their Missouri habitat due to human encroachment and cave disturbance.
Offspring.
Maternity colonies are located in caves that range in temperature between 50° and 59°F. Big-eared bats mate in the fall and store their sperm during the wintertime and at the end of hibernation, pregnancy occurs. Further reinforcing their fragile state, Ozark big-eared bats give birth to a single offspring. Because of their low birth rate, these mammals can easily become over-exploited. Young bats grow quite rapidly and are capable of flight at three weeks, and by six weeks, they are weaned from the mother.
Causes of decline.
Concern about the conservation status of bats is developing, as many species of bats are increasingly affected by humans. Bats face multiple threats of pesticide poisoning, roost destruction and closure, habitat loss, diseases such as white nose syndrome, over-exploitation, and extermination as pests. Habitat fragmentation, a major concern, creates a disruption of extensive habitats into isolated bat populations. The primary cause of decline is disturbance. When humans enter hibernation caves, they arouse the bats, whose metabolic rate increases. A single arousal can expend 10 to 30 days of fat reserve. This can result in death by starvation, because the bats have little extra fat reserve. Predation at the cave entrance by house cats, racoons, bobcats, and other animals has also caused significant mortality.
Conservation efforts.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has established the Sequoyah/Oklahoma Bat Cave National Wildlife Refuge. In other areas, cave entrances have been fenced—to keep humans and domestic animals out of the caves but to allow bats access.

</doc>
<doc id="21517319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517319" title="SOASTA">
SOASTA

SOASTA, Inc. is a privately held
American technology company that provides services to test websites and web applications.
It is a provider of cloud-based testing services,
and created the industry's first browser-based website testing product.
Website tests include load testing, software performance testing, functional testing and user interface testing.
SOASTA provides cloud website testing with their product CloudTest, which simulates thousands of users visiting a website simultaneously
using the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) service.
SOASTA allows customers to use predefined tests or create customized tests to automatically test their web applications.
History.
SOASTA was founded by Ken Gardner and is based in Mountain View, California.
Tom Lounibos has been CEO
since September 2006.
In September 2008, SOASTA raised USD $6.4 M in financing from Formative Ventures, Canaan Partners, and The Entrepreneur's Fund.
In December 2008, SOASTA announced an alliance with SAVVIS to provide SAVVIS customer's with SOASTA's cloud testing services.
In the first half of 2010, SOASTA was selected by The Wall Street Journal as a “Top 50” Venture-backed company, by AlwaysOn as an OnDemand Top 100 Winner, and by the Red Herring as a Top 100 North America Tech Startup.
In October 2012, SOASTA became a Professional Services partner with ProtoTest.
In October 2012, SOASTA acquired LogNormal, the leading performance measurement company delivering real user measurement and monitoring for mobile and web applications. 
Products.
SOASTA offer three main products: 

</doc>
