<doc id="21408836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408836" title="Castello di Volpaia">
Castello di Volpaia

Castello di Volpaia is a winery located in the medieval village of Volpaia. The Estate is more than divided between vineyards, olive groves and woods. The winery is fully devoted to Organic Farming techniques for producing extra virgin olive oil, vinegar and wine, in particular Chianti Classico. Owned by Carlo and Giovannella Mascheroni Stianti helped by their son Nicolo' Mascheroni Stianti, the winery exports its wines in most of the world.
Overview.
The village of Volpaia is sited on a hilltop just north of the town of Radda in Chianti, above the sea level, in the heart of the Chianti Classico region. Volpaia was built in the 11th century as a fortified village on the Florence-Siena border. Unlike Brolio, Meleto and other Chianti-area castles, Volpaia is a terra murata, a walled village. Although only part of the original protective walls and two of its six towers are still standing, the medieval layout and buildings within the village are still intact, making Volpaia one of the best-preserved villages of its period.
Volpaia’s Viticultural Beginnings.
The first document that mentions the cultivation of vines in Volpaia dates back to 1172. In 1250, Volpaia was a founding member of the Lega del Chianti (Chianti League). The Florentine Republic formed the Lega by dividing its communities into three districts, Castellina, Radda, and Giaole, and allotting each a certain amount of territory. Volpaia was included in the League’s Terziere di Radda. The territories were front-line garrison towns for Florence in the Florentine-Sienese wars, and the emblem for the Chianti League was the Gallo Nero or Black Rooster — the current trademark for Consorzio Vino Chianti Classico.
The della Volpaia Family.
The winery’s logo features the coat of arms from the illustrious della Volpaia family, who lived in the village and took its name from the town itself. Lorenzo della Volpaia (1446–1512), an architect, goldsmith, mathematician and clockmaker, founded a Florentine dynasty of clockmakers and scientific-instrument makers that included his sons, Camillo, Benvenuto and Eufrosino, and nephew Girolamo. As clockmaker, he gained fame and honor with the construction of the Orologio dei Pianeti (Planetary Clock) in 1510. Lorenzo also built the clock at the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence. He was a friend of Leonardo da Vinci and often gave him advice on technical problems; Lorenzo even took part in the discussions on the placement of Michelangelo’s David. The della Volpaia family instruments are on display at the Science Museums in Florence and Greenwich, United Kingdom, the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence and the Adler Planetarium in Chicago. 
After the fall of the Republic of Siena in 1554 at the Battle of Marciano, the castle of Volpaia lost its strategic importance, but it continued prominence in its wine and olive oil making renown.
A Viticultural Renaissance at Volpaia.
Raffaello Stianti, one of Italy’s preeminent printers and bookbinders, adored his daughter, Giovannella. On the occasion of her fifteenth birthday, Raffaello presented Giovannella with an 18th-century Florentine ring in the shape of two foxes. Volpaia means “fox’s lair” in Italian, thus, in Giovannella’s opinion, “sealing her destiny.” 
Raffaello bought the Volpaia estate, including two-thirds of the village, in 1966. When Giovannella married Carlo Mascheroni in 1972, Raffaello gave the village and winery to the young couple as a wedding gift. 
By the mid-1970s, Carlo and Giovannella decided to modernize the winery and produce wines — all without altering the external structure of the 11th-century village. They converted several historical sites to cellars, offices and apartments. Within the castle, whole floors were removed, roofs were raised and carefully re-laid with their original tiles, while abandoned churches were fitted with the latest stainless-steel equipment. Giovannella and Carlo were the first in the Chianti Classico region to utilize temperature-controlled fermentation techniques.
The Stianti Mascheroni family also installed an amazing “wineduct” that connects the winery’s stainless-steel fermentation tanks in the upper part of the village to the various barrel cellars in the lower portion of the village. The wine passes by gravity through the stainless steel pipes that are hidden below the village’s sidewalks. Because the entire village of Volpaia is protected by the Soprintendenza dei Beni Culturali e Ambientali, part of Italy’s Ministry of Arts and Culture, the Stianti Mascheronis were required to number each stone that was removed in the process of building the wineduct, and then return the stones to their original locations once the wineduct was in place.
Nearly every five years the family has updated the cellars with the most modern vinification technologies. Barriques are replaced every vintage. In the last 35 years, the family has replanted most of its vineyards, using the best Sangiovese clones available, while at the same time preserving the oldest Sangiovese clones in the region in a specific collection.
Vineyards, Philosophies.
The highest-elevation winery in the Chianti area, Castello di Volpaia owns approximately 46 hectares (114 acres) of vineyards, which are situated at 1,300-2,100 feet above sea level on the southern hillsides leading up to the village. Volpaia is also committed to organic farming practices and complies with all the organic viticulture legislation for the production of wine.
The Village Today.
There are of land in Volpaia, including of vineyards, nearly of olive trees, as well as the walled village, villas, woods and forests. 
Winemaking at Volpaia.
In an effort to get the fruit to the cellars in optimum condition, the grapes are carried in boxes that never exceed 30–40 lb. each. Using the containers also makes it easier to select which grapes will go into the Riserva. The containers are loaded onto a specially designed, five-tire trailer and delivered to the cellars within ten minutes. 
At the Winery.
As soon as the grapes arrive at the winery, they are sorted and destemmed. After destemming, the grapes are then delicately pressed, just to break the skins, and this must be immediately transferred to temperature-controlled, stainless-steel vats that hold between 1,585 and 3,170 gallons. These specialized vats are divided into two separate tanks stacked on top of one another. The top tank is the first stop for the grapes – they are chilled down to for a two-day cold soak, and natural fermentation begins gently, as the temperatures rise after the cold soak. The gradual increase in temperature results in more complex flavors in the finished wine. This top tank is also equipped with pistons to gently punch down the cap from above. Once enough color and flavor have been extracted, the juice is separated from the must, by gravity, and goes to the bottom tank to finish fermentation.
Moving and Aging.
Once initial fermentation is complete, the wine is moved to the barrel cellars, all of which are located in historic buildings throughout the village. In keeping with its efforts to protect the original buildings, Castello di Volpaia created an underground wineduct—a labyrinth of stainless steel pipes hidden far beneath the streets of Volpaia—which transport the wine delicately from tank to barrel. Depending on the wine, malolactic fermentation and aging occur in either 800-gallon Slovenian or French oak casks or in 60-gallon French oak barrels. The French casks are produced by Filippo Gamba, the French barriques by Seguin Moreau; both are medium toasted. This process takes from 12–24 months depending on the wine
Tourism.
Every year more than 10,000 people visit Volpaia’s cellars. In 1999 Volpaia was ranked first by the Wall Street Journal among the best alternative tourist destinations in Italy preceding Capri, Positano, and many other destinations. The ranking was published in international press worldwide.
Cooking School.
Cooking classes are conducted by Giovannella Stianti Mascheroni, proprietress of Volpaia. Giovannella frequently works with celebrity chefs. The cooking school, located in the oldest part of the village, was opened in 2000. Facilities include a professional kitchen with ample work space for up to 20 students as well as wine tasting space and indoor/outdoor dining areas. Classes are hands on and given on complete menus from antipasto to dessert or on a single theme such as first courses, main courses, desserts, olive oil, etc. Classes can be conducted in Italian, English or French. Lessons include cooking demonstrations with an emphasis on technique, lessons on food and wine pairing and how to serve Italian menus. Students learn to prepare dishes from all over Italy, with particular attention paid to Tuscan food and relying on local ingredients that are widely available.
Enoteca and Osteria.
The Castello di Volpaia wine shop is located in what was once the principal tower of the castle – the village jail in a previous incarnation. The tasting room is reached by passing through narrow corridors and ancient staircases.
Art Exhibitions.
For 13 years until 1993, with the help of Luciano Pistoi, a famous Italian gallerist and art collector, Volpaia was the highlight for contemporary art in Italy. Piero Gilardi, Ardengo Soffici, Salvatore Scarpitta, John Long, Enzo Cucchi, Giulio Paolini, Giorgio Moranti, Alberto Burri and many others showed in Volpaia their works.

</doc>
<doc id="21408840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408840" title="Korita, Idrija">
Korita, Idrija

Korita is a small village in the hills between Idrija and Žiri in Slovenia. It lies within the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region.

</doc>
<doc id="21408874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408874" title="The Shangri-La Diet">
The Shangri-La Diet

The Shangri-La Diet is both the name of a book by the late psychologist Seth Roberts, a professor at Tsinghua University and professor emeritus at UC Berkeley, and the name of the diet that the book advocates. The book discusses consuming 100–400 calories per day in a flavorless food such as extra light olive oil one hour outside of mealtimes as a method of appetite suppression leading to weight loss.
Inspiration.
As a graduate student, Roberts studied animal cognition, specifically rat psychology. As a psychology professor, Roberts read a report by Israel Ramirez, a scientist at the Monell Chemical Senses Center, about the effect of saccharin on the growth and weight of rats. Based on this research, he developed a new theory of weight control. The theory led him to eat foods with a low glycemic index and to eat sushi many days in a row, which caused him to lose twenty pounds.
In 2000, Roberts visited Paris. He noticed an extreme loss of appetite and speculated that this was due to drinking flavors of soft drinks that were not available to him in the US.
Book summary.
The book features short anecdotes from followers of the diet who had heard of it through Roberts' blog or "The New York Times". Roberts' diet is based on the fundamental principle of a set point – the weight which, according to Roberts, a person's brain strives to maintain. When actual weight is below the set point, appetite increases; when actual weight is above the set point, appetite decreases. Furthermore, eating certain foods can raise or lower the set point. Foods that have a strong flavor-calorie relationship (such as fast food or donuts) raise the set point, whereas bland foods which are slowly digested (like extra light olive oil or fructose mixed with water) lower the set point. Roberts states that the diet is based upon connecting two unconnected fields: weight control and associative learning. Because of this, the research behind the diet is from multiple fields, ranging from Pavlovian psychology to physiology to rat psychology.
About the diet.
The diet calls for consuming 100–400 calories per day of flavorless food between normal meals (i.e. any foods with flavor). The flavorless food may be extra-light (not extra-virgin) olive oil or unflavored sugar water or bland food eaten with your nose clipped shut. It may be eaten all at once or spaced throughout the day. It must be consumed in a flavorless window, which is at least one hour after flavors have been consumed, and at least one hour before flavors will be consumed. The consumption of flavorless calories supposedly lowers the set point, and therefore, lowers weight.
Reception.
Through word of mouth, the book became a "New York Times" bestseller in May, 2006. It was featured on "Good Morning America", on which journalist Diane Sawyer tried a tablespoon of olive oil. It received additional coverage by "The Times", ABC News, "The New York Times", and "The Washington Post".
Roberts' was criticized by UCLA medical professor Dr. John Ford, not specifically on the plausibility or otherwise of the diet, but rather on the fact that it had not been subjected to scientific peer review.
In an interview on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's "Sunday Night" program, nutritionist David Jenkins also criticized the lack of scientific research validating the diet. In the same program, Roberts responded, saying that the results are there for all to see and that "there was no need for a big study to demonstrate the obvious". Jenkins admitted that the diet can only be benign, saying, "It is both cheap and safe."

</doc>
<doc id="21408890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408890" title="Corzo">
Corzo

Corzo is a brand of tequila named in honor of the town of Chiapa de Corzo, Chiapas. The town was built on the highland battleground where the last Native Americans opposed the Spanish Conquistadors. 
Due to an ancestral link to the Soctón, the brand’s founding master distiller used the name Corzo out of respect for these Indigenous people. 
Corzo is popular in tequila bars.
Varieties.
Corzo produces three types of tequila: a Silver, a Reposado, and an Anejo. All three are made from 100% Agave.
Production.
Corzo is the only tequila that uses sparging, a process which introduces microscopic air bubbles before bottling and allows the tequila to breathe.
Rankings.
"Wine Enthusiast Magazine" awarded 93 points out of 100, a particularly high score.

</doc>
<doc id="21408902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408902" title="Mokattam">
Mokattam

Mokattam and the Moqattam Hills, (), also Muqattam and Moqattam Mountain, is the name of a hill range and a suburb in them, located in southeastern Cairo, Egypt.
Landform.
The Arabic name Mokattam, which means "cut up" in English, refers to how the low range of hills is divided into three sections. The highest segment is a low mountain landform called Moqattam Mountain.
In the past the low mountain range was an important ancient Egyptian quarry site for limestone, used in the construction of temples and pyramids.
Settlement.
The hills are in the region of ancient Fustat, the new capital founded by 'Amr ibn al-'As after the Arab conquest of Egypt in 642 CE. A section of the Mokattam Hills contains Muqattam, an affluent suburb of Cairo. Other sections have slums. The Zabbaleen people, who are an integral part of collecting and processing Cairo's municipal solid waste, live in "Manshiyat Nasser", Garbage City, at the foot of the Mokattam Hills. 
Story.
The Mokattam is widely known in the orthodox church due to a superstition which occurred there. 
The Story of the superstition can be found here 
http://www.samaanchurch.com/en/miracle_en.php
Media.
"Moqattam" is the name of a documentary film about the garbage collecting "Manshiyat naser" village and its Zabbaleen people, directed by Jehane Noujaim.
See also.
"in Moqattam Hills foothills"

</doc>
<doc id="21408914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408914" title="Bandiagara Cercle">
Bandiagara Cercle

Bandiagara Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Mopti Region of Mali. The administrative center ("chef-lieu") is the town of Bandiagara.
The cercle is divided into 21 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21408932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408932" title="Bankass Cercle">
Bankass Cercle

The Cercle is divided into 12 rural communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21408937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408937" title="Jens Lubrich">
Jens Lubrich

Jens Lubrich is a German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000m event at the 1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.
Jens also won five medals at the IDBF Dragonboat World Championships with one silver (Premier Mix 250m) and two bronze medals (Premier Mix 500m, Premier Open 1000m) for Germany at the 2001 IDBF Dragonboat World Championships in Philadelphia, USA, and two bronze medals (Premier Mix 200m and 500m) for Australia at the 2007 IDBF Dragonboat World Championships in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21408956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408956" title="Piotr Midloch">
Piotr Midloch

Piotr Midloch is a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 1997 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Dartmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21408970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408970" title="1981 Paris Open – Singles">
1981 Paris Open – Singles

Brian Gottfried was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Stan Smith.
Mark Vines won in the final 6–2, 6–4, 6–3 against Pascal Portes.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21408971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408971" title="Paweł Midloch">
Paweł Midloch

Paweł Midloch is a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 1997 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Dartmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21408972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408972" title="Djenné Cercle">
Djenné Cercle

Administrative subdivisions.
The Djenné Cercle is divided into 12 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21408974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408974" title="Ledine, Idrija">
Ledine, Idrija

Ledine is a village in the hills east of Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint James and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21408979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408979" title="Oromo People's Congress">
Oromo People's Congress

The Oromo People's Congress (OPC) is a major opposition political parties in Ethiopia. It was founded in April 1996 as the Oromo National Congress by Dr. Merera Gudina, who is its chairman. However, the party licence and name were allegedly given to a marginal splinter group by the National Election Board of Ethiopia in order to undermine the party and create confusion among the voters after the May 2005 election, so the party was forced to change its name to Oromo People's Congress prior to the 2008 by-elections.
2005 election results.
Until the 2005 Ethiopian general elections the OPC had not attempted to build a permanent base of support outside its leader’s home region in Ambo woreda. In that election, as the Oromo National Congress the party was part of the United Ethiopian Democratic Forces, that won 52 out of 527 seats in the Council of People's Representatives; the party won 42 seats in the Federal Parliament and 135 seats in the Oromia regional parliament in its own name.

</doc>
<doc id="21408988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408988" title="Enten controversy">
Enten controversy

The Enten controversy involved Kazutsugi Nami, the chairman of Tokyo bedding supplier Ladies & Gentlemen (L&G), arrested by Japanese police on 5 February 2009. He and twenty-one other executives were accused of defrauding 37,000 investors of at least 126 billion yen (approximately US$1.4 billion) between 2001 and 2009. Nami is the inventor of a quasi-currency, "Enten", which he used to attract investors. Some sources put the total amount of the money involved as high as 226 billion yen, which would make it, if proven, to be the biggest investment fraud in Japanese history since Toyota Shoji, an investment group, defrauded investors of 202.5 billion yen in the late '80s.
In order to gain credibility and popularity, Nami's company used famous enka singers such as Takashi Hosokawa in their advertisements. In May 2008, Hosokawa was accused on the Japanese civil court for participating, but he insisted that he was not responsible for the content of their advertisement.
L&G.
Ladies and Gentlemen, set up in 1987, originally sold futons and health food, and began accepting investment money in 2001. The company's established existence tricked many into believing it was stable. A 65-year-old woman who lost 30 million yen (about US$300,000) saved over four decades was quoted as saying: "I thought the company was fine as it was in business for a long time". Another woman, a 70-year-old who blamed herself for the loss of two million yen (about US$20,000), said: "I had fun and a lively life ... I was stupid. It's my fault as I was greedy."
Enten.
Since 2004 Nami had been issuing special electronic money which he referred to as to investors who paid at least ¥100,000 (approx. £750, US$1,100). Enten was a virtual currency which Nami expected to become legal tender in the post-recession by which time he will also have become "world famous." Investors were promised 36% annual returns. There was even an "Enten fair" during which participants sang the praises of Nami's investment plan. One woman described the existence of Enten as "wonderful", whilst another said: "It's like a dream, I can buy anything."
"Enten" were generated through his customers' mobile phones and could be used to purchase items online, including vegetables, futons, clothing and jewelry. In February 2007, L&G dividends were distributed in Enten, rather than in cash, which caused many lawsuits and cancellations of accounts. In October 2007, police searched L&G's headquarters in Tokyo, suspecting that the company had violated investment laws. The company declared bankruptcy in November 2007. 
Nami denies allegations of any wrongdoing. He had built up a cult-like following amongst his investors. Lawyers representing these victims say Nami believed he had a "divine decree" to "eliminate poverty from this world."
Arrest.
Nami was drinking beer when police, followed by reporters, arrested him in a restaurant where he was eating his breakfast close to his Tokyo office at 5:30 a.m. local time on 4 February 2009. Nami and other company executives were arrested on suspicion of violating the Law for Punishment of Organized Crimes. Nami declared his innocence as he was led away by the police, accusing them of destroying his business. Arrested before television cameras, Nami insisted: "Time will tell if I'm a conman or a swindler. I'm leading 50,000 people. Can they charge a company this big with fraud?" Shortly beforehand, he had been asked about his feelings for those who had lost money: "No. I have put my life at stake. Why do I have to apologize? I'm the poorest victim. Nobody lost more than I did. You should be aware that high returns come with a high risk."
On March 18, 2010, Nami was sentenced to 18 years in prison for his scheme. [http://www.thefreelibrary.com/LEAD%3A+Bedding+supplier+chief+given+18+years+for+investment+fraud.-a0221847696]

</doc>
<doc id="21408998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408998" title="Stanislaus Papczyński">
Stanislaus Papczyński

Stanislaus of Jesus and Mary Papczyński, O.I.C. (May 18, 1631 – September 17, 1701), was a Polish Catholic priest, initially a member of the Piarist Order, who went on to become the founder of the Marian Fathers the first Polish religious order for men. He has been beatified by the Roman Catholic Church. 
Papczyński is remembered as a religious writer.
Early life.
He was born Jan Papczyński on May 18, 1631, in the village of Podegrodzie, now near Stary Sącz, the youngest of the eight children of Tomasz Papczyński and Zofia Tacikowska. His father was a local blacksmith and the village bailiff. As a youngster, he cared for his father's herd of sheep and came to know the countryside well.
Papka's first beginnings with school gave no indication of his later career as an academic. He had difficulty with studies, nevertheless he mastered his temperament, overcame material problems associated with his social standing, and advanced in studies, graduating from one school to another: in Podegrodzie, Nowy Sacz, Jaroslaw, the Piarist College of Podoliniec, and the Jesuit College of Lvov, from which he was forced to flee due to an attack by Cossack troops. At the age of twenty-three he completed his general and philosophical studies at the Jesuit College of Rawa Mazowiecka.
The elder Papczyński found Jan a wife, but he chose not to marry.
A Piarist.
On July 2, 1654, Papczyński joined the Piarist Order, newly established in Poland, in their monastery in Podoliniec and was given the religious name of Stanislaus of Jesus and Mary. He made his second year of novitiate in Warsaw, while studying theology with the Recollect Franciscan friars. Those were the times of the Swedish invasion known as "the Deluge" that made a deep impression on the young seminarian's life. From the perspective of his whole life's experience, he thus described in his testimony one incident from those days: "I confess," he writes, "that I leave this world professing the Roman Catholic faith for which I was ready to pour out my blood during the war with Sweden. One day my companion and I were exiting the Old Town, when a heretic soldier, his unsheathed sword in hand, attacked us near the Dominican Fathers. My companion (even though he was German) fled, and I, falling to my knees, stuck out my neck for the blow. However, by the decree of Divine Providence, I did not sustain any wounds although I was struck three times with great force. Afterward, I felt great pains for an hour and a half because of that."
On July 22, 1656, several months after the solemn vows made by King John II Casimir of Poland, Papka his profession of religious vows as the first Polish member of the Piarist Congregation. He received his Holy Orders to the priesthood on March 12, 1661.
While still a seminarian, Papczyński taught rhetoric in the Piarist colleges of Rzeszow and Podoliniec, and then after ordination he taught in a Warsaw college. He wrote a textbook entitled "Prodromus reginae artium" (The Messenger of the Queen of Arts), and used it in his lectures. This textbook underwent four reprints during subsequent years. This work merited special praise for its pedagogical character as well as the selection of rhetoric which witnesses to the author's patriotic sentiments and his special devotion to the Virgin Mary. Also, in this textbook he postulated the equality of all citizens before the law and took a critical stand in regards to the "liberum veto." ("free veto" = an unexplained veto)
As a priest Papczyński heard confessions and gave sermons. On greater feasts he was invited to preach in the many churches of the capital. One sermon he preached on Thomas Aquinas, delivered at the Dominican church, was published in 1664 under the title "Doctor Angelicus" (The Angelic Doctor). Taking advantage of Papczyński's contacts with influential people, his superiors entrusted him with gathering petitions for the beatification of the Order's founder, Joseph Calasanz. Papczyński obtained many letters. From 1663 to 1667 he directed the Confraternity of Our Lady of Grace, Patroness of Warsaw, whose image was in the Piarist's Church on Dluga Street.
Due to differences in understanding of the Order's character, Papczyński's relations with his superiors kept getting more strained and eventually led to his leaving the Order. He strove to restore the early rigor of their way of life, while practices in the province tended to favor laxity. Because of his views and actions, as interpreted by some of his superiors, he was the cause of confusion among Piarists, while he himself felt misunderstood. Later he used to call this period of his life "a long-lasting martyrdom." In those difficult times he wrote two series of meditations: "Orator crucifixus" ("The crucified Speaker") and "Christus patiens" ("The suffering Christ").
Not being able to find for himself, within the Piarists, the proper climate for life and work and at the same time seeing also a rift within the Province between his supporters and adversaries, Papczyński asked the Superior General to release him from his religious vows. On December 11, 1670, he left the Order. In the presence of his Piarist superiors he declared: "I offer and consecrate to God, the Almighty Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, as well as to the Mother of God, the ever-Virgin Mary, conceived without sin, my heart, my soul, my body, leaving absolutely nothing for myself, so that henceforth I may be the slave of God Almighty and of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary. Consequently, I vow to serve Them zealously, in chastity, to the end of my life, in the society of Marian Clerics of the Immaculate Conception, which by the grace of God I wish to found."
The Marian Legislator.
Papczyński's was made more difficult by his being of common birth and advocating a very rigorous lifestyle in the prevalent aristocratic mentality. He found support for his plan from the Bishop of Poznan, Stefan Wierzbowski. Rejecting proposals from different Orders and bishops (those of Cracow and Plock), Papczyński went as a chaplain to Jakub Karski's house in Lubocza near Nowe Miasto-on-Pilica in order to prepare himself for this new undertaking. There, in September 1671, he was vested in a white religious habit in honor of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary. He also prepared the project of the future Order's statute entitled "Norma vitae" (Rule of Life), which he established as an order of canons regular. At the same time he wrote a moral and ascetical treatise called "Templum Dei Mysticum" (The Mystical Temple of God), which underwent several reprints. In this book he expressed his belief that lay people, and not only priests and religious, are called to holiness.
Seeking candidates for his planned order, in September 1673, Papczyński went to Puszcza Korabiewska near Skierniewice, where a former soldier, Stanislaus Krajewski, and companions lived as hermits. There, on the land donated by Krajewski, he built and organized his Institute's first house, which he called a "Retreat House." Bishop Stanislaus Swiecicki, who came on a canonical visitation on October 24, 1673, approved this community living in accord with the "Norma vitae" under Papczyński's guidance. He left them his own "Statutes" on the characteristics of hermits and penitentials. The Marians consider this date as the beginning of their Order.
Wierzbowski wished to engage the newly created religious community in fulfilling of his plans of the renewal of religious life in the diocese. Particularly in the town of Gora near Warsaw where he established the holy city of Mazowsze which he called New Jerusalem. There he built many churches and chapels commemorating the Passion of Christ. To serve the arriving pilgrims, he brought over several religious orders, among them Papczyński's community. In 1677, he consigned to him the Church of the Lord's Cenacle with its adjacent monastery. The previous obligations of living a hermits' lifestyle were not in force at this institution. Papczyński lived here until his death, 24 years later.
On April 21, 1679, Wierzbowski canonically constituted Stanislaus's institute, composed of two houses, as an Order of diocesan right. The stated goal of the community was to spread devotion to the Virgin Mary, and to assist poor souls in purgatory, particularly those who died in fields of battle and victims of plagues. Papczyński also directed his spiritual sons to undertake pastoral works, especially assisting pastors by hearing confessions, as well as catechizing and delivering sermons to the faithful, particularly the most spiritually neglected in regards to religion. Papczyński introduced abstinence from drinking vodka in the order. King John III Sobieski, who was known for his kindness towards strict religious orders, took the Marians under his special protection.
However, the simple vows which the Marians were making at the time were not strongly binding, and the fate of the Congregation depended simply on the bishop. This problem became particularly apparent after the death of Bishop Wierzbowski in 1687. For these reasons Papczyński, who was already 60 years old, set out on a journey by foot to Rome in 1690, in order to obtain papal approval for his Order. Unfortunately, he arrived there at a time when the Holy See was without a pope, and only procured a spiritual affiliation of the Marians with several other Orders. The approbation of "Norma vitae" as the Congregation's statutes, which took place a couple of years later, was a fruit of this journey.
In 1699, Papczyński made another attempt to procure the approbation of his Order, by sending to Rome Fr. Joachim Kozlowski as his envoy with full powers (plenipotentiary). Meeting with difficulties in obtaining the approbation of the Marian Order upon its own rule, Kozlowski approached the reformed Franciscan Minors for the "Rule of the Ten Virtues of the Blessed Virgin Mary", which included the Marians' legal dependence on this Order. Pope Innocent XII approved the document issued by the General of Franciscans on October 24, 1699. Although the Rule was received without previous consultation with Papczyński, it did not infringe the specific features of the Marian Institute and was thus gladly accepted by the Marian Legislator. The Marians became an Order with solemn vows and were freed from the authority of a local bishop, although they were dependent on the Franciscans for some time. Finally, the Marians received approbation as an order of apostolic right ridding themselves of restrictions. In their apostolic work they placed special emphasis on teaching truths of the faith to the faithful of lower classes, which was Church considered its most urgent task at the time.
On June 6, 1701, Papczyński pronounced a solemn profession of vows in the hands of the Apostolic Nuncio, Francisco Pignatelli, and then received the profession of vows from the other Marians, a very important milestone in establishing the first Polish religiouis order for men. On the way to the realization of this goal, for a duration of 30 years, Papczyński had to overcome innumerable difficulties. A few times he doubted whether God truly wanted him to follow this road. He died on September 17, 1701, and was buried at the Church of the Lord's Cenacle in Gora Kalwaria.
Spirituality.
At school, from the pulpit, in confessional, or at his desk, Papczyński proclaimed the word of God everywhere in speech and writing, emphasizing particularly the need to care for those wronged by the society. His work followed the beliefs proclaimed in "Templum Dei Mysticum": "O how admirable are those who mutually work with Christ, and, solely out of love for Him, sincerely and zealously announce all that is essential for salvation, for leading a Christian life, for rooting out vices, and increasing virtues. This is the greatest and most fruitful work of mercy."
Two centuries before the proclamation of the Dogma of the Immaculate Conception Stanislaus professed: "I believe everything that the holy Roman Church believes, but first of all I profess that the Most Holy Mother of God, Mary, was conceived without any stain of original sin." This privilege of the Immaculate Conception was very precious to him. He talked about it in sermons and wrote extensively on the subject. In 1670 he made a "vow of blood" witnessing his readiness to lay down his life if necessary in honor of Mary's Immaculate Conception. Papczyński lived in times illustrated by the Polish writer Henryk Sienkiewicz in his "Trilogy", describing the Cossack wars, the Swedish invasion of Poland, and finally, the Polish army's victory at Vienna. He himself accompanied Polish troops in battles against Turks in Ukraine in 1674, and witnessed that many people died unshriven.
A cause to beatify Papczyński was started in 1767, interrupted in 1775, and reopened in 1953. But because such a long time had passed since the his death, this process had to be accomplished "historically", which means that documents had to be searched for testimonies on 's life and virtues. Those documents were prepared and gathered in a 1000-page manuscript called "Positio". On February 28, 1980, the National Conference of Bishops in Poland petitioned the Pope to elevate Papczyński to the altars as a model of Christian life. Similar petitions were sent by major superiors of male and female congregations in Poland. Based on this evidence, on November 28, 1980, the Congregation for Saints made a decision that Papczyński's beatification cause may be brought before the Apostolic Tribunal. The Pope approved this decision on March 6, 1981.
In the years 1981-1982, a process de non cultu was conducted in Warsaw. The decree super validitate Processus (regarding the validity of the diocesan process) was promulgated in 1990. Further evaluations of Positio super Virtutibus were also conducted. Then, on January 22, 1991, during an Ordinary Congress of the Congregation, chaired by Anthony Petti, General Promoter of the Faith, the theological consultants stated that Papczyński had practiced virtues to a heroic degree.
On March 17, 1992, after having listened to the report delivered by Paulino Limongi, Titular Archbishop of Nice in Hemimont, the cardinals and bishops gathered at an Ordinary Congregation stated that Blessed Stanislaus of Jesus and Mary Papczyński practiced the theological virtues, the cardinal virtues, and other virtues associated with these, to a heroic degree.
After the results of the research conducted by the Cardinal Prefect, Angelus Cardinal Felici, had been presented to Pope John Paul II, he accepted the decision of the Sacred Congregation for the Causes of the Saints and ordered that the decree on Papczyński's heroic virtues be prepared.
On June 13, 1992, the Pope invited the Cardinal Prefect, the relators of the cause, the Secretary of the congregation, and other people who are usually summoned in such circumstances and, in the presence of all gathered with regard to the cause and its result, solemnly announced that:
The Pope ordered that this decree be made public and kept in the acts of the Sacred Congregation for the Causes of Saints. Father Stanislaus Papczyński was solemnly beatified at the Marian Shrine in Licheń by a special delegate of Pope Benedict XVI – Tarcisio Cardinal Bertone, Secretary of State of the Holy See on September 16, 2007.
From the last will and testament of Bl. Stanislaus Papczyński.
"I give thanks to the Divine Majesty for graces, gifts, and goodness granted me with great generosity. I repent from the depth of my heart and I wish out of love of the Lord to repent more and more for all my sins, which I place in the deepest wounds of Jesus Christ, my Lord and Redeemer. I fall at the feet of Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, and I give myself with the entire Congregation of her Immaculate Conception to her for eternity. I call on her gracious direction and effective care, and for the hour of my death I beg her most merciful and powerful protection from the ambushes of my enemies and all temporal and eternal Evil.
To all those who loved and supported the Congregation of the Immaculate Conception (which I founded through God’s inspiration to support all the faithful departed), I promise double reward from God’s hand.
I eagerly suggest to my brethren, if it be appropriate for me to say: Sons, you ought to have love for God and neighbor, devotion to the Catholic faith, and worship, love, and obedience to the Holy See, faithful preservation of the vows, humility, patience, support the souls in purgatory, and be at peace with everyone."

</doc>
<doc id="21408999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21408999" title="Victoria Lancelotta">
Victoria Lancelotta

Victoria Lancelotta is an editor for the "Georgetown Review". Lancelotta has written two books. Her fiction has also appeared in "Glimmer Train", "The Threepenny Review", the Mississippi Review Web, and other magazines. She has been a resident of the MacDowell Colony and the Djerassi Resident Artists' Program and was a visiting scholar at the 1997 Bread Loaf Writers' Conference.
She received her Master of Fine Arts from the University of Florida in 1994, and she won the Heinfield Transatlantic Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21409016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409016" title="NGC 4921">
NGC 4921

NGC 4921 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Coma Cluster, located in the constellation Coma Berenices. It is about 320 million light-years from Earth. The galaxy has a nucleus with a bar structure that is surrounded by a distinct ring of dust that contains recently formed, hot blue stars. The outer part consists of unusually smooth, poorly distinguished spiral arms.
In 1976, Canadian astronomer Sidney Van den Bergh categorized this galaxy as "anemic" because of the low rate at which stars are being formed. He noted that it has "an unusually low surface brightness and exhibits remarkably diffuse spiral arms". Nonetheless, it is the brightest spiral galaxy in the coma cluster. This galaxy is located near the center of the cluster and has a high relative velocity (7,560 km/s) compared to the mean cluster velocity. When examined at the 21 cm wavelength Hydrogen line, NGC 4921 was found to be strongly H I deficient, which means it is low in non-ionized hydrogen gas. The distribution of the gas has also been deeply perturbed toward the SE spiral arm and is less extended than the optical disk of the galaxy. This may have been caused by interaction with the intergalactic medium, which is stripping off the gas.
On May 4, 1959, a supernova explosion was observed in this galaxy by M. L. Humason using a Schmidt telescope at the Palomar Observatory. It appeared "quite far from the center" of the galaxy, and reached an estimated peak magnitude of 18.5. The light curve proved similar to supernova SN 1987a in the Large Magellanic Cloud, and it displayed "unusual photometric behavior".

</doc>
<doc id="21409024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409024" title="Paul Batty">
Paul Batty

Paul William Batty (born 9 January 1964) is a former professional football midfielder.
Batty began his career as an apprentice with Swindon Town, turning professional in January 1982. He made his debut on 25 September 1982 as Swindon won 1-0 at home to Crewe Alexandra and remained a regular for the next two seasons. He lost his place late in 1985 and was released at the end of the season.
He joined Chesterfield but left to join Exeter City in 1986. After five years with Exeter he dropped out of league football, joining Yeovil Town in March 1991. In 1992 he scored a hat-trick as then non-league Yeovil knocked then league side Torquay United out of the FA cup. He joined Bath City in July 1993, scoring the goal that knocked league side Hereford United out of the following season's FA Cup. He struggled with a knee injury towards the end of the season and left to join Salisbury City in July 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21409033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409033" title="Vasiliy Mailov">
Vasiliy Mailov

Vasiliy Mailov is a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a silver medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.

</doc>
<doc id="21409037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409037" title="Kingsley Dam">
Kingsley Dam

Kingsley Dam is located on the east side of Lake McConaughy in central Keith County, Nebraska, and is the second largest hydraulic fill dam in the world. It was built as part of the New Deal project. The dam is tall, long, and wide at its base. On the east side of the dam is Lake Ogallala and on the south side is the Kingsley Hydroelectricity Plant. The Nebraska Game and Parks Commission and Central Nebraska Public Power and Irrigation District are also located in this area. Kingsley Dam, the Kingsley Hydroelectricity Plant, the Morning Glory Spillway, and the Outlet Tower – a large structure near the dam used to release water from the lake – are main visual icons of Lake McConaughy.

</doc>
<doc id="21409046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409046" title="Gerald Ryan">
Gerald Ryan

Gerald Ryan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21409055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409055" title="Louis Gomis (footballer born 1974)">
Louis Gomis (footballer born 1974)

Louis Gomis (born 3 December 1974) is a retired Senegalese football player. Most notably he played in the Bundesliga for 1. FC Nürnberg. 

</doc>
<doc id="21409057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409057" title="Ledinske Krnice">
Ledinske Krnice

Ledinske Krnice is a settlement in the hills east of Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Krnice" to "Ledinske Krnice" in 1952.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Acacius and belongs to the Parish of Ledine.

</doc>
<doc id="21409059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409059" title="Angela Owen-Taylor">
Angela Owen-Taylor

Angela Owen-Taylor is a councillor of the Brisbane City Council, the local government authority for the City of Brisbane. A member of the Liberal National Party, Cr Angela Owen-Taylor is Deputy Chairman of Council, Deputy Chairman of the Finance, Economic Development and Administration Committee and Deputy to the Lord Mayor on Multicultural Affairs and International Relations. 
Cr Angela Owen-Taylor is the first councillor elected for Parkinson Ward in 2008 and was re-elected in 2012. The Parkinson Ward stretches along the southern boundary of Brisbane City and includes Heathwood, Larapinta, Pallara, Algester, Parkinson, Willawong and parts of Calamvale, Forest Lake and Doolandella.

</doc>
<doc id="21409065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409065" title="Louis Gomis">
Louis Gomis

Louis Gomis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21409067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409067" title="James Browne (Irish politician)">
James Browne (Irish politician)

James Browne (15 June 1793 – 23 December 1854) was an Irish politician.
He was the son of Hon. Denis Browne, MP for County Mayo in 1801 and brother of Peter Browne, MP. He succeeded his father in 1828.
He was elected in 1818 as Member of Parliament for Mayo, and held the seat until 1831.
He married twice: firstly Eleanor Catherine, the daughter of John Wells† of Bickley, Kent, and secondly Elizabeth, the daughter of John Puget, banker, of Totteridge, Hertfordshire, with whom he had a son and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21409082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409082" title="Jim Downing">
Jim Downing

James "Jim" Downing, born January 4, 1942, in Atlanta, Georgia, is the five-time IMSA Championship winning, owner/driver of Downing/Atlanta Racing, and principal in the development of the HANS Device.
Personal life.
Downing is a Georgia Tech graduate with a degree in industrial management. He married public relations specialist Connie Goudinoff in 1989.
Racing.
His father being a major foreign car dealer in the Atlanta area, he grew up around cars and racing. He began racing soapbox derbies when he was 11, raced those for several years, then won a local downhill slalom event when he was 16. In his late teens and early twenties, he raced gymkhanas (known today as SCCA Solo) in almost anything he could get his hands on because SCCA rules of the time prohibited racing before age 21. When he was 21, he bought an Elva Courier for $200 that had been totaled, spent a year and a half putting it back together, and began racing at Daytona Beach in 1963. He continued SCCA racing successfully on the amateur level for the next 11 years.
Looking for new challenges, he joined IMSA in 1974, at the invitation of John Bishop, President and founder of the (then) new International Motor Sports Association IMSA (known today as the American Le Mans Series), they were so friendly and helpful that it convinced him that he should give it a try. As a young person coming out of very amateur racing, it was a big step. He quickly discovered in the first year of racing a Mazda RX-2 in the old RS series that he got more experience in one year than he had in the last six years in club racing. 
Sponsored by the Mazda factory for his entire IMSA career, Jim progressed up the competition ladder from the near showroom stock Radial Sedan series Mazda RX-2 & Mazda RX3, to GTU Mazda RX3 & Mazda RX7 and GTO in the Mazda RX7, then up to the ultra-quick purpose-built GTP category prototypes, all powered by two, three, and four rotor versions of the Mazda Wankel engine. After competing in an Argo built prototype since 1984, in 1988 he began designing and building a prototype racer of his own design. His Kudzu DG-1, made its debut at San Antonio in September 1989. 
In 1999, with the demise/reorganization of IMSA series, he moved on to the American Le Mans Series with his Kudzu racers until the end of the 2000 racing season, then into an AutoExe Motorsports prototype as his long and successful career wound down.
During his illustrious forty-five year racing career he has either won or scored highly in races at Daytona, Sebring, The Nürburgring and Le Mans. He won several Camel Lights championships, including 41 career victories and is still racing today in SCCA and Formula Atlantic (the fastest class in SCCA).
HANS Device.
Jim Downing has been credited as the first to identify the problems associated with a restrained torso and an unrestrained head in sudden deceleration impacts, following the 1981 death of Patrick Jacquemart at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course. Jacquemart, the director of Renault Racing in the United States, raced in the GTU Class in the 1981 IMSA series, and was at the wheel of his heavily modified Renault 5 Alpine Turbo when he missed the curve at Turn Seven and struck a sandbank with the front of the car. He suffered a fracture of the base of his skull and was pronounced dead on arrival at Morrow County Hospital in Mount Gilead, OH.
With the problem identified, Downing turned to his brother-in-law, Dr. Robert Hubbard, a bio mechanical crash engineer for General Motors, to help him design a Head And Neck Support system that would eliminate or protect against these types of injuries. Working together, their goal was to create a device that would reduce the chance of a serious injury caused by the violent movement of the unrestrained head and helmet during a crash. Dr. Hubbard created the first prototypes of the HANS Device in the late 1980s, and Downing, as a firm believer of the product he had helped to create, started wearing the untested prototype of the HANS Device during his IMSA sports car races.
Notable Motorsports Awards.
2002 Phil Hill Award
2008 Bob Akin Memorial Motorsports Award
2012 Sebring Hall of Fame Inductee
References.
Internet Source: Road Racing Drivers Club
Internet Source: Mulsanne's Corner: An Interview With Jim Downing
RRDC Press Release, dated February 4, 2008: Motorsport.com

</doc>
<doc id="21409103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409103" title="Ignat Kovalev">
Ignat Kovalev

Ignat Kovalev is a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won two medals in the C-4 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 1999 and a silver in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21409111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409111" title="Douentza Cercle">
Douentza Cercle

During the Tuareg rebellion of 2012, it was the southernmost part of the state of Azawad, according to the April 2012 MNLA's territorial claim. From June 2012 it was claimed by a series of rival Islamist and local militias. 
The route of the annual circular migration of the Gourma elephants crosses a number of communes in the cercles of Douentza and Gourma-Rharous (Tombouctou Region).
The cercle is divided into 15 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409124" title="Koro Cercle">
Koro Cercle

The cercle is divided into 16 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409136" title="Mopti Cercle">
Mopti Cercle

The cercle is divided into 15 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409151" title="Youwarou Cercle">
Youwarou Cercle

The cercle is divided into seven communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409171" title="2006 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race">
2006 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race

The women's road race of the 2006 UCI Road World Championships cycling event took place on 23 September in Salzburg, Austria. The race was 132.6 km long.
Anne Samplonius (Canada) and Natalia Boyarskaya (Russia) made an early break, attacking on the climb on the second lap, they held a small gap until two laps to go. Nicole Cooke (Great Britain) attacked up the steep Gschaiderberg climb on the penultimate lap, this caused huge splits in the main field. Several others riders eventually joined Cooke to form a breakaway group which included the Swiss riders Nicole Brändli, Priska Doppmann and Annette Beutler; German riders Judith Arndt, Theresa Senff and Trixi Worrack; Andrea Graus and Christiane Soeder of Austria, Svetlana Bubnenkova (Russia), Oenone Wood (Australia) and Amber Neben (USA) and Marianne Vos (The Netherlands). Vos, Cooke and Brändli attacked several times during the final lap, but the race finished with Vos taking the victory in a small bunch sprint.
Final classification.
Did not finish.
41 riders failed to finish the race. Giusepina Grassi Herrera of Mexico did not start the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21409177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409177" title="William H. Gerdts">
William H. Gerdts

William H. Gerdts (born 1929) is an American art historian and Professor Emeritus of Art History at the CUNY Graduate Center. Dr. Gerdts is the author of over twenty-five books on American art. An expert in American Impressionism, he is also well known for his work on nineteenth-century American still life painting.
Education and early life.
Gerdts was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. Beginning in 1945 he attended Amherst College. After receiving a Bachelor of Arts from Amherst in 1949, Gerdts attended Harvard Law School, but switched to the Department of Fine Arts. There he earned a master's degree in 1950 and a Ph.D. in 1966.
Career.
Gerdts' professional positions have included that of Curator of Art at the Norfolk Museum and resident director of the Moses Myers House in Norfolk; Curator of Painting and Sculpture at the Newark Museum; and Gallery Director at the University of Maryland, College Park. In 1971 he joined the faculty of Brooklyn College, and The Graduate Center at CUNY. 
He has also taught at the University of Maryland, and has been a visiting professor at Johns Hopkins University, Rutgers University, and Washington University. Gerdts received a Guggenheim Fellowship and a fellowship from the American Philosophical Society. In 1992 he was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters by Amherst College, and in 1996 Syracuse University made him an Honorary Doctor of Fine Arts. 
In 2008-9 Gerdts was Distinguished Lecturer and Senior Advisor for American Art at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. 
Gerdts served as Vice President of the Coe Kerr Gallery in New York.
Complementing his career as an academic, he serves on the Art Advisory Council of the International Foundation for Art Research (IFAR). .
Selected works.
Gerdts' published writings encompass 342 works in 443 publications in 6 languages and 24,892 library holdings. 

</doc>
<doc id="21409185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409185" title="Nominal terms">
Nominal terms

Nominal terms may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21409192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409192" title="Lome, Idrija">
Lome, Idrija

Lome is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The Javornik ski slope is located at Lome.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Lome include:

</doc>
<doc id="21409211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409211" title="Diré Cercle">
Diré Cercle

The cercle is divided into 13 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409212" title="William Haseldine Pepys">
William Haseldine Pepys

William Haseldine Pepys FGS (23 March 1775 – July 1856) FRS was an English scientist and founder of learned institutions who contributed significantly to the advancement of the chemical and physical sciences during the first half of the nineteenth century.
Pepys was born in London, the son of William Pepys and his wife Laetitia Weedon. He was descended from Richard Pepys MP cousin of the diarist. His father was a cutler and maker of surgical instruments and Pepys was apprenticed to his father as a cutler on 16 April 1789. He was released on 10 May 1796 and became a liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Cutlers of London in 1796. He also became part of a group of London-based Quakers and dissenters who were excluded from the political and social mainstream because of their religion, and being occupied in skilled proprietarial enterprises "fostered zealous commitment to the progress of utility, wealth, knowledge and talent".
In 1796 he was one of the founders of the Askesian Society, and on 2 April 1799 at a meeting held at his laboratory at 2 Plough Court he was part of a group including William Allen that founded the British Mineralogical Society. The membership of the BMS was made up of middle-class chemists, physicians, and owners of businesses such as iron-making and instrument manufacturers which were increasingly subject to technological change. The BMS was a forerunner of the Geological Society of London.
In his own research, Pepys worked on soda-water apparatus in 1798 and also researched into using mercury contacts for electrical apparatus and tubes coated in India rubber to convey gases, inventing the mercury gasometer as a result.
In the field of experimental physics, he investigated several aspects of the recently discovered Voltaic electricity: his 'Voltaic coil', consisting of only two plates, but of very large dimensions, was particularly suited for investigating electromagnetic phenomena and was so used in his friend Humphry Davy's researches.
His father died in 1805 and Pepys extended his father's business into making instruments for the philosophical discipline. Pepys own application of electrolysis, linked to his business, was shown in his attempts to melt platinum by the discharge from his very large batteries. In 1805 Pepys made some fruit knives in platinum, presenting one to Sir Joseph Bank and asking him to present a pair to George III.
In 1806 Pepys was prominent in the founding of the London Institution and was an original manager. In 1807 he invented a type of eudiometer, and in 1808 he was elected to the Royal Society, of which he was a Fellow by 1815. In 1808 and 1809 he was involved in the subscription to the ‘great battery’ installed at the Royal Institution. Another close friend was William Allen and together they investigated the composition of carbon dioxide, and the density of ammonia, and elucidated the chemical phenomena of respiration in man, animals, and plants. These researches were successful largely because of the ingenious apparatus invented and designed by Pepys. He was active in the management of the Royal Institution of Great Britain and was its Vice-President in 1816. He was honorary secretary of the London Institution from 1821 to 1824 and was Master of the Worshipful Company of Cutlers in 1822 and 1828. He became the Treasurer and Vice-President of the Geological Society. 
As well as the manufacture of surgical instruments in the City he took active directorships in the Imperial Continental Gas Association, which was introducing gas illumination to cities and towns across Europe, and the General Steam Navigation Company, which first used steam-propelled vessels to maintain a regular passenger and cargo service to Continental ports.
Pepys married Lydia Walton in 1815 and they had several children. He died at Kensington.

</doc>
<doc id="21409217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409217" title="Double wedge">
Double wedge

In geometry, a double wedge is the (closure of) the symmetric difference of two half-spaces whose boundaries are not parallel to each other. For instance, in the Cartesian plane, the union of the positive and negative quadrants forms a double wedge, and more generally in two dimensions a double wedge consists of the set of points within two vertical angles defined by a pair of lines.. In projective geometry double wedges are the projective duals of line segments.

</doc>
<doc id="21409226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409226" title="George Jackson (Irish politician)">
George Jackson (Irish politician)

George Jackson (1761–1805) was an Irish politician. His father was also George Jackson and his mother was Jane, the sister of James Cuffe, 1st Baron Tyrawley.
Jackson represented Mayo in the Irish House of Commons from 1798 to the Act of Union in 1801. He was subsequently a Member of Parliament for Mayo in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1802.

</doc>
<doc id="21409233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409233" title="Christian Möckel">
Christian Möckel

Christian Möckel (born 6 April 1973 in Karl-Marx-Stadt (now Chemnitz), East Germany) is a retired German football player. As of September 2012, he is the head scout for 1. FC Nuremberg. As a player, he spent one season in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21409235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409235" title="Jump wire">
Jump wire

Jump Wires, commonly used with a breadboard, are used to transfer electrical signals from one part of the breadboard to the central microcontroller. Jump wires vary in size and color to distinguish what object they are working with. Sensors, buttons, and other such things all use jump wires to communicate with the microcontroller.

</doc>
<doc id="21409239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409239" title="Melissa Farman">
Melissa Farman

Melissa Farman (born 1990) is an American actress. She is known for playing a young Danielle Rousseau in "Lost" (played by Mira Furlan as an adult) and for her role as Bristol Palin in HBO's Game Change.
Melissa is a student in the honors program at the University of Southern California where she is double-majoring in English and Political Science.
Early life.
After being born in New York, she moved to Paris and grew up in an English- and French-speaking home. At the age of ten Melissa was accepted into the Bilingual Acting Workshop for professional actors in Paris.
Partial Career.
Melissa has had a role in "Cold Case" and most notably in "Lost" as a young Danielle Rousseau. She has played in TV movies as well, including a role in "Temple Grandin" (an HBO biopic of Temple Grandin), and played Bristol Palin in the HBO Television movie "Game Change". She also played Izzy in .

</doc>
<doc id="21409253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409253" title="St Christopher's Hospice">
St Christopher's Hospice

St. Christopher's Hospice is a hospice in South London, England established in 1967 by Cicely Saunders, whose work is considered the basis of modern hospice philosophy.
Legacy.
Among the first staff at St. Christopher's was Florence Wald, who took Saunders' philosophies back to the United States to become the founder of the hospice movement in the United States. In 1971 Robert Twycross was appointed as a Clinical Research Fellow by Saunders. During his tenure there, his studies on the effectiveness of morphine, diamorphine and methadone helped standardize and simplify the management of cancer pain.
Features.
The hospice contains sculptures by the artist Witold Gracjan Kawalec.

</doc>
<doc id="21409258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409258" title="Stéphane N'Zue Mba">
Stéphane N'Zue Mba

Stéphane N'Zue Mba (born 22 June 1979) is a Gabonese light middleweight boxer. Mba represented Gabon at the 2000 Summer Olympics, where he lost his only match to Cuban Juan Hernández Sierra.

</doc>
<doc id="21409259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409259" title="Gourma-Rharous Cercle">
Gourma-Rharous Cercle

The route of the annual circular migration of the Gourma elephants crosses a number of communes in the cercles of Gourma-Rharous and Douentza (Mopti Region). Lake Banzena () in the commune of Bambara Maoudé serves as an important source of water for the elephants at the end of the dry season (April to June). 
The cercle is divided into nine communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409261" title="Petr Netušil">
Petr Netušil

Petr Netušil is Czech sprint canoer who competed from the late 1990s to the mid-2000s. He won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four silvers (C-2 200 m: 2002, 2003; C-4 200 m: 2001, 2005) and two bronzes (C-4 200 m: 2003, C-4 1000 m: 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="21409269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409269" title="1981 Paris Open – Doubles">
1981 Paris Open – Doubles

Paolo Bertolucci and Adriano Panatta were the defending champions but lost in the first round to Jérôme Potier and Thierry Tulasne.
Ilie Năstase and Yannick Noah won in the final 6–4, 6–4 against Andrew Jarrett and Jonathan Smith.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21409284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409284" title="Wir warten auf's Christkind...">
Wir warten auf's Christkind...

"Wir warten auf's Christkind... or Wir warten auf's Christkind" ("We're waiting for the Christ-child") is a Christmas album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen, released under the alias Die Roten Rosen (the second time the alias is used; the first time was on a cover album).
For Australia, a version with an English language title Waiting for Santa Claus... or Waiting for Santa Claus, subtitled a Christmas album, was released, under the name Die Toten Hosen, not Die Roten Rosen.
Many of the traditional Christmas songs have altered lyrics, having themes like drugs ("Ihr Kinderlein kommet", "Leise rieselt der Schnee") or orgasming ("Jingle Bells"). "Ave Maria" is an instrumental intro. "Leise rieselt der Schnee", "Alle Jahre wieder" and "Frohes Fest" originally appeared on the single of "Sascha ...ein aufrechter Deutscher"; here they are re-recorded, the first two sounding much more like rock and "Frohes Fest" has slightly different lyrics. "Still, still, still" is sung by Kuddel in a harsh voice.
The album is inspired by [ The Yobs Christmas Album], which is in concept very similar to "Wir warten...": it was released by the Boys under a pseudonym (The Yobs), includes traditional Christmas song covers and a couple of original songs and the lyrics are changed to sound offensive.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/en/veroeffentlichungen_backkatalog_remastered_wir_warten_aufs_christkind.php]
Singles.
1998: "Weihnachtsmann vom Dach"<br>
1999: "Auld Lang Syne"

</doc>
<doc id="21409286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409286" title="Niafunké Cercle">
Niafunké Cercle

The cercle is subdivided into eight rural communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409323" title="Timbuktu Cercle">
Timbuktu Cercle

Timbuktu Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Tombouctou Region of Mali. It is the largest cercle by area in the whole of Mali. The capital lies at the city of Timbuktu. The cercle is divided into Rural and Urban Communes, and below this, quarters/villages. In the 2009 census the cercle had a population of 124,546.
Communes.
Timbuktu Cercle contains the following six communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409329" title="The Luis Jiménez Show">
The Luis Jiménez Show

The Luis Jiménez Show is New York City's number one Spanish language morning radio show. It is broadcast from X 96.3 New York ( MHz) and it is syndicated live to a number of different markets in the US Philadelphia,PA Tampa, Miami & Orlando, FL, New York, NY, Hartford, CT
History.
During the first two weeks of January 2007, new airings of "El Vacilón de la Mañana" program were discontinued, and only pre-recorded programs were aired, coinciding with Luis Jiménez's departure from the program. He signed a contract with the Univisión Radio network, but that contract prevented him with previous non-competitive agreements to air any new program in New York City during "El Vacilón"s alloted time slot until 2008.
On February 21, 2007, Luis Jiménez started producing his own show "The Luis Jiménez Show" and it started to be broadcast in several cities in the US, such as Dallas, Chicago, Los Angeles, among others through different Univisión Radio stations. In January, 2008, the "Luis Jiménez Show" arrived to NYC, taking an instant step in becoming #3 in the market.
Only some members of "Vacilón de la Mañana" followed Luis Jiménez to his new show. These were "Yun-Yún", "DJ Chucky" musical director, Metadona and his producer María Alma. Later followed "Sonny Flow", sound editor, and Rubén "El Moreno" who became part of "The Luis Jiménez Show" crew and in 2011 "Bocachula" and "El Shorty", after making an appearance and patching things with Luis Jiménez live in the program, joined the show.
Overview.
The Luis Jiménez Show has various key elements: prank calls, musical parodies, comedy sketches, humorous commentary about straight and odd news, and open telephone lines.
The program's key player is Luis Jiménez (born on March 26, 1970 in San Juan, Puerto Rico). Jiménez has many people around them that help him with the show.
Some of the regular participants have been Fay (a Colombian/PuertoRican/lesbian co-host), who was part of the show until departing in late 2010 or early 2011, Speedy (rather “slow” comic relief), Guebín, Metadona (“former” drug lord and substance abuse expert), Rubén “El Moreno” (prank call man) and Alma (producer). There are other members of the show with lesser roles, such as Negra Pola, Deebo a Nuyorican from The Bronx (who can't speak Spanish nor proper English) and “Las gemelas de Luis” (Luis' twins), a pair of Latino American twin sisters also called “Lulu and Lala”.
Each member of the team is known for a perceived self-avowed defect or particularity: Luis Jiménez claims to have undersized genitalia and hypospadias, Metadona is allegedly a former cocaine addict who now suffers from many speech dysfunctions as a result, and so on.
Prank calls.
Prank calls are usually presented in a section called "Dando Lata" (being a nuisance or simply bothering), in which unwitting people are called to their homes or job places and are provoked with touchy subjects for the prank victims (generally, they are taunted with intimate subjects). These prank calls are made by request from friends or family of the victims.
In 2004, as Rubén Ithier, also known as "Rubén El Moreno", was sent back to his country of origin, the Dominican Republic, this section was discontinued from "El Vacilón de la Mañana" show. These days, the Luis Jiménez show has re-hired Rubén to do his pranks from overseas. At first Rubén was living in his native country (Dominican Republic), and he would do his calls from there, but early in 2009], Rubén moved to Barcelona, Spain, and he has become a permanent resident of this country, so now the prank calls are conducted from Spain. "Rubén El Moreno" new nickname for the show is "Rubén El Gallego".
Comedic characters.
Luis Jiménez, who used to play all the comedic characters in his previous shows, plays various characters in fifteen-minute segments on the show (usually three a day). Among them: "Romeo", a parody on Dominican lead singer of the group Aventura; "Caballo Ventura", a very sexual and strong male caller, who is in love with Alma; "El Chef Pipí", a parody on Cuban chef and Univisión television personality José Hernández, better known as Chef Pepín, being Chef Pipí's main trait his questionable masculinity; "Goyito", a schoolkid but a perennial foul-mouthed prankster and "Federico "Pedrito" Rivera Rodríguez", better known as "Findingo", a chronic marijuana smoker with a strong speech impairment.
On October 31, for the first time in history The Luis Jiménez Show became airing in Philadelphia on its new station El Zol 1340 from 6-10am www.ElZolPhilly.com

</doc>
<doc id="21409340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409340" title="One Hour of Girl Power">
One Hour of Girl Power

One Hour of Girl Power is a 1997 VHS release based around the time of the Spice Girls' debut album "Spice". It shows various performances and all the music videos filmed up until that point, as well as behind the scenes of the videos. On iTunes, a five-minute abridged version of the video was released as a bonus track with the "Greatest Hits" album.
Summary.
"One Hour of Girl Power" shows the Spice Girls arriving at a hotel for a promotional tour in the United States. The girls are shown having a laugh and jumping in the hotel pool. Included on the video are the promotional video clips for their debut single, "Wannabe", as well as those for the following singles, "Say You'll Be There", "2 Become 1", "Mama" and "Who Do You Think You Are". The videos are interspersed with behind the scenes footage of the making of the videos, and a running commentary by the band. The video for "Who Do You Think You Are" appears in an alternate version, showing behind the scenes footage of the filming with British celebrities including Dawn French, Jennifer Saunders and Lulu, joining the Spice Girls in the video for the 1997 Comic Relief appeal. Footage of the girls in America, Hong Kong and the UK round out the documentary portion of the video. The video concludes with the classic performance at the 1997 BRIT Awards.
Sales.
The video was very successful at the time of its release and made it to the top spot on the U.K. Video Chart. It was also successful in many other countries such as Japan and America.

</doc>
<doc id="21409342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409342" title="Mike Maloy">
Mike Maloy

Michael Alvin Maloy (10 May 1949 – 3 February 2009) was an American professional basketball player who played in the United States (in the ABA) and in Austria (in the OBB).
Career.
College career.
Maloy attended Davidson College – although he never graduated – and was the first black player to play for the Davidson Wildcats men's basketball team, where he was a three-time All-American and Southern Conference Player of the Year in 1969 and 1970. Maloy is the school's all-time leading rebounder with a 12.9 average, and the school's seventh-leading scorer with 1,661. 
Maloy also became the first African American to join a college fraternity at Davidson when he was accepted into the school's Sigma Chi chapter in 1967.
Professional basketball career.
Upon becoming a professional, Maloy was drafted by the Boston Celtics of the NBA, but he rejected the draft and played three seasons in the ABA instead, with the Virginia Squires and the Dallas Chaparrals. He later played professionally in Austria, where he became a naturalised citizen in 1980.
After Basketball.
Upon leaving the professional team in Austria, Maloy coached Austrian youth teams. He also taught at the American International School of Vienna, Austria, where he coached a team as well.
When he was not coaching or teaching, Maloy was a member of the Boring Blues Band, which performed regularly throughout Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21409348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409348" title="Masore">
Masore

Masore is a dispersed settlement in the hills along the left bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21409381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409381" title="Robert Pierre (musician)">
Robert Pierre (musician)

Robert Scott Pierre (born October 17, 1992) is a Contemporary Christian musician, songwriter and guitarist from Orlando, Florida. His debut album, "Inside Out", was released on November 7, 2006 and produced by Al Denson. Pierre's second album, titled "Identity", was originally released in November 2008; it was re-released in April 2009 with three additional tracks, including the radio single "Jesus".
Discography.
Studio albums.
123

</doc>
<doc id="21409391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409391" title="James S. Wall">
James S. Wall

James Sean Wall (born October 11, 1964) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He currently serves as Bishop of Gallup.
Early life and education.
James Wall was born on the Navajo Nation in Ganado, Arizona, to James and Joan (née Hamilton) Wall. His parents converted to Catholicism after coming into contact with two Franciscan friars. One of six children, he has three sisters, Toni, Shani, and Kelly, and two brothers, Scott and Craig. He graduated from Chandler High School in 1983 and attended Arizona State University, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in History in 1993.
Wall then studied at St. John's Seminary in Camarillo, California, earning a Master's in Divinity in 1998. He also studied at the Liturgical Institute of St. Mary of the Lake Seminary in Mundelein, Illinois.
Priesthood.
Wall was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Thomas O'Brien on June 6, 1998. He then served as parochial vicar at St. Theresa Parish in Phoenix until 2001, and at St. Timothy Parish in Mesa from 2001 to 2002.
In 2002, Wall became pastor of St. Thomas the Apostle Parish in Phoenix. He remained at St. Thomas until his appointment to the diocesan chancery as Vicar for Priests in 2007. In addition to his pastoral duties, he also served as Administrator "pro tempore" of Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish (2007) and Director of the Mount Claret Retreat Center (2008-2009).
From 2003 to 2007, he was a member of the National Advisory Council for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.
Episcopal career.
On February 5, 2009, Wall was appointed the fourth Bishop of Gallup, New Mexico, by Pope Benedict XVI.
Bishop Wall took over the diocese after its former bishop, Donald Edmond Pelotte, resigned having previously been granted a one year leave of absence beginning in January 2008, to recover from a fall he suffered on July 23, 2007. Thomas J. Olmsted, Bishop of Phoenix, was appointed apostolic administrator sede plena by Pope Benedict for the duration of Bishop Pelotte's absence. On 30 April 2008 the Pope Benedict accepted the resignation from the pastoral government of the Diocese of Gallup, presented by Bishop Pelotte, in accordance with canon 401 § 2 of the Code of Canon Law. 
Bishop Wall took canonical possession of the Diocese at his consecration and installation on 23 April 2009.
Supporter of the Arts.
Bishop Wall, with the understanding that the Church should be patron of the arts, has renovated a chapel which serves as part of the spiritual formation of local seminarians as they prepare to pastor churches in the future. The chapel has been renovated with sacred art from local artisans who work in styles native to New Mexico. The style of art in the chapel, called “santero,” is a folk art based on Spanish colonial art. Artists in the style make their own pigments, and pray while they are creating their work. Arlene Sena, who produced the paintings found in the sanctuary, explains that prayer is “the key to this tradition.” Sena produced images of the Holy Family, Saint James, Saint Francis de Sales, Our Lady of Mount Carmel, two angels, and the Sacred Heart. Each was chosen for a particular reason, out of importance to the Gallup diocese and to Bishop Wall.

</doc>
<doc id="21409423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409423" title="Cyril Ridley">
Cyril Ridley

Flight Lieutenant Cyril Burfield Ridley, DSC (1895–1920) was a British World War I flying ace. He served with the Royal Naval Air Service in 1917/1918, flying Sopwith Triplanes and Sopwith Camels.
Early life.
Cyril Burfield Ridley was born in Esher, Surrey on 15 January 1895, the son of Douglas and Victoria Ridley. He attended Arundel House School in Surbiton, where he became a keen member of the school's Aero Club. In addition to building model aeroplanes, in 1910 when aged 15 he designed and built a man-carrying Chanute-type biplane glider, with a wingspan of 18 feet.
First World War.
Captain Ridley served on the Western Front with No. 1 Squadron, RNAS, initially flying the Sopwith Triplane. On 29 April 1917 he gained the first of 11 victories, with a share in the downing of an Albatros D.III. After he had scored three further victories the squadron re-equipped with the Sopwith Camel in December 1917. With the formation of the Royal Air Force on 1 April 1918 Captain Ridley became a Flight Lieutenant with No. 201 Squadron, and later that month he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Ridley's 11th and last victory occurred on 4 July 1918, with the shooting down of a Fokker D.VII near Foucaucourt.
On 10 July his aircraft suffered engine failure over enemy lines, he glided down and became a Prisoner of War.
Death.
After the war Cyril Ridley resumed flying with the RAF, serving with No. 12 Squadron in the occupied Rhineland.
During a flight at Lindenthal, near Cologne on 17 May 1920 his aircraft collided with that flown by Flying Officer J D De Pencier. Both aircraft crashed from 450 feet and Ridley and De Pencier were both killed. Ridley was buried at Cologne Southern Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21409429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409429" title="1982 Paris Open">
1982 Paris Open

The 1982 Paris Open was a Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 14th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters). It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from October 25 through November 1, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21409445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409445" title="Jan Macháč">
Jan Macháč

Jan Macháč is Czech sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a bronze medals at the 1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.

</doc>
<doc id="21409452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409452" title="Ansongo Cercle">
Ansongo Cercle

Ansongo Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Gao Region of Mali. The administrative center ("chef-lieu") is the town of Ansongo. The Niger River passes through the "cercle" and plays an important role in transportation and the economy in the region.
The cercle is divided into seven communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409465" title="Marco Villa (footballer)">
Marco Villa (footballer)

Marco Villa (born July 18, 1978 in Düsseldorf) is a German football player.
Career.
Villa spent five seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach and 1. FC Nuremberg. He is the youngest player for Borussia Mönchengladbach history to score a league goal (on September 6, 1996 in a game against Hamburger SV when he was 18 years and 50 days old).
Personal life.
Villa was the best friend of Robert Enke, the former German International.

</doc>
<doc id="21409468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409468" title="Tokyo Kid">
Tokyo Kid


</doc>
<doc id="21409471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409471" title="Oxford Parkway railway station">
Oxford Parkway railway station

Oxford Parkway railway station is a planned railway station at Water Eaton, Oxfordshire, on the railway line between Oxford and Islip. The station will be between Kidlington and Oxford next to an existing park-and-ride site. It will serve Kidlington, north Oxford and nearby villages, and attract park-and-ride traffic from the busy A34, A40 and A44 roads. The existing car park will be enlarged for this purpose.
The station is part of Project Evergreen 3, funded and managed by Chiltern Railways. It will be served every half-hour by trains between London and . Chiltern Railways plans to open the station in Summer 2015 for trains towards Bicester and London, with services towards Oxford commencing in Spring 2016. The journey time to London will be about an hour.
The East West Rail Consortium's planned rail service between Oxford and and Midland will also serve Oxford Parkway.
The station will be to the north-east of the site of the former , which was opened in 1905 and closed in 1926. In 1942 a Government grain silo was built next to the site as part of a Second World War network to concentrate scarce food and distribute it by rail. It was in operation until the late 1980s. In October 2013 Chiltern Railways had it demolished as part of site preparation for the new station and car park.
On 20 September 2013 the station name was announced as "Oxford Parkway". The previous widely-publicised planned name had been "Water Eaton Parkway".

</doc>
<doc id="21409475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409475" title="Saurian Exorcisms">
Saurian Exorcisms

Saurian Exorcisms is the second solo album by Karl Sanders, the vocalist/guitarist of the death metal band Nile. It was released on 14 April 2009 through The End Records. The music is a full length exploration of the atmospheric interludes heard on Nile's previous albums, and still draws on ancient Egyptian themes for inspiration. He has also now drawn inspiration from other types of music such as Tibetan, Indian and Arabic.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Karl Sanders.

</doc>
<doc id="21409476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409476" title="Roscoe, Nebraska">
Roscoe, Nebraska

Roscoe is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Keith County, Nebraska, United States. Its altitude is 3,173 feet (967 m).

</doc>
<doc id="21409478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409478" title="Viktor Jiráský">
Viktor Jiráský

Viktor Jiráský is Czech sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a bronze medal at the 1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.

</doc>
<doc id="21409484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409484" title="Bourem Cercle">
Bourem Cercle

Bourem Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Gao Region of north-eastern Mali. The administrative center ("chef-lieu") is the town of Bourem.
The cercle is divided into five communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409489" title="Cowbois Rhos Botwnnog">
Cowbois Rhos Botwnnog

Cowbois Rhos Botwnnog are a folk band consisting of three brothers from Rhos Botwnnog, between the villages of Botwnnog and Llaniestyn in the Llyn Peninsula, North Wales, and accompanying musicians and singers. They experiment with country, folk and rock music. Most of their lyrics are in Welsh.
Career.
The three brothers, Iwan, Aled and Dafydd Hughes, formed the band in 2006 and got a fair amount of attention from the Welsh language music scene through an early appearance on S4C's music programme "Bandit". BBC Radio Cymru's C2 programme slot also regularly aired demos that the band had recorded. By the time they had released their debut album, "Dawns Y Trychfilod" ("Dance of the Insects") on the Sbrigyn Ymborth label in 2007, they had already developed a good following and were regularly appearing on stage with some of Wales's best known acts. The album was produced by Dyl Mei and recorded at the producer's now-closed Blaen y Cae studio. The band launched the album with a headlining tour throughout Wales. The album stayed at the number 1 slot for numerous weeks on the C2 chart.
In 2008, the band worked to create a different sound, deciding to concentrate more on the country aspect of their music. They co-worked with singer-songwriter Gwyneth Glyn and pedal steel player Euron "Jos" Jones and released the single "Paid a Deud", also on the Sbrigyn Ymborth label. The title track is a re-working of a traditional Welsh folk song.
Summer 2009 saw Llyr Pari of labelmates Jen Jeniro join the band as an additional live guitarist, and played at their biggest summer appearances at the Wakestock festival and Maes B at the Eisteddfod.
2010 was a quieter year for the band in terms of live performances as they concentrated on writing new material. Over the summer a version of Neil Young's "Cortez the Killer" crept into the set. The band played the opening Sunday of the Royal Welsh's Young People's Village and the final Saturday of the National Eisteddfod's Maes B.
The band were subject to a profile in North Wales and Liverpool's Daily Post newspaper in September 2010, in which Ian Hughes described the band as producing "a sound so independent and divorced from music lazily being made by a lot of other new groups".
The band entered Bryn Derwen studio with producer and engineer Dave Wrench in September 2010. Once again Branwen "Sbrings" Williams, who had provided backing vocals on "Dawns y Trychfilod", and Euron "Jos" Jones were in tow, as well as Llyr Pari, who had regularly been playing live with the brothers. The resulting album, "Dyddiau Du, Dyddiau Gwyn", was released in December of that year and garnered widespread acclaim and airplay.
In 2011 the band had two new songs featured in the "Y Record Goch" compilation, released by new label Recordiau Lliwgar. They continued to perform regularly, including a slot at the Green Man Festival and, for the first time, shows outside Wales.
Third album "Draw Dros y Mynydd" was released in summer 2012 and was shortlisted for the Welsh Music Prize 2012.
In 2013 the band continued to tour heavily, and appeared with new material on the S4C music series "Y Stiwdio Gefn". A new song, "Tyrd Olau Gwyn", appeared in the 9-track "O'r Nyth" compilation, released by Welsh label Nyth in December.

</doc>
<doc id="21409496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409496" title="Gao Cercle">
Gao Cercle

Gao Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Gao Region of north-eastern Mali. The administrative center ("chef-lieu") is the town of Gao. 
During the Northern Mali conflict in 2012, the main Tuareg rebel group, the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) lost the region to the Islamist groups Ansar Dine, Movement for Oneness and Jihad in West Africa (MOJWA) and Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). In 2013, the Islamists then lost most of the region to French and Malian soldiers.
The cercle is divided into seven communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409499" title="Bland Ballard (judge)">
Bland Ballard (judge)

Bland Ballard (September 4, 1819 – July 29, 1879) was a United States federal judge.
Ballard was the son of James and Susannah (Cox) Ballard and grandson of the Kentucky pioneer of the same name. Ballard was born in Shelby County, Kentucky. He read law in the office of Judge James Turner Morehead in 1840 to enter the Kentucky Bar, and later was graduated from the law department of Transylvania University in 1846. He opened a private practice in Shelbyville, Kentucky, and then moved to Louisville, Kentucky, where he practiced law in partnership with the Henry Pirtle, later the distinguished Chancellor of the Louisville Chancery Court, until 1861. Ballard was connected with the business interests of Louisville and took an active interest in the city and its institutions. At one time he served as city councilor for the City of Louisville. 
On October 16, 1861, Ballard received a recess appointment from President Abraham Lincoln to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Kentucky vacated by Thomas Bell Monroe, who had become a member of the Congress of the Confederate States. Ballard was formally nominated on December 9, 1861 and on January 22, 1862, he was confirmed by the United States Senate and received his commission. He quickly reorganized the court and insured that the federal court system in Kentucky would continue without disruption. "His district was responsible for more indictments for treason and conspiracy than perhaps any other" and he was "regarded as fair-minded and guided by the law, not prejudice. He was opposed to slavery and strongly supported the Union". 
The years immediately following the Civil War saw a great increase in cases filed in the district court from questions growing out of the war, especially the internal revenue law and bankruptcy law. In addition to his duties as district judge, Ballard served as president of the Kentucky National Bank and the Cave Hill Cemetery Company and was active in various civic organizations. He continued to serve on the court until his death in Louisville, Kentucky.
Personal life.
On December 16, 1846, Judge Ballard married Miss Sarah McDowell. They had five children: Mary H., Austin, Fanny, Bland, Jr., and Susie. Ballard died in office on June 29, 1879, and was buried in the Cave Hill Cemetery, Louisville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="21409504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409504" title="The Best of Nelly">
The Best of Nelly

 
The Best of Nelly is an Compilation album by rapper Nelly released in Japan on February 4, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21409507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409507" title="Mark Blake (Irish politician)">
Mark Blake (Irish politician)

Mark Blake (died 27 June 1886) was an Irish politician.
He was elected in 1840 as a Member of Parliament for Mayo, and held the seat until 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="21409509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409509" title="FCM Dorohoi">
FCM Dorohoi

FCM Dorohoi is a Romanian professional football club from Dorohoi, Botoşani County, Romania, founded in 2010. Home matches are played at Stadionul Municipal, the same stadium which Cristalul, former Dorohoi football team, used to play.
History.
The club promoted from the Liga IV at the end of the 2010–11 season.
They finished 8th in the 2011–12 Liga III and 2nd 2012–13 Liga III.
The club currently plays in the Liga III in the 2013-14 season.
Honours.
Liga III:
Liga IV:

</doc>
<doc id="21409513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409513" title="Summerlicious and Winterlicious">
Summerlicious and Winterlicious

Summerlicious and Winterlicious are two food festivals that are held each year in Toronto, Canada. Winterlicious runs during the first two weeks of February, typically one of the poorest times of the year in terms of restaurant attendance. Summerlicious occurs at the start of July, also a slow time for restaurants. During the events major restaurants from across the city offer a limited menu of prix fixe dinners at a discount from typical prices. Currently the prices are $15, $20 or $25 for lunch and $25, $35 or $45 for dinner, with drinks and gratuity extra.
The promotion originally began in 2003 with 35 restaurants participating. Based on similar events in other cities it was designed to boost the restaurant trade at a slow time of the year. It was further promoted as part of the efforts to help Toronto recover from the tourism decline that followed the SARS epidemic in 2003. The event has since grown rapidly, becoming a popular semiannual event. In 2009 150 restaurants were invited to participate in Winterlicious. 
The event is run by the special events department of the city, and the city selects which restaurants are allowed to participate. There are several rules for becoming a participating restaurant, including certain price standards, a clean health inspection record, and good reviews from prominent Toronto restaurant review guides. It is also closed to chains. There is considerable demand to be included in Winterlicious. While the prices are discounted, participating restaurants see three to four times as much business. Non-participating restaurants are also correspondingly hurt during the event. Final invitations are at discretion of the city, which has been accused of choosing the largest and most prominent of the city's dining locations at the expense of smaller local ones.
Despite the large number of attendees and the stiff competition for restaurants to be included, the event is also regularly criticized. Customers complain about smaller food portions and lower ingredient quality. Restaurant workers complain about being overworked and forced to deal with over large numbers of uneducated diners.
Even with these criticisms, the licious promotions remain a very popular program and provide an opportunity for restaurants to make money during a typically otherwise slow time of the year. In Winterlicious 2009, 180,000 meals were served over 2 weeks, resulting in $12 million in economic impact for the City of Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="21409514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409514" title="Joseph Hermann">
Joseph Hermann

Joseph W. Hermann is a leading American wind band conductor and educator and is currently Director of Bands and Professor of Music at Tennessee Technological University in Cookeville, Tennessee. He is also the current President of the American Bandmasters Association.
Biography.
Hermann received his undergraduate and masters degrees from Drake University, where he studied under Don Marcoullier. At Drake, Herman experienced frequent theoretical study by returning guest lecturer Vincent Persichetti. As a young clarinetist, he played principal clarinet in Karl King's band in Fort Dodge, Iowa. Hermann also studied and interacted with legendary conductors Sir Georg Solti and John Paynter. Hermann also studied with Václav Nelhýbel, with whom he remained close to until Nelhýbel's death, and John Boyd, who worked with Hermann while transcribing the music of Karel Husa for wind band. In college, Hermann became a Brother of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia. After college, Hermann taught secondary school, directing the Dowling High School Band in West Des Moines, Iowa, and supervising the Des Moines Catholic Instrumental Music Program for the Diocese of Des Moines. Under his leadership, the school music program grew to unprecedented enrollment. In addition, he served as the Educational Director for Bands of America and McCormick’s Enterprises, a music corporation in Chicago, Illinois. His college teaching positions include Director of Bands at East Tennessee State University, Associate Director of Bands and the Director of the Pride of Arizona Marching Band at the University of Arizona, an Assistant Director of Bands and a Director of the Marching Hundred at Indiana University, where he became an Honorary member of Kappa Kappa Psi. One of Hermann's students at Indiana was a young Richard Saucedo. He has appeared in over thirty states, Canada, the Netherlands, Japan, and other places around the world.
Tennessee Tech.
In 1989, Hermann became the director of bands at Tennessee Tech University in Cookeville, TN. At Tech, he directs and oversees a comprehensive program that includes the University Wind Ensemble and Symphony Band as well as directing the Tennessee American Legion Boy's State Band for thirteen years. Since coming to Tech, Hermann increased the band's exposure, conducting the Tech bands for NPR broadcasts, director resource CDs, and taking the bands to various conferences, including the 2008 ABA convention and the 1994 CBDNA convention. Hermann and the Tech Symphony band are responsible for numerous commissioned compositions from award winning composers including Donald Grantham, Robert Jager, Greg Danner, Thomas Sleeper, and Rodney Waschka II. Composers such as Adam Gorb, Robert W. Smith, Gunther Schuller, James Barnes, Mark Camphouse, John Zdechlik, Jared Spears, Eric Ewazen, James Curnow, Elliot Del Borgo and Leroy Osmon have also visited and had residencies with the Tech band. Hermann's tenure at Tech has cemented him as a music educator of note, with many of his former students teaching and conducting in every facet of the wind band community. Hermann is also frequently published in journals and research documents concerning the entire scope of wind studies. Hermann and the TTU bands record frequently and are recording a CD of new music published by C. Alan Publications, which includes music by Greg Danner and Elliot Del Borgo. Hermann also oversees Tennessee Tech's annual Festival of Winds and Percussion that has featured guest conductors including Thomas Lee, Kenneth Bloomquist, Thomas Fraschillo, James Keene, James Croft, Frank Wickes, Stanley Michalski, Alan Bonner, John Bourgeois, and Harry Begian. Hermann and the Symphony Band have also appeared with guest soloists including Joseph Alessi, Joseph Skillen, Tim Northcut, Phillip Barham, Kelly Thomas, Bryce Edwards, and the Boston Brass.
American Bandmaster.
In 1996, in recognition of outstanding service and achievements to music, Herman was elected into the American Bandmasters Association. As an ABA member, Hermann has served on various committees, overseen commissioning projects, and served on the Board of Directors. In 2007, Hermann was named Vice-President of the ABA, and in 2008 became the President-Elect. He assumed the Presidency during the ABA convention March 4–8 in College Station, Texas, succeeding Robert Jorgenson.
Honors and awards.
In addition to the ABA, Hermann is a member of CBDNA, , NBA, the Tennessee Bandmasters Association, has served as the editor for the New Music Reviews for the Tennessee Musician, and is a past board member of the Tennessee Music Educators Association. He is a member of Phi Beta Mu, a past President of the Pac-10 Band Directors Association, a past Province Governor for Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, and holds honorary memberships in Kappa Kappa Psi and Tau Beta Sigma. In 2008, Herman received the Kappa Kappa Psi Distinguished Service to Music Medal honoring leaders in wind studies. In 2009, Jeremy S. Martin, composer/arranger for the U.S. Air Force and TTU alumnus, composed a Suite for Band in honor of Mr. Hermann's twenty years as director of the Tech band program.
Personal life.
Hermann is married and has two children. He resides in Cookeville. He is good friends with renown Tech tuba professor R. Winston Morris as well as conductors David Waybright of the University of Florida, Wiliam J. Moody of the University of South Carolina, and W.J. Julian, former Director of Bands at Tennessee Tech and the University of Tennessee.
Discography.
"America's Millennium Tribute to Adolphe Sax Volume XII". Tucson: Arizona University Recordings (AUR 3129), 2007.
Performed with the Tennessee Tech Wind Ensemble, Phillip Barham, soloist.
"Slide Ride: Works for Solo Trombone and Band" Mark Masters (6055 MCD), 2005
"Tennessee Tech Pride" Mark Masters (4371 MCD), 2003
"Discovery: Emerging and Celebrated Repertoire for Solo Saxophone and Band Volume I". Mark Masters (3918 MCD), 2002.
"Band Music of Distinction Volume V". Daehn Publications (DP1527)
Performed with the Tennessee Tech Symphony Band
"Jupiter". Independent through Tennessee Tech. 1995
"The Waters of Myth". Independent through Tennessee Tech. 1994
Recorded at the 1994 CBDNA convention at the Ohio State University.

</doc>
<doc id="21409517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409517" title="Samil Grigoe">
Samil Grigoe

Samil Grigoe is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a silver medal at the 1999 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="21409526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409526" title="Paolo Giordano">
Paolo Giordano

Paolo Giordano (born 1982) is an Italian writer who won the Premio Strega literary award with his first novel "The Solitude of Prime Numbers".
Biography.
Paolo Giordano was born in December 19, 1982, in Turin, Italy. He studied physics at the University of Turin and holds a PhD in theoretical particle physics. "The Solitude of Prime Numbers", his first novel, has sold over a million copies and was translated into thirty languages.
The Italian language film based on the novel was released in September 2010.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21409528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409528" title="Lac La Martre">
Lac La Martre

Lac La Martre, is the third largest lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is located approximately northwest of the territorial capital of Yellowknife. The Tlicho community of Whati (formerly called Lac La Martre) is located on the east shore of Lac La Martre.
Fauna.
The lake is located on a main north/south bird migration route. Hundreds of thousands of ducks, geese and other migratory bird species gather to feed in the marshes.
Demographics.
Whatì, a small First Nations community with a population of 460, is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="21409533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409533" title="Abeïbara Cercle">
Abeïbara Cercle

Abeïbara Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali. The capital lies at the small town of Abeïbara. The Cercle is divided into Communes, and below this, quarters/villages. As of 2009 the cercle had a population of 10,286.
Communes.
The Abeïbara Cercle contains the following Rural Communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409536" title="Mead Wildlife Area">
Mead Wildlife Area

The Mead (George W.) Wildlife Area is a state wildlife area covering in central Wisconsin. It includes portions of Marathon, Portage, and Wood counties. It is managed by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (WDNR). The Area is commonly referred to as "the Mead". Eight WDNR staff manage the Area. The non-profit organization Friends of the Mead/McMillan Association, Inc. assist with raising funds to support the area's activities. 
The Mead has over 70 miles of maintained hiking trails and a 7 mile bike loop around the Berkahn Flowage. It is home to 248 species of birds every year. A total of 267 bird species have been recorded as of 2012 for the Mead SWA. Currently, there are 126 bird species known to breed in this area. 
History.
Originally in the early 1900s, the lowlands in the area were to be used for farming. They were drained by digging ditches and dredging and straightening a five mile (8 km) section of the Little Eau Pleine River. Farming failed, however, as the lowlands were too cold and acidic for farming.
In 1933, the area was to be the site of two reservoirs impounding the Big and Little Eau Pleine Rivers. Land was purchased by the Consolidated Water Power and Paper Company (now NewPage Corporation). The Big Eau Pleine River dam was built in 1936. The dam on the Little Eau Pleine River, which would have created the second largest lake in Wisconsin with , was not built due to opposition from conservationists and local residents. On April 10, 1959, Stanton W. Mead, President of Consolidated Paper Company, donated to the State of Wisconsin for use as a state wildlife area. The Area is named for Stanton's father, George W. Mead. The Visitor Center bears Stanton's name. Then governor Gaylord Nelson attended the dedication. Additional land has been purchased or donated since the Area's inception. 
In addition to the Mead's area, the McMillan Marsh Wildlife Area is also managed by the same WDNR employees. It encompasses and is located one mile (1.6 km) north of the Marshfield city limits. It is named after the town of McMillan in which it is located. On documentation, the two areas are collectively referred to as "Mead/McMillan".
Purpose.
The Area encompasses different ecosystems including grasslands, conifer bogs, hardwood forests, wetlands, ponds (reservoirs), uplands, and agricultural fields. Generically, the Area consists of forest, wetlands, and grasslands comprising , , and respectively. There are three objectives of the Mead Wildlife Area: resource management, recreation management, and environmental education. 
Resource management includes management of the various ecosystems. Grasslands are maintained by prescribed burns and forests are maintained by sustainable forest management practices. Reservoirs are surrounded by dikes or higher ground. Pumping stations and water control structures manage the flow of water from the Little Eau Pleine River and individual reservoirs. Various universities and state and federal government wildlife agencies conduct research on the property.
Recreation management includes managing the Area for hunting, fishing, trapping, hiking, birding, and biking. Public access to all areas is open year round, except for designated wildlife refuges. Most dikes and logging trails are foot accessible and one dike has a marked bike trail. An area has been designated for hunting dog training. All exterior boundaries are marked with signs. 
Environmental education is provided to students from various schools located in the surrounding areas. Target audiences include elementary aged school children and environmental education teachers.
Visitor Center.
The Stanton W. Mead Education and Visitor Center () was constructed in 2005, and includes sustainable design methods and renewable energy technologies such as environmentally-responsible construction methods, environmentally-responsible materials, high-performance building envelope, passive solar and cool day lighting, active solar heating for domestic hot water, geothermal heating and cooling, wind-turbine generated electricity, solar photovoltaic generated electricity, biomass wood heat, and high-performance mechanical systems. The architect Thomas Brown designed building won the Wisconsin Green Building Alliance 2006 Sustainability and Energy Efficiency (SE2) Leadership Award of Excellence.
The Center was built largely through private funds and in-kind donations of materials and services, totaling $1.6 million. The State of Wisconsin contributed $606,000 to the project.
The Center, along with other buildings, houses the WDNR staff, resource management equipment and is used for environmental education.

</doc>
<doc id="21409553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409553" title="Aron Gajarszki">
Aron Gajarszki

Aron Gajarszki is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 1999 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="21409566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409566" title="Peter Herlihy">
Peter Herlihy

Peter Herlihy, University of Kansas geographer, the Associate Director and Graduate Advisor, Latin American Studies, University of Kansas and field director of the controversial U.S. DOD funded México Indígena project known as the Bowman Expeditions, an initiative of the American Geographical Society to organize international teams of geographers to research potentially "important" place-based issues and restore the role of geographers as advisers to U.S. government foreign policy makers. The stated objective of the México Indígena project is to produce maps of the “digital human terrain,” of the region's indigenous peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="21409570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409570" title="Eagle City, Utah">
Eagle City, Utah

Eagle City is a ghost town located in Garfield County, Utah, United States. Nestled in Bromide Basin high in the remote Henry Mountains of southern Utah, it was a gold mining camp. Eagle City was settled about 1890, but was almost abandoned by the start of World War I. A single resident remained until the 1970s.
History.
In 1889 a pair of prospectors discovered gold deposits in the Bromide Basin area, setting off a small gold rush. Owners of the Bromide and Oro mines built mills on Crescent Creek, where a small town grew up. Eagle City soon had a store, hotel, doctor's office, and saloon. As many as 100 people lived here at one point. Eagle City had a rough reputation, and members of Butch Cassidy's Wild Bunch were known to visit.
As the mine shafts reached the depth, the mines began to fill with water. A drain tunnel was planned, but never completed due to lack of capital. In 1911 the Bromide Mill burned down. Soon World War I took most of the remaining young men. Only Frank Lawler stayed behind at Eagle City. He lived there alone for the next 60 years, searching for the legendary Lost Josephine Mine.

</doc>
<doc id="21409572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409572" title="Kidal Cercle">
Kidal Cercle

Kidal Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Kidal Region of Mali. The administrative center "(chef-lieu)" is the town of Kidal. The cercle is divided into rural and urban communes, and below this, quarters/villages. In 2009 the cercle had a population of 33,087.
The climate is typical Saharian with very little rainfall and large fluctuations in temperature. The average annual rainfall is around 130 mm but there are large year to year variations with 204 mm recorded in 1999 and only 66 mm in 1990.
The mountain region of Adrar des Ifoghas was taken by French and Chadian forces on 22 February 2013 as part of the Northern Mali conflict. The area of In Arab, near Anefif, was captured by MNLA forces on 29-30 March 2013.
Communes.
The Kidal Cercle contains the following "communes":

</doc>
<doc id="21409597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409597" title="Cathedral of the Holy Saviour, Luanda">
Cathedral of the Holy Saviour, Luanda

The Cathedral of Luanda (Cathedral of the Holy Saviour) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Luanda, Angola. It was built in 1628 and is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Luanda.

</doc>
<doc id="21409602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409602" title="Tin-Essako Cercle">
Tin-Essako Cercle

Tin-Essako Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Kidal Region of Mali. The administrative center ("chef-lieu") is at the village of Tin-Essako. In the 2009 census the "cercle" had a population of 7,976 people. The "cercle" is the least populated in Mali and has an extreme Saharian climate.
Communes.
Tin-Essako Cercle contains the following two rural "communes":

</doc>
<doc id="21409604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409604" title="Pennsylvania Conference for Women">
Pennsylvania Conference for Women

The Pennsylvania Conference for Women is a nonprofit, nonpartisan leadership conference for women of all ages and backgrounds. The one-day event consists of keynote addresses and breakout sessions led by experts in the fields of business, philanthropy, health, finance, media and professional development. Attendees learn new communication skills, leadership strategies and work/life balance tools designed to enhance their professional and personal growth.
Since its inception in 2003, the executive forum has alternated host cities each year between Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.
History.
The first annual conference was held in 2003 in the city of Pittsburgh. Governor Edward G. Rendell, in conjunction with the Pennsylvania Commission on Women, officially hosted the event, which has featured keynote speakers including Madeleine Albright, former U.S. Secretary of State; Sandra Day O’Connor, Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court; Indra Nooyi, Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo; and Doris Kearns Goodwin, presidential historian and best-selling author.
In 2006, The Pennsylvania Conference for Women launched its Scholarship Program. More than 40 Pennsylvania colleges and universities committed to this program in its first year, and each agreed to dedicate a minimum of $2,500 in scholarship funds each year for four years. This statewide program has provided more than $400,000 in scholarships to deserving Pennsylvania women of all ages.
On September 17, 2009, the conference was held in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania Convention Center.
Past Conference Speakers.
The conference has hosted a series of past notable speakers:
Madeleine Albright; Ellen Alemany; Martha Beck; Bertice Berry; Indra Bnooyi; Nancy Brinker; Marcus Bukingham; Majora Carter; Jean Chatzky; Kelly Corrigan; Sandra Day O'Connor; Linda Ellerbee; Mia Farrow; Helene Gayle; Nancy Giles; Farkhonda Hassan; Glenda Hatchett; Teresa Heinz; Jessica Herrin; Diane Holder; Mae Jemison; Tory Johnson; Marion Jones; Sarah Jones; Doris Kearns Goodwin; Evelyn Lauder; Lisa Ling; Laura Liswood; Monica Malpass; Judith Martin; Tracey Matisak; Denise Morrison; Betsy Myers; Suze Orman; Julia Reed; Anne Richards; Judith Rodin; Gretchen Rubin; Zainab Salbi; Liz Smith; Gloria Steinem; Christy Turlington Burns; Naomi Tutu; Marian Wright Edelman; Sheryl WuDunn.

</doc>
<doc id="21409613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409613" title="Filip Krstić">
Filip Krstić

Filip Krstić (born 24 September 1988 in Munich, Germany) is a professional football player who presently plays for Carl Zeiss Jena.
Career.
Krstić, a German-born Serbian, began his football career at SpVgg Unterhaching in 1995 at the age of 7, then joined FC Bayern Munich in the summer of 1999 when he was 11. He moved to Hertha BSC in late 2005 at age 17 and joined their youth A-team. Krstić played for two and a half years in Berlin, before joining Valencia CF in July 2007. After only six months with Valencia CF, he left to sign for the Series A club A.S. Livorno Calcio in Spain, and played his first game on 18 May 2008 against Empoli F.C. Krstić then played in Livorno for one year before signing a contract in Germany with Arminia Bielefeld's reserve team. After one year in their reserves, Krstić left Arminia Bielefeld for SV Babelsberg 03. In July 2010, he spent time as trialist with Dutch club SC Cambuur. In July 2011, he signed for SpVgg Unterhaching, the first club he played for as a young footballer. Following his second stretch with the Munich-based club, Krstić left for a brief stretch of time with FSV Frankfurt before signing with Berliner AK 07 in 2012. After 29 appearances for Berliner AK, Krstić signed with Carl Zeiss Jena in 2013.
Position.
Krstić is a variable defender who can play in either central defense or as a left fullback.
International career.
The German-born Krstić was a member of the U-17 Serbian national team at the 2005 UEFA European Championship and also played for the Serbian U-19 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="21409615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409615" title="Cryptoclearance">
Cryptoclearance

Cryptoclearance (April 9, 1984 in Kentucky – September 24, 2009) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Scotty Schulhofer, leading up to the 1987 U.S. Triple Crown series, Cryptoclearance won the Florida Derby. He ran fourth in the Kentucky Derby and third in the Preakness Stakes to winner Alysheba, then was second to Bet Twice in the Belmont Stakes.
Cryptoclearance raced for three years, winning twelve of his forty-four starts of which three were Grade I events.
Retired to stud duty, Cryptoclearance stood at Margaux Farm in Midway, Kentucky. As a sire, his top offspring includes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409625" title="Tessalit Cercle">
Tessalit Cercle

Tessalit Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Kidal Region of Mali. The administrative centre is the village of Tessalit. The Cercle is divided into Communes, and below this, quarters/villages. As of 2009 the cercle had a population of 16,289. 
Communes.
The Tessalit Cercle contains the following Rural Communes:

</doc>
<doc id="21409631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409631" title="Deaf Havana">
Deaf Havana

Deaf Havana are an English alternative rock band from Hunstanton and King's Lynn in the English county of Norfolk. The band was formed in 2005 at the King's Lynn campus of The College of West Anglia.
Biography.
Early Days (2005–2008).
Deaf Havana was formed when the original members met at the King's Lynn campus of The College of West Anglia. The band's roots can, however, be traced back much further with Ryan Mellor, James Veck-Gilodi and Lee Wilson all attending Smithdon High School and playing together in various local scene bands. At college, these members were joined by Tom Ogden and Sebastian Spitz. This early lineup saw Veck-Gilodi singing and Mellor taking guitar and vocal duties. The name "Deaf Havana" came from former guitarist Sebastian Spitz, however the name itself has no literal meaning. The band wrote songs and a demo "White Lines But No Camera" was recorded in August 2006 at The Lodge, Northampton. The band toured this lineup until Chris Pennells replaced Spitz. Pennells was formerly a member of the band Something About Dave. Around the same time, Mellor handed over guitar parts to Veck-Gilodi, and took on the lead role.
In late 2006, the band began writing songs for their debut EP, entitled "Evangeline". Two songs were roughly recorded, titled "The Smiles Were Forced" and "Where It Begins", which were uploaded onto the band's Myspace page. The EP was soon recorded, with "The Smiles Were Forced" being dropped from the EP's track listing. Its artwork is by Josh Brown who later had a song dedicated to him by the band called "Josh Brown, Don't Talk to Strangers", which was actually an early demo for the song "They Call It the Easy Life", featured on "It's Called the Easy Life". "For Stories Sake" was previously featured on the band's debut digital EP "White Lines But No Camera" with the slightly altered title "For the Stories Sake". "Tell Me More Georgie Boy" is the only song from any previous release to make it onto "Meet Me Halfway, At Least", and is now called "Another Day in This House".
Wolf at Your Door Records (2008–2010).
"It's Called the Easy Life".
Beginning in October 2007, the band began work on new songs, which eventually were released on "It's Called the Easy Life". On 21 June 2008, the band announced signing a deal consisting of one EP and two albums with Wolf at Your Door Records, as well as the recording date for said debut EP, now titled "It's Called the Easy Life". The EP was eventually recorded by Jonny Renshaw from Devil Sold His Soul and was mixed by Matt O'Grady (You Me at Six, Architects) and released in October 2008. The EP received strong reviews from various musical publications, following which the band begin to receive some recognition. January 2009 saw the band complete a UK wide tour with We Are the Ocean and The Urgency, and the release of their first music video for the song "Oh Howard, You Crack Me Up".
"Meet Me Halfway, At Least".
On 25 May 2009, the band entered the studio to record their debut studio album, "Meet Me Halfway, At Least", with producer Matt O'Grady. The album was released for pre-order from Wolf at Your Door Records on 7 September 2009, and was released on iTunes and shops on 5 October 2009. Two singles have been taken from this album. "Friends Like These" was released, with B-side "Hey Baby, This Is Our Song", on 17 August 2009, for digital download. A video was also released for this single. Their second single, "Nicotine and Alcohol Saved My Life" was released on 15 March 2010, also via digital download. The single contains a remix of "Friends Like These" by Essex band Kenai. Its music video was first shown on music channels and online from 22 February 2010. Before the release of the album, Deaf Havana embarked on the UK Metal Hammer Introducing Tour along with Young Guns and The Casino Brawl. A week after the final date for this tour, Deaf Havana played an album release party show in hometown King's Lynn, with support from Underline the Sky and All Forgotten.
2010 saw the band on several tours across the UK and Europe, including a headlining UK mini tour with All Forgotten and Francesqa in March, a European tour with Emery from March through to April, as well as a support slot on Emarosa UK tour in May. Just prior to the mini tour with All Forgotten, the band announced that Mellor would not be embarking on these tours with them due to personal circumstances, with Max d'Albiac from Brides replacing him. Mellor left the band on 10 May 2010, due to the same personal problems that caused him to pull out of 2010 tours. Deaf Havana decided to continue as a four piece and a replacement for Mellor was not sought.
BMG (2011–present).
"Fools and Worthless Liars".
The band began the follow-up to 2009's "Meet Me Halfway, At Least" in early 2010. They released a new demo track on Myspace and Facebook, entitled "My Life Is Average". On 29 and 30 May 2010, Deaf Havana played on the Kerrang! Introducing Stage at the Slam Dunk Festival at University of Hertfordshire, Hatfield and University of Leeds, respectively. At these shows, the band opened with an untitled new song. On 13 August 2010, the band released a new demo track through their Facebook page entitled "Home Sweet Home". The band supported You Me at Six, along with Kids in Glass Houses and The Blackout, for a Halloween special at The Regal in Oxford. The band played two new songs on their headline tour in the UK, entitled "Pop" and "I Will Try", and also announced that they had been recording for their new album but have "no idea" when it is to be released, although a 2011 release was said to be likely.
At the band's 17 December 2010 show at the Liverpool Masque Loft, a new song was played, tentatively named "Down Syndrome Pigs". They also played 3 songs at Maida Vale Studios, two of which were "Pop" & "I Will Try". Live videos of many of these new songs, including "Vines" and "Youth in Retrospect", appeared on various media sites. Previously released material such as "The World or Nothing", "I'm A Bore, Mostly", "Home, Sweet Home", "My Life is Average" and "Smiles All Around" were also recorded live by fans, although the latter three did not feature on "Fools and Worthless Liars". The band confirmed via Twitter on 19 February 2011, that the recording of their second full length album was under way and that the album was being recorded with producer/engineer Matt O'Grady (You Me at Six, Fastlane) in Woking, Surrey. Recording was completed in late summer 2011.
On 20 May 2011, the band released the first song, called "The World or Nothing", from their untitled second album. The song was not released as a single, but the song is accompanied by a video made from footage taken at Hit The Deck Festival, directed by Jon Stone. The first single from the album was confirmed to be "I'm A Bore, Mostly" on 30 August 2011. It was played on BBC Radio 1 by Zane Lowe and the following week by Sara Cox. The title of the album, "Fools and Worthless Liars" was made public on 23 September 2011. Deaf Havana also released a music video for the single on 11 October 2011, which accumulated over 20,000 plays on the day of release. They then supported fellow British rockers You Me at Six on tour that month. "Fools and Worthless Liars" was released on 7 November 2011, coinciding with London Barfly and Norwich Arts Centre release gigs. The album peaked at number 1 on the UK Rock Album Chart. In late November and early December 2011, the band toured Europe as direct support to Skindred before returning to the UK to support Architects on their tour through mid December. The band performed their own UK headline tour through April 2012, with support from The Swellers and The Dangerous Summer. They also performed another headline tour in November 2012, with support from Canterbury and There For Tomorrow.
The band re-recorded an alternative version of "Fools and Worthless Liars" which was released on 22 October 2012. The "Fools and Worthless Liars Deluxe Edition" album reached number 51 in the UK Albums Chart (reaching number 28 mid-week). Lead singer, James-Veck Gilodi, expressed his views about his personal influences in the "Fools and Worthless Liars Deluxe Documentary" saying that he "wanted to do something that was more musical interesting" and record something that was "truer" to the bands actual influences. After playing the St Pancras Station Festival, from which the band thought "went well" and was "thoroughly enjoyable", the band set about re-recording each song on "Fools and Worthless Liars" hoping to show off their musicianship that may not have come across on the album by using different instruments, sounds and genres.
"Old Souls".
Deaf Havana began composing new material to be featured on their third album in October 2012. On 25 January 2013, the band announced that the writing process was complete and that they would enter the studio a week later. It was rumoured, during the highly successful An Evening With Deaf Havana - Unplugged that the new, yet currently unnamed, album would be released "around September". However, no precise date was set or confirmed at this point. It was later revealed in 2012 that the new album would be entitled "Old Souls" and was expected to be released on 16 September 2013. Moreover, the band created a feature length documentary, entitled "English Hearts", which was released as a CD/DVD combination on the deluxe version of "Old Souls". The feature documented the history of the band, in their own words, and was directed by Jon Stone, a director who had previously filmed the band performing "The World or Nothing" at Hit the Deck Festival.
The band received several high profile radio plays in the lead up to the album release whilst the band also aired several previews through social media such as Facebook and Twitter. The song "Boston Square" was premiered by Radio One DJ Zane Lowe as his Hottest Record in the World on 14 May 2013. This release which was accompanied with an interview with James Veck-Gilodi. The band coincidentally announced their first partnership with YouTube music video service Vevo, and released the corresponding video for "Boston Square". The band followed up the positive feedback by releasing the track "Speeding Cars" on 18 July 2013, and track which also received positive feedback. On 1 August 2013, the band released another track, entitled "Kings Road Ghosts", despite the band acknowledging "they might get into trouble" for releasing the track early. On 8 August 2013, the band were again invited Zane Lowe's Radio 1 show to premiere their new single "Mildred (Lost a Friend)" as the Hottest Record in the World. Matt Veck-Gilodi supplied the interview on the behalf of the band and was interviewed by Radio 1 DJ Huw Stephens, who was deputising for Zane Lowe.
Throughout this period, the band continued to perform live and were reward for recent success with place supporting Bruce Springsteen at the annual Hard Rock Calling Festival and Muse on the German part of their tour. They were also invited to play on the NME/BBC Radio 1 Stage at the 2013 Reading and Leeds Festivals. On an individual level, the band announced their biggest ever headline tour to take place at eight locations across the UK in October 2013 finishing at The Roundhouse in London. It was announced that, on their UK tour, the band will be supported by singer/songwriter Charlie Simpson and Big Sixes, who supported them on their An Evening with Deaf Havana - Unplugged tour. "Old Souls" was released in the United States on 21 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21409647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409647" title="Eaton BladeUPS">
Eaton BladeUPS

The Eaton BladeUPS is a modular three-phase UPS system consisting of individual 6U 12 kW UPS units which can be paralleled together to create up to a 60 kW N+1 redundant UPS. A feature of the BladeUPS is that the 6U cabinet houses both the UPS electronics and batteries; other modular systems house them separately. The high power density and 6U form factor of the BladeUPS are targeted at the growing power demands of IT servers and equipment, especially blade servers.
The BladeUPS does not fall into a defined category for UPS type as it is a hybrid of a line interactive and online architecture, which Eaton calls Double Conversion on Demand. During normal operation the BladeUPS operates as a line interactive UPS allowing it to be energy efficient. When power conditions fluctuate outside preset standards, the unit switches into online mode (also known as double conversion). Software upgrades by Eaton have allowed BladeUPS owners to defeat this hybrid architecture and force the unit to operate entirely in online (double conversion) mode.
Software.
BladeUPS ships with Eaton’s LanSafe software which allows for UPS monitoring and commands. The BladeUPS is compatible with Eaton’s Power Xpert and FORESEER software which provide additional monitoring and functionality.
Battery runtime.
Up to four extended battery modules can be connected to each BladeUPS providing additional runtime.
Awards.
BladeUPS was named a 2007 searchdatacenter.com Gold Product of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="21409648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409648" title="Edict of Coucy">
Edict of Coucy

King Francis I of France issued the Edict of Coucy on July 16, 1535, ending the persecution of Protestants that followed Nicolas Cop's speech on November 1, 1533 calling for reform in the Catholic Church, and the provocative placards that were posted almost a year later in Paris and elsewhere, attacking the Mass as a blasphemy. Backed by the king, some dissenters were jailed, twenty-four were executed, and over seventy fled, including Cop and his friend John Calvin. 
The Edict of Coucy freed all of the jailed, and offered amnesty to the exiles. The "Sacramentarians", who held to Zwingli's view of the Eucharist (which had appeared on the placards), were included only if they would repudiate their anti-Romanist views. Francis sought by the edict to assuage the anger of some German Protestant princes with whom he was attempting to form an alliance, which ultimately failed. Even so, he extended pardon to the Sacramentarians in 1536.

</doc>
<doc id="21409657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409657" title="Kevin Hansen (footballer)">
Kevin Hansen (footballer)

Kevin Hansen (born 13 August 1979 in Hamburg) is a German footballer playing for amateur team Hamm United FC.
Career.
He spent four seasons in the Bundesliga with F.C. Hansa Rostock and a half with FC Erzgebirge Aue in the 2. Bundesliga.
Background.
In April 2010, he was taken into custody by German police for his involvement in cocaine smuggling from Paraguay to Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21409662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409662" title="Camden International Film Festival">
Camden International Film Festival

The Camden International Film Festival is an annual documentary film festival based in Camden, Rockport and Rockland Maine, in the United States that takes place on the last weekend in September. Created in 2005 by Benjamin Fowlie, the festival highlights craft and innovation within nonfiction storytelling. In addition, CIFF hosts the annual Points North Documentary Forum, a two day conference that provides documentary filmmakers with unique, accessible opportunities for professional development and creative inspiration. Past participants include representatives from HBO, A&E, the BBC, the New York Times, Discovery, ZDF-Arte, Kickstarter, Vimeo, the Tribeca Institute, the Sundance Institute, Harvard's Berkman Center and MIT's Open Doc Lab.
The festival screens approximately 80 documentary features and shorts annually. Screenings are followed by Q&A sessions with directors and industry professionals. Festivities over the weekend also include a course through the University of Maine, panels, workshops, photographic exhibits, musical concerts and parties.

</doc>
<doc id="21409674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409674" title="Virtua Tennis 2009">
Virtua Tennis 2009

Virtua Tennis 2009 (Power Smash: Live Match! in Japan) is a 2009 video game developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sega. It is part of the "Virtua Tennis" series, following "Virtua Tennis 3."
Overview.
"Virtua Tennis 2009" includes World Tour Mode and includes a fully integrated online ranking system. All new create-a-player options give the gamer the ability to create anyone. The game features more than 40 different courts to play on, including locations such as Dubai and Shanghai, etc.
Mini-games are back in this iteration, with 12 court games, including new entries: Pot Shot, Pirate Wars, Block Buster, Count Mania, Zoo Feeder, and Shopping Dash.
The Wii version of "Virtua Tennis 2009" supports the Wii MotionPlus feature.
Features.
"Virtua Tennis 2009" enhanced all of the features from VT3 although some are mostly kept the same:
Players.
Virtua Tennis 2009 brought new players to use and play (With 11 male players, 9 female players, and 3 male legends to choose from.)
Men/ATP Players:
Female/WTA Players:
Legends:
Bosses:
Courts.
Grand Slams
Pro Tour Venues
Amateur Tour Venues
Reception.
The game received a somewhat mixed reception, with an average Metacritic score of 75% on next-gen consoles, and 70% on the PC. Play UK called it "the best in the series so far", but also admitted that "the action may feel far too familiar to owners of Virtua Tennis 3". IT Reviews said it was "a terrific tennis game yet, conversely, an unnecessary one", also concluding that "it adds too little to Virtua Tennis 3". Eurogamer pointed out that the online multiplayer had been improved, but otherwise complained about a "general lack of ambition".
There were concerns that the competition was too easy, taking as much as 10 hours of gameplay before facing a competent opponent. Even the online action often suffered from lag and jitteriness and players "teleporting" to instantly jump across the screen.

</doc>
<doc id="21409696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409696" title="Mika K.">
Mika K.

Mirjana Kostić (Serbian: Мирјана Костић; born 6 August 1983), professionally known as Mika K., is a Serbian singer and musician, who came to media attention as a contestant of talents show "Operacija trijumf".
Personal life.
Kostić graduated from the musical High School in Subotica and won full scholarship for Berklee College of Music in Boston twice. She has two older sisters. One of them, Gordana, is an opera singer, who currently lives and works in London.
Kostić admires Beyoncé Knowles, Alicia Keys, Anastacia, Lauryn Hill, Toše Proeski, and Dino Dvornik. She stated she was currently single. Kostić is fluent in Serbian, English, and Hungarian.
Career.
"Operacija trijumf".
Before the "Operacija trijumf", Kostić had a few television appearances on the B92. In 2008, she reached the regional fame as a student of "Operacija trijumf", Balkan version of Endemol's "Fame Academy". At the opening gala event, she performed "Molitva", the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 winning song of Marija Šerifović, with another student Milica Radošević and Šerifović herself. After series of additional competitions, broadcast on "Operacija trijumf" special show, the audience decided to give Kostić and Macedonian Kristijan Jovanov a second chance.
Kostić and Jovanov entered the academy after the fifth gala event. The sixth gala was her first performance as a student. She sang En Vogue's hit single "Free Your Mind" with Sonja Bakić. However, all students were nominated and Kostić and Jovanov, as the students least known to the audience, left the academy after the seventh gala. She performed "Kofer ljubavi" of famous Macedonian singer Kaliopi with Kaliopi herself.
When she was nominated, Kostić cried and said that she did not want to leave the academy and she and Jovanov are not responsible for the things that had happened earlier at the academy. She later said that "this is injustice", and that she feels sorry because the audience could not meet her better.
During the show, she performed the following songs:
Studio career.
After her performance with Kostić on the "Operacija trijumf", famous Macedonian singer Kaliopi stated she is preparing a song for Kostić because she is impressed by her voice. She also said that Kostić was her favourite on that show. After the show, Kostić took professional nickname "Mika K.".
Sky Wikluh, popular Serbian composer and rap musician, wrote a song for her, named "Moja noć". This song was one of the reserves for the Beovizija 2009, if someone of twenty contestants decided not to take part in. Kostić also sang as backing vocal for Regina's song "Bistra voda", which represented Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. On 1 July 2009 Kostić performed "Bože pravde", the anthem of Serbia, alongside two more singers at the opening ceremony of 2009 Summer Universiade, which was held in Belgrade. She also performed "Bože pravde" at the closing ceremony of the 2009 Summer Universiade, and at the public reception of Serbian champions from the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. In August 2009, Kostić performed as a revival artist at the music festival in Ohrid, performing "Moja noć" and her new single "Daj mi sve", which features Sky Wikluh as a supporting artist.
Kostić is currently working on her debut album, which will be produced by Sky Wikluh, and will include collaborations with several eminent musicians worldwide, such as Greek pop star Anna Vissi. She announced recording songs in Serbian, English and even Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="21409712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409712" title="Monterey, Louisiana">
Monterey, Louisiana

Monterey is an unincorporated community in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States. The community is located near the junction of Louisiana Highways 129 and 565 in west central Concordia Parish, southwest of Ferriday. It is also part of the Natchez, MS–LA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Although it is unincorporated, Monterey has a post office, with the ZIP code of 71354. Public education in the community is provided by Concordia Parish Schools

</doc>
<doc id="21409715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409715" title="Rezerwat">
Rezerwat

Rezerwat is a 2008 award-winning Polish film. It is director Łukasz Palkowski's first film.
Plot.
The story is set in a poor neighborhood in Warsaw and concerns a pickpocket and a photographer. A more substantial plot summary is available in the Polish Wikipedia and needs to be translated to English to include here.
Reception.
"Rezerwat" does not yet have a rating from Rotten Tomatoes.
In the United States, the film is only available in a region-free DVD with English subtitles.
Awards.
At the Polish Film Festival, the director, editor, and supporting actress (Sonia Bohosiewicz) all won in their respective categories; additionally, Palkowski won the Critics' Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21409717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409717" title="Abelian sandpile model">
Abelian sandpile model

The Abelian sandpile model, also known as the Bak–Tang–Wiesenfeld model, was the first discovered example of a dynamical system displaying self-organized criticality. It was introduced by Per Bak, Chao Tang and Kurt Wiesenfeld in a 1987 paper.
The model is a cellular automaton. In its original formulation, each site on a finite grid has an associated value that corresponds to the slope of the pile. This slope builds up as grains of sand are randomly placed onto the pile, until the slope exceeds a specific threshold value at which time that site collapses transferring sand into the adjacent sites, increasing their slope. Bak, Tang, and Wiesenfeld considered process of successive random placement of sand grains on the grid; each such placement of sand at a particular site may have no effect, or it may cause a cascading reaction that will affect many sites. These "avalanches" are an example of the Eden growth model.
The model has since been studied on the infinite lattice, on other (non-square) lattices, and on arbitrary graphs.
Definition.
The iteration rules for the model on the square lattice can be defined as follows:
Begin with some nonnegative configuration formula_1 which is finite, in the sense that
Any site with
is "unstable" and can "topple", sending one of its chips to each of its 4 neighbors:
The process is guaranteed to terminate given that the initial configuration was finite. Moreover, although there will often be many possible choices for the order in which to topple vertices, the final configuration does not depend on the chosen order; this is one sense in which the sandpile is "Abelian". The number of times each vertex topples in this process is also independent of the choice of toppling order.
On an arbitrary graph with a sink, the rules are that any non-sink vertex formula_7 with 
is unstable; toppling again sends one of its chips to each of its neighbors:
and, for each formula_10:
Self-organized criticality.
The original interest behind the model stemmed from the fact that it is attracted to its critical state, at which point the correlation length of the system and the correlation time of the system go to infinity, without any fine tuning of a system parameter. This contrasts with earlier examples of critical phenomena, such as the phase transitions between solid and liquid, or liquid and gas, where the critical point can only be reached by precise tuning (e.g., of temperature). Hence, in the sandpile model we can say that the criticality is self-organized.
Once the sandpile model reaches its critical state there is no correlation between the system's response to a perturbation and the details of a perturbation. Generally this means that dropping another grain of sand onto the pile may cause nothing to happen, or it may cause the entire pile to collapse in a massive slide. The model also displays 1/"ƒ" noise, a feature common to many complex systems in nature.
This model only displays critical behaviour in two or more dimensions. The sandpile model can be expressed in 1D; however, instead of evolving to its critical state, the 1D sandpile model instead reaches a minimally stable state where every lattice site goes toward the critical slope.
For 2 dimensions, the associated conformal field theory is suggested to be symplectic fermions with central charge c=-2.
Cultural references.
The Bak–Tang–Wiesenfeld sandpile was mentioned on the Numb3rs episode "Rampage," as mathematician Charlie Eppes explains to his colleagues a solution to a criminal investigation.
The computer game Hexplode is based around the Abelian sandpile model on a finite hexagonal grid where instead of random grain placement, grains are placed by players.

</doc>
<doc id="21409723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409723" title="George Eakins Browne">
George Eakins Browne

George Eakins Browne (1837-20 February 1923) was an Irish politician.
He was born in 1837 to John Joseph Browne and Maria Eakins, of Brownstown, Ballinrobe, County Mayo. The family estate amounted to some 2,809 acres during Griffith's Valuation in the 1840s. 
He was elected in 1870 as a Member of Parliament for Mayo, and was re-elected at the 1874 general election. The election was declared void on 7 May 1874, but Browne was re-elected at the resulting by-election, and held the seat until the 1880 general election, when he was defeated by Charles Stewart Parnell.
During the Parnell Commission, he was referred to as "one of the three good landlords in Ireland".
He later moved to County Dublin and was, for a time, a member of Killiney Urban District Council. On his death, he lived at 14 Shanganagh Terrace, Killiney.
The Irish Times wrote that he was the last of the generation of Issac Butt's Home Rule Party: "At the time of his death, he was the last survivor of that group of public men, which included William Archer Redmond, father of the late John Redmond, and Joseph Biggar." 
Browne was married three times: In 1858, he married Julia Blake (d. 1876), daughter of Maurice Blake of Ballinafad, Drum, County Mayo. After her death, he married, in 1879, Julia Mary Lynch, daughter of James Lynch, and in 1883, Honoria Ellen Murphy, daughter of Francis Murphy JP of Kilcairne, Killucan, County Meath. 
He had four daughters and a son, Major Llewellyn Montague Browne of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers. 

</doc>
<doc id="21409728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409728" title="SAP Business ByDesign">
SAP Business ByDesign

SAP Business ByDesign is a fully integrated on-demand enterprise resource planning and business management software product designed for small and medium sized enterprises, developed by SAP AG. It is delivered online as a software as a service offering. SAP Business ByDesign is available around the world supporting multiple languages, currencies and accounting conventions. It is managed, monitored and maintained by SAP through continuous release cycles. The system is running in over 35 countries for organizations scaling to over 8,000 users.
Software as a service (SaaS).
SAP Business ByDesign is a software as a service offering from SAP. The solution can be run on a PC with an Internet connection and a web browser, while the software and data are stored on the host servers. Business applications are delivered as an on-demand service via a secure Internet connection and a standard Web browser. Like most SaaS solutions, SAP Business ByDesign has a pay-per-use fee instead of an up-front investment..
Solution overview.
The SAP Business ByDesign solution is designed to track end-to-end business processes across the following scenarios (referred to by SAP as "modules"):
History.
SAP announced SAP Business ByDesign on 19 September 2007 during an event in New York. The solution was known under the code name "A1S" before. In 2003, exactly 10 years after SAP R/3 was first introduced, SAP decided to go for new architecture, which was called "Ether" and then later "Enterprise SOA." SAP spent four years in R&D developing Business ByDesign as a new foundation for SAP's ERP software.
SAP announced it will accelerate the platform migration of SAP Business ByDesign to HANA, the product is currently available to run on the HANA database, the platform migration will extend to adopt the full power of the HANA extensibility and application control platform. Recent executive and analyst interviews and article attest to the strategic importance of SAP Business ByDesign as a part of the SAP Cloud portfolio and the HANA platform. Jim Hagemann Snabe, SAP Co-CEO, CNBC Squawkbox Europe, 10/21/2013 http://www.sap-tv.com/video/13517/strong-q3-transformation-to-cloud#.UmqLi6fKBTw.mailto ; Vishal Sikka, SAP Executive Board Member, Computerworld 10/22/2013 ; http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9243437/ Saugatuck Blog Postings: http://blog.saugatucktechnology.com/sap-bydesign-still-ticking-come/#comment-35 

</doc>
<doc id="21409729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409729" title="Thomas J. H. Trapnell">
Thomas J. H. Trapnell

Thomas John Hall "Trap" Trapnell (November 23, 1902 - February 13, 2002) was a United States Army 
general. Trapnell survived the Bataan Death March and the sinking of two transportation ships during 
World War II, put down a rebellion of POWs in the Korean War, was the top US advisor to the 
French during the French Indochina War, and advised against US involvement in Vietnam. He 
rose to the rank of Lt. General before retirement and, at the time of his 
death, was the oldest living member of the Philippine Scouts. 
Early life.
Thomas Trapnell was born in Yonkers, New York to Joseph Trapnell and Laura Kennedy. The Trapnells are a 
prosperous and distinguished family originally from the Chesapeake area whose roots stretch 
back to early Colonial America. One brother, Walter Scott Kennedy Trapnell, rose to the rank of 
Commander in the U. S. Navy during World War II, while another brother, William Holmes 
Trapnell, was a prominent attorney. A cousin, Frederick M. Trapnell, was a famous naval test pilot who 
retired from the Navy as a Vice Admiral. Several other cousins also served as 
commissioned officers in the Armed Forces.
After graduating from Episcopal High School in Alexandria, 
Virginia in 1923, Trapnell attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, NY. Known 
as the "warhorse of the West Point backfield," he was an All-America halfback in football- where he teamed with future Hall of Famer Chris Cagle. In 1926, in one of West Point's best years, Trapnell participated in a memorable game against Navy that 
tied at 21-21. The match was played at Soldier Field in Chicago- the only time either team has played that venue. Army suffered only one loss that entire season (to Notre Dame).
Trapnell was also a top rated lacrosse player who rose to the captaincy of the Army team. His first brush with public notoriety came when his crew defeated the highly-rated team from Hobart College captained by his younger brother, William. The characteristically athletic and competitive Trapnells did their best to outshine each other as evidenced by one report:
Trapnell graduated in 1927 and was commissioned as a platoon leader in the 11th Cavalry Regiment. During this time, he served under two future generals, Jonathan Wainwright and George Patton. In 1937, he was promoted to 
captain; two years later he was assigned to the Philippine Scouts.
While in the Philippines, Trapnell was instrumental in recruiting Sofia Adamson, future founder of the 
Pacific Asia Museum in Los Angeles and co-founder of Adamson University in Manila, to the staff 
of Gen. Douglas MacArthur. He also became a star polo player. Trapnell was promoted to 
major and was made XO of the 26th Cavalry Regiment.
Service during World War II.
In 1941, the Japanese invaded the Philippines, routing combined 
U.S.-Filipino defensive forces. During their withdrawal into the Bataan Peninsula in December, Trapnell, 
commanding a unit of the 26th, fought a desperate rear-guard action that included the last tactical cavalry charge of the U.S. Army. Using a medical truck to block one of the bridges 
used by retreating Fil-Am force and setting it afire, Trapnell then remained at this position under constant fire 
until it was rendered unpassable. Although
he had a command car with which to beat a hasty retreat, he instead withdrew slowly with a picked force retrieving wounded soldiers along the way. For this engagement he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and commended by Gen. MacArthur:
Taken prisoner in April 1942 along with remaining U.S. forces, Trapnell endured months of horrific conditions 
at Camps O'Donnell and Cabanatuan. While interned, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel. In December, 1944, he was transported, along with 
1,620 other prisoners, on the notorious POW hell ship, "Oryoku Maru". U.S. dive-bombers, 
unaware of the ship's status, attacked and sunk the vessel. Trapnell survived only to fall victim to a repeated 
attack the following year. This time, United States Navy aircraft attacked and disabled the "Enoura Maru". He and 
the approximate 950 survivors of the two sinkings were placed aboard the "Brazil Maru" but only 550 survived the 
journey to Japan. In August 1945, Trapnell was liberated from Hoten POW camp in Manchuria by 
Russian troops. At the time, his once athletic, six-foot frame had been reduced to less than 100 pounds.
Upon his return to the United States, Trapnell attended the Command and General Staff College. Afterward, he 
completed Airborne School and assumed command of the 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 82nd Airborne Division at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. On May 8, 1948, Trapnell led the 505th as part of a 
record-setting exercise that saw 2,200 paratroopers travel some 500 miles to make a jump at Camp Campbell, 
Kentucky.
Service in Southeast Asia and beyond.
In 1951, Trapnell was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General and 
placed in command of the 187th Airborne Regimental Combat Team. In 
November of that year, the 187th made a "simulated combat drop", landing 3,000 troops and 100,000 lbs of equipment 
in South Korea during 'Operation Showoff,' a demonstration of wartime airlift capability. From May to June, 1952, the 187th under Trapnell 
was instrumental in suppressing the rebellion of 80,000 Chinese and North Korean prisoners at the Koje-do 
Island POW camp. Some 40 prisoners were killed during the uprising which had been fomented by communist leaders 
attempting to disrupt truce negotiations.
From 1952 to 1954, Maj. Gen. Trapnell headed the U.S. advisory mission in French Indochina, leaving just before Ho Chi Minh's victory at Dien Bien Phu. While 
serving as the chief advisor, he issued a series of reports to his superiors in which he predicted that the French 
would not be able to defeat the communist insurgency. Trapnell was replaced by Maj. Gen. John W. O'Daniel and
returned to the United States for a succession of commands: the recently reactivated 4th Armored Division at Ft. Hood, Texas from 1954 to 1955 and the 82nd Airborne 
Division from 1955-1956.
Trapnell returned to South Korea in 1958 commanding I Corps for two years before 
becoming the Chief of Staff to Gen. Isaac White, Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Army Pacific. In 1960, after briefly commanding Third U.S. Army at Ft. McPherson, Georgia, he took command of both the XVIII Airborne Corps and the Strategic Army Corps at 
Ft. Bragg. 
While there, Trapnell presided over the dedication of the Airborne Trooper statue in September 1961. He also strongly advocated for the joint forces reaction force that became Strike Command.
In 1961, LT General Trapnell was in South Vietnam where he advised President John F. Kennedy against U.S. involvement. Presciently gauging the eventual swing of U.S. public opinion 
and weighing the organizational success and popularity of Minh, Trapnell concluded that the Vietnamese communists 
were waging a "clever war of attrition." While he supported holding the line against 
communist expansion in Asia, he nevertheless believed that a "military solution in Indochina not possible."
Trapnell's final command came in 1961. In that year, SAC and Tactical Air Command were unified as Strike 
Command; Trapnell once again assumed command of Third Army. He retired in 1962 and was nominated to hold the rank of general in retirement.
Trapnell later served as an advisory board member of the Center for Internee Rights in Florida advocating 
for just treatment of US POW's and fair compensation from holding nations.
Family.
Trapnell was married to his first wife, Alys Snow, from 1929 until her death in 1953. Alys had relocated 
to the Philippines with her husband when he was posted there but returned to the United States "when the Army 
wives were evacuated" in May, 1942. His second marriage, to Elizabeth Elder, lasted from 1956 to her death in 2001. He had no children.
Like many other males in his family, Trapnell was known as "Trap" from his last name. As such, Trapnell became 
the first person whose nickname appeared in an official War Department record 
(Communiqué 69):
An article in the "New York Times" implied that this may have been to engender feelings of comradery among U. S. 
servicemen.
Trapnell died of heart failure at the Fairfax retirement facility at Ft. Belvoir, Virginia.
Awards.
Among Gen. Trapnell's decorations are the following:
He has also been awarded the following non-US decorations:

</doc>
<doc id="21409741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409741" title="Mike Walker (singer)">
Mike Walker (singer)

Mike Walker is an American country music artist. Signed to DreamWorks Nashville in 2001, he released his self-titled debut album that year. This album produced his only chart single in "Honey Do", which peaked at number 42 on the "Billboard" country charts. He also toured with Brooks & Dunn after the release of his album, although its second through fifth singles all failed to chart. Included on the album were covers of Rodney Crowell's 1990 single "What Kind of Love", Billy "Crash" Craddock's 1974 single "Rub It In", and T. Graham Brown's 1999 single "Memphis Women and Chicken". Gary Allan also recorded the song "See If I Care" on his album of the same name, and "Honey Do" was originally recorded by Keith Harling on his 1999 album "Bring It On".
In the late 2000s, Walker began performing in Branson, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="21409752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409752" title="Marcel Schied">
Marcel Schied

Marcel Schied (born 28 July 1983 in Weißenfels) is a German footballer who plays for Holstein Kiel.
Career.
He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with Hansa Rostock and returned to the club on 1 July 2009. He signed a contract on 20 April 2009 that runs until 30 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21409764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409764" title="1982 Paris Open – Singles">
1982 Paris Open – Singles

Mark Vines was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Bill Scanlon.
Wojciech Fibak won in the final 6–2, 6–2, 6–2 against Scanlon.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21409772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409772" title="Kurogane">
Kurogane

Kurogane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21409779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409779" title="2005 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race">
2005 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race

The women's road race of the 2005 UCI Road World Championships cycling event took place on 24 September in Madrid, Spain. The race was 127.8 km long and was won by the German rider Regina Schleicher in a bunch sprint.
Final classification.
Did not finish.
25 riders failed to finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21409788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409788" title="Eric Peters">
Eric Peters

Eric Peters (born 28 January 1969) was an amateur and professional rugby union player, usually playing at No8, who rose to captain the Scotland national rugby union team.
Early life.
Born in Scotland Peters attended Brentwood School, and Cambridge University, where he became captain of rugby. He played rugby for England at both Under 21 and Student level, before choosing to play for Scotland at senior level.
Rugby career.
He joined Bath Rugby club in September 1993, when rugby union was still an amateur game, so he also qualified as a Chartered Surveyor and worked for a property consultant. He first played for Scotland against Canada, in January 1995, and became a professional player when the code was changed in 1996. He was first appointed Scottish captain for the 1999 match against Italy, but sustained a shattered kneecap in April 1999, and was out of the game for over a year. In March 2000, whilst still undergoing rehabilitation and surgery on his knee, it was discovered that he had testicular cancer, which was successfully treated with chemotherapy.
Peters scored a particularly memorable try in 1995 vs Wales at Murrayfield. Doddie Weir collected a loose kick deep inside the Scottish half, he set off like, in the words of the late Bill McLaren, "a mad giraffe". When the Weirs's path was eventually blocked, he fed Kenny Logan whose mazy run made the try. Logan weaved his way past numerous Welsh defenders deep into the oppositions territory before one of them finally slowed his run. Peters loomed large on his shoulder and took the pass to then score to the delight of the home crowd to finish Murrayfield's more memorable tries.
Whilst still injured, he left Bath and joined Harlequins, who he first played for in December 2000. Leaving Harlequins in 2001, he briefly joined Fylde and Rotherham before joining Connacht in 2002. He also briefly returned to the Scotland team in 2002.
Peters usually played in the Number 8 position, is 1.96m tall and had a playing weight of 105 kg
Later career.
Retiring from professional rugby in 2003, Peters became a Chartered Surveyor and Senior Associate at property consultants King Sturge, for whom he still plays rugby sevens, helping them win the RICS tournament 3 years in a row. He also commentates on rugby for BBC Radio 5 Live and is a celebrity supporter of the Orchid cancer charity.

</doc>
<doc id="21409789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409789" title="BBC Darwin Season">
BBC Darwin Season

The BBC Darwin Season is a series of television and radio programmes commissioned by the BBC to celebrate the bicentenary of the great naturalist Charles Darwin (1809-1882) and the 150th anniversary of the publication of his revolutionary book, On the Origin of Species in November, 1859. In partnership with the Open University, the BBC produced a special documentary, Charles Darwin and the Tree of Life, narrated by David Attenborough, and three major series. Other presenters involved are Andrew Marr, Melvyn Bragg and Jimmy Doherty. The overall commissioning editor for the season is Martin Davidson, the BBC's commissioning editor for specialist factual (in-house). Contributing units of the BBC are BBC Science, the Natural History Unit, the Religion and Ethics department and the children's channel, CBBC.
Highlights.
Radio.
Events in the Darwin season are broadcast on the broadcaster's flagship voice programming channel, Radio 4 and its arts and culture channel, Radio 3.
Darwin is also the subject of special editions of the programmes "Night Waves" and "Words and Music".

</doc>
<doc id="21409790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409790" title="Ray Baverstock">
Ray Baverstock

Ray Baverstock (born 3 December 1963) is a former professional football midfielder.
Baverstock began his career as an apprentice with Swindon Town, turning professional in December 1981. He made his debut on 4 September 1982 as Swindon lost 2-1 away to Blackpool. He played seventeen times that season, but was released in May 1983 and joined Cheltenham Town.
He played over 250 games for Cheltenham and had spells with Gloucester City and Worcester City before joining Bath City in July 1992. He played the first two games of the following season, but left in August 1992 to join Moreton Town after disagreements over his wages with Bath
He went on to play for Gloucester City, Trowbridge Town, Forest Green Rovers and Cirencester Town, before becoming manager of Cirencester Town and then Devizes Town from August 2002. He left Devizes to take over as manager of Swindon Supermarine in November 2002, and guided them to safety from relegation at the end of the season, albeit on the final day. He resigned as manager in October 2003 due his increased business commitments, but was reappointed just twelve days later. He resigned again in January 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21409824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409824" title="Ground Sampling Distance">
Ground Sampling Distance

Ground Sampling Distance (GSD) is the physical measure of the level of detail of data collection for remote digital imaging of the surfaces of terrestrial objects of the Solar System, including the Earth.
The Ground Sampling Distance is the measure of the distance between two adjacent samples in an image. In some cases it is confused with resolution, a related measure. The GSD may vary dependent on the direction of sampling of the optical instrument, and the instrument geometry.
Some resolutions include:

</doc>
<doc id="21409827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409827" title="Kila Airfield">
Kila Airfield

Kila Airfield (also known as Kila Kila Airfield and 3-Mile Drome) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located north of Joyce Bay, three miles from the town of Port Moresby near the village of Kila Kila.
The airfield was Port Moresby's first civilian airfield, built in 1933 by the Australian administration.
History.
The airport was used by the Americans beginning in 1942 and expanded into an airfield for fighters, light bombers and service aircraft. Many USAAF squadrons were briefly stationed at the airfield during the war, and major units assigned to Kila were:
A large hill at on the approach to the field limited its usefulness. The runway was 5,000' x 100' surfaced with black loam with marston matting (as of October 8, 1943). A dispersal area with revetments and taxiways were located on the northern side of the runway. Several buildings were located at the center of the runway.
After the war the airfield was returned to the New Guinea government. Today the airfield is now part of the Kila Police Barracks, a golf course and a technical school. Some of the wartime revetments remain on the police property and portions of the wartime taxiways and runway are visible.

</doc>
<doc id="21409837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409837" title="Arnstein Abbey">
Arnstein Abbey

Arnstein Abbey (German: "Kloster Arnstein") is a former Premonstratensian abbey on the Lahn River, south of present-day Obernhof near Nassau, Germany. It is now a monastery of the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary (SS.CC.), known in Germany as the "Arnsteiner Fathers" ("Arnsteiner Patres"), who maintain a youth retreat center there.
History.
The history of the monastery dates back to the second half of the 11th century. In 1052, an Arnstein Castle on the Lahn is first mentioned as the seat of the Counts of Arnstein. This is the oldest mention of any castle on the river. Nothing remains of the structures of that period.
In 1139 Louis ("Ludwig") III, the last Count of Arnstein, transformed his castle into a Premonstratensian monastery and himself joined the order. His wife lived until her death as hermit near the monastery. In the same year, Lugwig began the partial demolition of the castle. In 1145, King Conrad III confirmed the abbey as directly under the Empire. From 1236, a branch monastery, Keppel Abbey at Hilchenbach, was established under the patronage of the House of Nassau.
Burials in the monastery include Count Walram I of Nassau in 1198. Walram's grandson Henry ("Heinrich") (son of Count Henry II of Nassau) became a monk in Arnstein Abbey in 1247.
In 1360, the monastery church was completed. The structure includes individual components which have been dated to the 12th century.
With the conversion of the Princes of Nassau to Protestantism in the 16th century, the Archbishopric of Trier assumed the patronage of the Abbey. 
In 1803, the monastery was dissolved during secularization and came into the possession of the Principality of Nassau-Weilburg. 
In 1919 the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary established Arnstein as their first monastery in Germany. The Superior and Vice-Provincial of the monastery, Pater Alfons Spix, died in 1942 in the Dachau concentration camp, because he let the Polish forced laborers participate in worship and gave them breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="21409849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409849" title="List of Antarctic ice streams">
List of Antarctic ice streams

This is a list of Antarctic ice streams.
A complete list of Antarctic ice streams is not available. Names and locations of Antarctic ice features, including those listed below, can be found in the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research, Gazetteer. Major Antarctic ice drainage systems are given by Rignot and Thomas (2002). These include the ice streams with the greatest flow, which are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="21409873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409873" title="James Shortt">
James Shortt

James Gerard Richard Shortt, also known as Jim Shortt, Jimbo, Seamus Shortt, Colonel The Chevalier James Shortt, James Shortt of Castleshort, or The Baron Castleshort (born Croydon, 16 September 1953), is an English born Director General of the International Bodyguard Association (IBA). In 2009 Shortt was exposed by a British tabloid newspaper as passing himself off as a much-decorated SAS and Parachute Regiment veteran.
Life.
James Shortt was born on 16 September 1953 in England, to Peter Henry and Maura Shortt. From an early age he studied martial arts and opened his first dojo at age 14. In 1970, his family moved and for a time lived in Ireland. Shortt studied in the Catholic priesthood for 5 years and entered the Capuchin Franciscan Order. In 1976, he left the order and married Georgina Barrett, with whom he had 3 children.
In 1990, Shortt became the Director General of the International Bodyguard Association, following the death of its founder Lucien Ott. Under Shortt's leadership, the IBA headquartered at "Castle Cosey, Castlebellingham" in County Louth, Ireland. In March 2009, Irish media uncovered the fact that Shortt's baronial "castle" was in fact only a modest house built within the village of Castlebellingham.
Shortt ran a Jufitsi Club in south Croydon.
According to his website, Shortt and his wife style themselves "Baron and Baroness Castleshort", members of the Niadh Nask, a self-styled nobiliary association devised by Terence Francis MacCarthy, the bogus Irish chieftain. Shortt's association with MacCarthy led him to send threats to critics of MacCarthy in 1999 when MacCarthy had been outed by the press as a fraud. In one such threat Shortt styled himself as "Colonel Commandant" of "The Royal Eóghanacht Galloglas Guard" which he stated was the "duly sworn bodyguard of Terence Francis MacCarthy". In the letter, he warned those who criticised MacCarthy that they had been placed under surveillance. Following the MacCarthy Mór scandal which led MacCarthy to flee Ireland after public humiliation, Shortt became a member of the "Nia Naisc"—a Scottish re-creation of the fake Irish order created by MacCarthy in the 1980s. In his biography which appears on several International Bodyguard Association websites, Shortt claims to be a member of the "Irish Papal Awards Association" and the "UK Association of Papal Knights" for having been made a Knight Commander of St Gregory by Pope John Paul II "in recognition for his work in towards moving the Cold War to an end".
Shortt has authored several books dealing with military special forces units—particularly the British SAS. He has also made appearances in several books and magazine articles. In "The Gun Digest Book of Assault Weapons" Short is described as a "British Royal Marine (TA)" and that "Shortt has other military training as well, but details of it are still classified". In Terry Whites's "The SAS Fighting Techniques Handbook", Shortt is thanked by the author for his insights in close personal protection and counter-terrorism. The author also states in his acknowledgements that Shortt is a "former member of the British Parachute Regiment and Special Air Service". The Finnish martial arts magazine "BudoExpress" carried an interview with Shortt in which he alludes to service in Northern Ireland and the Falklands war.
In 2009, the British satirical magazine "Private Eye" reported in its Squarebasher column that in February 2008, Brian Ware, who headed the departmental security department at the Cabinet Office, announced that Shortt had been appointed as "Security Assessor to provide an independent overview... of the guarding function, its capabilities and performances at the Cabinet Office, 70 Whitehall, following the privatisation of the in-house guard service and their outsourcing". "Private Eye" published parts of Shortt's CV in which he claimed to have been awarded 15 "honours", two Papal knighthoods, and "Military Parachute & Special Forces Awards" from 12 countries. "Private Eye" continued to quote Shortt's CV, which claimed that he had served in the 10th Battalion, The Parachute Regiment, and B and HQ Squadron 21st Special Air Service Regiment. Another one of Shortt's claims quoted was that he was "the first outsider to train KGB (Crimea 1991)".
On 29 January 2009, the British tabloid newspaper "The Sun" ran an article, based heavily on the "Private Eye" piece which stated Brian Ware had been suspended for allowing a man on to Cabinet Office property without ensuring he had proper authorisation. The article also stated that Shortt had never belonged to either the Special Air Service (SAS) or the Parachute Regiment. According to "The Sun", Shortt had only been a medic in the Territorial Army and had left within months of joining. The following day "The Sun" quoted several claims listed on Shortt's CV including his claim of being a "Gant d’Or" ("golden gloves") in French Savate and a 9th Dan black belt in traditional Japanese Ju Jutsu from the "Dai Nihon Seibukan in Kyoto, Japan".
In the 13 March 2009 issue of the Irish magazine "The Phoenix", it was reported that Shortt was preparing to take legal action against ARRSE (The Army Rumour Service)—a website largely made up of serving and retired members of the British Armed Forces. Members of the website had previously been looking into Shortt's military credentials and claims of participation in various counter-terrorist operations. According to "The Phoenix", Shortt has informed IBA members that he is being besieged by a hate campaign orchestrated by jealous business rivals and disillusioned former students. In consequence, Shortt has informed colleagues that his lead solicitor has several court cases in preparation. In July 2009, "The Dundalk Leader" reported that Shortt had contacted Dermot Ahern, the Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform, concerning what he called "cyber stalking". The Irish newspaper reported that the man whom Shortt claimed as a stalker had also been in contact with Ahern's office over concerns of alleged paramilitary training conducted by Shortt during his bodyguard classes conducted at Castlebellingham. Also in July, "The Phoenix" reported that IBA videos recorded at Castlebellingham, viewable on YouTube, show Shortt demonstrating the use of an assortment of firearms, including a Kalashnikov assault-rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="21409885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409885" title="1983–84 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1983–84 Toronto Maple Leafs season

Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1983-84 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21409899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409899" title="Abeïbara">
Abeïbara

Abeïbara is a small Saharan village and rural commune in the Abeïbara Cercle of the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 8,320 square kilometers and contains 11 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,585.

</doc>
<doc id="21409901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409901" title="Berry Airfield">
Berry Airfield

Berry Airfield (also known as 12-Mile Drome) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located inland from Port Moresby.
Also known as "12 Mile Drome" or "Bomana Drome", the airfield was named "Berry Airfield" in honor of P-39D 41-7165 pilot Major Jack W. Berry on November 10, 1942.
History.
Berry Airfield was completed May 15, 1943, however there was little or no room for expansion without an extensive earth moving project being put into action. The runway had an base of crushed rock and pit gravel approximately 4,500' by 150'. It also had 40 dispersal bays, and 4 alert areas that would accommodate 15 fighter aircraft.
Berry hosted many units during its operational use, however the only long-term unit assigned was the 8th Fighter Squadron (49th Fighter Group) which flew P-39 Aircobras from July 20, 1942 - November 8, 1942.
Today, the road from Port Moresby runs overtop the old main runway. The Bomana Police Training College is located at the site of the former strip, and the Bomana War Cemetery is at the far end of the strip. Some of the officer's and command tents for the airfield were located in the high ground around the former field. Some war debris are scattered around the area, including barrels, metal pieces, and other objects.

</doc>
<doc id="21409938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409938" title="Gabourey Sidibe">
Gabourey Sidibe

Gabourey Ridley Sidibe ( ; born May 6, 1983) is an American actress who made her acting debut in the 2009 film "Precious", a role that brought her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. From 2010 to 2013, she was a main cast member of the Showtime series "The Big C". She co-starred on the television series "" as .
Early life and education.
Sidibe was born in Bedford–Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York, and was raised in Harlem. Her mother, Alice Tan Ridley, is an American R&B and gospel singer who appeared on the fifth season of "America's Got Talent", on June 15, 2010. Her father, Ibnou Sidibe, is from Senegal and is a cab driver. Growing up, Sidibe briefly lived with her aunt, the noted feminist activist Dorothy Pitman Hughes. She has attended Borough of Manhattan Community College, City College of New York, and Mercy College. She worked at the Fresh Air Fund's office as a receptionist before she went on to pursue a career in acting.
Career.
In "Precious", Sidibe plays the main character, Claireece "Precious" Jones, an obese 16-year-old girl with two children (both of whom are the results of being raped by her father) trying to escape abuse at the hands of her mother. The film won numerous awards, including two Academy Awards, a Golden Globe Award and Sundance Film Festival Grand Jury Award. On December 15, 2009, she was nominated for a Golden Globe in the category of Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture Drama for her performance in "Precious". The next month she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.
Her next film, "Yelling to the Sky", was a Sundance Lab project directed by Victoria Mahoney and starring Zoe Kravitz, in which she played Latonya Williams, a bully.
In 2011, Sidibe was in the film "Tower Heist" and voiced a party girl character in "Hot Water", the season 7 premiere of "American Dad!". She also stars in the music video for "Don't Stop (Color on the Walls)" by indie pop band Foster the People. Sidibe also appeared in the Showtime network series entitled "The Big C".
During an interview, Sidibe reported that before landing her role in the 2009 film, "Precious", Joan Cusack advised her that the entertainment industry was not for her and to quit, leaning over and stating: "Oh honey, you should really quit the business. It's so image-conscious."
In April 2013, it was announced that Sidibe would be joining the cast of the of "American Horror Story", portraying , a young witch. She is poised to return to the series for its fourth season, "".

</doc>
<doc id="21409965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409965" title="Lowry Park North">
Lowry Park North

Lowry Park North is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida. As of the 2010 census the neighborhood had a population of 5,936. The ZIP Codes serving the neighborhood are 33604 and 33612. The elevation is 23 feet above sea level 
Geography.
Lowry Park North boundaries are Forest Hills to the north, Carrollwood to the west, Sulphur Springs to the east and Lowry Park to the south.
Demographics.
"Source: Hillsborough County Atlas"
As of the census of 2010, there were 5,936 people and 2,311 households residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 6,178/mi². The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 65% White, 17% African American, 1% Native American, 5% Asian, 8% from other races, and 4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 48% of the population.
There were 2,311 households out of which 31% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24% were married couples living together, 33% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10% were non-families. 28% of all households were made up of individuals. 
In the neighborhood the population was spread out with 25% under the age of 18, 26% from 18 to 34, 23% from 35 to 49, 18% from 50 to 64, and 9% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 93.7 males.
The per capita income for the neighborhood was $13,963. About 21% of the population were below the poverty line.
Education.
The schools that serve this area are as following:

</doc>
<doc id="21409966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409966" title="Schwimmer Airfield">
Schwimmer Airfield

Schwimmer Airfield (also known as 14-Mile Drome) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located north of the Laloki River.
The airfield was known as 14 mile for its distance from Port Moresby, and also known as 'Laloki' or 'Lakoki Drome' for the river to the northwest of the airstrip. It was officially renamed "Schwimmer Airfield" on November 10, 1942, in honor of Charles Schwimmer, lost in P-39D 41-6956 intercepting Japanese aircraft over Port Moresby.
History.
Schwimmer Airfield was built by the US Army in early 1942 with a single runway long and wide. Around October 1942 it was re-surfaced with Marston Matting. No revetments were built but the taxiway and parking areas were dispersed to the north of the runway in a semicircle. The crews lived in pyramid tents from the strip in scrub trees.
Many units were rotated in and out of the airfield during its use. Major units assigned were:
The airfield was closed after the war and today there is little evidence remaining of the facility. Houses have been built along much of the former runway area. The rest is overgrown and abandoned. Some wartime debris litter the area. Bomb storage bays are visible from the road.

</doc>
<doc id="21409988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409988" title="Theodor von Bechtolsheim">
Theodor von Bechtolsheim

His parents were Franz Philipp Gottfried Anton Hermann Moritz Maria Freiherr von Mauchenheim "genannt" (called) Bechtolsheim (19 February 1862 – 7 November 1902) and Sophie Freifrau, née Freiin von und zu Guttenberg (27 January 1871 – 2 January 1932). His older brother was "General der Artillerie" Anton-Reichard Hermann Friedrich Maria Freiherr von Mauchenheim "genannt" Bechtolsheim (9 July 1896 – 9 February 1961). Theodor was married to Ruth Lotze (25 May 1907 – 2 August 1993). The couple had four children, Sophie-Charlotte, Franz-Georg, Rainer and Clemens.

</doc>
<doc id="21409994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409994" title="Pakal Nakshatrangal">
Pakal Nakshatrangal

Pakal Nakshatrangal (English: "Morning Stars") is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Rajeev Nath and written by Anoop Menon who made his debut in screenplay writing through this film. The film stars Mohanlal, Suresh Gopi, Murali, Anoop Menon, Lakshmi Gopalaswamy, and Kalpana. It is about the lives of a group of intellectuals in Kerala in the later half of the 1990s. The film was critically acclaimed but was a commercial failure.
Plot.
"Pakal Nakshatrangal" tells the story of Siddharthan (Mohanlal), narrated by Siddharthan's son Adi (Anoop Menon) to his wife (Lakshmi Gopalaswamy)as the content of his new book. Siddharthan is a brilliant film maker but leads a Casanova lifestyle entwined with women, alcohol and drugs. His house 'Daffodils' is his salvation and the epicentre for art with his big bunch of friends. One day Siddarthan is found dead at Daffodils. His untimely death is considered suspicious but eludes the police due to lack of evidence. Adi decides to dig into his father's past and solve the mystery surrounding his death. Adi converse with Siddharthan's friends, read his diary and articles, and get help from a psychic Dr. Vaidyanathan (Suresh Gopi). The story evolves around what Adi finds out about his father's life and whether and how he finds out the truth about the mysterious death.
Awards.
Mohanlal got the Kerala Film Critics Award and the Mathrubhumi Film Awards for Best Actor for this film.

</doc>
<doc id="21409997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21409997" title="1965 Official Guide New York World's Fair">
1965 Official Guide New York World's Fair

The 1965 Official Guide New York World's Fair is an event guide published and edited by Time–Life Books. It is a 280 page, soft-cover, highly, sometimes colorfully, illustrated book. It is divided into multiple sections, such as maps, industrial, international, federal and state, transportation and index. Exhibits or pavilions are listed and described often with sketch-like illustrations and photographs. Many colorful advertisements also make up a part of the Guide. It was widely sold as guide to the 1964/1965 World's Fair, held at Flushing Meadows–Corona Park in New York City, USA. It is considered an important historic artifact by students and teachers of history, who use the guide to further their understanding of the World's Fair, its exhibits and contemporary culture.
Description of exhibits.
Description of international exhibits.
The description of the international exhibits spans 51 pages of the guide and is the second longest section after the description of "Industrial" Exhibits. It lists some 45 pavilions. Not all of the international pavilions listed are hosted by nations. Thus there is a description for a Pavilion hosted by Berlin, which offers: "Film and color transparencies depict day-to-day life in this outpost of freedom," but none of Germany, Belgium or France. England appears to be represented only by the "British Lion Pub". Perhaps most surprisingly, the guide lists Billy Graham's pavilion as being in the International section.
Description of corporate exhibits.
The description of corporate exhibits, which in this guide are referred to as "Industrial", spans 56 pages of the guide. Major exhibits in this section appear to have been General Motors' Futurama, General Electric's Progressland, IBM's dome and the Eastman Kodak Pavilion. The "Industrial" section, in particular, has many advertisements, often for products produced by the companies which host the described pavilions. The exhibits are listed alphabetically and described in a paragraph or two. Admission, usually free, is also listed under each exhibit. Because the "Industrial" section covers all exhibits not contained in the International and Federal and State sections, a wide array of both commercial and non-commercial exhibitors are listed together. For example, the exhibit for the Boy Scouts of America is listed after Bell System. The former billed as "Scouts from around the U.S. display such skills as knot-typing, fire-making and lifesaving," while the latter is offers "The history of communications, from smoke signals to satellites, ... in a fifteen minute ride."
Advertisements.
Many sophisticated advertisements are printed in the guide. Most are directed at the Fair going public. In fact, the blending of content and advertisement is so sophisticated that it is, in places, nearly impossible to distinguish between the two. A two-page color advertisement for the Eastman Kodak Pavilion (billed as the "Focal Point of the Fair"), advertises not Kodak product, but the Pavilion itself. Other exhibitors ran advertisement for their products alongside advertisement for their pavilion. American Express, for example, ran an illustration of "The $1 Million Money Tree", exhibited at their pavilion, over a partial list of their products.
Value.
The Guide the New York World's Fair is considered an important tool for teaching history, especially social history. The guide gives insight into the cultural and social mores and practices of the mid-century United States. The description of the General Cigar Hall of Magic, for example, which speaks of giant smoke rings and magic shows acts as a reminder of the common place of smoking in North American society. A Chrysler advertisement that assures that “Mom will be thrilled by the landscaped islands and by the beauty of cars that seem to float on the water” speaks to gender roles in the mid-1960s in America. Leaving aside specific examples, the optimistic tone of the guide may give some insight into the perception of the nation’s progress at the time. A seemingly boundless trust in "Industry" and its products is evidenced by the fact that guide’s largest section was reserved for the description of pavilions of big corporate sponsors.

</doc>
<doc id="21410001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410001" title="Andrzej Kozakiewicz">
Andrzej Kozakiewicz

Andrzej "Kozak" Kozakiewicz (born 6 July 1966 in Piła). Master of politology, co-founder of Pidżama Porno, Strachy na Lachy and Świat Czarownic, where he plays on the guitar. Married, has a son named Mikołaj.
References.
http://pidzamaporno.art.pl/?p=zespol

</doc>
<doc id="21410007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410007" title="Punto guajiro">
Punto guajiro

Punto guajiro or "punto cubano" – or simply "punto" – is a sung genre of Cuban music, a poetic art with music. It emerged in the western and central regions of Cuba in the 17th century. Although it has Andalusian origins, it is a true Cuban genre because of its integration with African elements.
Punto is played by a group with various types of guitar: the Spanish guitar, the Cuban tres, the laúd and the tiple. The "punto" refers to the use of a pick (punteando), rather than strumming (rasgueado). There are three percussion instruments: the clave, the güiro and the "guayo" (also a scraper, but of metal). Singers form themselves into teams, and improvise their lines. They sing, or chant, an unvarying melody, with intervals between stanzas to give the singers time to prepare the next verse.
Early compositions were sometimes recorded in print, as were the names of some of the singer/composers. Beginning around 1935, punto reached a peak of popularity on Cuban radio. Nothing was done to record their work, but as it happens, a stenographer, "Aida Bode", was a fan of this genre, and she wrote down the verses as they were broadcast. Finally, in 1997, her transcriptions were published in book form.
Celina González and Albita both sang punto in the first part of their careers, proving that the genre is still alive, though perhaps moribund in its original form. Celina has one of the great voices in popular music, and her suppoeting group "Campo Alegre" is outstanding. For aficionados, however, Indio Naborí ("Sabio Jesús Orta Ruiz", b. 30 September 1922) is the greatest name in punto, for his decima poetry, which he wrote daily for the radio and newspapers. He is also a published author, with several collections of his poetry, much of which has a political nueva trova edge.
Interpreters of the punto.
This is a list of performers of the punto sufficiently notable to be mentioned in print.

</doc>
<doc id="21410016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410016" title="Durand Airfield">
Durand Airfield

Durand Airfield (also known as 17-Mile Drome) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located from Port Moresby, to the north of the Waigani swamp.
The airfield was known as '17 Mile' or sometimes 'Waigani'. Waigani swamp is located at the end of the airfield. Pilots feared crashing into during bad take offs or landings under the belief there were crocodiles in it. On November 10, 1942 it was officially renamed "Durand Airfield" to honor of MIA P-39 pilot Edward D. Durand missing on a mission against Lae.
History.
Durand Airfield consisted of a single main runway, running roughly NW-SE, being constructed by the 808th Airborne Engineers, and completed in August 1942. The runway was separate from the dispersal and camp areas, where revetments were carved into hillsides and taxiways elevated for drainage. Gun pits built of 55 gallon drums for anti-aircraft were built on the surrounding hills, and buildings on concrete slabs, or tents on gravel from the nearby quarry.
Many squadrons rotated in and out of the Airfield during its peak usage. Major units assigned to the station were:
The airstrip was active during late 1942 and all of 1943 as a front-line base, It became a rear area when units moved forward to the Dobodura area.
As the airfield was located some distance from Port Moresby, the airfield has remained relatively isolated and disused since the war. There are no settlements on the airfield, only occasionally do people pass through the area searching for firewood or hunting. The runway, revetments and taxiway system are still present, but only clearly visible in the dry season when the grass has been burned away.

</doc>
<doc id="21410029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410029" title="Marilyn Lacey">
Marilyn Lacey

Marilyn Lacey, R.S.M., is the founder and executive director of Mercy Beyond Borders, a non-profit organization which partners with displaced women and children overseas to alleviate their extreme poverty. Sr. Lacey is a California native, and has been a Sister of Mercy since 1966.
For twenty-five years Sr. Lacey has worked with refugees in the U.S., Africa, and Southeast Asia. She has dedicated her life to making the world a more welcoming place for persons forced to leave their homelands because of war or persecution.] For many years she directed programs for refugees and immigrants, including the resettlement of the Lost Boys of Sudan, at Catholic Charities in San Jose. 
In 2001, Lacey was personally honored by the Dalai Lama as an "Unsung Hero of Compassion” and in Spring 2009 Ave Maria Press released her memoir "This Flowing Toward Me: A Story of God Arriving in Strangers". She holds a master’s degree in social work from the University of California, Berkeley.
Biography.
Marilyn Lacey, R.S.M., was born on July 11, 1948, in San Francisco, California. After graduating from Mercy High School, Burlingame in 1966, she went on to receive a Bachelor of Arts degree (B.A.) from Russell College, Burlingame, CA.
In 1966, Lacey joined the Sisters of Mercy of Burlingame and became a high school math and theology teacher. In 1979, Sr. Marilyn volunteered at the San Francisco International Airport, helping refugees from Southeast Asia make their connecting flights to the small towns across America where they were being resettled. This initial encounter set in motion a career change for Sr. Marilyn, and thrust her into international refugee work, initially in the Lao-Thai border camps, and later in Africa. 
In 1984, Lacey obtained a master’s degree in social work (M.S.W.) from the University of California, Berkeley. While she was a graduate student at UC Berkeley, she wrote a paper discussing the shifts in U.S. refugee policies since WWII; it was later published as Chapter 1 in "People in Upheaval" (Staten Island, NY: Center for Migration Studies, 1987). Lacey also conducted a national study of AmerAsian refugee youth, "In Our Fathers’ Land," that was published (without an author listed) by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops in 1986 and distributed to all refugee resettlement sites nationwide.
In 1985, she became Director of Refugee Services for Catholic Charities in San Jose, California. Catholic Charities provides refugee resettlement services, employment placement for newcomers, foster care for refugee minors, and legal assistance to immigrants. During her tenure, Catholic Charities vastly expanded its immigration programs to include services for language and financial literacy, naturalization, family visa petitions, political asylum, deportation defense and help to those who could not afford private legal counsel. Her office was involved in the 1986 amnesty program and also provided education and public awareness regarding Proposition 187.] She has also served as a member of the Board of Directors for Mercy Housing California and for Mercy Hospital, Bakersfield.
Lacey has spent time in some of the most war-ravaged places on earth, including the Lao-Thai border, Sudanese and Somali camps in Kenya, and with internally displaced persons in the Eastern Equatoria region of Sudan. She has also worked extensively with the Lost Boys of Sudan helping them to resettle safely in the United States. ]
In 2001 she was honored by the Dalai Lama as an “Unsung Hero of Compassion,” for her life of service with refugees.] 
After 21 years of working for Catholic Charities, Sr. Marilyn Lacey started Mercy Beyond Borders in 2008; its mission is to partner with displaced women and children overseas in ways that help them move up from extreme poverty.
Lacey is a frequent presenter to groups and schools throughout the U.S on refugee and migration issues. In 2009 Ave Maria Press published her memoir "This Flowing Toward Me: A Story of God Arriving in Strangers".
In 2011, Sister Marilyn Lacey received an honorary doctorate of humane letters from Saint Joseph's College of Maine.
Books.
"This Flowing Toward Me: A Story of God Arriving in Strangers"(Ave Maria Press, 2009)
References.
(1) “Sr. Marilyn Lacey, Founder of ‘Mercy Beyond Borders’ Scheduled to Speak” Mount Aloysius College, News Detail. Sept. 22, 2008.
(2) Ward, Roberta. (2006) “Sister Marilyn Lacey reflects on work with refugees, immigrants,” The Valley Catholic Newspaper. Vol. 24, no. 9
(3) Templeton, David. “Holy Thrill: The Dalai Lama turns the spotlight on a few dazzled, unsung local heroes,” Metro, Silicon Valley's Weekly Newspaper. May 24–30, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21410030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410030" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (C)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (C)


</doc>
<doc id="21410036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410036" title="Barnes Castle">
Barnes Castle

Barnes Castle is an unfinished castle, with a number of defensive banks, on the slope of the Garleton Hills, located north-east of Haddington and close to Athelstaneford in East Lothian, Scotland. The remains, also known as Barney Vaults, are protected as a category B listed building.
The castle was started by Sir John Seton of Barnes, diplomat at the court of Philip II of Spain and later James VI's Treasurer of the Household and an Extraordinary Lord of Session, who died in 1594. The entrance gate was in the centre of the south-west wall. For its time it was of a modern and symmetrical design.

</doc>
<doc id="21410039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410039" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (D)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (D)


</doc>
<doc id="21410043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410043" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (E)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (E)


</doc>
<doc id="21410046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410046" title="Ted Peterson">
Ted Peterson

Ted Peterson MBE (6 May 1916 – 19 December 2005) was a baseball (British/Welsh) player, whose unparalleled achievements in the sport earned him the title ‘Mr Baseball’.
A formidable bowler, his international appearances for Wales stretched from the 1930s to the 1960s, and when his playing days were over, he devoted his energies to administration.
Life and playing career.
Early years.
Born in Canton, Cardiff in 1916, Peterson played for school and church teams before breaking into the Penylan side in 1934 – a club he would remain with throughout his career. He spent most of that first season with the second team, but on one first-team appearance, against Splott University Settlement he recorded impressive figures of 8 (men out) for 24 (runs).
International appearances.
In 1935, he became a Penylan first team regular and two years later was called into the Wales national team. He took 6 for 33 in two spells against England in 1937 at Stanley Greyhound Stadium, Liverpool, and was also the top Welsh batsman, with scores of 10 and 4, but it was not enough to help Wales avoid an innings defeat.
After missing the 1938 international through injury, he was back in the team for the 1939 trip to Liverpool, and another Welsh defeat. The Second World War saw him on active service with the Royal Engineers, before returning to civilian life and the Great Western Railway, where he was employed, mainly in the docks, for 51 years.
The first post-war international was the 1948 game in the grounds of Cardiff Castle. Peterson captained Wales and opened the bowling in front of a crowd of 10,000. He got four England players out for no runs and steered his team to victory by 11 runs, thus ending England's five-game winning streak.
The following year at New Brighton, Peterson made his fourth international appearance. As second bowler to Maurice Groves, he finished England's first innings with figures of 4 for 27. He also cemented his reputation as something of an all-rounder: his total of 14 equalled his best international score and took his Wales total to 40 in four games – the average of 10 runs per game being an outstanding figure for a bowler.
Back on home soil for the 1950 international, the game had to be replayed after torrential rain disrupted proceedings at Sophia Gardens. Peterson bowled superbly to take out 8 Englishmen in the first innings and 7 in the second. He also scored 9 in his only innings with the bat to help Wales to a comfortable win.
He played in the 1951 and '52 international wins and was picked as substitute, but not used, in the 1953 game. He captained a Welsh team against the English at Sophia Gardens in 1957 in a special representative match – in addition to the annual international – staged to raise money for the Empire Games funds. His final appearance for Wales came in 1960, and he took 4 for 9 in the first England innings, as the Welsh won at Maindy Stadium, Cardiff.
Club competitions.
In club competition, Peterson's Penylan scored the league and cup double in 1952, beating Splott US in the Welsh Baseball Union (WBU) Cup Final by 79 runs, and there were further successes in both premier competitions through the late 1950s and into the '60s. Indeed, in 1961, '62 and '63 Penylan won the treble of league title, WBU Cup and Welsh National Baseball League (WNBL) Cup.
Awards and distinctions.
He was named ‘unsung hero of sport’ by the Welsh Sports Hall of Fame, and in 1996, at the age of 80, he received the UK national Help the Aged Golden Award for contribution to sport. He died in December 2005, aged 89, still holding the post of President of the WBU.
In 1963, he became chairman of the WNBL, and in 1978 – at the age of 62 – finally hung up his baseball boots. In 1980 he was invited to meet Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh, who were in Cardiff for its 75th anniversary of achieving city status.
In 1985 he retired after 22 years as secretary of the Penylan club, and became chairman of the new WBU, which at that time administered 72 men's teams, 32 women's teams and 250 junior sides. Stepping down as chairman in 1996, he remained president until his death in 2005. A Wales team selector and member of the International Baseball Board, there is even a cup competition named in his honour. – the Ted Peterson Cup is contested by Welsh men’s teams each summer.
Trivia.
The racehorse Baseball Ted is named after him and is owned by his son Alan.

</doc>
<doc id="21410050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410050" title="Ben Blank">
Ben Blank

Ben Blank (c. 1921 – February 3, 2009) was an American innovator in television graphics, working for both CBS and the American Broadcasting Company, who has been credited with creating the first news graphic and the first use of a logo displayed over a news anchor's shoulder, winning an Emmy Award for his work.
Early life.
Blank was born in San Francisco, California. He moved with his family to Union City, New Jersey, where he won an art contest sponsored by the "Hudson Dispatch" for his sketches, which he would often make on butcher paper at the grocery store his father operated. Blank attended Cooper Union in New York City, which was interrupted by his service in the United States Army during World War II.
Television career.
While at CBS News in October 1957, following the launch of the Sputnik 1 by the Soviet Union, Blank attached a golf ball to a bent coat hanger which was attached to a turntable that rotated the ball around a globe. Blank described how "We filmed it for a minute, edited it into a loop, and it led the evening news", in a clip that has been described as the first newscast graphic. He was also credited with being the first to have a graphic design placed over the shoulder of the news anchor. He served as the graphics director at CBS News until 1962. CBS News anchor Walter Cronkite described Blank as "a pioneer of television graphics at a time when his artistry and genius were all we had to demonstrate a complicated story".
In a 1961 visit to West Germany, Blank visited the state television network's graphic department, discovering that they were using methods under which the staff took eight days to prepare an on-screen graphic as they were sending drawings to outside processors for photo processing and type house work. Blank introduced rapid photo processing and the use of pre-printed letters in captions that were described as having "advanced German graphics knowledge 10 years".
Blank moved to ABC News in 1962, and spent three decades there, retiring as managing director of graphics for the network. In 1963, Blank created a graphic for a story on the Vietnam War in which a map of Vietnam was lit on fire on camera "to suggest the intensity of the conflict". After Gordon Cooper flew aboard Mercury-Atlas 9 on the last mission of Project Mercury in May 1963, Blank obtained a Mercury capsule model from the office of science correspondent Jules Bergman, placed it in a pail of water and had a camera zoom in tight while a stagehand jiggled the bucket. During a 1963 visit to New York City by President John F. Kennedy, Blank had his graphic artists prepare a map of the city with the motorcade route cut out, using colored cardboard to show the president's progress. In 1990, Blank was honored with an Emmy Award for his work on "Primetime Live", ABC's prime time news magazine program.
John Hockenberry, in his 2006 book, "Looking Closer: Critical Writings on Graphic Design", called Blank the "television graphic artist's equivalent of Homer, Marshall McLuhan and Edward R. Murrow rolled into one."
Death.
A resident of Teaneck, New Jersey for 55 years, Blank died at age 87 on February 3, 2009. He was survived by his wife Miriam, to whom he had been married for 60 years, two daughters, a son and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21410053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410053" title="Minuscule 201">
Minuscule 201

Minuscule 201 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 403 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains entire text of the New Testament on 493 parchment leaves (size ). The Pauline epistles are followed after the Catholic epistles. The text is written in two columns per page, in 22 lines per page, in light-brown or dark-brown ink, the initial letters in gold.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the Ammonian Sections, with some references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains synaxaria, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each book, prolegomena (to James and some Pauline epistles), ("lessons"), subscriptions at the end of each book, numbers of στιχοι, and Euthalian Apparatus to the Catholic and Pauline epistles.
According to colophons, Gospel of Matthew was written in 8 years after Ascension, Mark – 10 years, Luke 15 years, and John 32 years.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kr. Aland placed it in Category V. Its text is very close to the codex 480.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kr in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20, as its perfect member.
History.
According to the colophon from Epistle to Hebrews the manuscript was written by scribe named Methodius (in 6866): 
Formerly the manuscript belonged to the monastery S. Marco in Florence. Later it belonged to Samuel Butler Bishop of Lichfield. 
Giovanni Lami was the first who described the manuscript. It was examined by Wettstein, Birch, Griesbach, Bloomfield, Scrivener, and C. R. Gregory (1883). Griesbach placed it twice on his list of manuscripts of NT, as 107 and 201. 
It is currently housed at the British Library (Add. 11837. 1357), at London.

</doc>
<doc id="21410054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410054" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (F)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (F)


</doc>
<doc id="21410068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410068" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (G)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (G)


</doc>
<doc id="21410069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410069" title="Ruzena Bajcsy">
Ruzena Bajcsy

Ružena Bajcsy (born 1933 in Czechoslovakia) is an American computer scientist who specializes in robotics. She is Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley, where she is also Director Emerita of CITRIS (the Center for Information Technology Research in the Interest of Society).
She was previously Professor (and Chair) of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania, where she was Director (and founder) of the University of Pennsylvania's General Robotics and Active Sensory Perception Laboratory, and a member of the Neurosciences Institute in the School of Medicine. She has also been head of the National Science Foundation's Computer and Information Science and Engineering Directorate, with authority over a $500 million budget. At Pennsylvania, she supervised at least 26 doctoral students who received the Ph.D.
Membership.
Bajcsy is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Sciences Institute of Medicine as well as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the American Association for Artificial Intelligence, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Education.
She received a Master's and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Slovak Technical University in 1957 and 1967, and an additional Ph.D. in computer science in 1972 from Stanford University. Her thesis was "Computer Identification of Textured Visual Scenes", and her advisor was John McCarthy.
In 2001, she received an honorary doctorate from the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia. From 2003–05, she was a member of the President's Information Technology Advisory Committee. The November 2002 issue of "Discover" named her to its list of the 50 most important women in science. In 2012, she received honorary doctorate degrees from the University of Pennsylvania and KTH, The Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden.
Writings.
She has written over 225 articles in journals and conference proceedings, 25 book chapters, and 66 technical reports and has been on many editorial boards.
Current research.
Her current research centers on artificial intelligence; biosystems and computational biology; control, intelligent systems, and robotics; graphics and human-computer interaction, computer vision; and security.
Awards.
Bajcsy received the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)/Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence Allen Newell Award in 2001, the ACM Distinguished Service Award in 2003, and the Computing Research Association Distinguished Service Award in 2003.
Bajcsy's most current research has helped her gain recognition from The Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. Ružena Bajcsy received the 2009 Benjamin Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive Science for her innovations in robotics and computer vision, specifically the development of improved robotic perception and the creation of better methods to analyze medical images.
Bajcsy has been named by the IEEE Board of Directors the recipient of the 2013 IEEE Robotics and Automation Award for her contributions in the field of robotics and automation with the following citation: "For contributions to computer vision, the active perception paradigm, and medical robotics".

</doc>
<doc id="21410081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410081" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (I)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (I)


</doc>
<doc id="21410090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410090" title="Wawrzyniec Styczeń">
Wawrzyniec Styczeń

Wawrzyniec Styczeń (born January 5, 1836 in Wola Drwińska near Bochnia, died May29, 1908 in Niepołomice) was a Polish social activist, lawyer, president of the Kraków branch of the Youth Club "Sokół" ("Falcon"), member of the "Society of Appreciation of the History and Monuments of Kraków", and member of the Kraków City Council.
Biography.
Styczeń came from a peasant family. He most likely began his studies in his native Wola Drwińska, and by 1854 attended the Saint Anne's gymnasium in Kraków. He graduated after five years. Between 1859 and 1863 he studied at the Faculty of Law of the Jagiellonian University. He finished his doctorate in Law in 1869.
Styczeń settled permanently in Krakow and purchased a house on Karmelicka street. He operated a successful law practice, and gradually acquired the reputation as "the most outstanding personality of the Kraków Bar". For many years he served as President of the Board of the Kraków Bar, and was also a member of the disciplinary committee of the Bar (within the Kraków National Court).
He was active in social work. After the establishment of the Kraków branch of the Youth Club/Athletic society ""Sokól"" in Kraków in 1885, he became 
one of its members and served as the president of the organization after the resignation of Michał Bałucki, in 1886. He also served as the vice-president of the Lwów chapter of the organization. Styczeń was instrumental in obtaining funds for and organizing the construction of the "Sokól" headquarters in Kraków, which opened up in November 1889 on Wolska Street. The building was expanded in 1894.
Under his leadership the athletic organization expanded to include, in addition to gymnastics, fencing, rowing, horse riding and cycling. Styczeń closely cooperated with the original Czech "Sokol" establishment . In 1894 the Kraków members participated in a national athletic exhibition in Lwów, and in June 1896 Styczeń helped to organize a three day tournament and rally of the club with representatives from Galicia, Greater Poland, Czech lands and the United States. In 1894 the Kraków branch had 1,200 members, including doctors, land owners, merchants and artists. Due to disputes with other members of the organization, Styczeń stepped down as president in 1898 and was replaced by Władysław Turski.
In June of 1887, Styczeń began to serve on the Kraków City Council, and remained in the position for the next fifteen years. He served in the economic and legal departments and from 1891 he headed the commission to "attract foreign visitors to the city of Kraków and its surroundings". He was deeply concerned with improving the aesthetics of the city and in November 1896 he was invited by Stanisław Krzyżanowski to join the "Society of Appreciation of the History and Monuments of Kraków".
Between 1887 and 1890 he was a member of the Faculty of the Great Savings Fund for the City of Kraków under the presidency of Feliks Szlachtowski. He continued to work in the same capacity under the next president, Józef Friedlein. 
He was involved in charitable work, as a member of the "Arcybractwa Miłosierdzia i Banku Pobożnego" (the "Arch-brothers of Mercy and of the Pious Bank"). He served as their legal advisor, as well as for the Goodwill Society.
At the end of 1904 he left Kraków and moved his offices to Niepołomice, where he served as a city councilor and on the district court. He died in Niepołomice on May 29, 1908. He was buried at the Rakowicki Cemetery in the family tomb of the Ziembiński, his wife's family. His tomb has an erroneous date of birth, given as 1837 instead of 1836.
He married Helena Ziembińska (born in 1850 in Kraków) in 1870 and had four children: daughter Mary (born 1873), and sons, Stanisław (born 1876), Alexander (born 1878) and Adam (born 1889).

</doc>
<doc id="21410092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410092" title="Aynabo">
Aynabo

Aynabo () is an ancient town in the northern Sool region of Somalia. The broader Aynabo District has a total population of 30,702 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="21410094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410094" title="Rogers Airfield">
Rogers Airfield

Rogers Airfield (also known as 30-Mile Drome) is a former World War II airfield near Redscar Bay, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located north-west of Port Moresby by air, near Rorona (also spelled Rarona).
On November 15, 1942, the airfield was named in honor of Major Floyd "Buck" W. Rogers (C.O. of 3rd BG, 8th BS) who was KIA flying A-24 41-15797.
History.
Rogers Airfield was built by American forces in mid-1942, and in use by the first week of June. The airfield served as both a crash strip and also based aircraft for short periods in the early stages of the war. Known units based at Rogers were:
After the war Rogers Field was used as a small commercial airport by Air Niugini. Its commercial use ended in the 1960s and today the airfield is unused.

</doc>
<doc id="21410098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410098" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (K)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (K)


</doc>
<doc id="21410107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410107" title="Opinion 2027">
Opinion 2027

Opinion 2027 is a ruling of the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN) concerning the conservation of 17 species names of wild animals with domestic derivatives. Opinion 2027 is in response to Case 3010 and subsequent comments.
The 17 names involved:
The significance of this ruling is that if these wild animals and their domesticated derivatives are regarded as one species, then the scientific name of that species is the scientific name of the wild animal. These 17 species of wild animals were named "later than" the relevant domestic animals, hence the use of the ICZN provision for conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="21410113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410113" title="Krnka">
Krnka

A Krnka may be referred to any variant of a pistol designed by Karel Krnka, a late 19th Century designer from Bohemia, or the rifle designed by his father Sylvester Krnka for the Russian military.

</doc>
<doc id="21410114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410114" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (L)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (L)


</doc>
<doc id="21410119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410119" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (M)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (M)


</doc>
<doc id="21410122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410122" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (N)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (N)


</doc>
<doc id="21410128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410128" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (O)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (O)

<noincludeÂ»
</noinclude

</doc>
<doc id="21410135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410135" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (P)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (P)


</doc>
<doc id="21410136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410136" title="Minuscule 202">
Minuscule 202

Minuscule 202 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 242 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 278 parchment leaves (size ). Pauline epistles followed after Catholic epistles. It is written in one column per page, in 21 lines per page, in light-brown or dark-brown ink, capital letters in gold. It is a "splendid copy".
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 sections - the last in 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, in red and gold, lectionary markings at the margin, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, numbers of στιχοι, Menologion, and synaxaria. It uses "iota adscript".
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden included it to the textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx and creates cluster 202.
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is marked by an obelus.
History.
Formerly the manuscript belonged to the monastery S. Marco in Florence (together with Add MSS 14770 and 14771). Later it belonged to Samuel Butler Bishop of Lichfield. It was purchased from Payne and Foss, in 16 November 1843.
It was examined by Birch and Bloomfield. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883. 
It is currently housed at the British Library (Add. 14774), at London.

</doc>
<doc id="21410141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410141" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (R)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (R)


</doc>
<doc id="21410143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410143" title="Mordecai Lincoln House (Springfield, Kentucky)">
Mordecai Lincoln House (Springfield, Kentucky)

The Mordecai Lincoln House is a historic house located in Washington County, Kentucky, north of Springfield, Kentucky. It was the home of Mordecai Lincoln, brother of Thomas Lincoln, the father of the 16th President of the United States Abraham Lincoln. It is the only house owned by a member of Abraham Lincoln's family that still stands in Kentucky. It is across KY 528 from Lincoln Homestead State Park.
History.
Mordecai Lincoln was with his father Captain Abraham Lincoln when he was shot by an Indian. Mordecai rescued his younger brother Thomas, by shooting an Indian reaching for him. Thomas became the father of Abraham Lincoln, the future president. 
In 1792 Mordecai gained his inheritance from his father upon reaching the age of majority. Later the same year he married into one of the "first families" of Washington County by marrying Mary Mudd. (Mary's first cousin twice removed was Doctor Samuel Mudd, who got in trouble for repairing John Wilkes Booth's injured leg during Booth's escape attempt after the assassination of Abraham Lincoln in April 1865).
In 1797 Mordecai Lincoln bought from Terah Templin in Washington County, and built what is known as the Mordecai Lincoln House on the property. He and his family lived in the house until 1811, when they moved to Grayson County, Kentucky. In 1828 they moved to Hancock County, Illinois, where Mordecai died two years later.
The Mordecai Lincoln House is the only home of any member of the Lincoln family that still stands in Kentucky. The homes of Abraham Lincoln's father Thomas Lincoln, Sinking Spring Farm and Knob Creek Farm, were both razed in the 19th century, as was Mordecai's Grayson County home. His brother Josiah Lincoln's log cabin was destroyed in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="21410147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410147" title="Fishermans Airfield">
Fishermans Airfield

Fishermans Airfield (also known as Daugo Island Airfield) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located offshore of Port Moresby. The island's name is derived from the names of the island's two villages - Dag (on the western tip) and Ugo (eastern tip). It is also known as Fisherman's Island.
The airfield on the island was built by the RAAF c. 1944 as an emergency airfield. It was abandoned and has been disused since the war.

</doc>
<doc id="21410158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410158" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (S)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (S)


</doc>
<doc id="21410168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410168" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (T)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (T)


</doc>
<doc id="21410173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410173" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (U)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (U)


</doc>
<doc id="21410179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410179" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (V)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (V)


</doc>
<doc id="21410180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410180" title="Stollers">
Stollers

Stollers, also known as Stollers Furniture World, is a British-based home furnishings retailer. It is located at one site, Walney Road, Barrow-in-Furness, North West England, United Kingdom. It is currently one of the largest single site furniture stores in the country.
History.
Stollers was founded in 1905 by Latvian immigrant "Issah Stoller", it began as a small market stall in Barrow Market, before a store was established on Barrow's main commercial street, Dalton Road. In the late 1920s, the store moved to larger premises on the same street and began to trade furniture, beds and floor coverings, although linens remained the stores best seller. After Issah's passing in 1944, his son Philip took over the family business, as the Barrow store continued to expand in range of product, two more locations were opened in Millom and Ulverston (now closed). The next generation of the Stoller family decided to move to a much larger location and make the store ready for the 21st century, in 1994 David Stoller purchased land opposite where Barrow's Asda store is currently located. The store was completed in 1995 and became the largest single site furniture retailer in the North West, the store won the NatWest Streamline Independent Retailer of the Year Excellence Award and was finalist in the prestigious UK Furniture Industry Awards "Retailer of the Year". In 2004 a brand new extension was opened which brought the total retail area to , and ultimately making it one of the largest furniture stores in the United Kingdom.
Products.
Stollers specialises in home furnishing, selling products ranging from sofas, mirrors, cabinets, tables, chairs, carpets, flooring, rugs, fires and fireplaces, with a large lighting area and a Christmas Department from Mid September through to December. Stollers is also home to a coffee shop and restaurant, and distributes products across the UK and elsewhere.Stollers has the largest selection of furniture in the area, offers interest free credit, and many items are available for immediate delivery or can be taken with you after purchase.
References.
established on Barrow's main commercial street, Dalton Road. In the late 1920s, the store moved to larger premises on the same street and began to trade furniture, beds and floor coverings, although linens remained the stores best seller. After Issah's passing in 1944, his son Philip took over the family business, as the Barrow store continued to expand in range of product, two more locations were opened in Millom and Ulverston (now closed). The next generation of the Stoller family decided to move to a much larger location and make the store ready for the 21st century, in 1994 David Stoller purchased land opposite where Barrow's Asda store is currently located. The store was completed in 1995, in 2004 a brand new extension was opened which brought the total retail area to 110,000 sq ft (10,000 m2), and ultimately making it one of the largest furniture stores in the United Kingdom.David's son Lee Stoller (Sales Director) is now heavily involved in all purchasing and displays in store and sources products from all over the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="21410184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410184" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (Y)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (Y)


</doc>
<doc id="21410190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410190" title="List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (Z)">
List of Heroes of the Russian Federation (Z)


</doc>
<doc id="21410204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410204" title="1934 Cincinnati Reds (NFL) season">
1934 Cincinnati Reds (NFL) season

The 1934 Cincinnati Reds season was their second and final in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 3–6–1, losing eight games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season. The team was shut out in six of their eight games, losing 64–0 in Week 8 and folding as a franchise.
The 1934 Reds surrendered 6.40 rushing yards per attempt, the worst figure in professional football history. They are the only team in NFL history to surrender more than five yards per carry.
The team was purchased by the St. Louis Gunners, who finished out the remainder of the Reds' schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="21410207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410207" title="Consensus Tigurinus">
Consensus Tigurinus

The Consensus Tigurinus or Consensus of Zurich was a document intended to bring unity to the Protestant churches on their doctrines of the sacraments, particularly the Lord's Supper. John Calvin, who stood in between the Lutheran view of Real Presence and the Zwinglian view of pure symbolism, wrote the first draft of the document in November 1548, with notes by Heinrich Bullinger. It taught:
Calvin sent the document to the Swiss churches, but the Synod at Berne opposed Calvin's view strongly and continued to do so until after Calvin's death. In May 1549, Calvin met with William Farel and Bullinger in Zurich, and the three revised the document into its final form, which was published in Zurich and Geneva in 1551. It attempted to coalesce the Calvinist and the advanced Zwinglian doctrines while standing opposed to transubstantiation, the Roman Catholic view, and sacramental union, the Lutheran view. It was accepted by the churches in Zurich, Geneva, Saint Gall, Schaffhausen, the Grisons, Neuchâtel, and eventually by Basel, and brought them into harmony with one another. It was "favorably received" in France, England, and parts of Germany, but while Melancthon said that he understood the Swiss for the first time and would no longer write against them, it was attacked by the Gnesio-Lutheran Joachim Westphal and "became the innocent occasion of the second sacramental war."

</doc>
<doc id="21410209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410209" title="George Avery Young">
George Avery Young

George Avery Young (June, 1866-21 January 1900) was an English-born sportsman who played international rugby union for Wales and cricket for Glamorgan.
Rugby career.
Although born in Tynemouth in the North of England, Young moved to Wales where he came to note as a sportsman. His first major club was Cardiff, and while serving with the 'Blues' he was selected to represent Wales in the country's opening game of the 1886 Home Nations Championship, against England. Under the captaincy of Charlie Newman, Young was one of five Cardiff players to represent Wales on the day, with teammates Billy Douglas and Dai Lewis joining Young as first caps. His second and final cap was the next game of the 1886 Championship, this time against Scotland, which Wales again lost.
During the 1886/87 season, Young was given the captaincy of Cardiff, which he held for two seasons.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="21410244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410244" title="Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited">
Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited

Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited (SBU) is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Uganda, the national banking regulator.
Overview.
The bank is the largest commercial bank in the country, by assets, with an estimated asset valuation of over US$1.3 billion (UGX:3.24 trillion), accounting for approximately 20.5% of the total bank assets in Uganda, as of December 2013. At that time shareholders' equity was valued at approximately US$163 million (UGX:405.3 billion). At that time, SBU also had the largest branch network in the country, accounting for about 18% of the bank branches in Uganda.
Group.
Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited is subsidiary of the Standard Bank Group, an International bank with headquarters in Johannesburg, South Africa with branches in 18 African countries and affiliates in 21 other countries outside Africa. Standard Bank employs over 40,000 individuals worldwide, serving customers through more than 1,000 points of service. Its asset base is in excess of US$174 billion. Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited is listed on the Uganda Securities Exchange (USE), where it trades under the symbol SBU. As of February 2009, it is one of the few Ugandan commercial banks with Internet banking availability.
History.
The bank was founded in Uganda as the National Bank of India in 1906. After several name changes, it became Grindlays Bank. In 1991, Standard Bank bought the Grindlays Bank network in Africa. The new owners renamed the bank Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited. Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited is licensed as a merchant banker, stockbroker and financial adviser by the Capital Markets Authority, which licensed the Uganda Securities Exchange in 1997.
In February 2002, Standard Bank acquired 90% shareholding in Uganda Commercial Bank, a government-owned retail banking operation with sixty-five branches. The new owners merged their new acquisition with their existing "Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited" to form Uganda's largest commercial bank by assets and branch network. In November 2005, the Government of Uganda divested its ownership in Stanbic Bank (Uganda) by listing its shares on the Uganda Securities Exchange. Standard Bank also floated 10% of its shareholding at the same time, reducing their ownership to 80%.
Ownership.
, the ownership of Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited shares was as depicted in the table below:
Governance.
Hannington Karuhanga is Chairman of the Board. Philip Odera is the Managing Director.
Branch network.
, Stanbic Bank Uganda has a branch network of over 100 branches in all four regions of the country. Its branch network is the largest of all commercial banks in Uganda. At that time, it maintained 193 networked ATMs. Listed below are some of the branches of the bank:

</doc>
<doc id="21410249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410249" title="Bon Air (Tampa)">
Bon Air (Tampa)

Bon Air is a neighborhood within the district of West Tampa, which represents District 6 of the Tampa City Council. The estimated population recorded was 858.
Geography.
Bon Air is located at latitude 27.942 north and longitude 82.505 west. The elevation is 20 feet above sea level. It's bounadries are roughly Dale Mabry Highway to the west, John F. Kennedy Boulevard to the north, and Henderson Boulevard to the south and east.
Demographics.
In the census of 2000, there was a population of 1,225. The population density was 4,508 per square mile. The population was 48% white, 8% black, 2% Asian, and 38% Hispanic. 3% reported as being two or more races. 13% of all households had a female householder with no husband present. The per capita income for the neighborhood was $24,095. About 9% of the population were below the poverty line.
In the neighborhood the population was spread out with 18.7% under the age of 20, 39.1% from 20 to 39, 24.2% from 40 to 59, and 17.9% who were 60 years of age or older.

</doc>
<doc id="21410261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410261" title="Arthur Sellings">
Arthur Sellings

Arthur Sellings was the pseudonym of Robert Arthur Gordon Ley, (31 May 1911, Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England – 24 September 1968, Worthing, Sussex, England) an English scientist, book and art dealer, and science fiction author. In addition to Sellings he also wrote under the pen names Ray Luther and Martin Luther. He is best known for his well-crafted portraits of adaptability under stress, in stories noted for their humor, suspense and attention to plot and character. His posthumous novel "Junk Day" is considered his best work.
Life and career.
Ley was born on 31 May 1911 in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England, the son of Kent and Stella Grace (Sellings) Ley. He lived for most of his life in his native town. He married, on 18 August 1945, Gladys Pamela Judge. In addition to his writing, Ley was a book and art dealer and antiquarian and, from 1955–1968, a scientific researcher for the British government. His success in a 1955 writing contest sponsored by "The Observer" led to the publication of his first book, "Time Transfer", by Michael Joseph Ltd. His research work inspired some of his science fiction. His work appeared in "Fantastic", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Imagination", "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction", "Nebula Science Fiction", "New Worlds", "New Writings in SF", and "Worlds of Tomorrow", among other periodicals. 
Ley died of a heart attack on September 24, 1968 in Worthing, Sussex, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21410333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410333" title="Maine State Route 186">
Maine State Route 186

State Route 186 is a state highway in south central Maine. The highway serves the town of Gouldsboro, running in a half-loop from U.S. Route 1, south and east along the southern coast near Frenchman Bay, and then returning to US-1.

</doc>
<doc id="21410362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410362" title="Hans Duhm">
Hans Duhm

Hans Duhm (12 August 1878, Göttingen – 4 January 1946) was a German–Swiss chess master.
Born in Göttingen, Germany, he was the elder brother of Dietrich Duhm and Andreas Duhm. His father, Bernhard Duhm, was a professor for Protestant theology (Old Testament) in Göttingen and Basel, Switzerland. Hans studied theology too, graduated from the University of Strasbourg, Alsace (then German Empire), and received the "Lizentiate" degree (post graduate Doctorate). He published a theologian book "Die bösen Geister im Alten Testament" (Mohr Verlag, Tübingen und Leipzig 1904). He was a professor of Exegesis of the Old Testament in Göttingen and Breslau. 
He shared 1st at St. Gallen 1901 (Swiss Chess Championship) and became a co-champion. He tied for 16-17tha in the Mannheim 1914 chess tournament (the 19th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A", Hallegua won), and tied for 7-8th at Hannover 1926 (Aron Nimzowitsch won). Dr. Hans Duhm was five-time Lower Saxony Champion ("Der Niedersächsische Schachverband", 1924, 1925, 1927, 1928, and 1929). http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File%3AHans_Duhm.JPG

</doc>
<doc id="21410379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410379" title="Hey Ho (What You Do to Me!)">
Hey Ho (What You Do to Me!)

Hey Ho (What You Do to Me!) is the second album by the Canadian rock band The Guess Who, originally released on the Quality Records label in 1965. The cover gave credit to: "Guess Who? Chad Allan & The Expressions"
Personnel.
Chad Allan - Guitar & Vocals
Randy Bachman - Guitar & Vocals
Jim Kale - Bass & Vocals
Gary Peterson - Drums
Bob Ashley - Keyboards & Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="21410387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410387" title="1934 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1934 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1934 Philadelphia Eagles season was their second in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 3–5–1, losing seven games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season.
Off Season.
The Eagles held their preseason training camp in the New Jersey resort city of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Playoffs.
In their second year of existence the Eagles failed to play for the NFL Championship.
1934 Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"
Being an 2nd year expansion team the Eagles were mostly stocked with Rookies and 1st or 2nd years players. 
This was before the NFL Draft was started. All the NFL teams competed for the same players in an open market. 
A List of the 1933 Philadelphia Eagles. 

</doc>
<doc id="21410391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410391" title="Wembley City">
Wembley City

Wembley City is a development plan by Quintain and Family Mosaic that takes place in Wembley Park, northwest London, UK. There are many new apartments built as part of the project. Quadrant Court (the second residential block of Wembley City scheme) was completed in March 2010. Demolition of Malcolm and Fulton House also took place in March 2010 for a new hotel development. In Summer 2010, works on the Wembley Park Boulevard (leisure and retail hub) and Hilton Hotel begun. In Autumn 2010, Brent Council begun preparation works on the new Civic Centre site. In Winter 2010, the council will appoint construction company for Civic Centre.
Every home is pre-wired with the Velocity1 digital network which gives every resident instant access to digital TV, IP telephone and the fastest broadband service in the UK. Benefits include the Envac underground waste system which automatically removes refuse from the building to a central sorting station, eliminating smelly bins and making recycling easier. All residents will also have access to the landscaped courtyard in the centre of the building and there is secure bicycle storage alongside the car park.

</doc>
<doc id="21410394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410394" title="São Joaquim">
São Joaquim

São Joaquim is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina, situated in southern Brazil. It is located at latitude 28 ° 17 '38 "south and longitude 49 ° 55' 54" West, with an altitude of 1353 meters. Its population in 2004 was 23,114 inhabitants. Located in the Planalto Serrano, is located 136 km to Tubarão, 81 km to Lages and 227 km to Florianópolis. The town has a large ethnic diversity, including Italian, Portuguese, Japanese and Afro- Brazilians, though composed mainly of descendants of German and Swedish immigrants. There is also a large population coming from other states, mainly from Rio Grande do Sul.
Main economic activities.
The town's economy was based on livestock, but recently the cultivation of temperate fruits such as apples has grown. Today, São Joaquim is the largest producer of fruit in the state, with over 1000 small producers. Tourism is also important for the town, which is one of the coldest places in Brazil and sometimes receives fall of snow flakes, something lacking in the vast majority of Brazil (although refreezed snow, that by itself is not present in most of Brazil, seldom happens in many tropical areas such as about half of Southeastern Brazil). The town is also known for its wines, such as Villa Francioni, Joaquim, Quinta da Neve, Núbio and Suzin, which are reaching international recognition, especially in East Asia.
Geography and climate.
Situated 1,353 meters above sea level, São Joaquim is one of the highest cities in the country, as the altitude of the municipal seat. The climate of the city is temperate ("Cfb"), with cool summers and low winter temperatures - the mercury has already scored in the winter of 1991, and the record of the city - the records in Brazil are from in the municipality of Caçador, and unofficially in Morro da Igreja (Church Hill), in the neighboring municipality of Urubici. In summer the highest temperature ever recorded was . Along with Urupema in the state, and São José dos Ausentes in Rio Grande do Sul, it is the coldest city of Brazil, with average annual temperature of . The hottest month is January with an average temperature of while the coldest month is July with an average of . During the months of winter, it is common the occurrence of frost and occasionally in the cold days of more intense rainfall of snow, that however does not appear many times a year and seldom is intense, because of its relatively low latitude, that is lacking to provide conditions for more abundant and more frequent snowfalls.

</doc>
<doc id="21410398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410398" title="Alexander McFarland">
Alexander McFarland

Alexander McFarland (or possibly Alexander McFarlan) was a Michigan politician.
Political life.
McFarland was elect for the 1st Ward, Alderman twice back to back beginning in 1861. He was elected as mayor of the City of Flint in 1875 serving a 1-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="21410399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410399" title="Telesarchus of Samos">
Telesarchus of Samos

In "The Histories" of Herodotus, Telesarchus (, "Telesarkhos") is a 6th-century BC aristocrat who plays a role in the political upheavals of Samos during its conquest by Darius and the Persians.
A story of power struggles.
After the tyrant Polycrates was killed following talks with the Persians, his secretary Maeandrius seizes power over Samos but attempts to restore a democratic form of government (ἰσονομίη, "rule of equals"). Telesarchus, representing the aristocratic faction, asserts that Maeandrius is "not fit to rule" and accuses him of fiscal impropriety. To silence his criticism, Maeandrius arrests him. Nothing further is heard from Telesarchus, but the confrontation causes Maeandrius to become aware of and fear an opposition movement. He arrests a number of aristocrats on suspicion, abandons his efforts toward democratic reform, and resolves to hold power as a tyrant: "Telesarchus' contemptuous refusal of democracy thus produces exactly what it endeavours to prevent: the rule of Maeandrius."
The opinion that Telesarchus has of Maeandrius may be unwarranted; Herodotus says that Maeandrius's intention was "to become the most righteous of men," and Telesarchus's characterization of him as a scoundrel (ὄλεθρος, 3.142.5) is contradicted by his actions up to that point. At the same time, neither man has a clear view of what the political situation requires in the face of the Persian threat. Maeandrius appears to be more interested in asserting himself as the liberator of Samos than in actually securing liberty. In its examination of the complex dynamics and psychology of power, the account in Herodotus can be read as "one of his many political essays."
The story is replete with political irony. Despite Maeandrius's efforts to impose order, the political dispute leaves the Samians too disorganized to resist the Persians. When the Samian aristocrats oppose Maeandrius and his offer to become their liberator, they are arrested and subsequently killed; Herodotus remarks dryly that "apparently they did not want to be free." The Persians who conquer the island are led by Otanes, a champion of democracy, who nevertheless places Samos under the tyrannical rule of Syloson, brother of Polycrates and a traitor to his fellow Samians. It is possible that Telesarchus is a composite created by Herodotus to represent a point of view; his name can be translated as "End-Rule."
A political fable.
Marcel Detienne, a specialist in the anthropological approach to Greek culture, writing with Jesper Svenbro, uses the story of Maeandrius and Telesarchus in conjunction with Aesopic fable to explore the theme of "the wolf longing for the city," summarizing the account in Herodotus as:
In his opposition, Telesarchus seems to recognize the paradox of "wolf turned lawgiver," the appropriation of power through appearing to offer its redistribution, but his aristocratic status causes him to attack Maeandrius on the basis of his inferior birth.

</doc>
<doc id="21410417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410417" title="Apes &amp; Androids">
Apes &amp; Androids

Apes & Androids was an electro pop band formed in 2007 and based in New York, United States. It includes former members of Call Florence Pow. The band has become known for its extravagant live shows which includes dancers dressed as zombies and their mix of glam rock and electro pop. Their debut album "Blood Moon" was released in 2008.
Apes & Androids disbanded in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21410424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410424" title="Martha Bernays">
Martha Bernays

Martha Bernays (26 July 1861, in Hamburg – 2 November 1951, in London) was the wife of Austrian psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud. 
Bernays was the second daughter of Emmeline and Berman Bernays. Her paternal grandfather Isaac Bernays was a Chief Rabbi of Hamburg. Sigmund Freud and Bernays met in April 1882 and after a four year engagement (1882–1886) they got married on 14 September 1886 in Hamburg.
Freud and Bernays’s love letters sent during the engagement years, according to Freud's official biographer Ernest Jones, who read all the letters, "would be a not unworthy contribution to the great love literature of the world." Freud and Bernays had six children: Mathilde (b. 1887), Jean-Martin (b. 1889), Oliver (b. 1891), Ernst (b. 1892), Sophie (b. 1893), and Anna (b. 1895). Bernays’s younger sister, Minna Bernays, is known to be one of Sigmund’s friends – she is also speculated to have been Freud's mistress. This claim was controversial at first but the publication of a hotel log has prompted some Freud scholars, including his defender Peter Gay, to regard the conjecture of Freud and Minna having an affair as probably accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="21410449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410449" title="Mark Vines">
Mark Vines

Mark Vines (born February 23, 1957 in Richmond, Virginia, United States) is an American former tennis player. He won one singles title, the Paris Indoors tournament in 1981. Vines reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 110 in April 1982.
Tennis career.
In addition to his win in Paris, Vines reached the semi-finals of the doubles in the same tournament and the third round of the 1981 US Open.
In recent years, Vines has achieved much success on the senior tour, reaching No. 3 in the M55 circuit in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21410453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410453" title="All-time Chicago Fire S.C. roster">
All-time Chicago Fire S.C. roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Chicago Fire since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1998. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21410456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410456" title="Andreas Duhm">
Andreas Duhm

Andreas Duhm (22 August 1883, Göttingen – 23 November 1975, Heidelberg) was a German–Swiss chess master.
Born in Göttingen, Germany, he was the younger brother of Hans Duhm and Dietrich Duhm. His father, Bernhard Duhm, was a professor for Protestant theology (Old Testament) in Göttingen and Basel, Switzerland. Andreas studied theology too.
He won three Swiss Chess Championships at Bern 1900, St. Gallen 1901 (jointly with Pestalozzi, Hans Duhm, and Meyer), and at Basel 1913. He also won at Karlsruhe 1911, Kitzingen 1913 ("triangular"), and Heidelberg 1913 (followed by Solomon Rosenthal, Dietrich Duhm, etc.), and tied for 4-5th with Alexander Ilyin-Genevsky at Montreux 1914 (SUI-ch, D. Duhm and Moriz Henneberger won), and took 4th at Baden-Baden 1921 (the 3rd "Badischen Kongress", "quadrangular", D. Duhm won).

</doc>
<doc id="21410488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410488" title="Hana Yori Dango Returns">
Hana Yori Dango Returns

Hana Yori Dango Returns () is a Japanese television drama series, broadcast on TBS in 2007. It is the sequel to 2005 Hana Yori Dango TV series, based on Japanese shōjo manga series, , written by Yoko Kamio, and followed by movie adaptation Hana Yori Dango Final.
Synopsis.
Hana Yori Dango returns for a second season, picking up a year after Domyouji left for New York. Tsukushi follows Tsukasa to New York to confront him about his behavior and the reason behind his shocking decision to give her a red tag for the second time. There, she gets lost and becomes prey to thieves and bad men. Suddenly a flashback takes us one month before she Tsukushi left for New York. She mentions that F4 had graduated and during their ceremony they donated a lounge to the cafeteria called the F4 lounge so that they could revisit the school. Later on Tsukushi mentions that she and Yuki are attending their junior high reunion. Once there she meets Jun Pei a student who is attending the same school as her and little did she know who is also in the same grade as her! Once she is back at school she meets Jun Pei but is unable to recognize him as he is wearing glasses and looks very nerdy. She and Jun Pei become friends quickly and soon after she finds out that Jun Pei is a model in disguise when he takes her to his work studio! He convinces her to take a photo with him telling her it wont be published but then does get published anyway. Soon after Tsukushi is served a red tag and finds out that Tsukasa had told one of the students to give it to her for old times sake. She is then challenged but everyone and while she struggles to fight Jun Pei comes to her rescue. Later when Tsukushi speaks with Rui he tells her she should go to New York and he will pay but she refuses and when she goes home that evening she finds out that her dad had won a ticket to New York for 3 days. She takes the ticket and we are brought back to the present where she becomes prey to thieves and suddenly Rui arrives and saves her in the nick of time and Soujiro and Akira arrive after. Tsukushi finds Tsukasa and speaks with him and she realizes that since he left Japan, he has indeed changed. Upset with his cold attitude, Tsukushi returned to Japan while the F3 remained to ask Tsukasa if he was really behind the red tag but this surprised Tsukasa! 
Upon returning to Japan Tsukushi is tortured at school because of the red tag but once again Jun Pei comes to her rescue and in the process reveals his identity as Jun the famous model. Jun tells Tsukushi that he will protect her but then when he leaves he tells his men to take her away and soon Tsukushi finds out that Jun is the bad guy trying to get hold of Tsukasa in order to get revenge for his friend who was beaten up severely by Tsukasa. During Jun's story Tsukushi manages to escape and is found by Tsukasa's sister Tsubaki who sends her men after Jun Pei. Later Tsukushi confesses to Tsubaki that she still loves Tsukasa but is unsure of what to do to get back with him since he's changed too much.
After a while Tsukushi is invited to Tsukasa's birthday party by his mother Kaede. Tsukushi decides to make him a present similar to the one she gave him when he left for New York and dresses up in a fancy dress which Tsubaki had bought for her. During her son's birthday party Kaede announces Tsukasa's engagement to Okawahara Shigeru, the only daughter of a Japanese oil magnate. After Kaede makes her announcement she embarrasses Tsukushi by calling her up on stage to play the piano which she is unable to do. She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him and he confronts her about the engagement telling her that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans. Tsukushi says it doesn't matter since they are no longer in a relationship and before she can complete what she was saying Kaede arrives and agrees with what Tsukushi had said followed by Shigeru who is shocked about the earlier events. Tsukasa then yells at his mother and tries to leave with Tsukushi but instead grabs Shigeru's arm and leaves with her. To make things complicated, Shigeru falls in love with Tsukasa after he grabs her arm and they get into a fight and befriends Tsukushi and decides to make her, her love adviser and confidante. Tsukushi, in an effort to deal with the painful events regarding her past love, immerses herself in her studies to get into law school with the help of Rui. As they grow closer, Rui realizes his true feelings for her. During this time Tsukushi finds out that her family is having money issues and she decides to take a second job in order to help her family with expenses but she finds it too exhausting and collapses during work. She is taken to the hospital and while Tsukasa is at a dinner with Shigeru and her family Nishida informs him about Tsukushi and he rushes off to see her. Just before Tsukasa enters Tsukushi's room he hears Rui's voice and leaves confused about why Rui is there. Later when Tsukushi wakes up she sees Rui realizing that he had stayed the night and when he awakes he kisses her and leaves. When Tsukushi finally gets discharged from the hospital and goes home she finds out that her father was fired and left with her mother to go to a nearby village to become a fisherman in order to earn income. Tsukushi starts packing her belongings and is notified by Yuki that she knows someone in her tea class who might have a place for her and her brother to stay at. They start living in an old building and find out that Tsukasa is living next to them since he had purchased the building and when Tsukushi and Tsukasa have a fight which results in him landing on top of her Shigeru suddenly arrives, sees them and runs out of the building.
Tsukushi tries to run after her but Tsukasa stops her telling her "not to go," she then tells him to leave and he does so. Then Tsukushi's brother Susumu asks Tsukasa for help on how to confess to a girl he met when he took his entrance exam. Tsukasa agrees and gets the rest of F4 to help. Unfortunately when Susumu confesses to the girl he likes, she refuses and he is heart broken. Meanwhile Tsukushi is out searching for Susumu since it is so late and eventually finds him with Tsukasa, she yells at Tsukasa telling him that he's causing problems in her life and suddenly he confesses to her saying that he wants to date her again. She runs off and back at home Susumu tells her that she should at least inform Rui about she and Tsukasa since he deserves to know. Tsukushi tries phoning Rui but hangs up because she was afraid and didn't know what to say, after hearing her hang up the phone Rui gets into his car and drives to her place. Soon after Nishida, the company secretary, finally reveals the real reason for Tsukasa's change of behavior which leaves Tsukushi confused. After her talk with Nishida, Tsukushi sees Rui waiting outside her house to talk to her. He eventually leaves and a little afterwards Tsukasa ends up in Tsukushi's room since Susumu wants to use his room to study and the two end up in a fight which results huge damage to Tsukushi's room adding humour to the episode. She ends up living in the Domyouji mansion and working as a maid thanks to Tsubaki's help and she befriends Tama, an old housekeeper of the Domyouji clan while Susumu goes to stay with her parents. After realising that she's in between Tsukasa and Tsukushi, Shigeru eventually breaks off the engagement to Tsukasa. This results in his disinheritance and further worsens the crisis faced by the Domyouji World Finance Group. Later, Kaede Domyouji attempts to reconcile the Ohkawahara's consideration of the marriage, but is rebuffed in return. While Tsukushi and Tsukasa go on a cafe date, his card is declined because of his mother. After exiting the pet store, there stood Nishida who was on Tsukasa side all along, reveals he was dismissed. In an effort to save him and the employees of the company, Makino unwillingly breaks up with him and follows her family to a fishing village to start a new life. Tsukasa goes after her, however. There, he gets into an accident after saving Susumu, Makino's younger brother, and develops amnesia. Her attempts at helping him revive his memories are thwarted by Umi, a patient in the same hospital where Domyouji had been admitted. In one occasion, Susumu advises Makino to make something. The next day, while Tsukasa is still fast asleep, Makino pays him a visit and makes an effort to hypnotize him using the necklace once given to her. Umi, drops by to exchange some of the flowers in his room, next to Tsukasa laid a basket wrapped within inside were cookies shaped like Tsukasa's face. He reaches in to eat one of them, he recalls that "they taste like love." He began to question if "Umi" was the person he can't remember. A little hesitant Umi smiles and gives him a kiss. The next day Tsukushi visits his room once again, only to find the room vacant. Confused by this, she panics, but Rui reassures that he'll take her to Tsukasa's house. As soon as she enters, she sees Umi in Tsukasa's room. While Umi makes tea, Tsukasa and Tsukushi argue, which results her to throw the saturn pearl necklace towards him. Umi privately speaks to Tsukushi and tells her never come to the house again, because of Tsukushi's presence upsets Tsukasa in a way. Makino decides to give up and tell Yuki and the F3 that she's at her limit and how Umi lied about those cookies. F3 then, making an attempt so that Tsukasa can remember Tsukushi, goes to a skiing resort inviting Tsukasa, Tsukushi and Yuki with them. To the surprise of the F3 and Tsukushi, Tsukasa is accompanied by Umi. Umi is now acting as if she is Tsukasa's typical girlfriend and shows people that she's really close with him. Akira, surprised asks Tsukasa about Umi's presence. Later in the evening, Tsukasa in his room is messed up and was in a thought as to why people are rooting him to remember Tsukushi. Tsukasa then suspecting Umi shouts at her telling her that all this time she lied to him. Umi accepts that she lied to him about the cookies, raged Tsukasa then leaves the room. On the oher hand Tsukushi wasn't able to find Yuki and asks Umi if she had seen her. Frustrated Umi tells her that she's gone to the summit of the hill to retrieve something she lost whereas Yuki was just taking a dip in the hot springs. In an attempt to find Yuki she goes to the summit where she is lost and blizzard is developed. Then F3 and Yuki realises that Umi lied to Tsukushi and now Tsukushi is in the blizzard. Overhearing the whole conversation, Tsukasa himself not knowing, runs after Tsukushi in the blizzard in an attempt to save her.
After saving Makino from being frozen to death in a blizzard, Tsukushi asks him whether now he remembers her or not, he replies that he didn't know what he was doing but when he came to know that Tsukushi can die due to bad weather out in the blizzard, his body took over and also says he's still not able to remember her. Tsukasa finally remembers her as the "first girl he has ever fallen in love with" after developing a fever, as the circumstances were similar to their disastrous first date in season 1. He then proposes to her after her prom, with their friends and the rest of the Eitoku students cheering them on. The series ends with Tsukushi and Tsukasa meeting up for their date at Yebisu Garden place, this time as an engaged couple.
Reception.
Episode Ratings.
Source: Video Research, Ltd.
Awards and nominations.
52nd Television Drama Academy Awards 
International Broadcast.
In the Philippines the drama aired under the title "Hana Yori Dango 2" on the GMA Network.

</doc>
<doc id="21410489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410489" title="Pitsligo Castle">
Pitsligo Castle

Pitsligo Castle is a ruined castle half a mile east of Rosehearty, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It was described by W. Douglas Simpson as one of the nine castles of the Knuckle, referring to the rocky headland of north-east Aberdeenshire.
It originated as a 15th-century keep. There is an arched gateway in the west wall of the outer court, with the date 1656 and the arms of the Forbes and Erskines. In the inner court the date is shown as 1663. At the north-east angle of the courtyard there is a tall flanking drum-tower. The main tower had three vaulted stories, but almost all above the lowest has disappeared. There is a stair tower at the north-east corner which is better preserved. There are panels dated 1577 over the courtyard doorway.
It is listed by Historic Scotland as a Category A listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="21410501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410501" title="Narg">
Narg

Narg (; also known as Ark and Nark) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families. 
Narg may also refer to "Yes" in the zystonial dialect. 
References.
Narg may also refer to "No" in the zystonial dialect

</doc>
<doc id="21410506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410506" title="Dietrich Duhm">
Dietrich Duhm

Dietrich Duhm (1880, Göttingen – 22 July 1954, Gailingen am Hochrhein) was a German–Swiss chess master.
Born in Göttingen, Germany, he was the brother of Hans Duhm and Andreas Duhm. His father, Bernhard Duhm, was a professor for Protestant theology (Old Testament) in Göttingen and Basel, Switzerland. Dietrich studied theology too.
He twice won Swiss Chess Championship at Schaffhausen 1907 (jointly with Paul Johner and Kunz) and at Montreux 1914 (jointly with Moriz Henneberger). He tied for 3rd-5th, behind Andreas Duhm and Solomon Rosenthal, at Heidelberg 1913, and won at Baden-Baden 1921 (the 3rd "Badischen Kongress", "quadrandular").

</doc>
<doc id="21410519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410519" title="Shapoor Zadran">
Shapoor Zadran

Shapoor Zadran (born 7 March 1985) is an Afghan cricketer. Zadran is a left-handed batsman who bowls left-arm fast-medium. Zadran currently plays for the Afghanistan national cricket team.
National Team.
Zadran made his debut for Afghanistan against Chitral in the 2003/4 Inter-District Senior Tournament. His international debut for the side came against Oman in the 2004 ACC Trophy. Zadran also represented Afghanistan in the 2006 ACC Trophy, playing a single against Bahrain, in the final which Afghanistan lost by 3 wickets.
In 2007, he made his List-A debut for Badureliya Cricket Club in against Chilaw Marians Cricket Club in Sri Lanka, playing a single match for the club in the 2007/8 Premier Limited Overs Tournament.
In 2007 he made his Twenty20 debut for Afghanistan in the 2007 ACC Twenty20 Cup against Qatar, playing 3 matches in the tournament, including in the final against Oman which ended in a tie.
Zadran was part of the rapidly rising Afghan team that from 2008 to 2009 won the World Cricket League Division Five, Division Four and Division Three, thus promoting them to Division Two and allowing them to partake in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier, where they gained ODI status.
In 2009, Zadran made his first-class debut for Afghanistan in the Intercontinental Cup against a Zimbabwe XI in which Afghanistan drew the match. To date he has played 4 first-class matches for Afghanistan.
Zadran made his One Day International debut against the Netherlands during Afghanistan's tour of the Netherlands in 2009, where he took 4/24 from 10 overs. Despite this, Afghanistan lost the match by 8 runs.
Later, in November 2009 he was a member of Afghanistan's 2009 ACC Twenty20 Cup winning squad. In 2010 made his full Twenty20 International debut against Ireland in the 2010 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Sri Lanka. Later on in February 2010, Zadran was a key member of Afghanistan's victorious 2010 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier winning squad and was later named in Afghanistan's squad for the 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
In April 2010, Zadran was a key member of Afghanistan's 2010 ACC Trophy Elite winning squad which defeated Nepal in the final, with Zadran taking a single wicket for the cost of just 11 runs from 7 overs.
He was part of Afghanistan squad in the T20 World Cup 2012 in Sri Lanka and looked impressive.
Khulna Royal Bengals.
Shahpoor Zadran represented Khulna Royal Bengals in BPL (Bangladesh Premier League) in the 2013 season. Although his team didn't reach the finals and finished bottom of the group, Shahpoor was quite sensational. He was the most effective bowler of his team. In eight matches that he played in group stages, Shapoor took ten wickets with economy of 6.25. 

</doc>
<doc id="21410544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410544" title="1934 St. Louis Gunners season">
1934 St. Louis Gunners season

The 1934 St. Louis Gunners season was their sole season in the league. The team won its first game before losing its final two. 
On August 8, 1934, before the start of the NFL season, St. Louis purchased the NFL's Cincinnati Reds for $20,000. However the Gunners needed the other league owners to approve the sale. Only then would the Gunners would be official members. On August 17, the other owners decided to reject the Gunners bid to buy the Reds, probably because St. Louis was too far removed from the rest of the clubs, all in the Northeast, and yearly trips there would have increased travel expenses. Meanwhile the Gunners declined membership into the minor league American Football League. As a result, the new league decided to form the St. Louis Blues. Gunners GM Bud Yates was credited with founding the team. The Blues even lured Dick Frahm away from the Gunners and even took over the lease of Public Schools Stadium. As a result, the Gunners moved their home games to Sportsman's Park. Meanwhile Chile Walsh became the team's fourth head coach in four years. 
The Gunners started their 1934 season, 5–0 against several semi-pro teams. The team was searching desperately for decent teams to compete against. However on November 6, 1934, the NFL finally approved the sale of the Cincinnati Reds to St. Louis for $20,000 – $30,0000. The Gunners were now officially members of the NFL and were invited to play the Reds last 3 games of the 1934 NFL season. The Blues then moved to Kansas City two days later in order to avoid fighting the Gunners for control of the St. Louis fanbase.

</doc>
<doc id="21410568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410568" title="Louis Bauman">
Louis Bauman

Louis Sylvester Bauman (November 13, 1875 – November 8, 1950) was a Brethren minister, writer, and Bible conference speaker, holding influential leadership in the Brethren Church and the "Grace Brethren" movement which evenly divided the denomination in 1939. He served in several pastorates, in particular the First Brethren Church of Long Beach, California where he was pastor for thirty-four years (1913–1947). Bauman held to traditional Brethren views regarding baptism, communion, and nonresistance, but also held to evangelical convictions regarding missions, and premillennial dispensationalism, with the latter views becoming foundational beliefs of Grace Brethren.
Biography.
Early life.
Bauman was born in Nora Springs, Iowa to William and Amelia (Leckington) Bauman. In 1878 his family moved to the Morrill, Kansas area. His father was a German Baptist Brethren (as all Schwarzenau Brethren were known as before 1881/82) elder, and Bauman joined the Pony Creek Brethren congregation through a revival held by his father in February 1889. Bauman came from humble beginnings, with both parents at times employed to meet the needs of their four children (Bauman had three sisters). He received his high school education in Lawrence, Kansas and obtained no education higher except for an honorary degree from Ashland College.
He married Mary M. Wageman on April 28, 1898. They had three children: Glenn W., Iva Muriel, and Paul R. Glenn died at age six (ca. 1907), which spurred Bauman's reading of Biblical prophecies and his thought development toward dispensationalism. His wife Mary died on September 12, 1909, and he remarried to Reta Virginia Stover on April 8, 1912. Bauman and Stover first met at an evangelistic campaign in Sunnyside, Washington in 1911, where Brethren leader and Grace Seminary founder Alva J. McClain was converted to Christianity.
Early Ministry.
Bauman gave his first sermon at age seventeen on July 2, 1893 at the Pony Creek (Kansas) Brethren Church. He was ordained in the Brethren Church August 4, 1894, and was pastor of the Auburn and Cornell, Illinois, Illinois congregations from 1895 to 1897 followed by pastorates at Roann and Mexico, Indiana congregations from 1897 to 1900.
Philadelphia.
In 1900 Bauman began a pastorate at the First Brethren Church of Philadelphia, a place where his interest in foreign missions and eschatology would bloom. There he met brothers Jacob C. and H.C. Cassel who both had passions for mission work. He became a charter member of the Foreign Missionary Society of the Brethren Church in 1900, in 1904 became a member of its board of trustees, and in 1906 became the board's secretary. Bauman served in the last position until 1945. In a Philadelphia streetcar Bauman led James Gribble to Christianity, who along with his wife Dr. Florence Gribble became pioneer missionaries to the African French colony of Ubangi-Shari (which in 1960 became the Central African Republic).
Bauman's interest in eschatology was greatly impacted by a well known Brethren premillennialist and through the grieving process of losing his oldest son. Isaac D. Bowman was Bauman’s predecessor at the Philadelphia church, published writer, and open premillennialist. Bowman and Bauman remained in close contact throughout their lifetimes, although Bowman’s theological views were more traditionally Brethren, and remained with the Ashland Brethren group in the 1939 division. The death of Bauman’s son Glenn brought a devoted reading to prophetic texts of the Bible. In his eulogy of Bauman, longtime Long Beach Brethren Church assistant pastor Alan S. Pearce summarizes the experience.
When [Bauman's] firstborn son, Glenn, was taken to be with the Lord, at the age of 6, doubts arose in the mind of Louis Bauman. Why should his boy be taken, while others who got their food from garbage cans in the alleys remain? Why should his boy be taken from him? Determined to get an answer, he was driven, as never before, to the unchangeable "word of God, which liveth and abideth forever." Here he found not only consolation and assurance, but became fascinated with the book of Daniel, he read and reread the prophecies contained in this portion of the Scriptures, and comparing them with other Scriptures, he was convinced that only a God who knew the end from the beginning could be the author of the Bible.
While in Philadelphia Bauman wrote the first edition of his magnum opus "The Faith Once for All Delivered unto the Saints," at slightly over 100 pages details his traditional Brethren beliefs along with his developed interest. See: Theology.
Long Beach.
For the majority of his career, 1913 to 1948, Bauman was pastor of "Fifth and Cherry" First Brethren Church of Long Beach (California). This congregation began in 1911 by a request from Brethren Church member and Long Beach resident Niels C. "Daddy" Nielsen, who wished to have a church of his denomination in his home town. On October 13, 1912 Bauman along with B.P. Stout held an evangelistic tent meeting on the southeast corner of Tenth Street and Walnut Avenue, where seventy-one individuals converted to Christianity and forty-nine expressed interest to become members of a Brethren Church in Long Beach. Bauman fulfilled several evangelistic campaign commitments that winter and returned as pastor on March 2, 1913 as a church building was being built, which was dedicated on July 20 of that year.
This congregation quickly became a hub for missionary activity, the development of young Brethren leadership, and in time what became the "Grace Brethren" movement. Bauman was instrumental in developing young Brethren Church leaders within his theological perspective. Having been in connection with R. A. Torry of the Bible Institute of Los Angeles (BIOLA) Bauman encouraged many young men to attend dispensationalist BIOLA, teach Sunday School classes at Bauman's Long Beach church, then go throughout Brethren congregations and organizations. Alva J. McClain and R. Paul Miller followed this model, and others such as Homer A Kent, Sr. (who went to Ashland College then to dispensationalist Xenia Theological Seminary) followed similar paths.
In this time Bauman became a prolific writer (see Selected Works). He wrote over ten books, contributed regularly to magazines in both the fundamentalist and Brethren perspectives, and spoke at numerous churches and conferences. The majority of Bauman's writings were on end times prophecy, looking at current events of his time and how they may relate to the Bible through the classic dispensationalist perspective. Bauman's method have since been repeated by authors Hal Lindsey of "The Late Great Planet Earth" fame and Tim LaHaye, co-author of the "Left Behind" series. Bauman also wrote countless letters, mostly to missionaries encouraging their work and to fellow pastors concerning both personal regards and issues within the Brethren Church.
As the Long Beach church grew in size and influence, it brought the fundamentalism movement into the Brethren Church, creating tension and disagreement among Bauman's group and those who held to traditional Brethren theology and approach. The Brethren Church had rejected classical liberal theology in 1921, in large part by Bauman's influence, with "The Message of the Brethren Ministry," written by J. Allen Miller and Alva J. McClain. However the aggressive approach of fundamentalism conflicted with the drawn out approach of traditional Brethrenism. The fundamentalist desired strongly worded statements of faith, the traditional Brethren stressed non-creedalism. The fundamentalist's classic dispensationalist belief largely disregarded the Sermon on the Mount as a law for an earlier age, while the traditional Brethren statement "the New Testament is our Rule of Faith and Practice" placed a high emphasis on this passage in Matthew 5-7. The fundamentalist were largely Calivinist, the traditional Brethren largely Arminian.
This tension finally erupted in 1936-37 with a growing controversy at Ashland College. Although the school was in the control of the Brethren Church, it was transitioning from a Christian denominational school to a secular school with more regional and less denominational focus. Because of a push to enlarge non-Brethren representation on the board of trustees and establish a "double standard" of conduct for regular college students and pre-seminary college students, Bauman and Charles Ashman, Sr. (1886–1967) resigned from the Ashland College board of trustees on June 1, 1937. The next day, professors Alva J. McClain and Herman Hoyt were fired from Ashland Seminary due to increasing tension between the college group and the seminary group. At a prayer meeting in the home of J.C. Beal that evening Grace Theological Seminary was born, where after prayer Bauman announced "I want to give the first gift to the new school."
In the next two years two groups emerged in the Brethren Church: those sympathetic with Ashland College and those sympathetic with Grace Seminary. Traditional Brethren, in part because of their drawn out approach and in part due to their distaste of fundamentalist theology, sided with Ashland College, while the fundamentalist led by Bauman and McClain, sided with Grace. In 1939, the Grace Seminary group formed the National Fellowship of Brethren Churches.
Later Ministry.
After serving at Long Beach, Bauman went on to be pastor at the First Brethren Church of Washington, D.C. until his death in 1950. Up until his death he remained a prolific writer and dominant voice in the developing Grace Brethren movement. He was buried on what would have been his 75th birthday in the Germantown Cemetery, the Brethren "Mother Congregation" church cemetery located in Germantown, Pennsylvania. Many prominent Brethren, including founder Alexander Mack, are buried at this cemetery.
Theology.
Bauman held strongly to beliefs (and concerns) of other early twentieth century fundamentalist, being deeply against classic liberalism and consumed with end times prophecy. He believed that Benito Mussolini was the anti-Christ, and was a strong Zionist. However, unlike other fundamentalist of his time, he also held to many, although arguably not all, of the pietistic and Anabaptist influenced distinctives of his Brethren tradition. This unique mixture (or what later would become tension among Grace Brethren themselves) is laid out in "The Faith Once for All Delivered unto the Saints." In this work Bauman lays out his convictions in four sections, the first (Basic Doctrine) and last (Prophetic Doctrine) being very fundamentalist in nature and the middle two (The Great Commission and Practical Doctrine) distinctively Brethren.
Several of Bauman's fundamentalist perspectives did create strong disagreement among many of his Brethren Church peers and along with the events at Ashland College brought about the denominational split of the late nineteen thirties. The Sermon on the Mount of Matthew 5-7, a foundational passage for Brethren and Anabaptist groups in general, was viewed by Bauman in a classical dispensationalism framework as a passage intended for the Jews and not the New Testament gospel intended for the Church in the "Age of Grace." Bauman said regarding the Sermon on the Mount that "there's no gospel in it because there's no blood in it." At the height of conflict between "Ashland" and "Grace" Brethren groups, Bauman wrote: We hold in common with our Brethren of The Grace Seminary Group that The Sermon on the Mount, coming from the lips of the incarnate God, is the highest, holiest, purest, most perfect "law" that ever has fallen, or ever will fall, upon ears of men. It is the law of the Kingdom of Heaven...The Gospel of salvation calls for blood atonement; for a belief in the deity of Jesus Christ, the Son of God; and, for faith in the resurrection of Christ from the dead--not one word of which doctrines are found in the Sermon on The Mount.

</doc>
<doc id="21410574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410574" title="Christopherson Business Travel">
Christopherson Business Travel

Christopherson Business Travel is a corporate Travel Management Company headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah and founded in 1953.
Christopherson is the largest travel agency in Utah, and the largest national travel affiliate of BCD Travel, with US$380 million in annual sales (2013) and 325 employees.
Christopherson owns and operates Andavo Travel, a network of independent vacation travel agents.
The State of Utah currently lists Christopherson as its Contracted Travel Agency.
Christopherson Business Travel developed AirPortal, an integrated travel technology platform that houses the company’s proprietary technology, user dashboards, benchmarking and reporting tools, online booking tools, and mobile applications.
In 2012, Christopherson Business Travel developed and released AirPortal 360, an intelligent dashboard for travel managers, which grants access to Christopherson's collection of corporate travel management software. The technology was designed to assist in the reduction of corporate travel spend, facilitate duty of care responsibilities, keep track of unused tickets, access traveler profiles, and ensure policy compliance. In conjunction with their AirPortal 360 software release, Christopherson also released, My Travel, a similarly customized dashboard with specific tools for individual business travelers. In 2013, the company developed and released AirPortal 360 Mobile, the first app created for travel managers to manage their travel programs from mobile devices.
History.
Christopherson Business Travel was originally founded by Merrill and Lucille Christopherson in 1953. In 1981, Michael A. Cameron and his wife, Camille, purchased a part-ownership position from the original founders and owners. By March 1990 the Cameron’s had purchased 100 percent of the company.
In January 2008, the company merged with Andavo Travel, creating one of the top 20 U.S. travel management companies.
Effective March 2010, Michael A. Cameron and his wife Camille purchased the business and vacation travel divisions of Andavo Travel. The business travel division of the combined company is now branded and marketed nationally as Christopherson Business Travel. The vacation travel and independent contractor division is branded under Andavo Travel.
At the end of 2013, Christopherson acquired Alabama-based All Seasons Travel. The combined $380 million company employs more than 300 travel professionals and will conduct business under the Christopherson name, with Mike Cameron continuing as CEO.
Christopherson is currently ranked #11 out of the top travel management companies in the United States by "Business Travel News", a top publication of the corporate travel industry. BTN’s annual Business Travel Survey measures the performance of suppliers in all corporate travel segments.
Locations.
Christopherson Business Travel has corporate offices in five locations:

</doc>
<doc id="21410579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410579" title="Chesson's index">
Chesson's index

Chesson's Index refers to a lookup table of feeding selectivity described by Jean Chesson in the early 1980s. This index is intended to show whether a preference for a food item or resource exists by comparing the availability and use of that food item. The use of this index has been widespread with more than 400 citations in the scientific literature.

</doc>
<doc id="21410580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410580" title="Robles Park">
Robles Park

Robles Park is a neighborhood within the district of Tampa Heights, which represents District 5 of the Tampa City Council. Demographically, The neighborhood did not report separately. 
Robles Park is located at latitude 27.974 north and longitude 82.453 west. The elevation is 36 feet above sea level. The small neighborhood straddles between Florida and Nebraska Avenues and is mostly made up of a public housing complex known as Robles Park Village. It also contains a park and a collection of small single family home surrounding the public housing 

</doc>
<doc id="21410592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410592" title="Edward Hughes Thomson">
Edward Hughes Thomson

Edward Hughes Thomson was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
On June 15, 1810, Thomson was born in Kendal, Westmorland, England. He became a lawyer and practiced out of Millard Fillmore's Buffalo law office.
Political life.
He served as Lapeer County's and Genesee County's Prosecuting Attorney. Became a Michigan State Senator in 1848 for the 6th district then Genesee County 1st District Michigan Representative from 1859 to 1860. He enlisted as a colonel in the Union Army during the Civil War. He was elected as mayor of the City of Flint in 1877 serving a 1-year term.
Death.
Thomson died on February 2, 1886 in Flint, Michigan and is buried in Glenwood Cemetery, Flint.

</doc>
<doc id="21410605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410605" title="François Villiers">
François Villiers

François Villiers (2 March 1920 – 29 January 2009) Chevalier of the Legion of Honor was a French film director. He was responsible for several films, from "Hans le marin" in 1949, to "Manika, une vie plus tard", in 1989, which won the Prix du Public at Cannes.
Family.
He was the younger brother of actor Jean-Pierre Aumont and uncle of Tina Aumont. His mother's uncle was well-known stage actor .

</doc>
<doc id="21410628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410628" title="144th meridian west">
144th meridian west

The meridian 144° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 144th meridian west forms a great circle with the 36th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 144th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21410631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410631" title="Baba Diawara">
Baba Diawara

Papa Babacar 'Baba' Diawara (born 5 January 1988) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Levante UD on loan from Sevilla FC in Spain, as a striker.
Football career.
Marítimo.
Born in Dakar, Diawara started his career with Senegal Premier League club ASC Jeanne d'Arc, moving to Europe aged just 19 to sign for C.S. Marítimo, in Madeira, Portugal. Having risen to prominence in the club's B-team, he made his debut for the main squad late into the 2007–08 season, appearing in the second half of a 1–1 home draw against C.F. Estrela da Amadora.
Promoted to the first team the following summer, Diawara scored ten goals in the 2008–09 campaign, in 25 top flight games. His form attracted the attention of several clubs, including fellow league side Sporting Clube de Portugal, Greek team Olympiacos F.C. and Scotland's Heart of Midlothian, with the latter however being put off by Marítimo's £2.5 million (€2.75 million) valuation of the player.
On 12 August 2009, Diawara made his international debut for Senegal, in a friendly against Congo DR. 
Diawara bettered his individual totals to 11 goals in 2010–11, with Marítimo finishing in ninth position. Scottish Premier League club Celtic came close to signing him in August 2011, but the deal collapsed on the last day of the transfer window due to visa issues.
Diawara netted ten goals in only 15 matches in the first half of the 2011–12 season, including the last-minute winner at Sporting in a 3–2 win.
Sevilla.
On 17 January 2012 Diawara signed with Sevilla FC in Spain, penning a four 1/2-year contract. He made his La Liga debut on the 29th, coming on as a substitute for José Antonio Reyes late into the first half of a 1–2 away loss against Málaga CF.
On 17 April 2012, Diawara scored the opening goal in the new National Stadium in Warsaw, during a friendly with local Legia Warsaw. He added another in a 2–0 win.

</doc>
<doc id="21410637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410637" title="Ashley Cavender-Jones">
Ashley Cavender-Jones

Ashley Cavender-Jones (born 4 July 1989) is a British teenage star. He is most famous for his role as Rick in the series "Bus Life".
Ashley also acted in Wondrous Oblivion" as blond boy, as well as a 6-month spell at London's National Theatre in "The Coast of Utopia"
Ashley Cavender-Jones currently attends Northumbria University in Newcastle Upon Tyne studying Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="21410644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410644" title="Forest Glen Annex">
Forest Glen Annex

The Forest Glen Annex is a U.S. Army installation in the Forest Glen neighborhood of Silver Spring, Maryland, USA. It is situated between Brookville Road and Linden Lane. Since 1999, the Annex has been the site of the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) and the Naval Medical Research Center (NMRC), along with smaller units. In addition to the large research laboratories located in the Annex’s "Daniel K. Inouye Building" (Building 503), the post includes a commissary, post exchange, arts & crafts center, veterinary treatment facility, outdoor recreation resource center and a Fisher House. There are also football, baseball, and picnicing fields. In 2011, in accordance with the most recent Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) recommendations, the Forest Glen Annex became home to the National Museum of Health and Medicine (NMHM) as well as a "Joint Center of Excellence in Infectious Disease Research". The post exchange has closed and will be the future site of the JPC, or Joint Pathology Center. (A new PX is under construction at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center (WRNMMC) in nearby Bethesda, scheduled for completion in late 2012.)
The Forest Glen property was acquired by the Army during the World War II era. Formerly known as the “Walter Reed Forest Glen Annex”, after many decades under the tenancy of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC) in Washington, DC, authority over the facility was transferred on 1 October 2008 to the Installation Commander, Fort Detrick, Maryland.
The Forest Glen Annex campus includes the National Park Seminary Historic District which is being redeveloped separately from the military area. The associated Glen Haven housing area in nearby Wheaton, also now owned by Fort Detrick, has 240 quarters for enlisted soldiers and for officers in grades O-1 through O-3.
History.
The land on which the Forest Glen Annex now stands was originally part of a huge tract belonging to the influential Carroll family of colonial times, which lived nearby. During the Civil War, the land was owned by Alfred Ray, a southern sympathizer. In July 1864, Ray allowed the troops of Confederate General Jubal Early to encamp on his land, before sallying down nearby Brookville Road for an unsuccessful raid on Washington, D.C., which ended in the Battle of Fort Stevens. Ray spent time in a federal prison for his action. During the period 1887 to 1894, the site was a short-lived hotel and casino, part of an ill-fated land development scheme. A prestigious finishing school, the “National Park Seminary”, occupied the site between 1894 and 1936, after which a women's junior college, the “National Park College”, was located there between 1937 and 1942.
With U.S. involvement in World War II, the Army’s Walter Reed General Hospital needed more space for the convalescence and rehabilitation of returning veterans. Exerting its authority under the War Powers Act, it bought the “National Park College” for $800,000 in 1942. In addition, the Army bought a much larger area of over to the south of the school – then an operating dairy farm and a former tobacco plantation – which are now the operational portion of the installation.
From 1942 through 1977, the several buildings at the north end of the post housed the “Walter Reed Army Convalescent Center-Forest Glen Annex”, where Army providers treated soldiers wounded in Europe, Korea and Vietnam. Services included prosthetics, audiology, speech therapy, physical rehabilitation and a therapeutic art studio. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. When the last patient was discharged in 1977, the Army largely abandoned these buildings. In the late 1990s, U.S. Senator Paul Sarbanes directed that funds be used for site stabilization of the old National Park College. In 1999, the Army began taking formal steps to "excess" the area now known as the "National Park Seminary Historic District."

</doc>
<doc id="21410675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410675" title="Russell Hotel">
Russell Hotel

Russell Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21410687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410687" title="Comco">
Comco

Comco is the "de facto" name of an American company operating two Boeing 757 aircraft. Both aircraft are painted completely white with the word "Comco" appearing on the tail. Little is known about the exact nature of their operation, but they are believed to operate on behalf of the United States Department of Defense. Some sources, including the FAA registry, list defence contractor L-3 Communications (or more specifically "L-3 Capital LLC") as the owner of the aircraft. 
In 2003, one of the Comco aircraft was forced to land after being intercepted by aircraft from the Indian Air Force, after it had strayed into Indian airspace by mistake on a flight from Karachi to Malé.

</doc>
<doc id="21410691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410691" title="Hana Yori Dango Final">
Hana Yori Dango Final

Hana Yori Dango Final is a 2008 Japanese film, directed by Yasuharu Ishii, and starring Mao Inoue and Jun Matsumoto. The film is the last chapter of the "Hana Yori Dango" trilogy in Japan, based on Japanese shōjo manga series, , written by Yoko Kamio.
"Hana Yori Dango Final" was released in Japan on June 28, 2008 and was subsequently released in Hong Kong, Singapore and South Korea.
Plot.
Tsukasa Dōmyōji (Jun Matsumoto) and Tsukushi Makino (Mao Inoue) are driving through Nevada. Weeks prior, Tsukasa announced to the world that he was engaged to Tsukushi. He released an embarrassing picture of her eating noodles, angering her. As a result of the announcement, Tsukushi's family become targets of media attention.
Soon after, Tsukushi’s parents formally met with Kaede Dōmyōji (Mariko Kaga), Tsukasa’s mother, to discuss the wedding. Kaede presented Tsukushi with a tiara which grants endless love to the owner and her partner. At the Hotel Volver, the couple are about to kiss when a man crashes through the window and seizes the tiara. Tsukasa pursues the thief with Tsukushi far behind, but the thief manages to escape. Tsukushi and Tsukasa return to their room, where they notice that the window has been fixed. The staff claim they heard no disturbance, even though Tsukasa and the thief have created chaos throughout the hotel. After some investigation, Tsukasa's secretary Nishida (David Itō) informs him that the thief may be in Las Vegas. Tsukasa and Tsukushi secretly plan to go there.
Rui (Shun Oguri) phones Shizuka Tōdō (Mayumi Sada) just before her wedding. He states that he has many things to move on from. Tsukasa visits Rui to inform him of his plans. Rui asks why he did not contact Sōjirō Nishikado (Shota Matsuda) or Akira Mimasaka (Tsuyoshi Abe) instead, but Tsukasa tells him that they are busy.
Tsukushi and Tsukasa finally arrive in Las Vegas. They check into a motel before going to a casino, a location where Nishida told them the thief might be. They meet Shigeru Okawahara (Natsuki Katō), who reveals that she is seeing Kazu Kaburagi (Naohito Fujiki), the heir of a large company that owns the hotel where the tiara was stolen. Tsukasa questions Kaburagi; he says that he was told to pretend nothing happened at the Hotel- in return for his cooperation, five million USD was deposited into his account. Kaburagi claims he does not know the thief.
Back at the motel, Akira calls Tsukasa and informs him that the tiara will go on the black market in Hong Kong. Tsukushi and Tsukasa then plan to head there before Kaburagi arrives, saying that he heard about the auction. He gives them the five million to help them get the tiara back. Tsukushi and Tsukasa gamble the money at the roulette table in order to pay Kuburagi back. As the wheel is spinning, the two notice the thief and Tsukasa chases him by jumping over the table, causing the ball to land next to the winning space. The thief gets away and Tsukushi is thrown out of the casino for refusing to hand over the money. Outside, she reunites with Tsukasa and the rest of F4, who Tsukasa has called.
The five fly to Hong Kong in a private jet for the auction. They win the tiara back but Tsukushi sees Rui talking to the thief. She tells Tsukasa, but he does not believe her and the two fight. The next day, Tsukushi boards the private jet, finding Tsukasa already there. They are still on bad terms. A flight attendant serves them spiked champagne, the two pass out and the thief steals the tiara again.
They awake on an island where they wait for help. They realize that their wild goose chase around the world is similar to the story behind the tiara. After talking with Kaburagi about why he divorced his wife, Tsukushi asks Tsukasa what his dream is. He points at her. Just as Tsukushi is about to tell her dream in return, a helicopter arrives to pick them up. They arrive at an estate and confront the man who they saw at the auction. He reveals that the tiara plot is a ruse by their parents to ensure that their marriage would be happy. Everyone involved was part of the act. They finally marry in Ebisu, Tokyo.
One year later, Sōjirō is a renowned tea master releasing a book, Akira is meeting with his fellow underground men, and Tsukasa and Tsukushi are back on the uninhabited island. As they write "Love" on the beach, Tsukasa asks Tsukushi what her dream is; she places her hand over stomach and says that it has come true. Overjoyed, Tsukasa listens to her stomach. Meanwhile, Rui has finally moved on from Shizuka as he places a picture of Tsukushi and F4 on his windowsill.
Production.
Filming.
In August 2007, TBS announced that the "Hana Yori Dango" adaptation in Japan would end with a film. Filming was scheduled to take place overseas for about two months from January 2008 onwards. It was also announced that the series' chief director Yasuharu Ishii would return to direct the film, and the original manga artist Yoko Kamio would help Mikio Satake (the pen name of actor Takayuki Takuma) with the screenwriting.
Mao Inoue and Jun Matsumoto had traveled to Hong Kong from February 11 to 16, 2008 and then to Las Vegas on February 19; finishing on February 29, 2008. The cast had traveled 25,000 kilometers (approx. 16,000 miles) in between the two locations.
Music.
It was announced on May 2, 2008 that Jun Matsumoto's band Arashi would provide the movie's theme song, as they have also provided the theme songs for two previous television drama adaptations. Japanese singer Aiko was also to provide the insert song to the movie. Though the insert song was referred to as "Tsukushi's Theme Song" at the time of the announcement, it is officially titled "KissHug".
Release.
Promotion.
After a special press conference for the movie was held at the Nippon Budokan on June 23, 2008, it was announced that TBS was going to air a one-hour special on June 27, 2008 at 10:00 JST. The special consisted of a mini-episode, filmed before the press conference, that took place just before the story line of the movie, and a semi-live broadcast with Arashi performing the "Hana Yori Dango" theme song medley and the movie's primary cast members making an appearance as their respective characters.
When the movie was released in theaters, Mao Inoue and the cast of F4 flew in a Boeing 737-500 to visit Sapporo, Nagoya and Fukuoka on July 12, 2008 and Osaka and Tokyo on July 13, 2008 to meet with fans. Such a campaign was a first for a Japanese film.
Theatrical run.
The film opened on 400 screens across Japan. In the movie's first five days since its release, it was watched by approximately 1.35 million people, grossing more than 1.6 billion Japanese yen. It stayed at number one at the Japanese box office for three consecutive weekends and stayed in the top ten for ten weekends.
DVD release.
A month after the DVD release, the DVD achieved the second-highest opening week sales in Japanese movie history, ranking second on the list of 2008's top box office hits. It sold 13,000 copies in its fourth week since release, making it also its fourth consecutive week as the number one Japanese live-action film. Additionally, by selling a total of 308,000 then, it became the third best-selling Japanese live-action movie DVD of all time.
According to Oricon, "Hana Yori Dango Final" was the best-selling movie DVD for the first half of 2009 and the second best-selling DVD in the general DVD category. By the end of 2009, it sold a total of 358,172 copies, ranking as the fourth best-selling DVD in the Oricon general DVD category and the second best-selling movie DVD after "Ponyo".

</doc>
<doc id="21410694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410694" title="Market Street Halt railway station">
Market Street Halt railway station

Market Street Halt was the smallest station to serve the town of Kidsgrove, Staffordshire, England. It was opened in 1909 and located on the Potteries Loop Line. At first it was used by trains in both directions but was later served only by northbound trains due to the severe gradient, being a 1 in 40 climb southbound.
Although only a halt, it had a considerable length of platform and modest wooden buildings, plus an old NSR carriage used as a waiting room.
The halt closed in 1950 and the trackbed is now part of the Potteries Greenway.

</doc>
<doc id="21410704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410704" title="Pedasí township, Los Santos">
Pedasí township, Los Santos

Pedasí () is a town situated on the south-eastern tip of the Azuero Peninsula on Panama’s Pacific coast. It is located in the Pedasí District, in the Los Santos province. It is principally a fishing village with a population of about 2000 people.
Pedasí’s town boasts a public health clinic, two banks, a library, and a handful of restaurants, mini - supermarkets and small shops. The town is equipped with telephone and high-speed Internet service throughout. Pedasí is known for lively annual carnivals, pristine beaches, and activities such as sport fishing, diving and surfing, as well as its proximity to several of Panama’s national parks and preserves.
Pedasí town consists mainly of a central road ("Avenida Central"), a "plaza" (city center). About two blocks away are several nicely maintained civic buildings, surrounded by quiet, residential blocks. 
With its quaint architecture and neatly laid-out streets, Pedasí is one of the main attractions of the Los Santos region.
Geography.
Pedasi is located at the South Eastern tip of the Azuero Peninsula on Panama’s Pacific coast.
Transportation.
By car from Panama City, Pedasí is a smooth, roughly five-hour drive on well-maintained roads.
Pedasí is served by the Capt. J. Montenegro Airport that receives scheduled flights via Air Panama, charter and private flights.
Government.
Former Panamanian President Mireya Moscoso Rodríguez de Arias, Panama’s first female president, is a Pedasí native. She made it an objective during her term to better the town in which she was born, giving Pedasí improved infrastructure. There is a bust and plaque in the main plaza in her honor.
Attractions.
Pedasí town is a little more than three kilometers from the coast, where there are several sandy beaches.
Surfing.
There are several breaks on Pedasí’s beaches, the most famous local surfer's attraction is Playa Venao at 20 miles from the town. In 2011 and 2012 Playa Venao hosted two World Surfing Championships ISA and boosted a world recognition of the entire area as a top notch Surfing spot, the locals claim there are always waves breaking and closing out in the beautiful bay of Playa Venao. 
Other more moderate breaks exist, which range from small for beginners, to overhead with the right swell. Playa El Toro has a left and right rock bottom point break for surfing (only one or two times per year with big swell), and Playa El Lagarto has left and right beach breaks (30 yards length for the better). Playa Los Destiladeros also has several breaks for surfing. Kitesurfing is possible during the dry season, January to April, particularly at Playa Arenal.
Sport fishing.
Pelagic game fish are abundant because the continental shelf drops sharply relatively close to shore, with year-round catch including amberjack, Pacific sailfish ("Istiophorus platypterus"), cubera snapper ("Lutjanus cyanopterus"), roosterfish ("Nematistius pectoralis") and grouper, while "dorado" ("Coryphaena hippurus," commonly called mahi-mahi, or dolphinfish), both bigeye tuna ("Thunnus obesus") and yellowfin tuna ("Thunnus albacares"), and wahoo ("Acanthocybium solandri") are found seasonally, November through April.
Isla Iguana.
Isla Iguana is an island wildlife refuge that can be reached with a 20-minute boat ride from Playa El Arenal. The 52-hectare island is surrounded by an extensive coral reef, which gives it two powdery-soft white sand beaches: Playa El Cirial (252 meters long) and Playita del Faro (37 meters long). 
The refuge is home to more than 62 bird species, and a major nesting site for the magnificent frigatebird ("Fregata magnificens"), with a population of more than 5000. The island also houses several reptile species, including the black iguana ("Ctenosaura similis") for which the island is named.
The refuge also comprises a 40-hectare marine area, also migrating humpback whales ("Megaptera novaeangliae") between June and October—and one of the largest well-preserved coral reefs in Panama. The reef is home to a variety of fish, rays, eels, and sea turtles.
Architecture.
The area’s local architecture is a combination of Colonial Spanish style and modern day masonry block.
Culture.
This town plaza is the location where people come to socialize at night. 
Some men can often be seen wearing "cuttarras" (traditional sandals) and the region’s folkloric black and white hats; women, during festivals and carnivals, don "polleras", traditional hand-stitched multi-layered dresses, some of which can take nearly a year to complete. During local fiestas the women will further adorn their "polleras" with ornate jewelry and gold chains.
Carnival.
Carnival is the annual high point of local life in Pedasí, which is renowned for the most exuberant celebration after Las Tablas. The town divides itself into two factions, "Calle Abajo" (lower street) and "Calle Arriba" (upper street), with their respective queens, each trying to outdo the other with floats, music and fireworks. At the end of the celebration, the winning queen is chosen by popular vote. 
Pedasí also celebrates the fiesta of "Santa Catalina" (St Catherine’s Day) on November 25 ("see also: Calendar of saints").

</doc>
<doc id="21410705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410705" title="1982 Paris Open – Doubles">
1982 Paris Open – Doubles

Ilie Năstase and Yannick Noah were the defending champions but only Nastase competed that year with Adriano Panatta.
Nastase and Panatta lost in the semifinals to Jay Lapidus and Richard Meyer.
Brian Gottfried and Bruce Manson won in the final 6–4, 6–2 against Lapidus and Meyer.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21410714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410714" title="Company Business Towers">
Company Business Towers

Company Business Towers is a mixed use commercial development complex (with two towers) in the city of São Paulo, Brazil, that was completed in 2013 and one of the two towers would be tall and would be the tallest skyscraper in Brazil in 2013. The project comprise high end residential units, commercial office and retail space as well as a hotel.
The project was modified and the tallest tower will not have this height. The actual height of the building is . The name of the complex was also modified, and it is currently called Brookfield Towers.

</doc>
<doc id="21410720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410720" title="Lionel Berners Cholmondeley">
Lionel Berners Cholmondeley

Lionel Berners Cholmondeley (1858–1945) was a younger brother of a British peer who became an Anglican minister, rector at Nippon Sei Ko Kai St. Barnabas Church at Ushigome in Shinjuku, Tokyo (near the central campus of Waseda University). He served as a Christian missionary in the Anglican Church in Japan and Chaplain to the British Embassy in Tokyo. He was also an historian, publishing the first English-language history of the Bonin Islands, also now known as the Ogasawara Islands.
Early life.
Lionel Cholmondeley was descended from a younger brother of Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Earl of Leinster and Hugh Cholmondeley, father of Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Viscount Cholmondeley, from whom the Marquesses of Cholmondeley descend.
His grandfather was Thomas Cholmondeley, 1st Baron Delamere. The baron's third son was Henry Pitt Cholmondeley (15 June 1820 – 14 April 1905) who married Mary Leigh. This union produced nine children; and young Lionel was the couple's second son, born in Adlestrop in Gloucestershire.
Career.
Like his elder brother, Lionel Cholmondeley felt called to serve the Church of England.
Rev. Cholmondely became a Christian missionary in Japan (1887–1921), arriving in Tokyo under the auspices of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts (SPG) to serve under Edward Bickersteth, the first Anglican Bishop of South Tokyo.
Rev. Cholmondeley was named chaplain to the British Embassy in Tokyo, a position he held until his retirement and return to England in 1922.
Bonin Islands.
Bishop Bickersteth was asked to send a clergyman to visit the English-speaking settlers on the Ogasawara Islands; and in response, he asked Rev. Cholmondely to sail to the islands in 1894. This initial trip was followed by sixteen others during the remainder of Cholmondeley's time in Japan. 
Among other changes he observed during these years was the completion of undersea cable connections which ensured telegraph communication between the islands and Japan after 1906.
In 1915, Cholmondeley published "The History of the Bonin Islands from the Year 1827 to the Year 1876" which included detailed observations of the changes which evolved after annexation by Meiji Japan in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="21410748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410748" title="Alton Merrell Jr">
Alton Merrell Jr

Alton Merrell is an American pianist, music producer, educator, arranger and composer.
Alton is also president of Minstrel Enterprises LLC., a music production company providing concerts, workshops, music instruction, consulting, arranging, and studio recording services. 
Alton holds a Master of Music Degree in piano performance with an emphasis in Jazz and Classical Piano from Youngstown State University. He also holds a Bachelor of Music Degree in Music Education graduating Cum Laude. He is currently pursuing a PhD in music on full scholarship at the University of Pittsburgh.
Alton has received numerous honors including: Gospel Jazz Artist of the Year, American Gospel Music Award, Best New Gospel Jazz Artist & Producer, Capital Jazz Festival Competition Finalist (2008),YSU Jazz Quintet Member of the Cultural Exchange Group performing in Beijing, China (Summer 2002). YSU Jazz Quintet Member of the Cultural Exchange Jazz Group performing in Shanghai, Nanjing, and Hangzhou, China (Summer 2004) where a number of Alton’s compositions and arrangements were performed. Selected to perform in a master class with jazz pianist Danillo Perez at TRI-C Jazz Festival (2002), Who’s Who Among America’s High School and College Students; Member of the Alpha Kappa Mu Honor Society; Tri-C Jazz Festival Special Performance Citation from city of Warren’s probate judge Thomas Swift and the International Association of Jazz Educators, Recipient of Outstanding Performance award with Y.S.U. Jazz Ensemble I in the Big Band Category of the 2000 Down Beat magazine student music awards, and recipient of the Founces M. Luley Music Scholarship. 
Mr. Merrell has ministered with gospel artists Kim Burrell, Martha Munizzi, Donnie McClurkin, Alvin Slaughter, Dorothy Norwood, LaShunn Pace, Rev. Timothy Wright, and Parkes Stewart. He has also been seen several times on the nationally televised Bobby Jones Gospel Show. Mr. Merrell has also performed with jazz artists: Wynton Marsalis, Benny Golson, Slide Hampton, James Moody, Phil Woods, Marvin Stamm, Maria Schneider, Ivan Lins, Kenny Burrell, Billy Pierce, Conrad Herwig, Sean Jones, Leslie Lewis, Frank Foster, Roger Humphries, and Jim Rupp. He has also been a member and soloist with: the Cleveland Jazz Orchestra, Cleveland State Jazz Heritage Orchestra, Pittsburgh Concert Chorale, YSU All-Star Alumni Jazz Ensemble, Warren Philharmonic Orchestra, and the OMEA Intercollegiate All-Star Jazz Ensemble.
Alton and his wife Kimberly reside in Pittsburgh, PA with their son Jaden.

</doc>
<doc id="21410765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410765" title="Sōya (icebreaker)">
Sōya (icebreaker)

The is a Japanese icebreaker that serves as a museum ship in Tokyo after a long and storied service spanning some of the 20th Century's headlines of history. Her roles included military and fuel transport for Japan during the Second World War, post-war repatriation from Japan's former colonies, evacuation of civilians from Soviet Sakhalin island, and latterly as an Antarctic expedition ship.
Construction.
The vessel was built as the Volochaevets, commissioned by the Soviets in 1936 from the Matsuo shipyard, on Nagaskai's Koyagi Island, as part-payment for Japan's construction of the South Manchuria Railway (also known as the Chinese Eastern Railway). Two other ice-strengthened cargo ships were ordered at the same time, the Bolshevik and Komsomolets. All three were built but, owing to the then state of Japan-Soviet relations, the ships were never delivered. The Volochaevets was launched from the now renamed Kawaminami Shipyard in February 1938. She was completed as an ice-breaking cargo freighter for the Tatsunan Kisen Co. and was renamed the Chiryō Maru. The Bolshevik and Komsomolets were renamed Minryo Maru and Tenryo Maru. 
War role.
In November 1939 the Imperial Japanese Navy requisitioned the Chiryo Maru for national service. In February 1940 she was renamed the Soya, a name previously held by the former Varyag, an armoured cruiser seized from Imperial Russia but which Japan returned in 1916. The icebreaker Soya was assigned duties as an auxiliary ammunition supply and survey vessel. She survived the Second World War, albeit with multiple close calls. In January 1943 the Soya was attacked by the . The torpedoes either missed or proved to be duds: Soya's crew hoisted one undetonated torpedo onto the deck in celebration. In February 1944 aircraft from TF58 attacked the Japanese anchorage at Truk, sinking 41 Japanese vessels. The Soya escaped but ran aground as she did so. Ten crewmembers were killed. On 26 June 1945 the USS Parche attacked a convoy escorting Soya and other transport ships from Yokohama to Hakodate, sinking an escort vessel and disabling one transport ship. And on 9 August 1945 Soya was at anchor in Onagawa Bay as part of a flotilla with other vessels when British bombers attacked from the air, sinking at least two of them.
Post-war.
After the war, with Japan in defeat and needing to repatriate millions of individuals from its former colonies, the Soya was removed from the navy list and was assigned duties with the nation's repatriation fleet. Modifications at this time included removal of her guns and the installation of facilities for passengers such as toilets in what formerly were her large forward and aft cargo holds. Spacious wooden accommodation was also built on deck. She undertook numerous missions embarking troops and passengers, including calls at Shanghai, Tinian and Guam. In light of her ice-breaking ability, she was also assigned northerly missions and by 1948 had made 14 voyages to and from Sakhalin island, the former Karafuto, evacuating citizens by agreement with the new authorities from what was now the Soviet Union (The Soya should not be confused during this period with the Soya Maru, one of three ice-strengthened passenger ferries that operated on the Japan National Railways maritime Chihaku Line between Odomari, the present-day Korsakov (town) in Sakhalin, and Wakkanai in Hokkaido from 1923 to August 1945.)
In 1949, her repatriation duties ceased and the Soya was transferred to the Maritime Safety Agency, the precursor to the Japan Coast Guard. In a new role supplying remote lighthouses she is reputed to have become known in some circles as the 'Santa Claus of the Sea'.
Antarctic research vessel.
In 1950 the ship received a comprehensive refit in preparation for service as Japan's first dedicated Antarctic research ship. In 1956 further modifications included the replacement of her steam engine with twin diesel engines and the installation of a helicopter deck with the ability to store light helicopters for voyage. In 1957 her forward gunwale was built up and 1958 a further refit added a second, larger helicopter deck above the earlier one, which became a vast new storage space. Between 1956 to 1962 the Soya undertook missions to the Antarctic. Her second voyage, in 1958, made headlines worldwide when she rescued personnel stranded at the Showa Station (Antarctica) research station in the face of approaching winter. The evacuation did not extend to the mission's dogs, and 15 Karafuto-ken huskies were abandoned to fend for themselves on the ice. The following spring the ship returned to find two dogs still alive. The mutts, named Taro and Jiro, became bywords in Japan for fortitude. The story travelled worldwide thanks in part to two movies: "Nankyoku Monogatari" (lit. "South Pole Story"; released in the U.S. as "Antarctica") and a treatment by Disney in the Hollywood film Eight Below. The Soya herself experienced hardship during her time in the Antarctic, including becoming stuck in the ice and needing assistance from the nearby Russian icebreaker Ob'.
Icebreaking rescue vessel.
When retired from Antarctic duties, the Soya became an ice-breaking rescue ship for Japan's Maritime Safety Agency. The Sōya was based during this period in Hokkaido.
Museum ship.
The Soya was fully decommissioned in 1978. Her last mission was a farewell tour to communities she had served, including the port of Hakodate, and photographs exist from this period of wellwishers swarming the ship before her departure. In 1979 the Soya was moored alongside at the Museum of Maritime Science, Tokyo, and remains open to the public as a museum ship, open daily and generally closed only when typhoons threaten Tokyo. She remains in largely original condition. Her propellers have been removed and placed on deck but her interior is largely intact from Antarctic exploration days. However, as a result of modifications made in the 1950s her superstructure has changed considerably from her appearance during World War Two. Gone are the tall funnel and aft crane assembly, while the addition of a helicopter landing deck and higher forward gunwales give her a beefier appearance than the cargo ship she set out in life as.

</doc>
<doc id="21410769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410769" title="Kazutsugi Nami">
Kazutsugi Nami

APO Japan.
In the 1970s, Nami became vice president of APO Japan Co., an auto equipment sales company in Tokyo. The company was involved in a pyramid scheme, collecting investments from about 250,000 people in a scam based on sales of exhaust gas removal devices. The company's operations became a social problem, and it went bankrupt in 1975.
Nozakku.
In 1973, before the bankruptcy of APO Japan, Nami established Nozakku Co., a company which sold "magic stones" that were claimed to turn tapwater into natural water. The company's annual sales reached more than 2 billion yen a year before it too went bankrupt in 1978. Nami was arrested in September 1978 by Mie Prefectural police on suspicion of fraud, and was sentenced to prison.
PHC.
Before his arrest in 1978, Nami also established PHC, a company selling pressure cookers.
L&G and "Enten".
After being released from prison, Nami established the Tokyo-based bedding company L&G in August 1987. The company allegedly derived its income from a pyramid scheme. At L&G, he invented the "Enten" quasi-currency (literally meaning "Divine Money" in Japanese). In February 2007, L&G dividends were distributed in Enten, rather than in cash, resulting in lawsuits and cancellations of accounts. In October 2007, police searched L&Gs headquarters in Tokyo, suspecting that the company had violated investment laws, and the company declared bankruptcy in November 2007. Nami was arrested in Tokyo on 4 February 2009 on suspicion of large-scale investor fraud along with twenty-one of his associates. He insists that he is innocent, and is the victim and not the villain. On March 18, 2010, Nami was sentenced to 18 years in prison for his scheme. [http://www.thefreelibrary.com/LEAD%3A+Bedding+supplier+chief+given+18+years+for+investment+fraud.-a0221847696]

</doc>
<doc id="21410795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410795" title="1997–98 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1997–98 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1997-98 NHL season was the Toronto Maple Leafs last full season at Maple Leaf Gardens. Just a few days before the season's start, Mats Sundin became their 17th Captain and their first European Captain in their 80 year history.
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1997-98 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21410801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410801" title="Dusty Miller (1900s outfielder)">
Dusty Miller (1900s outfielder)

Dakin Evans "Dusty" Miller (September 3, 1876 – April 19, 1950) was a professional baseball player. He played 51 games in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Orphans in 1902, primarily as an outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="21410808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410808" title="Wacław Lipiński">
Wacław Lipiński

Wacław Lipiński (1896-1949) was a Polish historian, military officer and resistance fighter, lieutenant colonel in the Polish Army of the Second Polish Republic, recipient of Polish highest military decoration, the Order of Virtuti Militari.
Life.
Born on 28 September 1896 in Łódź, Lipiński became active in underground, patriotic, pro-independence Polish movements of the partition period. He started out in the scouting movement (1911), and joined the paramilitary Polish Rifle Squads (1912). He was a member of the Polish Legions in World War I, where he fought in the battles of Łowczówek, Konary and battle of Kostiuchnówk. Then joined the precursor of the Polish intelligence, the Polish Military Organisation. In 1918 the joined the regular Polish Army, and fought in the Polish-Ukrainian War (battle of Lwów) and then in the Polish-Soviet War (1919-1921), taking part in the Vilna offensive.
In the interwar period, in 1927, he was promoted to major. That year he joined the newly founded Military Bureau of History ("Wojskowe Biuro Historyczne"). In 1932 he becomes a chief editor of a publication ("Niepodległość") of the Józef Piłsudski Institute for Research in Modern History of Poland, and in 1936, a director of the Institute. From 1937 he lectured on the modern history of Poland at the University of Lwów.
Promoted to lieutenant colonel and retired in January 1939. After the German and Soviet invasions in September 1939, he was first attached to the Bureau of Propaganda at the Polish HQ, and then to the Propaganda Department in Warsaw, during the siege of Warsaw. He was one of the top Polish commanders during that siege, working closely with Walerian Czuma and Stefan Starzyński. He issued daily radio speeches to the citizens of Warsaw. Avoiding arrest after Germans captured Warsaw, he and his family escaped, first to Zakopane later that year, and next year, to Hungary.
Due to conflict between former followers of Józef Piłsudski (such as Lipiński) and followers of Władysław Sikorski, he was unable to join the Polish Army in the West. Instead, he became active in the Piłsudskiite Polish resistance. In 1942 he returned to occupied Poland, founding the Konwent Organizacji Niepodległościowych.
In 1944 he was arrested by the Nazis. After Nazi Germans were pushed back by the Soviets, he joined the anti-Soviet resistance. Founder of the Stronnictwo Niezawisłości Narodowej and Komitet Porozumiewawczy Organizacji Demokratycznych Polski Podziemnej. He was eventually arrested by the communist secret police (Urząd Bezpieczeństwa) on 7 January 1947. Sentenced to death in a staged trial in 1948, the sentence was changed to life sentence, he died in Wronki prison on 4 April 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="21410831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410831" title="Simone Mirman">
Simone Mirman

Simone Mirman was a Paris-born milliner based in London, chiefly known for her designs for the British Royal Family.
Early life.
Simone Parmentier was born in Paris on 18 May 1912 to middle-class Catholic parents. She was apprenticed to one of the main Paris milliners of the 1920s and 1930s, Rose Valois. She had a talent for designing headwear to suit the wearer's face, and considered her first success to be a hat exactly suited to her mother's difficult face. She then worked with the couturiere Elsa Schiaparelli, who was renowned for her bold millinery designs and concepts.
Her suitor, whom she met whilst in her early 20s, was a Jewish communist medical student called Serge Mirman. His background made him unacceptable to Simone's parents, so the couple eloped to London in 1937, despite neither speaking English. They would not actually marry until 1939. Simone headed the hat department of Schiaparelli's London branch in Upper Grosvenor Street, Mayfair until it closed down in 1939. However, Schiaparelli generously gave her former employee the contact details of her English clientele. This would prove invaluable for launching Simone's own-label millinery career.
Business history.
During the Second World War the newly-wed, impoverished Mirmans lived in a small attic on Spring Street in Paddington. Each morning, they hid the evidence of their real life and transformed the attic into a millinery salon for Simone to serve customers seeking off-ration hats. As clothing coupons were not required for hats, there was a steady demand for the designs Mirman created out of scraps and oddments.
In 1947, Simone Mirman was able to afford better premises near Hyde Park, and in 1952, she moved to Chesham Place, Belgravia, where her salon and workroom remained for the rest of her professional career. In the early 1950s Simone Mirman was supplying hats to Norman Hartnell, Hardy Amies and Christian Dior. It was through Serge Mirman that Dior's licensed hosiery became established upon the London retail scene, and indeed, Serge Mirman remained closely involved with his wife's business throughout her career.
In 1952, Simone Mirman was invited to show her wares at Buckingham Palace. By this point she was making hats for the Royal couturiers Amies and Hartnell. She was so nervous at the prospect of her first encounter with Royalty that she broke protocol by entering through the front door of the Palace. However, Princess Margaret, Elizabeth II, and Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother all became regular customers of hers. She was later granted the Royal warrants of Queen Elizabeth II and the Queen Mother in recognition of her services.
Mirman's designs for Royalty took into account their individual preferences. She created light and airy hats for the Queen Mother lavishly trimmed with flowers and feathers. Princess Margaret favoured the most fashionable designs. The Queen insisted on hats that would please photographers – off-the-face brims (if any), clear colours to co-ordinate with her Hartnell and Amies outfits, and unusual fabrics to make her stand out in a crowd. A typical Mirman design for the Queen was the abbreviated cloche hat densely covered with small flowers. Perhaps the best-known individual Simone Mirman hat for the Queen is the dramatic 1969 Tudor gable hood-inspired hat the Queen wore at the investiture of the Prince of Wales. In 2003 a number of Mirman's hats were displayed in the Kensington Palace State Apartments as part of an exhibition of the Queen's wardrobe.
In addition to Royalty, Simone Mirman had many famous clients, including the actresses Vivien Leigh and Valerie Hobson, as well as many members of the English aristocracy and society. On a less exalted level, she designed caps to accompany the 1967 policewoman's uniforms designed by Norman Hartnell.
Through the 1960s and 1970s Simone Mirman continued to design fashionable hats. She created fun versions of the 1960s helmet hats encrusted with plastic gems, and ultra-modern leather or plastic helmets with clear tinted PVC visors in 1966. Ernestine Carter chose one of these hats to complete the 1966 Dress Of The Year ensemble. Her husband also assisted her to design hats, and was probably responsible for the more outlandish and eccentric Mirman hats that attracted the attention of the press.
After Serge Mirman died in 1980, Simone Mirman closed down her Belgravia salon. She set up a small business with their daughter, Sophie, which sold leather goods and simple hats. Sophie Mirman went on to found Sock Shop and the childrenswear boutique Trotters.
Retirement and death.
Simone Mirman retired in 1990 and returned to France. She took up oil painting as a hobby and painted until her eyesight failed. She died in 2008 at the age of 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21410861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410861" title="1986 Paris Open">
1986 Paris Open

The 1986 Paris Open was a Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 15th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters). It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from October 27 through November 3, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21410875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410875" title="Kiyoshi Myobudani">
Kiyoshi Myobudani

Career record.
　　

</doc>
<doc id="21410891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410891" title="Harold Lawson">
Harold Lawson

Harold "Bud" Lawson (born 1937) is a software engineer, computer architect and systems engineer. Lawson is credited with the 1964 invention of the pointer. In 2000, Lawson was presented the Computer Pioneer Award by the IEEE for his invention.
In July, 2010 he published a new book entitled: A Journey Through the Systems Landscape (ISBN 9-781848-900103) with College Publications. The book provides a comprehensive discipline independent approach to learning to "think" and "act" in terms of systems.
Amongst several academic appointments, his last position was as Professor of Telecommunications and Computer Systems at Linköping University where he co-founded its Department of Computer and Information Science in 1983.
He is a Fellow of ACM, Fellow and Life Member of the IEEE, and Fellow of the International Council on Systems Engineering INCOSE.

</doc>
<doc id="21410892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410892" title="143rd meridian west">
143rd meridian west

The meridian 143° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 143rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 37th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 143rd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21410898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410898" title="Mother (1955 film)">
Mother (1955 film)

Mother (, translit. Mat, also released as 1905) is a 1955 Soviet drama film directed by Mark Donskoy and based on the eponymous novel by Maxim Gorky. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21410920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410920" title="L'Île-Cadieux, Quebec">
L'Île-Cadieux, Quebec

L'Île-Cadieux is a village and municipality in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Vaudreuil-Soulanges Regional County Municipality. It is located on and contiguous with Cadieux Island, which projects into Lake of Two Mountains just north off Vaudreuil-sur-le-Lac. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 105.
History.
The island was formerly known as Vaudreuil Island but was named ""Île à Cadieu"" in an unpublished document of the second half of the nineteenth century. This name could be a reference to one of two Cadieux, Pierre and Hyacinthe, who owned land in the first concession along the Cove of Vaudreuil at that time.
In 1922, the municipality was formed by separating from the Parish Municipality of Saint-Michel-de-Vaudreuil.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21410923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410923" title="Confédération Fiscale Européenne">
Confédération Fiscale Européenne

The Confédération Fiscale Européenne (CFE) was founded in 1959 in Paris. The CFE is an umbrella organisation that embraces 33 national organisations from 25 European States and within them over 180,000 tax advisers.
The purpose of the CFE is to bring together all tax advisers' organisations of all European States and to safeguard the professional
interests of tax advisers and to assure the quality of tax services provided to the public.
The CFE aims to promote the further development of the national laws governing the profession, to exchange information about national tax and professional laws and the development of the tax and professional law in Europe, to maintain relations with the authorities at national and international levels, and most of all to bring to the authorities of the European Union the experience of practitioners of all areas of taxation and of professional law.
The CFE also aims to inform the public about the services that tax advisers provide, to facilitate co-operation in all areas which are of common interest to tax advisers of the European countries, both inside and outside the European Union, and to seek to provide the best possible conditions for the tax advisers to carry out their profession.
Structure.
The General Assembly is the governing body of the CFE and the Council is the highest-ranking advisory body. The Executive Board is in charge of the day-to-day running of the CFE.
The CFE Fiscal Committee is in charge of the CFE's extensive technical work on taxation. The Fiscal Committee has two sub-groups: Direct taxation and Indirect taxation. For the discussion of topical tax matters the Fiscal Committee regularly establishes Task Forces to which outside experts may also be appointed.
The CFE Professional Affairs Committee deals with professional and regulatory matters.
Cooperation.
The CFE cooperates with:

</doc>
<doc id="21410930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410930" title="Sandgap, Kentucky">
Sandgap, Kentucky

Sandgap is an unincorporated community in northwestern Jackson County, Kentucky, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 421 at its intersection with Kentucky Route 2004, northwest of the city of McKee, the county seat of Jackson County. Its elevation is 1,453 feet (443 m), and it is located at (37.4861962, -84.0904852).
The town consists of a gas station, a post office, a bank and an elementary school. The town's zip code is 40481.

</doc>
<doc id="21410952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410952" title="Nguri">
Nguri

Nguri (; lit. "bovine milk") is a buffalo's milk cheese of Fujian province, China. It is in a ball-shape approximately the size of a table tennis ball and has a soft, leathery texture. It is made by shaping with a cheese cloth the mixture of milk and vinegar that has been marinated in a salty brine. It is served as a condiment to plain rice congee. A small bite of this condiment could complement a large mouthful of plain congee, as it is very salty.
It is also sometimes referred to as Giam-ngu-ring (; lit. "salty milk"), and is said to originate from Jiaomei in Zhangzhou, Fujian.

</doc>
<doc id="21410959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410959" title="Master of the Sword">
Master of the Sword

The Master of the Sword, or MOS, is the title of the head of the Department of Physical Education and the director of the program of physical instruction at the United States Military Academy at West Point. This position is unique in that the physical program at the academy is both academic and non-academic. Some of the courses are taught in a classroom or laboratory environment and some elements of the physical program are stand-alone testing and non-tested events that must be completed by all cadets during their time at the academy. The first Swordmaster was Pierre Thomas, appointed by Congress in 1814. There have been 28 Masters of the Sword since 1814. The only woman to serve as MOS was COL Maureen LeBoeuf, serving 1997-2004. The 28th and current Master of the Sword, serving since 2004, is Colonel Gregory Daniels.

</doc>
<doc id="21410974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410974" title="Ambi Pur">
Ambi Pur

Ambi Pur is a brand of air freshener products available in the United States, Europe, Asia and Oceania. Their range of products may be used in the home or in the car with a variety of smells and properties such as odor neutralisation. 
History.
Ambi-Pur's first product was launched in 1958 in Spain by Javier de Merelo Barberá Sanromä Cruz. Cruz Verde was a Spanish household brand selling a wide range of products, and even in the 2010s is a well-known brand in Spain because of the great tradition of innovation and advertising. Cruz Verde was purchased in the 1970s by the US multinational company Syntex. Ambi-Pur, which differs from other products and Cruz Verde, became a brand name, with cellulose products "constant" and aerosols, and in the late 1970s and 1980s, continued to strengthen the brand with new products and diversification of the intended use.
Acquisition by the Sara Lee Corporation.
In 1984, the Sara Lee Corporation acquired Cruz Verde and began to roll out air fresheners throughout Europe. It was the first brand to launch a plug-in liquid air freshener, toilet rimblock fluid, and fluid air fresheners for cars. After Western Europe, the brand expanded to Eastern Europe, Asia, Japan, and Oceania, as well as in the United States and Canada. From the 1990s until 2010, Ambi-Pur was among the three market leaders for air freshener brands in Western Europe.
Acquisition by Procter & Gamble.
The Sara Lee Corporation announced on 11 December 2009 that it would sell Ambi-Pur air care business to Procter & Gamble for $468 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21410975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410975" title="Bregman method">
Bregman method

Bregman's method is an iterative algorithm to solve certain convex optimization problems. The algorithm is a row-action method accessing constraint functions one by one and the method is particularly suited for large optimization problems where constraints can be efficiently enumerated.
The algorithm starts with a pair of primal and dual variables. Then, for each constraint a generalized projection onto its feasible set is performed, updating both the constraint's dual variable and all primal variables for which there are non-zero coefficients in the constraint functions gradient. In case the objective is strictly convex and all constraint functions are convex, the limit of this iterative projection converges to the optimal primal dual pair.
The method has links to the method of multipliers and dual ascent method and multiple generalizations exist.
One drawback of the method is that it is only provably convergent if the objective function is "strictly" convex. In case this can not be ensured, as for linear programs or non-strictly convex quadratic programs, additional methods such as proximal methods have been developed.

</doc>
<doc id="21410982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21410982" title="Human T-lymphotropic virus 2">
Human T-lymphotropic virus 2

A virus closely related to HTLV-I, Human T-lymphotropic virus 2 (HTLV-II) shares approximately 70% genomic homology (structural similarity) with HTLV-I.
It is found predominantly in Native Americans, and South American Indian groups. And also in Asian countries. More common in Japan and Korea. It can be passed down from mother to child through breastmilk and genetically as well from either parent.
HTLV-II entry in target cells is mediated by the glucose transporter GLUT1.
Clinical significance.
HTLV-II has not been clearly linked to any disease, but has been associated with several cases of myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis (HAM/TSP)- like neurological disease.
An impact on platelet count has been observed.
In the 1980s, HTLV-2 was identified in a patient with an unidentified T cell lymphoproliferative disease that was described as having characteristics similar to the B cell disorder, hairy cell leukemia. HTLV-2 was identified in a second patient with a T cell lymphoproliferative disease; this patient later developed hairy cell leukemia, but HTLV-2 was not found in the hairy cell clones. The cause of hairy cell leukemia is not known, but it is no longer believed to be related to viral infections.

</doc>
<doc id="21411011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411011" title="João Luiz">
João Luiz

João Luiz Ramires Vieira, known as João Luiz (born December 20, 1985 in Brazil), is a footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Beira Mar.
He made his debut for Marítimo on December 23, 2007 in a 2–1 away victory against União Leiria. His first and so far only goal for the club came in a 4–1 defeat of Sporting Braga at home on April 19, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21411021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411021" title="Argentine Senior Open">
Argentine Senior Open

The Argentine Senior Open, or Campeonato Abierto Senior, is a senior men's professional golf tournament held in Argentina that was founded in 1987.
The first winner was 63 year old Roberto de Vicenzo. The most successful player is Horacio Carbonetti with six victories. However, he failed to win the title at his home club, Rio Cuarto, in 2003, losing out in a play-off with Antonio Ortiz.

</doc>
<doc id="21411022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411022" title="Lunar cycler">
Lunar cycler

A Lunar cycler (or Earth-Moon cycler) is a hypothetical spacecraft on a special trajectory that encounters the Earth and the Moon on a regular basis, typically every 9 or 14 days.
Cyclers are potentially useful for transporting people or materials using little propellant. Instead, they rely on gravity assist manoeuvres to keep them going with occasional powered corrections to maintain the trajectory.

</doc>
<doc id="21411046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411046" title="Amsterdam Science Park railway station">
Amsterdam Science Park railway station

Amsterdam Science Park is a railway station in the borough Amsterdam-Oost in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The station lies on the Amsterdam–Zutphen railway between the railway stations Amsterdam Muiderpoort and Diemen. The station serves the Science Park Amsterdam and the Watergraafsmeer. The construction of the station started in June 2009 and it was opened on 13 December 2009 by Amsterdam mayor Job Cohen.
Train services.
The following trains operated by NS are serving the station:
Bus services.
The following bus service is operated by GVB and stops at the railway station:

</doc>
<doc id="21411060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411060" title="Erick Kabu">
Erick Kabu

Erick Kabu (born December 21, 1989 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) striker.
Career.
Kabu began his career in the youth from Accra Hearts of Oak SC and joined than in summer 2008 to Botev Plovdiv, here played his first professional game in the TBI A Football Group on 4 October 2008 against OFC Sliven 2000.
Kabu left Botev Plovdiv on 26 January 2010 as the club went bankrupt.

</doc>
<doc id="21411069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411069" title="Ghost Pilots">
Ghost Pilots

Ghost Pilots is a vertical-scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game released in 1991 by SNK.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is straightforward with elements similar to that of Capcom's "19XX" games, but it is difficult even on the easiest difficulty level. Unlike most scrolling shooters, the vehicle is a seaplane instead of spaceship or airplane. As the in-game instructions indicate, moving the joystick around maneuvers the seaplane. Pressing the "A" button fires bullets. The player can also hold the "A" button for semi-automatic fire. Pressing the "B" button launches bombs from the inventory. The player starts with three bombs. 
Next the player has to choose the bomb types for the seaplane. In the first and last stages, the player has a choice to start with either the mega bomb or the magnetic warhead. In the sea strike stage, the player also has the choice of the gas flame bomb. In the air strike stage, the player also has the choice of air mines. In a two-player game, both players cannot choose the same bomb type.
The player has to battle airplanes, tanks, gunboats, jets and many other units. Along the way power-ups can be collected for stronger and more widespread firepower, star medals can be collected for bonus points and bombs can be added to the inventory. A player can have a maximum of nine bombs. Soon the player has to face a big boss, consisting of jumbo bombers, huge tanks and other large war machines. The player needs to aim for weak points to destroy the bosses. Some bosses fire dangerous fireballs that split when shot by the player, making the battle more difficult. The player is destroyed when shot once by enemy fire or rams into an enemy unit, then the player has to continue with the next seaplane left in the inventory. The first stage is in two parts which means there is no checkpoint in between. When the player reaches a checkpoint, the overall score is boosted. After the first stage the player can choose to do either the sea strike stage or the air strike stage next. The sea strike stage consists of mostly sea and land units while the air strike stage consists of a majority of air units. If the player makes it past both stages, the last stage is in two parts and then the player must face a tank boss the size of a city to win the game.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Neo Geo version of the game a 24 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="21411072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411072" title="Ward 1 of the District of Columbia">
Ward 1 of the District of Columbia

Ward 1 is one of eight wards of the District of Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21411073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411073" title="Shimun VIII Yohannan Sulaqa">
Shimun VIII Yohannan Sulaqa

Mar Shimun VIII Yohannan Sulaqa (; also John Soulaqa, Sulaka or Sulacha, circa 1510–1555) was the first Patriarch of the Chaldean Catholic Church, from 1553 to 1555.
Yohannan Sulaqa's ascension as Patriarch was part of the 1552 schism in the Church of the East which resulted in the establishment of rival patriarchates and ultimately a permanent rift in the Church. He was elected by those who opposed the hereditary patriarchal succession and he took an unprecedented step in the Church of the East: he traveled to Rome, accepted the Catholic creed and was consecrated as Patriarch in 1553. His reign did not last long though: Upon his return, due to strong opposition by the opposing patriarch, Sulaqa was imprisoned by the Ottoman leader of Amadiyah, tortured, and executed in January 1555. He is considered a martyr of the Catholic Church.
Background.
Up to Yohannan Sulaqa, the Church of the East was united in a single patriarchate and the Episcopal see was located in the ancient city of Alqosh. In the 15th century the Patriarch Mar Shimun IV Basidi (1437–1493) made the office hereditary in his own family, whose name was known as "Bar Mama" or "Abuna" family.
This was made possible through the ancient Canonical law of the Church of East, which decreed that only metropolitan bishops could confirm a patriarch. As a result, Shimun IV and his successor only appointed their family members as metropolitan bishops, in order for the uncle to choose his brothers or nephews to succeed him as patriarch. This designated successor, once consecrated as metropolitan bishop with right of succession, was called "natar kursi".
The patriarch Shemon VII Ishoyahb, consecrated either towards the end of 1538 or early in 1539, was highly unpopular due to his illicit activities in profligate life, selling church properties and allowing the use of concubines. Furthermore, he consecrated his own nephews at the ages of twelve and fifteen as metropolitan bishops. These actions led to wide protest causing further upheaval and instability in the church.
Life.
Yohannan Sulaqa was born c. 1510 to Daniel of Bellu family, an Assyrian family in the Mosul region. Around 1540 Sulaqa became abbot of the monastery of Rabban Hormizd in Alqosh (or, according to an alternative account, of the monastery of Beth Qoqa near Erbil). The literal translation of Sulaqa in English is Ascension.
Widespread complaints emerged against Shimun VII's consecration of his younger nephew as his designated successor. This led to three non-related bishops of Shimun VII (the bishops of Arbil, Urmia and Salmas) to call an assembly in Mosul of clergy, monks, and members from ten regions, to elect the hesitant Yohannan Sulaqa as the new patriarch. A bishop of metropolitan rank was needed at the ceremony in order to consecrate Sulaqa as patriarch. Opposition from members of the patriarchal Abuna family, and the doctrinal differences with the Syrian Orthodox Church, led to the decision of asking Pope Julius III of Rome to celebrate the consecration.
Yohannan Sulaqa, along with seventy delegates, traveled to Jerusalem to meet the Custodian of the Holy Land. The group persuaded the Franciscan friars that they agreed with the faith professed by the Papacy and expressed the desire to have Sulaqa confirmed as patriarch by the pope. The Friars gave them a letter of presentation to the pope, and Sulaqa with a noble traveled to Rome, where Andreas Masius gave him assistance as a translator in the court of pope Julius III.
Yohannan Sulaqa requested the pope consecrate him as patriarch. He justified this request by informing the papacy that after Mar Shimun VII Ishuyau's death in 1551, his nephew (also to be named the traditional Shimun) would succeed him as the head of the church, but this nephew was not qualified to be consecrated as bishop because the restrictions pronounced in the Canonical Law regarding age were violated. Moreover it was understood that the young nephew had died. For this reason many historians such as Tisserant, Tfinkdji, and Fiey postulate the existence of one Shimun (VIII) who reigned in Alqosh from 1552 to 1558. More recently scholars such as Habbi and Lampart, as well as Becchetti in the 18th century, suggest on the contrary that Shimun VII did not die in 1551 but reigned till 1558, thus Sulaqa had lied to the pope.
On February 20, 1553, Yohannan Sulaqa made a profession of faith in front of the Pope. On April 9, 1553, he was consecrated as bishop in St. Peter's Basilica in Rome by Cardinal John Álvarez y Alva de Toledo, OP (1488–1557) (or by the pope himself according other sources). Sulaqa's appointment as patriarch was ratified by the papal bull entitled ""Divina disponente clementia."" In the course of the consistory held on April 28, 1553 Sulaqa received the pallium, i.e. the sign of his patriarchal authority, from the hands of the pope. He took the traditional name of "Shimun" VIII.
Yohannan Sulaqa traveled land via to Constantinople and from there to Amid where he arrived on November 12, 1553 and where he fixed his See. He was accompanied by the bishop Ambrose Buttigeg, OP († 1558), one of the most powerful Arab Maltese, who was specially appointed as "Nuncio for Mosul."
In January 1555 he was summoned, imprisoned for many months, tortured and executed, probably by drowning, by the local Pasha of Amadiyah instigated by the partisans of Shimun VII, shortly after ordaining five metropolitans. For Catholics he is considered a martyr.
Sulaqa's brother, Joseph Mar (Sulaqa) of India, held the office from 1556 to 1569 of Metropolitan of the Thomas Christians in South India.
Title.
Yohannan Sulaqa was given the title of "Patriarch of Mosul and Athur" (Assyria) in Rome, not in a restrictive sense, but meaning "of the Church of the East." The Chronicle of the Carmelites states that Sulaqa was proclaimed "Patriarch of the Eastern Assyrians" but on April 19, 1553 the title was changed to "Patriarch of the Chaldeans," perhaps in reference to the Old Testament, which gives Abraham's birthplace as "Ur of Chaldees."
The term "Chaldeans" had been previously officially used by the Council of Florence in 1445 as a new name for a group of Nestorians of Cyprus who entered in Full Communion with the Catholic Church. Rome followed to use the term "Chaldeans" to indicate the members of the Church of the East in Communion with Rome (mainly not to use the term "Nestorian" that was theologically unacceptable) also in 1681 for Joseph I and later in 1830 when Yohannan Hormizd, of the line of Alqosh, became the first ""Patriarch of Babylon of the Chaldeans"" of the modern Chaldean Catholic Church.
The "Shimun" line.
Shimun VIII Yohannan Sulaqa was the first incumbent of the "Shimun" line of Church of the East. This patriarchal See was initially located in Amid, but very soon moved to Siirt, then to Urmia, then to Khosrowa (near Salmas) and from the second half of 17th century to Qochanis. Also the area of influence moved from the North West Kurdistan to the North East mountains.
The last patriarch of this line recognized by the Pope was Shimun IX Dinkha (died 1600) and later there were only few correspondences thought missionaries. This See reintroduced in 1600 the heredity system for patriarchs' succession, a use unacceptable for Rome. In 1692, patriarch Mar Shimun XIII Dinkha broke formally the communion with Rome. The patriarchate of the present-day Assyrian Church of the East, with its See in Chicago, forms the continuation of this line.

</doc>
<doc id="21411083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411083" title="Mozart (1955 film)">
Mozart (1955 film)

Mozart (also known as "The Life and Loves of Mozart") is a 1955 Austrian drama film directed by Karl Hartl. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21411084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411084" title="Pidżama Porno discography">
Pidżama Porno discography

The discography of Pidżama Porno, a Polish punk rock/alternative rock band, consists of nine studio albums, nine singles and two video albums. The band, who formed in Poznan in 1989, consists of vocalist Krzysztof Grabowski, guitarists Andrzej Kozakiewicz and Sławomir Mizerkiewicz, bassist Julian Piotrowiak and drummer Rafal Piotrowiak.

</doc>
<doc id="21411095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411095" title="All-time Colorado Rapids roster">
All-time Colorado Rapids roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Colorado Rapids since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21411102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411102" title="Harlosh">
Harlosh

Harlosh () is a settlement on the island of Skye off the west coast of Scotland. The settlement is on a peninsula of the same name.
Situated at the end of a narrow peninsula between Lochs Caroy and Bharcasaig (both of which are arms of Loch Bracadale), Harlosh is some from the village of Dunvegan. Harlosh Island and Tarner Island lie just offshore, with Wiay some distant to the south. The name "Harlosh" is of Old Norse origin and may refer to a river mouth, although the meaning is not clear.
The ruins of Dun Feorlig broch are just to the north east along the shores of Loch Caroy. This Iron Age structure has an external diameter of and there is little trace of the building except for part of the foundation course. It sits on an elevated rock separated from the surrounding area by a deep hollow that was probably excavated. Dun Reil is a structure of a similar antiquity to the south of Harlosh beyond Camus Ban.
The premises of the Isle of Skye Fudge Company are located in Harlosh and the Ben Aketil wind farm is situated between Harlosh and Edinbane in the hills beyond Upper Feorlig. Part of the wind farm is owned by local people through the Isle of Skye Renewables Co-operative.
Accommodation is available in this small crofting township at a range of B&Bs.
Other small settlements on the Harlosh peninsula are Feorlig and Vatten.

</doc>
<doc id="21411107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411107" title="John Glenn (1960s outfielder)">
John Glenn (1960s outfielder)

John Glenn (born July 10, 1928 in Moultrie, Georgia) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. A veteran of 15 minor league seasons, he appeared in 32 games for the St. Louis Cardinals in .

</doc>
<doc id="21411111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411111" title="Charles L. Christ">
Charles L. Christ

Charles L. Christ (Charles Louis Christ) (March 12, 1916 – June 29, 1980) was an American scientist, geochemist and mineralogist. He received his Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral degrees from the Johns Hopkins University, completing his Ph.D. in 1940. After receiving his degree, he worked for the General Electric Company as a research chemist in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. In September, 1941 he returned to academia as an instructor at Wesleyan University.From 1942-1945 he returned to Hopkins as an instructor and Associate Director of their C.Y. War Research Laboratory. The Laboratory was responsible for developing a super-conducting bolometer for the detection of infrared radiation. From 1946-1949 he was group leader for X-ray crystallography at the American Cyanamid Company in Stamford, Connecticut.
We was an employee of the U.S. Geological Survey from October, 1949 until his retirement in 1979. His research focused on minerals containing uranium, vanadium, and various rare elements. He was especially interested in hydrated borate mineralsbecause of the crystal-chemical challenge they present
He was a Professorial Lecturer at the George Washington University in Washington, DC from 1956 to 1965. In 1960, he published a set of rules governing the formation of complex borate polyanions that became known as "Christ's Rules." In 1965, he moved from Washington, D.C. to the U.S. Geological Survey's offices in Menlo Park, California.
He was a Fellow of the Mineralogical Society of America and the Geological Society of America. He was an Associate Editor for "The American Mineralogist" from 1955-1959. In 1972 he was a visiting professor at 
the University of Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="21411112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411112" title="Eden Log">
Eden Log

Eden Log is a 2007 science fiction horror film directed and co-written by Franck Vestiel. The film was Vestiel's first as a director, who shot the entire film using only hand-held cameras.
Reviews towards the film were mixed, which received an aggregated score of 43% from Rotten Tomatoes. In North America, it premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 2008.
Plot.
In an underground cave, Tolbiac (Cornillac) wakes up disoriented, not knowing who he is, or how he got there. A dead man lies next to him.
As he stumbles around in the limited light, cold, and darkness, he comes upon a dilapidated area with damaged pieces of technology all around him. While he is trying to get a damaged panel to work, suddenly, digital phantoms appear and inform him of a paradise known as Eden Log. They play a generic welcome message for the workers, where Tolbiac learns that workers are volunteers making sacrifices with the hope of gaining citizenship, presumably for the society above ground, and that Eden Log can offer a passport. Tolbiac passes through the main entryway, but remembers nothing, even after examining several crude maps and some damaged equipment.
A second message plays, reasserting the fairness of the worker's contract, though the details lack context. The workers will enter the "cycle," and by working below can contribute to the world above through a fair exchange. Their job is described as "looking after the plant," and they are promised that if they do so, the plant will "look after them." The worker's message reiterates that the worker's only reward is found in their drive to become part of the new society.
With no memory of recent events, or even his own name, Tolbiac begins scrounging for supplies and looking for a way out. After recovering some clothes and a harness with mounted lights, he sets out for an exit. After some wandering, he comes upon a bearded man who seems pinned against a wall by the same plant-like vines that protrude from the technology and along the tunnels. The man, clearly in great pain and mentally addled from the experience, only identifies himself as the "architect" and reveals that the plant-like vines have invaded his body and are slowly taking over. As Tolbiac approaches, the man warns him away to keep him from danger but also because something about Tolbiac makes the vines more aggressive. Just as Tolbiac is about to leave completely, he hears a loud, growling noise that seems to be approaching. The architect warns Tolbiac that the noise is "your end" and that he should kill himself immediately. When Tolbiac refuses, the architect warns him to run, but Tolbiac cannot as the noise has grown so loud that he loses consciousness.
When Tolbiac wakes up, he is in a new, yet still unfamiliar area with no sign of the Architect. As he crawls through a passage to find an exit, he quickly finds himself enclosed in a cube on a conveyor. The machinery stops suddenly, colliding Tolbiac's cube with the one ahead of him, and through the translucent glass, he sees a dead body in the next cube. Panicked, Tolbiac frees himself by swinging the cube off the hinge and crashing to the floor beneath, though this knocks him unconscious again.
This time, he finds himself on a slightly better-lit area with his first major landmark indicating that he is on Level -4. While exploring, he finds a dead technician with his hand in a palm-recognition device. After tinkering with the technology, Tolbiac activates the last recording. In it, the dead scientist apparently had an argument with the Eden Log personnel above where he refused to open up access to the "rezo" to security. It becomes clear that the levels of the plantation are sharply divided and massive. What becomes clear is that due to deteriorating and increasingly dangerous conditions in the plant, a large worker's revolt was in progress, and the dead technician was instrumental in cutting off security (located on the upper levels) from the lower ones. The revolting workers demanded to know the condition of the former workers allowed to join the society on the surface, which the company refused. Prior to the security forces breaking into the lab, the technician reveals that there is a record of this information, and unless Eden Log complies, they will release it to the society above. The recording ends with the security forces breaking in and requesting additional orders on containing the situation from their superiors. Their orders were to find the architect, secure the remaining technician on Level -3 to prevent any further broadcasts, and recover the data from the labs.
Tolbiac checks the dead technician's palm activation device, but the system does not recognize him. Nevertheless, he pulls the data chip out of the device and proceeds to try finding an exit. After some maneuvering in the tunnels, Tolbiac comes up to Level -3. While avoiding the security forces, he overhears their discussion as they search for the remaining technician and the architect. The security forces have also chained up what looks like a mutated human, and they hint that a significant amount of the worker population have also changed into mutants. During a brief scuffle with the security forces, Tolbiac makes a break for the tunnels and fights off their chained mutant, climbing up a narrow passage to Level -2.
On Level -2, Tolbiac hears a strange, ambient music playing in a chamber surrounding a well-lit, but small, laboratory. Suddenly ambushed on all sides by the mutants in the dark, he is rescued by a figure in a protective suit (Vimala Pons) who uses a bright light and loud noise to fend off the mutants. Unfortunately, the light and noise are equally painful to Tolbiac. Capturing him, she uses a gas to knock him out. When he wakes up, she reveals that she is the only remaining Botanist on Level -2, who has survived by remaining isolated and careful. She initially believes Tolbiac to be infected, and progressing in mutation, because he refuses to speak. Once he does, she explains that the "rezo" is the term used in the plant to describe the area in which the workers operate as well as the workers themselves. Eden Log has been using a central living plant, to harvest power. The workers are part of this because the plant's sap has energetic properties, giving the workers unusual stamina and strength. However, the more sap that they've taken from the plant, the more toxic and hostile it became. The mutants are the workers who had been corrupted by this sap, and the botanist is both confused and amazed that Tolbiac, an apparent worker, has somehow managed to escape its effects. Seeing his confusion, she conducts a brief test to learn more about him. She connects him to the plant with a simple exam in mind, if he is healthy, the plant will try to infect him (though she says that it is more like the plant is trying to make contact), and they'll both know that he is infection-free. Better still, the botanist hopes to find out what the plant wants from the humans. During the transfusion, something goes wrong, and Tolbiac seems to be able to force something back into the plant, causing the seemingly sterile plant to sprout and become lush with growth and fruit. Surprised and scared, the Botanist disconnects him from the plant.
Shortly after, the mutants begin an assault against the botanist's lab, and Tolbiac is tricked and abandoned as bait. When one of the mutants manages to get inside, Tolbiac manages to tie it up and escape. Outside, he catches up with the botanist and fights off several mutants attacking her with increased primal rage. Having established dominance, the remaining mutants back away long enough for the two to run to a working elevator.
Inside, Tolbiac is overcome by primal urges for the first time, having flashbacks of his blackout with the Architect and realizes that he had killed him. In this state, he feels part of his humanity slip away in a roar, only to calm down. He then begins to act on the lust he feels for the botanist, first acting tenderly, then brutally as he makes sexual advances on her. When they finish, Tolbiac realizes that his mental flashes during sex that depicted him brutally raping the botanist were not just in his head. While they had started with attraction, in his fugue state he raped her. Under control of himself again, Tolbiac weakly tries to tell her that he was not himself, and she reluctantly goes with him when the elevator breaks down.
Together, the two traverse several tunnels, though they remain wary of one another. Eventually, they stumble upon the location of the hidden technician on Level -2, who managed to halt his mutation at the cost of his life. Like the Architect, he underwent a critical merging with the plant in order to keep himself alive. He reveals with more detail what the botanist suspected. In addition, he confirms the ugly truth: the plant workers are never sent to the surface, they are simply exploited by Eden Log. More creatures attack, but Tolbiac manages to fight them off and protect the botanist. The two then approach the exit level, Level -1, which is where the sap is collected. Here, Tolbiac realizes fully that the term "plant" is a double meaning as the whole facility is, in fact, a power plant which uses a biological plant as its power supply.
The two proceed upward quickly through the sap collector, since the tree (and the surface), are above it. Tolbiac and the Botanist suddenly find themselves in the middle of a skirmish between mutants, who are following them from below, and the security forces who are descending. The Botanist spots the cubes which convey humans up to the tree and, without explanation, runs away from Tolbiac towards the underground levels. When he catches up to her, she states her recent revelation to the disoriented Tolbiac; the technicians discovered that the workers, who became ill and infected from using the sap in the rezo, were sent to the surface in cubes to be "cured" by the tree, but this was a lie because the energy in the sap was actually being taken from the humans in the cubes.
Immediately after, she begins convulsing and hearing a noise that Tolbiac does not, and he realizes that he has been infected all along (though somehow has managed to keep his symptoms in check). When he raped her, he passed the contamination onto her. He apologizes, but she is too heartbroken to have come so close and survived so long to be infected now. She savagely attacks Tolbiac, but runs away before he is similarly overcome with the infection's rage. Before she breaks for the tunnels, she tosses him a final data chip with recordings from before the rebellion.
Proceeding upward, Tolbiac emerges in a chamber that for the first time, he recognizes. Dodging another scuffle of security forces and mutants, he sneaks into the surveillance room and begins watching the compiled data clips and piecing all the information together. For the first time, he sees all the messages on full screens and can make out all the details. While watching all the clips, Tolbiac slowly realizes what his true identity is. He was the former captain of the guard, trusted with the full secrets of Eden Log, and asked to quell the rebellion and keep the information from getting out. With another guard, the two descended to the lowest levels where Tolbiac became contaminated and, in a rage, had killed his companion. Instead of mutating, he awoke with no memory, which is where his journey began.
When he realizes this, the computer simultaneously confirms his identity as Captain Tolbiac and his completely successful mission of having killed the architect, recovered all the lost data of the technicians, and having put down the mutants, which the guards have just accomplished working under the orders he issued before going underground. As the guards burst into the surveillance office, they immediately stop and recognize him as Captain Tolbiac.
On the surface, Tolbiac is saluted by Eden Log for a successful mission and for protecting the company's secrets as he stands in front of an animated board depicting the full process of the power harvesting procedure. Workers are sent to the lowest levels, given sap to energize them, then work until they are depleted or dead as their energy is harvested to power the city above. Once they succumb, their bodies are placed in the cubes and used to feed the tree, providing the sap for future workers.
Realizing the destruction of the tree's life cycle, and now comprehending what the plant was communicating, Tolbiac knows that the Eden Log tree's cycle needs to return to a natural process rather than feeding off of humans, though human beings will no longer be able to use the tree's life cycle to power their cities. Using his authority, he walks into the tree's main chamber and plugs himself in. Like before in the botanists lab, he causes the tree to demonstrate explosive growth, which destroys the power plant and causes a full blackout. The tree's growth overruns the city where it covers everything in a lush green coating. In the final scene, the perspective focuses directly on Tolbiac's face as a single tear falls from his eye.
Production.
The film was Franck Vestiel's first as a director. "Eden Log" uses a muted palette. The film is shot with only hand-held cameras in underground locations below the surface, as well as in a sewer. A gray and blue multilevel set is used in "Eden Log", which, according to Vestiel, was designed to "avoid the look of the usual science fiction future [...] The last thing I wanted was for "Eden Log" to fall into the trap of those science fiction films where the characters live in super-sterile, bathroom-like environments. [...] And I did not want people to be able to date the film by identifying the technology, which is why I have no apparatuses, no dials, no buttons." The surrealistic landscapes of "Eden Log" were inspired by Vestiel's favorite films, such as "Escape From New York" and "Dawn of the Dead", and comics and literature, such as Frank Miller's "Daredevil" and "Métal Hurlant".
Release.
The film first appeared in North America at the Toronto International Film Festival, where it aired on 11 September and 13 September 2008.
Reception.
"Eden Log" receives an aggregated score of 43% from Rotten Tomatoes, based on seven reviews. The Toronto International Film Festival described the film as a "stunning sci-fi vision", in which Vestiel "created a decaying universe for his bewildered yet resourceful hero to explore". They noted that "Eden Log" appears to have been influenced by role-playing games and the works of Luc Besson, Marc Caro, Jean-Pierre Jeunet, and Darren Aronofsky, as well as channeling the "rich visual history of French comics, or "bandes dessinées", from magazines like "Métal Hurlant" and its American counterpart, "Heavy Metal"". Chris Cabin of Film Critic credited the film for its first 20 minutes of attention-grabbing action, but notes that the journey that Tolbiac takes is "more suited that of a video game programmer than a young filmmaker". Cabin wrote that the film does not emotionally connect with the viewer, and he gave the film 1.5 out of 5 stars. "Variety" remarked that the film is "bold", despite rehashing some cinematic qualities and sound design, concluding that the film "the most bang for limited bucks, with an eye-popping finale".

</doc>
<doc id="21411119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411119" title="Esbensen Bay">
Esbensen Bay

Esbensen Bay is a small bay southwest of Nattriss Head, along the southeast end of South Georgia. It was charted by the Second German Antarctic Expedition, 1911–12, under Filchner, and was named for Captain Wictor Esbensen, manager of the Compañía Argentina de Pesca whaling station at Grytviken, the first land-based whaling station in Antarctica.

</doc>
<doc id="21411121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411121" title="Third Man factor">
Third Man factor

The Third Man factor or Third Man syndrome refers to the reported situations where an unseen presence such as a "spirit" provides comfort or support during traumatic experiences. Sir Ernest Shackleton in his book "South", described his belief that an incorporeal being joined him and two others during the final leg of their journey. Shackleton wrote, "during that long and racking march of thirty-six hours over the unnamed mountains and glaciers of South Georgia, it seemed to me often that we were four, not three." His admission resulted in other survivors of extreme hardship coming forward.
In recent years well-known adventurers like climber Reinhold Messner and polar explorers Peter Hillary and Ann Bancroft have reported the experience. One study of cases involving adventurers reported that the largest group involved climbers, with solo sailors and shipwreck survivors being the second most common group, followed by polar explorers. Some journalists have related this to the concept of a guardian angel or imaginary friend. Scientific explanations consider this a coping mechanism or an example of bicameralism. The concept was popularized by a book by John G. Geiger "The Third Man Factor", that documents scores of examples.
Literary references.
Lines 359 through 365 of T. S. Eliot's groundbreaking modernist poem "The Waste Land" were inspired by Shackleton's experience, as stated by the author in the notes included with the work.
In the young adult fiction novel, 'The White Darkness' by Geraldine McCaughrean, the teen-age heroine, Sym, joins a doomed Antarctic expedition. Abandoned and lost, she is guided to safety by a "third man," her imaginary friend, Captain Lawrence Oates.
In the novel "World War Z", one chapter tells the story of Colonel Christina Eliopolis, a pilot that crashes in zombie-infested territory and is guided to safety by a radio operator. At the end of the chapter, Colonel Eliopolis' interviewer's questions imply the radio operator, code-named "Mets Fan", never actually existed—a "third man".
Thomas Pynchon's 2006 novel Against the Day makes reference to the experience.

</doc>
<doc id="21411135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411135" title="Opal Property Group">
Opal Property Group

Opal Property Group Limited, often referred to as Opal, is a company based in the United Kingdom which operates a number of large property developments in UK cities, targeted at students and private renters. Founded in 1998 by Stuart Wall, Opal is the largest provider of private student accommodation in the UK, providing accommodation for 20,000 students.
History.
The company was founded in 1998.
2013.
In March 2013, the company reported that one of its subsidiaries, Ocon Construction, was to be put into administration. The parent company Opal may be broken up if loan extensions with the banks cannot be agreed.
13 further Opal property subsidiaries in Liverpool, Manchester, Bradford, Dundee, Huddersfield, Leeds, Leicester, London and Wolverhampton went into administration in March.
As of April 2013, much of the various sub companies in the group were in the hands of administrators with various property management companies brought in to oversee the developments whilst buyers were sought.
Properties.
Opal's properties include:

</doc>
<doc id="21411136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411136" title="Mind the Gaps">
Mind the Gaps

Mind the Gaps is a state-level legislative campaign created by the Connecticut-based education advocacy organization ConnCAN. The stated goal of the campaign is to support "three commonsense school reforms—funding to grow high-performing public charter schools, teacher quality and education transparency—to help close Connecticut’s achievement gap."
The campaign was launched on February 5, 2009 alongside the website www.PleaseMindtheGaps.org. In its first official release, it uncovered budget gaps that it claimed would result in the loss of 695 seats for students in the state's charter schools. The website includes details of the policy agenda, a blog and a video produced by Kevin Munn featuring the principals of Elm City College Prep in New Haven, CT and Macdonough School in Middletown, CT.
Both the campaign name and logo reference the famous phrase Mind the Gap from the London Underground rapid transit system.
ConnCAN (Connecticut Coalition for Achievement Now) is an American think tank and state-level education advocacy group founded in January 2005, with offices in Hartford, Connecticut and New Haven, Connecticut.
Among the 48 board and advisory board members are Richard C. Levin, president of Yale University, Allan Taylor, chair of the Connecticut State Board of Education, and Ron Howard, Co-Chairman of Imagine Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="21411140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411140" title="The Belleville Outfit">
The Belleville Outfit

The Belleville Outfit was a cross-genre American folk band based out of Austin, Texas. Their sound has been described as "a mix of gypsy swing, big band jazz and cross-genre Americana music". In April 2007, after three days of practice, they performed their first gig at MerleFest in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. Members Rob Teter and Marshall Hood are from Spartanburg, South Carolina. Additional band members were recruited through connections Rob had made while studying music business at Loyola University New Orleans of New Orleans, Louisiana. Fellow students Jonathan Konya and Connor Forsyth left New Orleans for Austin to join the band that was to become The Belleville Outfit. Marshall Hood invited Austin’s darling Phoebe Hunt, who had been playing with the folk band The Hudsons out of Austin for four years. When the original bassist Jeff Brown retired from the Belleville Outfit, Connor brought in Nigel Frye, a talented bassist Connor knew from Tulsa, Oklahoma.
After releasing "Wanderin"' in February 2008 and "Time to Stand" in May 2009, the band was nominated for "best new and emerging artist" by the Americana Music Association.
Although the band is based in Austin, The Belleville Outfit is named for New Orleans, Louisiana, where Rob, Jon, and Connor met while studying the business of music management. Belle Ville means 'beautiful city' in French.
History.
After DesChamps "Champ" Hood (August 16, 1952 - November 3, 2001) of Uncle Walt's Band died, nephew Marshall Hood returned to Spartanburg, South Carolina inspired to play the guitar. Marshall Hood formed The DesChamps Band in March 2002 with friends Rob Teter and The Belleville Outfit's original bassist Jeff Brown. A year later, they recruited Matt Parks on fiddle to help create a tighter and more intimate vocal section. They regularly performed songs from the Uncle Walt's Band and eventually released 2 CDs. In April 2007, The DesChamps Band played a reunion performance (sans Parks) in Spartanburg. Phoebe Hunt, Conor Forsyth and Jonathan Konya were invited to perform as special guests that evening. A few days later, Teter, Marshall Hood & Brown, along with Hunt, Forsyth and Konya played as The Belleville Outfit at MerleFest. Although they performed and recorded mainly their own original material, The Belleville Outfit included songs from the Uncle Walt's Band in their shows as well as each of their CDs. On February 2, 2011, the band announced they would be disbanding.
Discography.
1. Somebody Like You
2. Caroline
3. Wanderin'
4. Wonder Why
5. Don't Take It for Granted
6. Ease My Mind
7. Houston Town
8. It's a Good Day
9. Been Here Before
10. Warm Summer's Evening
11. Tell Her for Me When I'm Gone
12. Too Far to Fall
1. Time to Stand
2. Sunday Morning
3. Nothing’s Too Good for My Baby
4. Let Me Go
5. Once and for All
6. Two Days of Darkness
7. Good as It Gets
8. She Went Away
9. Fly On
10. Safe
11. Will This End in Tears
12. Outside Looking Out
13. Love Me Like I Love You

</doc>
<doc id="21411148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411148" title="Scratchell's Bay">
Scratchell's Bay

Scratchell's Bay is a bay on the south west coast of the Isle of Wight, England just to the south east of The Needles. It faces roughly south towards the English Channel, it is 250m in length and is straight. The name is thought to have come from one of the many names for the Devil.
The beach which is made up mostly of shingle cannot be reached any other way than by boat, as there is no access from the top of the cliff. A small cave is located at the east end of the bay, near Sun Corner. 
The bay is best viewed from either the lookout point near the rocket launching facility or the Needles Old Battery National Trust property on the cliff top.
The wreck of a 19th-century iron-hulled sailing ship called the lies within the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="21411162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411162" title="Dan Gregory Blair">
Dan Gregory Blair

Dan Gregory Blair currently serves as the President and CEO of the National Academy of Public Administration, a congressionally chartered nonprofit whose mission is to improve public administration at the state, local and federal levels. Previously, he served as the first Chairman of the independent Postal Regulatory Commission, the successor agency to the former Postal Rate Commission. He was unanimously confirmed as a Commissioner of the former Postal Rate Commission on December 9, 2006 by the United States Senate and designated Chairman by President George W. Bush on December 15, 2006.
Biography.
Blair was born and raised in Joplin, Missouri and received a Bachelor of Journalism degree from the School of Journalism at the University of Missouri in 1981 and his Juris Doctor from the School of Law at the University of Missouri in 1984. As of 2009 Blair and his wife reside in Washington, D.C.
Career.
Early career.
Prior to joining OPM, Blair served on Capitol Hill, having worked for nearly 17 years on the staffs of both House and Senate committees charged with postal and civil service oversight.
From 1998 through 2001, Blair served as Senior Counsel to Senator Fred Thompson (R-TN) on the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs. Mr. Blair was responsible for review of legislation and policy affecting the federal civil service, the USPS, federal budget process, government ethics, and federal lobbying reform. Prior to joining the Committee on Governmental Affairs, Mr. Blair served as Staff Director for the House of Representatives Subcommittee on the Postal Service. Mr. Blair was responsible for directing the Subcommittee's oversight of the USPS and directed the development of comprehensive postal reform legislation. Mr. Blair also served as Minority General Counsel for the House of Representatives Committee on Post Office and Civil Service from 1985 to 1994.
Prior to coming to the Commission, Mr. Blair served as Deputy Director of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. He was nominated by President George W. Bush on December 20, 2001 and confirmed by the United States Senate on February 13, 2002. In addition to serving as Deputy Director, Mr. Blair was Acting Director of OPM for five months prior to the confirmation of Linda M. Springer as Director in July 2005.
Later career.
As OPM Deputy Director, Blair represented the agency on a number of important external initiatives and has been responsible for many internal reform efforts. Blair also headed OPM's effort to "fix the hiring process" for the Federal Government and actively sought ways to provide agencies with the human resources tools necessary to streamline and reform their processes. Blair also chaired OPM's outreach program to veterans through his work and meetings with veterans service organizations. In recognition of his sustained contribution to the field of public administration through public service, Mr. Blair was elected as a Fellow of the National Academy of Public Administration in 2008.
In addition, Blair served on the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, the federal council of Presidentially-appointed and Senate-confirmed Inspectors General and frequently worked with the Chief Human Capital Officers Council and federal agencies in helping implement the President's Management Agenda and in overseeing critical human capital reforms at the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security. Blair represented OPM as a witness before U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives committees on a variety of issues, including pension and health benefits liabilities affecting the U.S. Postal Service.

</doc>
<doc id="21411172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411172" title="Public image of Bill Clinton">
Public image of Bill Clinton

Former U.S. President Bill Clinton's public image is most notably characterized by high public approval ratings, aided by his youthful appearance, as well as his charismatic, and soundbite-ready style of speech. His personal background and lifestyle lead to Nobel winning novelist Toni Morrison to call him the first "black president". Clinton was also dogged by investigations throughout his presidency, particularly of sexual misconduct, damaging the public's beliefs of his trustworthiness, though his approval ratings remained high, even as his impeachment trial continued.
Public approval.
Clinton's job approval rating ranged from 36% in mid-1993 to 64% in late 1993 and early 1994. In his second term, his rating was consistently ranged from the high-50s to the high-60s. After his impeachment proceedings in 1998 and 1999, Clinton's rating reached its highest point at 73% approval. He finished with a Gallup poll approval rating of 68%, higher than that of every other departing president measured since Harry Truman.
As he was leaving office, a CNN/USA TODAY/Gallup poll revealed 45% said they'd miss him. While 55% thought he "would have something worthwhile to contribute and should remain active in public life", 68% thought he'd be remembered for his "involvement in personal scandal", and 58% answered "No" to the question "Do you generally think Bill Clinton is honest and trustworthy?". 47% of the respondents identified themselves as being Clinton supporters. 47% said he would be remembered as either "outstanding" or "above average" as a president while 22% said he would be remembered as "below average" or "poor".
The Gallup Organization published a poll in February 2007 asking respondents to name the greatest president in U.S. history; Clinton came in fourth place, capturing 13% of the vote. In a 2006 Quinnipiac University Polling Institute poll asking respondents to name the best president since World War II, Clinton ranked 3% behind Ronald Reagan to place second with 25% of the vote. However, in the same poll, when respondents were asked to name the worst president since World War II, Clinton placed 1% behind Richard Nixon and 18% behind George W. Bush to come in third with 16% of the vote.
In May 2006, a CNN poll comparing Clinton's job performance with that of his successor, George W. Bush, found that a strong majority of respondents said Clinton outperformed Bush in six different areas questioned. ABC News characterized public consensus on Clinton as, "You can't trust him, he's got weak morals and ethicsand he's done a heck of a good job." Clinton's 65% Gallup Poll approval rating was also the highest Gallup approval rating of any Postwar President leaving office, one point ahead of Reagan.
Public image.
As the first Baby Boomer president, Clinton was the first president in a half-century not to have been alive during World War II. Authors Martin Walker and Bob Woodward state Clinton's innovative use of soundbite-ready dialogue, personal charisma, and public perception-oriented campaigning was responsible for his high public approval ratings. When Clinton played the saxophone on "The Arsenio Hall Show", Clinton was sometimes described by religious conservatives as "the MTV president." Since 2000, he has frequently been referred to as "The Big Dog" or "Big Dog." His prominent role in campaigning for President Obama during the 2012 presidential election and his widely-publicised speech at the 2012 Democratic National Convention, where he officially nominated Obama and criticised Republican nominee Mitt Romney and Republican policies in detail, earned him the nickname "Explainer-in-Chief". Other nicknames include "Slick Willie", "The Comeback Kid" and "The First Black President".
Popularity among African-Americans.
Clinton drew strong support from the African American community and made improving race relations a major theme of his presidency. In 1998, Nobel Prize-winning author Toni Morrison in The New Yorker called Clinton "the first Black president," saying, "Clinton displays almost every trope of blackness: single-parent household, born poor, working-class, saxophone-playing, McDonald's-and-junk-food-loving boy from Arkansas," and comparing Clinton's sex life, scrutinized despite his career accomplishments, to the stereotyping and double standards that blacks typically endure.
In 2008, Morrison's sentiments were raised anew as Barack Obama, who would later become the country's first African-American President, ran for the presidency. After endorsing Obama, Morrison distanced herself from her 1998 remark about Clinton, saying that it was misunderstood. She alleged that she has "no idea what his real instincts are, in terms of race" and claimed she was only describing the way he was being treated during the impeachment trial as an equivalent to a poor black person living in the ghetto. Obama himself, when asked in a Democratic debate about Morrison's declaration of Clinton as "black", replied that Clinton had an enormous "affinity" with the black community, but joked he would need to see Clinton's dancing ability before judging him to be black.
Sexual misconduct allegations.
Throughout his career, Clinton has been subject to various allegations of sexual misconduct, though only his extramarital sexual relationships with Lewinsky and Flowers have been admitted by him.
For alleged misconduct during his governorship Paula Jones brought a sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton while he was president. Clinton argued that as a sitting president, he should not be vulnerable to a civil suit of this nature. The case landed in the U.S. Supreme Court. The Supreme Court held that "Deferral of this litigation until petitioner's Presidency ends is not constitutionally required."
However, Republican judge Susan Webber Wright of Arkansas dismissed the case. Soon afterwards, Jones appealed the dismissal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
During the deposition for the Jones lawsuit which was held at the White House, Clinton denied having sexual relations with Monica Lewinskya denial that became the basis for the impeachment charge of perjury.
On November 18, 1998, Clinton agreed to an out-of-court settlement, and agreed to pay Jones and her attorneys a sum of $850,000.00. Clinton, however, still offered no apology to Jones and still denied ever engaging in a sexual affair with her.
In 1998, Kathleen Willey alleged Clinton sexually assaulted her four years previously. In 1998, Juanita Broaddrick alleged she was raped by Clinton some twenty years previously. The independent counsel determined Willey gave "false information" to the FBI and inconsistent sworn testimony related to the Jones allegation. Broaddrick's only sworn testimony about Clinton was a previous denial of any harassment by Clinton. Gennifer Flowers, Elizabeth Ward Gracen, Sally Perdue and Dolly Kyle Browning – claimed to have had adulterous sexual relations with Clinton during or before his service as governor. Gracen later apologized to Hillary Clinton for having sex with Bill. After Gracen made her claim, Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr issued a subpoena to have her testify in court. Gracen, however, eluded the subpoena.
Dolly Kyle Browning alleged that she and Clinton engaged in a long sexual affair between the years of 1959 and 1992. Browning began writing a "semi-autobiographical novel" about the affair. In the publication process, Browning claims that Clinton did everything in his power to prohibit and undermine publication. Browning sued Clinton for damages, but the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied her appeal.
Arkansas Project.
It has been alleged that many Republican advocates, most notably newspaper owner Richard Mellon Scaife, had organized a fundraising campaign to smear Clinton's image in the media during his time in office. Leading the Arkansas Project, Scaife and other associates sought to find sources in Clinton's home state of Arkansas who would be willing to dish out negative allegations against the President. New York publisher Joan Bingham noted that Scaife told her and a fellow Democrat during a luncheon in August 1994 that "We're going to get Clinton, and you'll be much happier because Al Gore will be president."
Scaife would get involved in numerous anti-Clinton activities. He gave $2.3 million to the American Spectator magazine to dig up dirt on Clinton and supported other conservative groups that harassed the president and his administration. The White House and its allies responded by fingering Scaife as the central figure in "a vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president," as Hillary Rodham Clinton described it. James Carville, Clinton's former campaign aide and rabid defender, called Scaife "the archconservative godfather in heavily funded war against the president." In 1999, however, Scaife's key aide Richard Larry confessed to the Washington Post that he, not Scaife, was the mastermind behind the Arkansas Project.

</doc>
<doc id="21411176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411176" title="Lahore (film)">
Lahore (film)

Lahore () is a 2010 Bollywood sports film that was released on March 19, 2010. It was directed by Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan and produced by Vivek Khatkar, with Sai Om Films Pvt. Ltd.’s, and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The movie is loosely based on American martial arts movie "Best of the Best".
The film stars debutants Aanaahad and Shraddha Das in lead roles and has veteran actors like Farouque Shaikh, Nafisa Ali, Nirmal Pandey, Sushant Singh, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Saurabh Shukla, Ashish Vidyarthi, Kelly Dorji, Mukesh Rishi, K Jeeva, Shraddha Nigam in key roles.
Plot.
An Indian kickboxer defeats a Pakistani kickboxer in an international tournament. But the event ends in a tragedy due to the Pakistani players intemperance. Will the peace process, initiated by the two countries lose its momentum, especially when the Indian hero's brother is determined to avenge his family and country during a second international bout that is being held in Lahore?
Production.
The film was shot in Delhi, Mumbai, Lahore, Hyderabad, Ladakh, Lonavala, Malaysia, Bhiwandi, Chembur, Ghatkopar, and Chinchpokli.
Hollywood's master Tony Leung Siu Hung was the action choreographer of "Lahore". The background score was by Wayne Sharpe. Lisbeth Scott of "Avatar", "Munich", and "Chronicles of Narnia" fame has sung vocals for "Lahore" — her first Asian film. Rob Miller, who earlier won a Filmfare award for "Chak De! India" (2007), is "Lahore"'s sports consultant. MM Kreem has done the music.
Home release.
"Lahore"'s DVDs and VCDs are available in Hindi with English subtitles on Moserbaer Home Video. The DVD also features the making of the film.
International awards and recognition.
"Lahore" has won international awards including Special Jury Award at the 42nd WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival, Best Actor - Aanaahad at Tenerife International Film Festival (UK), Most Aspiring Film Maker (Sanjay Chauhan) at Filmmakers International Film Festival (UK), Best actor - Aanaahad - at Salento International Film Festival, Italy and had all six nominations at Asian Festival Of First Films, Singapore.
National film awards.
After setting the international festival circuits ablaze, Lahore bagged two awards at the 57th National Film Awards, Indira Gandhi Award for Best First Film of a Director went to producer Vivek Khatkar and director Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan while Farooque Shaikh won National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Criticism.
The film was not released in Pakistan as it was regarded there as portraying Pakistan in a bad light.
Other awards and nominations.
Nominated
Nominated
Subtitles.
The film subtitles major places in either Devanagari for India or Nastaleeq for Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21411193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411193" title="1986 Paris Open – Singles">
1986 Paris Open – Singles

Boris Becker won in the final 6–4, 6–3, 7–6 against Sergio Casal.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21411195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411195" title="Vatten">
Vatten

Vatten may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21411197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411197" title="Ward 3 of the District of Columbia">
Ward 3 of the District of Columbia

Ward 3 is one of eight wards of the District of Columbia. The incumbent councilmember is Mary Cheh.

</doc>
<doc id="21411207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411207" title="Aozora tenshi">
Aozora tenshi

, literally: "Blue Sky Angel", is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.

</doc>
<doc id="21411234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411234" title="Strand Road Crossing">
Strand Road Crossing

Strand Road Crossing is the current terminus of the passenger services that are operated by Ribble Steam Railway. A proposed station could be built here.
Current location.
Currently, the crossing is three railway lines which are situated just before the railway crossing, that leads to Preston railway station. Services to the crossing, stop here, the engine runs round the train, and then couples back up and sets off back to Riversway.
Next to the crossing and sidings, there is a large road, with some shops down one side. There is also the Portway terminus of Preston's park and ride service. walking trails, and other attractions are also nearby.
Future plans.
Because the railway is quite a way from Preston city centre, it is not well advertised. The train services that Ribble run just terminate at the station, but proposals have been made for a station platform to be constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="21411241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411241" title="StatView">
StatView

StatView was a statistics application released for Apple Macintosh computers in 1985.
StatView was one of the first statistics applications to have a graphical user interface, capitalizing on the Macintosh's. A user saw a spreadsheet of his or her data, comprising columns that could be integers, long integers, real numbers, strings, or "categories", and rows that were usually cases (such as individual people for psychology data). Columns had informative headings; rows were numbered. Category data looked like strings (e.g., a column headed "sex" would have entries of "male" and "female", but these were coded by the application as integers). Category data were used to perform inferential statistical tests such as t tests, ANOVAs, and chi square tests. To calculate statistics, a user clicked on particular column headings, designating them as an "x value" and one or more "y values". Then the user used the application's menus to choose descriptive statistics or inferential statistics.
For example, a user's spreadsheet might contain columns for names of a participant in a survey (a string), sex (a category variable), IQ (integer), and years using a PC (real). By designating number of years using a PC as an "x variable" and IQ as a "y variable", the user could then choose from a menu to perform a regression. The user then had to choose from another menu how to view the regression in a separate window, either as a table, in which case the regression equation and ANOVA were displayed, or as a scattergram, in which case a graph of the data and the regression line were shown. Contents of the analysis window could be copied either as text or as a PICT.
StatView was initially distributed by BrainPower Inc from California. It grew up with the Macintosh, changing owners along the way. StatView 3 to 5 were distributed by Abacus Corporation. It was then bought by SAS who discontinued it in favour of JMP. The application continued to run under Classic emulation with Apple's Mac OS X, but could not run on Intel Macintoshes. In 2014, it still runs under OS 10.7.5 emulation using Basilisk II.
StatView 2 was called "StatView SE + Graphics". It included ANOVA with one repeated-measure and, remarkably, a factor analysis. In StatView 4, the user approach changed from touching the to-be-analyzed data in the spreadsheet to clicking on column names in a separate window. This lack of immediacy was compensated for by an increase in the number of statistical tests that could be performed and in the power of existing tests. For example, multiway repeated-measures factors could be included in ANOVAs, with the only limit being the memory allocated to the application. There were ANCOVA and MANOVA too. StatView 4 also became available for PCs.
Statview 5.01 for Windows runs without issue on Windows XP, Windows 7 Home and Pro, both 32- and 64-bit systems. (This does not appear to actually be the case, the only method on Windows 7 appears to be using XP Mode.) It appears to run without issue in Windows 8 under Classic Shell. Despite its lack of availability and support and the difficulty of running the application on Mac computers current in 2009, StatView still has some loyal users.

</doc>
<doc id="21411245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411245" title="Kurt Demmler">
Kurt Demmler

Kurt Demmler, born Kurt Abramowitz (12 September 1943 Posen – 3 February 2009 Berlin) was a German songwriter. He was a noted lyricist and songwriter for many German rock bands.
Some of his compositions, like “Come Into My Guitar Boat” and “Every Person Can Love Everyone”, were award-winning works.
In 2009, Demmler was to stand trial for sexual abuse, stemming from accusations that he molested underage girls between 1995 and 1999 during trials for a female pop group. The day of the trial, Demmler hanged himself in his jail cell. He was 65.

</doc>
<doc id="21411275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411275" title="International Anti-Corruption Day">
International Anti-Corruption Day

International Anti-Corruption Day has been observed annually, on 9 December, since the passage of the United Nations Convention Against Corruption on 31 October 2003.
Background.
The Convention states, in part, that the UN is: 
"concerned about the seriousness of problems and threats posed by corruption to the stability and security of societies, undermining the institutions and values of democracy, ethical values and justice and jeopardizing sustainable development and the rule of law" 
and delegates to the Convention the power to: 
"promote and strengthen measures to prevent and combat corruption more efficiently and effectively... promote, facilitate and support international cooperation and technical assistance in the prevention of and fight against corruption… promote integrity, accountability and proper management of public affairs and public property…"
Your NO counts campaign.
The "Your NO Counts" campaign is a joint international campaign created by the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to mark International Anti-Corruption Day (9 December) and raise awareness about corruption and how to fight it.
The 2009 joint international campaign focused on how corruption hinders efforts to achieve the internationally agreed upon MDGs, undermines democracy and the rule of law, leads to human rights violations, distorts markets, erodes quality of life and allows organized crime, terrorism and other threats to human security to flourish.

</doc>
<doc id="21411280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411280" title="142nd meridian west">
142nd meridian west

The meridian 142° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 142nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 38th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 142nd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21411308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411308" title="Marcel Aubert">
Marcel Aubert

Marcel Aubert (April 9, 1884 – December 28, 1962) was a French art historian.
Life.
Marcel Aubert was the son of an architect who died when he was only seven years old. Following his studies at the Lycée Condorcet, he entered the École Nationale des Chartes where he wrote a thesis on the Cathedral of Senlis in 1907 and won the goodwill of his professor Robert de Lasteyrie. 
He was named attache to the printing department of the National Library in 1909, and then assistant librarian in the prints department in 1911. He retained this post until 1919 (with three years' captivity in Germany).
In 1920, Aubert moved into the world of museums, taking a position at the Louvre as assistant to Paul Vitry in the department of Medieval, Renaissance, and Modern Sculpture. He succeeded Vitry as chief curator in 1940 and was soon named senior curator of the National Museums, a post that he occupied until his retirement in 1955, as well as being curator of the Musée Rodin and the Institut de France's Musée Condé in the Chateau de Chantilly. 
In tandem with his career as a curator, Aubert taught throughout his working life. He succeeded to Eugène Lefèvre-Pontalis' chair of Medieval Archaeology at the École des Chartes in 1924, where he taught for nearly 30 years. He also taught at the École du Louvre as associate professor of Industrial Arts from 1921 to 1924 and as professor of Sculpture from 1940 to 1949, and at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in the chair of French Architecture from 1929 to 1934 and the chair of Medieval Archaeology starting in 1937.
Aubert worked mostly in the field of medieval architecture, but he was also interested in sculpture. He is also considered one of the fathers of the history of stained glass. He showed that not only is architectural evolution a consequence of the tastes of the time, but also of the mastery of techniques. Aubert is counted among the first of the teachers of French art history.
Aubert was elected to the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-lettres (Academy of Humanities) in 1934. In 1936, he was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Works.
Only Aubert's monographs and his university works are listed here. For more information, see "Bibliographie des travaux scientifiques de M. Marcel Aubert", Paris: Société française d'archéologie, 1948, which contains all his publications up till 1948, 297 in number.

</doc>
<doc id="21411317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411317" title="Whitlocks Mill Light">
Whitlocks Mill Light

The Whitlocks Mill Light on the St. Croix River is the northernmost lighthouse in the state of Maine, and the last light to be built in the state.
History.
This light marks a bend in the river, and was established as a light station in 1892. The original light was a lantern hung in the tree by the local miller after whom the station was named. In 1910 a more permanent station was constructed, consisting of a keeper's house, oil house, pyramidal fog bell tower, and a cylindrical brick tower with an unusual tile lining. A fourth order Fresnel lens was mounted.
In 1969 the light was automated, and the Fresnel lens was replaced with a standard optic. The old lens was later put on display at the Shore Village Museum in Rockland (now part of the Maine Lighthouse Museum). In 2009, the 250mm optic was replaced with an LED VLB-44. Beginning in 1970, the station was leased to the Washington County Vocational Technical Institute; eventually the keeper's house and grounds passed into private hands, but the Coast Guard retained ownership of the light tower itself.
In 1999 the tower was deeded to the St. Croix Historical Society as part of the Maine Lighthouse Program, a precursor to the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act. The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Whitlocks Mill Light Station on January 21, 1988, reference number 87002276.

</doc>
<doc id="21411325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411325" title="CDR computerized assessment system">
CDR computerized assessment system

The CDR computerized assessment system (CDR system) is a computerized battery of cognitive tests designed in the late 1970s by Professor Keith Wesnes at the University of Reading in Berkshire, England, for repeated testing in clinical trials. Task stimuli are presented in a laptop computer and participants respond via ‘YES’ and ‘NO’ buttons on a two-button response box, which records both the accuracy and reaction time. 
The CDR system is a computer based cognitive testing tool, developed to assess both enhancement and impairment of human cognitive performance. The CDR system’s simplicity, sensitivity and specificity makes it acceptable to be used in clinical trials with either healthy subjects or diseased patient populations. The CDR system software is loaded onto laptop computers for testing in medical clinics. An internet version of the CDR system is available using keyboard commands to measure responses. Ancillary equipment is used for specific cognitive tests such as a postural stability (sway) meter, a critical flicker fusion device or joysticks for CDR’s tracking test.
The CDR system is a series of brief neuropsychological tests that assess major aspects of cognitive function known to be influenced by a wide variety of factors including trauma, fatigue, stress, nutrition, ageing, disease (both physical and mental), medicines and drugs. The standard battery of cognitive tests in The CDR system includes immediate/delayed word recall, word recognition, picture recognition, simple reaction time, digit vigilance, choice reaction time, numeric working memory, and spatial working memory. Individual tests can be added to or removed from the battery to target specific cognitive domains. Examples of tests that can be added include measurements of executive function, mood states, social cognition, motor function and postural stability. The standard battery of tests lasts 18 minutes.
The CDR system tasks have proven validity in definitively measuring cognitive function in a variety of domains including attention, working memory, episodic secondary memory, executive function, and motor skill.
In September, 2009, Cognitive Drug Research was acquired by United BioSource Corporation. UBC division Bracket continues to offer the CDR System for use in clinical research.
Referenced publications/abstracts.
1. Effects of Rivastigmine on Cognitive Function in Dementia with Lewy Bodies: A Randomised Placebo-Controlled International Study Using the Cognitive Drug Research Computerised Assessment System I.G. McKeithb, R. Ferrarac, M. Emree, T. Del Serf, P.F. Spanod, A. Cicin-Saing, R. Anandh, R. Spiegelg 
2. P.M. Simpson, J.Surmonk (1991) The Cognitive Drug Research Computerized Assessment System for Demented Patients: A Validated Study 
3. The cognitive drug research computerized assessment system in the evaluation of early dementia-is speed of the essence
4. Moon G, Manktelow TC (2002) Cognitive deficits in recently diagnosed untreated patients with Parkinson’s disease Journal of Psychopharmacology 16 (Suppl.): A31 
5. Efficacy of rivastigmine in dementia with Lewy bodies: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled international study The Lancet, Volume 356, Issue 9247, Pages 2031–2036 I.McKeith, T.Del Ser, P.Spano, M.Emre, K.Wesnes, R.Anand, A.Cicin-Sain, R.Ferrara, R.Spiegel
6. Macher J-P (2004) Modafinil reverses the marked attentional deficits produced by acute sleep deprivation in healthy volunteers. Journal of Psychopharmacology 18 (Suppl): A48
7. Cognitive Performance in Hypertensive and Normotensive Older Subjects
8. Neuman E, et al. (1994). Pharmacodynamic effects of a repeated oral administration of 4 dose levels of S 12024-2 in 36 elderly volunteers. Neurobiology of Aging 15: S100 
9. Quantifying fluctuation in dementia with Lewy bodies, Alzheimer’s disease, and Vascular Dementia M. P. Walker, PhD, G. A. Ayre, PhD, J. L. Cummings, MD, I. G. McKeith, MD, J. T. O’Brien, DM and C. G. Ballard, MD
10. K, Mayleben D, Roth A, Corser B, Nandy P, Harris S, Perhach J (2004) Dose and time dependent discrimination of daytime sleepiness measured by multiple sleep latency tests (MSLT), Psychomotor performance tests (PPT) and Stanford Sleepiness Scale (SSS) after a single AM administration of a sedative hypnotic drug Sleep 27: A49 
11. Simpson PM (1994) The construct validity of the cognitive drug research computerised assessment system. Journal of Psychopharmacology 8 (Suppl).: A20.
12. White, L, Simpson P, Herting R, Schwartz P (1994) Further evaluations of the criterion validity of the CDR computerised assessment system Journal of Psychopharmacology 8 (Suppl).: A21 
13. Clinical Research (2000). The value of assessing cognitive function in drug development: Dialogues in Clinical Neuroscience 2: 183–202. (Lib: 86)

</doc>
<doc id="21411327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411327" title="Othello (1955 film)">
Othello (1955 film)

Othello () is a 1955 Soviet drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich, based on the play "Othello" by William Shakespeare. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival, where Yutkevich received the Best Director Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21411328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411328" title="Safe Harbor (film)">
Safe Harbor (film)

Safe Harbor is a 2009 television film based on a true story starring Treat Williams and Nancy Travis. The film first aired on Hallmark Channel on May 30, 2009.
Plot summary.
Doug (Treat Williams) and Robbie Smith (Nancy Travis) are a happily married couple about to retire and spend their days cruising around the world on their sailboat. But before they have the chance to leave, their good friend Judge David Roberts (Orson Bean), asks them to care for two teenage boys he sentenced to juvenile hall. The facility is currently at capacity and instead of being sent to county jail, the judge tells the couple that the boys can help them prepare their boat for sailing day. The Smiths agree and soon take on two more boys with similar circumstances.
The Smiths are soon faced with a variety of challenges from the boys ranging from their surly attitude, to a fire. Ultimately Doug and Robbie see positive changes in the four young men who are now reluctant to leave their new "family." Doug and Robbie also see changes in themselves as they rethink their sailing trip, their decision not to have children, and what their future now holds.
True Story.
Doug and Robbie Smith founded a residential educational program for at risk teen-aged boys on the Saint Johns River in Jacksonville, Florida. The Smiths' program teaches troubled teens the maritime skills of voyaging under sail and under power, navigation; valuable vocational skills such as engine repair, electrical and welding along with a strong academic program. The combination helps turn troubled boys into responsible young men. 
The program has been in existence for over 25 years. The Safe Harbor academic and vocational education, teamed with the structure, discipline and love they receive has resulted in a 95% success rate with the boys served by the program.
Screenwriter Josef Anderson and Executive Producer Norton Wright spent hours interviewing Doug and Robbie Smith.
Reception.
"Safe Harbor" did moderately for Hallmark Channel during its premiere. The film ranked among the top 5 for household and key demographics. It also ranked as the second-highest-rated ad-supported cable movie of the day and fourth-highest-rated of the week, delivering a 1.8 household rating with 1.5 million homes, over 2 million total viewers and 3.2 million unduplicated viewers. 
Reviews were moderately positive. The "NY Daily News" called it an expected delivery of "decent people, solid values, a general sense that there's more good than bad in the world." They also called it "heartwarming."
Critic Laura Fries from "Variety" says She also states that "obstacles and resistance are too easily overcome" and that there are deep characterizations of "good" and "bad" people, but that the talent of the cast makes it almost believable.

</doc>
<doc id="21411334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411334" title="Necesito Más de Ti">
Necesito Más de Ti

Necesito Más de Ti ("I Need More From You") is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Duelo. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="21411342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411342" title="Dan Connolly (musician)">
Dan Connolly (musician)

Dan Connolly is a singer-songwriter, guitarist, pianist and Irish drummer. He recently started his music career in earnest, drawing from a varied background. With an extensive repertoire of ballads and fusion rock. Connolly now has a band that includes violinist Geoffrey Castle and other Seattle musicians.
History.
The son of first generation Irish immigrants, Connolly's father introduced him to music, most notably in the form of traditional Irish folk. He was raised in a house constantly flooded with music ranging from 200-year-old Celtic songs, to Frank Sinatra, Miles Davis and the Beatles.
As a diver in the United States Navy’s elite Explosive Ordnance Disposal team, Connolly traveled the world to dive and defuse underwater bombs in some of the most war-torn places on earth. Between missions, Connolly wrote and performed for thousands aboard aircraft carriers and various ports around the world.
It was during his travels through South America that his potential as a musician was fully realized. During fall 2005 in Bogotá, Colombia, Connolly was “discovered” by a local producer and brought to a studio to record some of his early work.
Connolly has since recorded with legendary violinist Geoffrey Castle and other notable musicians. At home in Seattle, he performs regularly, both solo and with his band, at venues around the Pacific Northwest, and was invited to play one of his compositions, “The Compassion Song,” for His Holiness the Dalai Lama during a visit to Seattle in April 2008. His debut CD called "Running Under Water" was released in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21411349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411349" title="The Bear That Couldn't Sleep">
The Bear That Couldn't Sleep

"The Bear That Couldn't Sleep" is a 1939 animated short film, directed by Rudolf Ising for MGM as part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer' "Barney Bear" series. Released with the movie "6,000 Enemies" by MGM on June 10, 1939, the short is notable for featuring the first appearance of Barney Bear. Ising created the character Barney Bear in the late 1930s for MGM at this time, basing the sleepy-eyed character partially on himself.
Plot.
As autumn draws to a close, Barney Bear prepares for his long winter's hibernation, but water leaks, a loose shutter, a noisy fire, a teakettle left on, and some stray embers all get in the way and keep him up until spring.
After Barney puts a "Do Not Disturb until Spring" sign on his front door, he locks it and sets his alarm to go off at Spring. When he finally heads to bed, he ties up a leaking vine and accidentally bursts his hot water bottle with his weight. The leaky vine he tied up also bursts, pouring water all over him and his window bursts open, thanks to the wind, and blows snow all over him. Barney finally boards the window up, and tries to go to sleep until the fireplace cracks and makes the kettle whistle. Barney removes the kettle, only to have some coal fly up from the fireplace and down his pants from behind and set his rear end on fire. Barney cools his backside down on some snow, but finds he can't get back inside his house because he door gets automatically locked and his window was boarded up from earlier. Barney crashes through his boarded up window and is still insomniac, mainly because of his record player which he destroys in seconds. With Spring closing in, Barney tries counting sheep and finally goes to sleep, only for his alarm clock to go off and looks outside his window to see that Winter is over, and unhappily mutters "Spring!"
Soundtrack.
Written by Johannes Brahms
Played in the score
Written by Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
In the score for the spring sign
Reprised when spring arrives
Written by Henry Clay Work
Played in the score
Music by Jimmie Rodgers
Played and sung on a record
Written by E. P. Christy
Played in the score

</doc>
<doc id="21411364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411364" title="Pınar İlkkaracan">
Pınar İlkkaracan

Pınar İlkkaracan is a researcher trained both in psychotherapy and political science and a human rights activist. She is the co-founder of two NGOs, "Women for Women’s Human Rights" (WWHR) – NEW WAYS, a women’s NGO that led various successful legal reforms in Turkey towards gender equality in Turkey and the "Coalition for Sexual and Bodily Rights" (CSBR), a network of leading organizations and academics from 14 Muslim countries.
Pınar İlkkaracan is the editor of "Women and Sexuality in Muslim Societies" (translated into Arabic and Turkish) and "Deconstructing Sexuality in the Middle East" (2008), as well as many other articles. She was awarded the prestigious Gruber Prize for Women’s Rights of The Peter and Patricia Gruber Foundation in 2007 for her leadership for women’s rights at the global level.

</doc>
<doc id="21411393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411393" title="Texas State Bobcats football">
Texas State Bobcats football

The Texas State Bobcats football program is a college football team that represents Texas State University. They currently play in the Sun Belt Conference. The program began in 1904 and has an overall winning record. The program has a total of fourteen conference titles, nine of them being all out conference titles. Since the 2011 season, the Bobcats have been coached by Dennis Franchione, and home games are played at Bobcat Stadium in San Marcos, Texas.
Given that the school has grown to become the fifth-largest university in Texas, and one of the 75 largest universities in the United States, it has now taken its football program to the Football Bowl Subdvision of NCAA football.
The team became a member of the FBS Western Athletic Conference in 2012. After only one season in the WAC, Texas State moved to the Sun Belt Conference. Texas State joined the league in July 2013 and begin conference play for the 2013-2014 academic year.
Championship history.
In 2005, Texas State split the Southland Conference title with rival Nicholls State, and advanced to the Division I-AA football playoffs for the first time since the 1980s, losing in the semifinal to eventual national runner-up Northern Iowa, and finishing with an 11-3 record.
In 2008, Texas State overcame a 21-0 deficit to win the Southland Conference championship with a 48-45 overtime victory against Sam Houston State, its first outright league title since 1982.
Texas State joined the WAC effective July 1, 2012.
Conference championships.
Only nine of Texas State's fourteen conference titles are outright titles. The other five are shared titles. 
† Denotes shared title. Reference: *[http://txstatebobcats.cstv.com/sports/m-footbl/archive/092304aaa.html]
Conference affiliations
No Team: 1905–1908, 1917, 1942–1945
All-time record vs. Sun Belt teams.
Official record (including any NCAA imposed vacates and forfeits) against all current CUSA opponents as of the start of the 2014 season:
Rivalries.
Texas State football maintains one current rivalry with the UTSA Roadrunners and have a number of defunct rivalries caused by conference realignment.
Current rivalries.
I-35 Maroon/Orange Rivalry - UTSA Roadrunners
Texas State and UT-San Antonio faced off for the first time in the football continuation of the I-35 Maroon/Orange Rivalry between the two schools in the Alamodome November 24, 2012. The Bobcats lost the game to the UTSA Roadrunners by a score of 38 to 31 and, thus hold an 0 - 1 disadvantage to UTSA. The future of the rivalry is in question, as Texas State will be moving to the Sun Belt Conference in 2013 and UT-San Antonio will move to Conference USA. Texas State has proposed a home and home series between the two schools every year, while UTSA prefers to play in the Alamodome every year with the two teams alternating as the "home" team every year financially. UTSA is not listed on Texas State's 2013 football schedule.
Defunct rivalries.
Sam Houston State Bearkats
Texas State and Sam Houston State faced each other 89 times on the gridiron between 1919 and 2011, making the Bearkats the most familiar Bobcat rival in program history. Both programs have experienced long runs of success and failure throughout their histories, and the rivalry was strengthened further by geographical proximity, cultural differences, and being peer institutions in the same university system.
After Texas State's move to FBS and the WAC in 2012, the series was discontinued. Sam Houston State won the most recent tilt between the two teams in San Marcos on November 19, 2011 by a score of 36-14. It is unknown whether the two schools will schedule each other for future matchups.
Texas State currently holds a 48-36-4 series lead.
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks
The Lumberjacks and Bobcats played each other continuously through multiple conference realignments and name changes from 1923-2012. The rivalry has mostly been based on proximity and familiarity rather than parity and competitiveness between the two programs, as one program has generally been successful while the other has struggled.
Texas State won the latest tilt between the two foes in San Marcos, 41-37, on September 22, 2012. It is unknown whether the two schools will continue to schedule each other in the future, and SFA is not listed on Texas State's 2013 schedule.
Texas State currently holds a 57-29-1 series lead.
Battle for the Paddle - Nicholls State Colonels
In fall 1998, just before the Bobcats were scheduled to take on the Nicholls State Colonels, rains flooded San Marcos and the field at Bobcat Stadium. Athletic directors and coaches from each school decided not to continue with the game and coined the annual contest named "Battle for the Paddle," joking that fans and athletes needed to use a boat and paddle to get to the game. The game eventually took place on November 28, 1998 with the Bobcats prevailing 28-27 to win the Paddle.
NSU Athletic Director Rob Bernardi brought controversy to the final chapter of the rivalry in 2011, when he refused to bring the Paddle to San Marcos due to Texas State having a scholarship advantage as an FCS transitional school. Texas State players and fans made their own paddles in response, and the Bobcats won 38-12. It is unknown whether the two schools will schedule each other in the future.
Nicholls State currently holds the series lead, 16-14.
SWT vs. A&I - Texas A&M-Kingsville Javelinas
The Bobcats and Javelinas were fierce rivals in the Lone Star Conference from the year of entry of TAMU-Kingsville (then Texas A&I University) into the LSC in 1954 to the year of departure of Texas State (then Southwest Texas State University) to the Gulf Star Conference in 1984. However, by the time of TAMU-Kingsville's entry into the LSC, both teams were already quite familiar with each other, having played continuously from 1939-1953 and six times from 1925-1938. Both teams were very competitive and generally successful during the time of their rivalry, as Texas State won nine Lone Star Conference titles and two (NCAA Division II) national titles and TAMU-Kingsville won twelve Lone Star Conference titles and nine (NAIA) national titles. The two schools continued to play each other after Texas State's departure from the Lone Star Conference with only one interruption (1986) from 1984-1995. Texas State won the last meeting, 28-21, in San Marcos on September 7, 2002. It is unlikely that the two schools will face each other in the future due to Texas State's move to the NCAA Division 1 Football Bowl Subdivision and TAMU-Kingsville's continued residence in the NCAA's Division 2.
The Javelinas currently hold the series lead, 33-25-2.
Other Rivalries
Other rivals from Texas State's years in the Lone Star, Gulf Star, and Southland Conferences include Angelo State, Texas A&M-Commerce (then East Texas State), Abilene Christian, and North Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21411419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411419" title="1933 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1933 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1933 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their fourth in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 3–9, winning five games. Despite shutting out five of their opponents, they were also shut out in three games and they failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="21411432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411432" title="Thomas Bernard">
Thomas Bernard

Thomas Bernard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21411444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411444" title="Mykyta Senyk">
Mykyta Senyk

Mykyta Senyk () is a Paralympic athlete from Ukraine competing mainly in category T38 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T38 event and a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T38 event

</doc>
<doc id="21411448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411448" title="Marie Lund">
Marie Lund

Marie Lund is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor.
She won individual silver medal in the "middle distance" at the 2004 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Östersund, finished 5th in the sprint, and received a bronze medal in the relay.
At the 2005 World Ski Orienteering Championships she won a silver medal with the Swedish relay team, which consisted of herself, Ingela Jönsson and Stina Grenholm, and she finished 5th in the sprint, 5th in the long, and 6th in the middle course.
Lund finished overall 3rd in the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21411454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411454" title="139th meridian west">
139th meridian west

The meridian 139° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 139th meridian west forms a great circle with the 41st meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 139th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21411476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411476" title="Road to Life (1955 film)">
Road to Life (1955 film)

Road to Life (, translit. Pedagogicheskaya poema) is a 1955 Soviet drama film directed by Aleksei Maslyukov and Mechislava Mayevskaya and based on the book by Anton Makarenko. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21411492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411492" title="Armagh Integrated College">
Armagh Integrated College

Armagh Integrated College was an integrated school in Armagh City, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
The college began when a group of local parents from both Catholic and Protestant traditions came together to seek integrated second level provision in the Armagh City area. The college is an all-ability, co-educational school, open to all children.
Curriculum.
Armagh Integrated College offered a wide range of subjects, including: 
Art and Design,
Careers,
Citizenship,
Drama,
Employability,
English,
Financial Management,
First Aid,
French,
Geography,
History,
ICT,
Latin, 
Mathematics,
Media Studies,
Music,
Personal Development, 
Physical Education,
Religion,
Science,
Spanish,
Technology and Design.
Closure in 2009.
Over five years, Armagh Integrated College had many ups and downs. Opening in September 2004, the school had been successful in many ways. Bringing secondary level integrated education to the Armagh area, with many new students coming from the local integrated primary school (Saints and Scholars Integrated) and other schools. Due to falling enrollment the school decided to close its doors in August 2009. Many of the remaining students apparently transferred to the integrated college in Dungannon. 

</doc>
<doc id="21411547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411547" title="Syria–Turkey relations">
Syria–Turkey relations

Syrian–Turkish relations have long been strained. Turkey shares its longest common border with Syria; various geographic and historical links also tie the two neighboring states together.
This friction has been due to disputes including the self annexation of the Hatay Province to Turkey in 1939, water disputes resulting from the Southeastern Anatolia Project, and Syria's support for the Kurdistan Worker's Party (abbreviated as PKK) and the now-dissolved Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia (abbreviated as ASALA) which have been recognised as a terrorist organisation by NATO, EU, and many other countries. Relations improved greatly after October 1998, when PKK leader Abdullah Öcalan was expelled by Syrian authorities. However, the Syrian civil war has once again strained relations between the two countries, leading to the suspension of diplomatic contact. A serious incident occurred with the Syrian downing of a Turkish military training flight in June 2012, resulting in Turkey calling an emergency meeting of NATO.
Syria normally maintains an embassy in Ankara and two consulates–general in Istanbul and Gaziantep. Turkey has an embassy in Damascus and a consulate–general in Aleppo. Diplomatic relations has been severed due to the Syrian civil war. Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC).
History.
Hatay annexation.
In 1938, the Sanjak of Alexandretta became independent from the French mandate of Syria as the Republic of Hatay, and following a referendum, 8 months later in 1939, it decided to join Turkey as the Hatay Province. This self-annexation was never recognized by Syria, which continues to show the Hatay Province of Turkey as part of Syria's territory on maps.
At present, Syrians hold the view that this land is historically Syrian and was illegally ceded in the late 1930s to Turkey by France – the mandatory occupying power of Syria (between 1920 and 1946). The Turks remember Syria as a former Ottoman vilayet. In 1938, the Turkish Army went into the former Syrian Mediterranean province with French approval and expelled most of its Alawite Arab and Armenian inhabitants. Before this, Alawi Arabs and Armenians were the majority of the provincial population. For the referendum, Turkey crossed tens of thousands of Turks into Alexandretta to vote.
In 1938, the province declared its independence from France and the following 29 June, the parliament of the newly declared Hatay Republic voted to join Turkey. This referendum has been labeled both "phoney" and "rigged", and that it was a way for the French to let Turks take over the area, hoping that they would turn on Hitler. The Syrian government recognized this decision in 2004 and gave up on territorial claims. Syrians still consider this land as integral Syrian territory. Syrians call this land "Liwaaa aliskenderuna" rather than the Turkish name of Hatay.
Water politics.
Water disputes have been a major source of conflict as Turkey has constructed several dams on the Euphrates and Tigris rivers as part of the Southeastern Anatolia Project- GAP to develop the region. The project GAP was aimed at reducing the harsh living conditions of the Southeastern provinces of Turkey by building 19 dams on the rivers of Euphrates and Tigris. This project, however, would seriously reduce Syrian water resources.
In addition to this, Euphrates and Tigris are not the only rivers that tangles Turkish-Syrian relations, the water distribution of Orantes River which pours into Mediterranean from the province of disputed Hatay also rises problems between two states.
Support to the PKK.
Turkey has condemned Syria for supporting the PKK, which is listed as a terrorist organization internationally by a number of states and organizations, including the USA, NATO, and the EU and has claimed that Syria employed Alois Brunner to train Kurdish militants for attacks against Turkey.
The two countries came to the brink of war when Turkey threatened military action if Syria continued to shelter Abdullah Öcalan in Damascus, his long-time safe haven. Relations have improved since October 1998, when Öcalan was expelled by Damascus and Syria pledged to stop harbouring the PKK militants and the 1999 signing of the Adana agreement, following his subsequent capture in Kenya, envisaged security cooperation between the two countries.
Current relations.
Diplomatic thaw.
In "The New Turkey" (Granta Books, 2005) BBC correspondent Chris Morris claims that Syria was "for years a bitter foe" as "Turkey's secular democracy, its application for EU membership and its close relationship with the United States have long been regarded in Tehran, Baghdad and Damascus with intense suspicion. Islamists look at the secular state which buried the caliphate and think 'betrayal'; and Arab nationalists still haven't forgotten that Turks are their former colonial rulers." "But there's been a thaw, especially since the AKP came to power," and "the new Turkish model – trying to mix greater democracy and Islam together – is now the subject of curiosity and not a little envy."
The Turkish Parliament's refusal to cooperate militarily with the 2003 US invasion of Iraq was a turning point in Syrian-Turkish bilateral relations as Syria's perceptions of Turkey as incapable of acting independently were altered.
In late 2004, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan flew to Damascus to sign a free trade agreement in the follow-up to former Turkish President Turgut Özal's high-level trade negations with Syrian authorities, which included the first ever visit to Turkey by a Syrian President, in the 1990s and Erdoğan's own recently successful bid to initiate a Turkish EU accession which would allow Europe, "to extend its reach to the borders Syria, Iraq and Iran."
In 2008, Turkey was, as a sign of mutual trust in Damascus and Tel Aviv, invited to play the role of facilitator between Syria and Israel to solve their dispute over control over the Golan Heights, but these talks were abandoned after four rounds, following the deterioration in Turkey-Israel relations after Turkish Prime Minister Erdoğan criticised Israel's conduct of the 2008–2009 Israel-Gaza conflict as a "crime against humanity."
Military cooperation.
On 26 April 2009, the two states announced an "unprecedented" three-day military manoeuvre involving ground forces along their mutual border in what was described as "a step farther in their ever expanding cooperation." According to Turkish military sources, "The aim of the exercise is to boost friendship, cooperation, and confidence between the two countries land forces, and to increase the ability of border troops to train and work together." The exercise which commenced on 27 April involved teams from each country crossing the border to visit outposts.
Visiting Syrian Defense Minister Hasan Turkmani and Turkish Defense Minister Vecdi Gönül also signed a letter of intent giving the green light for cooperation in the defence industry, on the sidelines of the 9th International Defence Industry Fair (IDEF'09) that commenced in Istanbul the same day, as a sign of the level of political relations reached between the two states, although a Turkish defence industry source emphasised that, "it does not mean that the two countries will immediately enter into cooperation in arms production."
2009 Turkish Presidential visit to Syria.
Turkish President Gül's 15–17 May official visit to Syria was made at the invitation of Damascus in reciprocation of Syrian President Assad's 2007 official visit to Turkey. A senior Turkish diplomat confirmed that, "The main topic on the agenda and the goal of the visit is the maintenance of momentum that has built up in bilateral relations within the last decade." The Turkish delegation included Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu, Foreign Trade Minister Zafer Çağlayan, Agriculture Minister and Culture and Tourism Minister Ertuğrul Günay.
Shortly before the visit new Syrian Ambassador to Turkey, Nidal Qablan confirmed that Syria was ready to restart the Turkish mediated peace negotiations with Israel and Gül supported the call, following his meeting with Assad, stating that, "We have heard Syria say it is ready to resume the peace talks from the point where they stopped with the previous government. We in Turkey are also ready." Assad confirmed, "Turkey's role is important because we have trust in Turkey." Israeli President Shimon Peres dismissed these calls stating, "The Syrians should be ready to talk. If President al-Assad wants peace, why is he shy? We suggested direct talks many times. He thinks direct talks are a prize for Israel. It's not a prize. It's normal."
Friction due to Syrian civil war.
Since the Syrian Civil War, Diplomatic ties between Syria and Turkey greatly deteriorated. The Syrian civil war began to impact Turkey when at least 3,000 Syrian refugees fled crackdowns by the Syrian Army on towns such as Jisr ash-Shugur. In June, Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan described to Anatolian Agency his feeling that "They are not acting in a humane manner. This is savagery." Earlier in May, he advised the Syrian government to not initiate another Hama massacre. However, the Turkish government is currently refraining from describing the Syrians who have fled as "refugees" or "asylum-seekers", instead referring to them as guests, and Erdogan, while demanding for implementation of promised reforms by the Syrian government, is currently refraining from calling for Bashar al-Assad's departure.
Timeline.
On 9 August 2011, BBC and numerous other news sites reported that Turkey is sending its foreign minister, Ahmet Davutoğlu, to Syria to give the regime a "tough" message. Erdogan has said that he is becoming impatient with the "savagery" of Bashar al-Assad's authoritarian regime. Ahmet Davutoğlu also announced that "We are completely suspending all of these trade relations, all agreements between Turkey and Syria have been suspended."
The Turkish pilgrim bus attack occurred on November 21, 2011 when two buses carrying Turkish pilgrims returning from Saudi Arabia came under fire from Syrian soldiers. The attack occurred at a checkpoint near Homs, as a convoy of eight or nine Turkish buses was making its way towards Turkey via the Bab Hawa border crossing. The gunfire left two people injured. According to a driver, when told that the passengers were Turks, "Syrian soldiers emerged from behind sandbags and cursed Recep Tayyip Erdogan... Then they suddenly opened fire at the bus."
On 9 April 2012, the Syrian envoy to Turkey was summoned after Syrian forces fired across the Syria-Turkey border. At least two were killed and many others injured in the incident.
On 22 June 2012, Syria shot down a Turkish Air Force RF-4E reconnaissance jet near the Turkish-Syrian border. The Syrian military alleges the jet had violated Syrian airspace. However, Turkish president Abdullah Gül and other spokesmen have not confirmed this and emphasized that brief incursions into neighboring airspace by high-speed jets are routine occurrences. Gül stated that "it is not possible to cover over a thing like this. Whatever is necessary will no doubt be done." The Turkish and Syrian navies conducted a search for Turkish airmen downed by the incident.
In August 2012, Turkey began to hold high level meetings with the USA on plans to replace the Syrian government.
On 3 October 2012, Turkey attacked troops in Syria, after a Syrian mortar shell killed five people. Turkish parliament approved cross border operations. Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan announced October 5 "We are not interested in war, but we're not far from it either,"
On 10 October 2012, Turkish Air Force F-16s intercepted a Syrian Air Airbus A320, flight RB442 from Moscow to Damascus, in Turkish airspace and forced it to land at Esenboğa International Airport, suspecting it was carrying Russian-made weapons. Inspectors confiscated military communications equipment and items "thought to be missile parts". Syria accused Turkey of "air piracy". On the same day the airline chief said in an interview that Turkey violated the Convention on International Civil Aviation Syria subsequently banned Turkish civilian flights from its airspace.
On 23 October 2012, an anti-aircraft shell from Syria hit a health center in Turkey's Hatay province.
On 11 May 2013, Turkish security forces found a 2 kg cylinder with sarin gas after searching the homes of Syrian militants from the Al-Qaeda linked Al-Nusra Front who were previously detained, Turkish media reports. The gas was reportedly going to be used in a bomb. Russia asked Turkey for information about this. Where did the sarin gas come from? Why does Turkey produce so much Sarin Gas?,
On 11 May 2013, two car bombs exploded in the town of Reyhanlı, Hatay Province, Turkey. At least 43 people were killed and 140 more were injured in the attack. The car bombs were left outside Reyhanlı's town hall and post office. The first exploded at around 13:45 local time (10:45 GMT) and the second exploded about 15 minutes later. People attempting to help those injured in the first explosion were caught in the second blast. This attack was the deadliest single act of terrorism to occur on Turkish soil.
On 23 March 2014, Turkey shot down a Syrian combat jet Turkish-Syrian border. Initial announcement was made by Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in a speech during Turkish local elections, 2014 campaign. Turkey claims that Two Turkish Air Force F-16s downed the plane that was heading Turkish territory and ignored warnings, as a result of the infringement of the new engagement rules declared by the Republic of Turkey, after Syria shooting down a Turkish reconnaissance plane in 22 June 2012. The pilot jumped off the plane according the witness reports. Syria condemned the aggression and argues that the plane was following rebels and it did not violate Turkish airspace. However, according to the new engagement rules, two countries could defend themselves if the other come close to their borders, perceiving the action as a threat. 

</doc>
<doc id="21411577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411577" title="Secretary of the Army Public Service Award">
Secretary of the Army Public Service Award

The Secretary of the Army Public Service Award consists of a silver medal, lapel button, and citation certificate. The United States Secretary of the Army awards this decoration to those who provide exceptional service that makes a substantial contribution to the accomplishment of the Army's missions. These include any individual (except Army civilian employees who are eligible for Army honorary awards, military personnel, or Army contractors). 
Eligibility.
The Secretary of the Army awards this decoration to private citizens. Army civilian employees (who are eligible for Army honorary awards in accordance with Chapter 9-1.2 of Army Regulation 672-20), military personnel and Army contractors are ineligible. This award is appropriate for spouses of military members provided they meet the criteria. Nominations for this award are forwarded to the Army Incentive Awards Board through command channels. Nominated individuals must have provided exceptional public service to the Army deserving of greater recognition than that which can be granted by a Major Army Commander.
Background.
The medal was established by directive of the Secretary of the Army in June 1998. It is ranked between the Distinguished Civilian Service Decoration and the Outstanding Civilian Service Award. This award consists of a silver medal, lapel button and certificate. A service ribbon and miniature size medal are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="21411595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411595" title="Vladimir Yemelyanov">
Vladimir Yemelyanov

Vladimir Yemelyanov (20 June 1911 – 4 July 1975) was a Soviet actor and producer who appeared in 42 films between 1953 and 1975. He is most known for "Planeta Bur" (1962), "Road to Life" and "The Immortal Garrison". 

</doc>
<doc id="21411627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411627" title="1933 Chicago Cardinals season">
1933 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1933 Chicago Cardinals season was their 14th in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 2–6–2, winning only one game. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season. 

</doc>
<doc id="21411660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411660" title="Medupi Power Station">
Medupi Power Station

Medupi Power Station is a new dry-cooled coal-fired power station being built by Eskom near Lephalale in Limpopo province, South Africa. According to Eskom, the name chosen for the station, Medupi, is a Sepedi word for "rain that soaks parched lands". Medupi Power Station will have a 50 year design lifespan.
Power Output.
When completed, the power station is to have six boilers each powering an 800 MW turbine, producing 4800 MW of power. It is expected to become the largest dry-cooled coal-fired power station in the world. 
Construction Contracts.
The project is broken down into 38 large contracts. 
Contracts have been placed with:
The population of the area is expected to double during construction, requiring extensive logistical planning and support.
Technology.
have super critical boiler and turbine technology designed to operate at higher temperatures and pressures. 
Coal Supply.
Medupi will be supplied by coal from Exxaro's Grootegeluk coal mine, located north of the site. Eskom has placed a contract with Exxaro to supply 14.6 MT of coal per year for 40 years. 
Commisioning.
The first 800 MW unit is expected to be commissioned in early 2014, with the next units following at nine-month intervals. The power station is currently expected to cost R170 Billion.
Critics.
The building of the coal power station has attracted widespread criticism in South Africa. Critics have alleged that the government pushed the project forward because the African National Congress held a 25% share of the venture and stood to make a profit of close to 1 Billion rand on the deal. Backers of the project argued that the plant is needed to supply vital electricity to South Africa over the long term. Some point out that effective management of coal supplies was what was really needed, rather than yet another environmentally unfriendly coal station. 
The African Development Bank lent $500 million for the project in 2008. In 2010, the World Bank agreed to lend South Africa $3.75 billion to assist with several energy projects, with $3.05 billion allocated for completion of the Medupi power station. The approval of the World Bank loan drew criticism for supporting increased global emissions of greenhouse gases.

</doc>
<doc id="21411670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411670" title="Jerusalem Mill Village">
Jerusalem Mill Village

Jerusalem Mill Village is a living history museum that spans the 18th through early 20th centuries. One of the oldest and most intact mill villages in the U.S. state of Maryland, Jerusalem is located in Harford County, along the Little Gunpowder Falls River. It also serves as the headquarters of the Gunpowder Falls State Park. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 20, 1987. Also on the National Register of Historic Places and located nearby are Jericho Farm and the Jericho Covered Bridge.
History.
The tract of land called Jerusalem was patented to Nicholas Hampstead and John Walley in 1687. By 1743, the tract had been acquired by an ironmaster, Stephen Onion, and had been enlarged to with several buildings. When Onion died in 1750, his nephew, Zacheas Barrett Onion, acquired the property. Onion engaged Isash Linton of Bucks County, Pennsylvania to come to Jerusalem to improve the existing ironworks and mill. Linton was joined by his family and partner David Lee. He eventually built eight water-powered mills along the Little Gunpowder. The fourth mill was completed in 1772 and is now the centerpiece of the living history park.
The village functioned at a Quaker village into the early 20th century. Evidence suggests that David Lee and several of his Quaker neighbors carved black walnut stocks and assembled rifles for the Continental army in the gunshop that stands behind the gristmill. During the Civil War, on July 11, 1864, Harry Gilmor stopped at the General Store in Jerusalem Mill, now popularly known as McCourtney's, capturing supplies and horses, as part of Gilmor's Raid.
After the Civil War, the buildings in the village were gradually leased out and sold. A succession of owners operated the gristmill until 1961, when it was then purchased by the State of Maryland to be part of the Gunpowder Falls State Park.
The historic buildings are maintained by the Maryland State Parks, volunteer support, and the Friends of Jerusalem Mill Village. Efforts are currently underway to stabilize and preserve the Lee Family's historic Bank Barn. 

</doc>
<doc id="21411671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411671" title="Georgi Yumatov">
Georgi Yumatov

Georgi Aleksandrovich Yumatov (11 March 1926 – 6 October 1997) was a Soviet film actor. He appeared in 65 films between 1947 and 1994.
Biography.
Yumatov was born on March 11, 1926 in Moscow. A veteran of the Second World War. In 1941-1942 he studied at the Naval School. In 1942 he was enrolled as a cabin boy on the torpedo boat "The Brave", and a year later he became its helmsman. He participated in the siege of Budapest. He distinguished himself in the battle for Vienna in the assault on the bridge. During this battle he was awarded the Medal of Ushakov. He was wounded several times and also shell-shocked.
In 1994, Yumatov shot and killed a person over a drunk quarrel in which the victim questioned the importance of Soviet victory in World War II. He was convicted but pardoned as an elderly and war veteran.
His wife was actress M.V. Kreptogorskaya.

</doc>
<doc id="21411682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411682" title="Rockin n Reelin in Auckland New Zealand">
Rockin n Reelin in Auckland New Zealand

Rockin n Reelin in Auckland New Zealand XXX is the eighth album overall and second live album by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released on The Cramps own Vengeance Records. It was mixed by Greg Heiter and recorded live on August 30, 1986 at the Galaxy in Auckland, New Zealand. It was reissued in 2001 with the bonus tracks "Blue Moon Baby", "Georgia Lee Brown" and "Lonesome Town"
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Lux Interior and Ivy Rorschach; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="21411711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411711" title="Decoration for Distinguished Civilian Service">
Decoration for Distinguished Civilian Service

The Department of the Army Decoration for Distinguished Civilian Service was established by directive of the Secretary of the Army in May 1956. This award consists of a gold medal, lapel button and certificate. This award recognizes distinguished service toward the accomplishment of the Army's mission.
Eligibility.
The Secretary of the Army awards this decoration to those who provide distinguished service that makes a substantial contribution to the accomplishment of the Army's missions. Eligible individuals include, employees of the Federal Government, officials at the policy development level, Army contractors, and technical personnel who serve the Army in an advisory capacity or as consultants. Army civilian employees are not eligible, as they are eligible for Department of the Army Honorary Awards, nor are military personnel.
Description.
The Decoration for Distinguished Civilian Service medal is a gold disc 40 mm in height and 36.5 mm in width, with a laurel wreath on the lower half of the rim representing non-military service. Superimposed on the disc is an equilateral triangle which symbolizes the civilian. Displayed on the triangle is the eagle of the Great Seal of the United States. The reverse of the medal bears the inscription "AWARDED TO"..."FOR DISTINGUISHED CIVILIAN SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES ARMY." The medal is suspended by a white ribbon 35 mm in width. The edges of the ribbon have thin stripes of white, ultramarine blue, white, and old glory red.

</doc>
<doc id="21411712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411712" title="Ohio State Route 191">
Ohio State Route 191

State Route 191 (abbreviated as SR 191) is a north–south state highway in northwestern Ohio, a U.S. state. State Route 191's southern terminus is at U.S. Route 6 approximately south of Stryker. Its northern terminus is at the concurrency of U.S. Route 20A and U.S. Route 127 in downtown West Unity. Between its southern terminus and Stryker, State Route 191 runs parallel to, and to the east of, the Tiffin River.
Route description.
State Route 191 begins at an intersection with US 6 and begins north toward Stryker. Just north of the southern terminus, SR 191 curves northwest, then reaches an intersection with SR 2 and SR 34. At this intersection, SR 2 becomes concurrent with SR 191 and the routes continue north until reaching the city of Stryker. Entering Stryker on Defiance Street, SR 191 forks west onto Lynn Street, while SR 2 continues north on Defiance Street. Outside of Stryker, the route curves north. After a few miles, SR 191 briefly turns west, then turns north and heads toward West Unity. Inside the city limits of West Unity, SR 191 is known as Main Street. The route ends at its northern terminus at an intersection with US 20 and US 127 in West Unity.
All of State Route 191 exists within the confines of Williams County. No segment of this route is incorporated within the National Highway System, a system of highways considered important to the nation's defense, economy, and mobility.
History.
At its inception in 1924, State Route 191 consisted of the following route: Defiance County Road 1 from the point where State Route 66 crosses the boundary between Defiance and Williams Counties west to Evansport; Williams County Road 22-A from Evansport northwest to the current routing of U.S. Route 6 at the current southern terminus of State Route 191; and the current portion of State Route 191 from there to State Route 2 in Stryker. In 1937, the highway was extended north from Stryker to its current northern terminus at the concurrency of U.S. Route 20A and U.S. Route 127 in West Unity. Then, in 1962, the highway took on its present form when the portion of State Route 191 south and east of the existing U.S. Route 6 was removed from the state highway system, with the segment from the current southern terminus to Evansport renamed as Williams County Road 22-A, and the part from Evansport east that, for the most part, straddles the Defiance-Williams County Line given the name of Defiance County Road 1.

</doc>
<doc id="21411748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411748" title="Soul Therapy">
Soul Therapy

Soul Therapy is a promo EP by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen, released to promote the following all-English album "Crash-Landing".

</doc>
<doc id="21411750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411750" title="1933 Cincinnati Reds (NFL) season">
1933 Cincinnati Reds (NFL) season

The 1933 Cincinnati Reds season was their inaugural season in the National Football League. The team started 0–4, before finishing 3–6–1 and failed to qualify for the playoffs.
The Reds had one of the most anemic offenses in the history of the National Football league, setting records in futility for fewest yards, passing attempts, pass completions and passing touchdowns in a season.

</doc>
<doc id="21411755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411755" title="Zhou Wenjun (athlete)">
Zhou Wenjun (athlete)

He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T38 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35-38 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T35-38 event, a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T38 event and went out in the first round of the men's 400 metres - T38 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China., a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T38 event, a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T38 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35-38 event and finished seventh in the men's 400 metres - T38 event

</doc>
<doc id="21411775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411775" title="Gunhilde">
Gunhilde

Gunhilde (or Gunnhild) (died 13 November 1002) is said to have been the sister of Sweyn Forkbeard, King of Denmark, and the daughter of Harald Bluetooth. She was married to Pallig, a Dane who served the King of England, Æthelred the Unready, as ealdorman of Devonshire. 
She is supposed to have been a hostage in England when she was killed in the St. Brice's Day massacre, ordered by Æthelred. Pallig is reported alternatively to have been killed in the massacre or to have provoked the massacre by deserting Æthelred's service.
Historians are divided about the strength of the evidence that she was Sweyn Forkbeard's sister. She is not mentioned in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography entries for Sweyn and Æthelred, and Ryan Lavelle is sceptical of the reliability of the later medieval sources, such as the chronicle of John of Wallingford, which mention her. However, Frank Stenton described the claim as a "well recorded tradition", and considered that a desire to avenge her death was probably a principal motive for Sweyn's invasion of England in 1003, leading to the eventual conquest of England by his son Cnut.
Notes.
I

</doc>
<doc id="21411776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411776" title="Andrea Libardi">
Andrea Libardi

Andrea Libardi is an Italian-Brazilian pop music singer-songwriter and model.
Andrea started his musical recording career in 2006 with European indie label Purple Zebra Music, which has significantly helped gain him popularity in one of the most popular and fast growing music markets for artists in Latin America and in the United States, selling more English language albums than any other artist with the label in that time.
His crossover from Spanish and Portuguese vocal into the mainstream English language market,by signing with the Purple Zebra Music label has secured him a following and enabled him to reach fans worldwide with the release of English albums and singles.
His debut single 'Just Another Day' sparked a flurry of press, TV and Internet interest when his label chose to shoot the video in his then home city of São Paulo Brazil and the southern state of Parana media
Andrea has died by systemic infection on 30–2 October, 011, in Venice, Italy. He left his mother, a brother and sister and a promising career.
Career.
On 15 July 2007, Andrea's first original single "Just Another Day" was released. launching him as an international artist through European independent label Purple Zebra Music. His first album "Letters From an Open Heart" followed in October and marked a milestone for the singer songwriter with the publication of his own original material. 
In February 2009,a proposal was made to his label to remix some of Andrea's tracks for club performance and July 2008 saw the initial release of the Rufato remixes by popular club DJ Felipe Rufato. Bring Me the Rain, already a favourite from the album,was a perfect choice for Rufato's artistic style and brought with it a whole new image for Andrea,re-working his clean-cut appearance from the initial album launch into a trendy and sophisticated new style.
Songwriting and producing.
In 2007 record company executives gave the go-ahead for the production of an album of his own material and Andrea was introduced to composer and producer Rafael Nannetti who would collaborate with him on the project. The album "Letters From an Open Heart" which resulted from their collaboration comprised a selection of ballads, love songs and pop music written exclusively by Andrea himself with contributions from songwriter/producer J IaN Wharton and the track "You would know the lies" adapted from one of Nannetti's earlier musical compositions and co-written by Andrea and Nannetti.
Talent Quest.
First major artist to be discovered by Music hero Talent Quest for launch onto the international music market, Andrea now follows similar styles to other contemporary Latino artists such as Enrique Iglesias, Jon Secada and Ricky Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="21411777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411777" title="Flávio Carneiro">
Flávio Carneiro

Flávio Carneiro is a Brazilian writer. Born in Goiânia in 1962, he moved to Rio de Janeiro in the early 1980s and relocated to the mountain city of Teresópolis, in the state of Rio de Janeiro, in 2003. A novelist, essayist, scriptwriter, literary critic, and university lecturer, he has written twelve books and two screenplays, and teaches Brazilian and Comparative Literature at Rio de Janeiro State University (UERJ).
His fictional work includes three novels, novellas for children and young people, and a collection of short stories. He has won a number of literary awards, the most recent being the Barco a Vapor Prize, in 2007, for "A Distância das Coisas" (The Distance of Things). The film "Bodas de Papel" (Paper Wedding), which he co-wrote with Adriana Lisboa and André Sturm, won the Jury’s Prize at the Pernambuco Film Festival in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21411782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411782" title="Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record">
Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record

"Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record" is the seventh studio album by English progressive rock keyboardist Rick Wakeman. Released in 1977, the album is a loosely-based concept album on criminality. Wakeman intended the record to be similar to his first conceptual release, "The Six Wives of Henry VIII" (1973), but it did not turn out as he wished. 
The album is entirely instrumental, with the exception being "The Breathalyser" in which Bill Oddie, one third of the comedy trio The Goodies, provides vocals. The record features Chris Squire and Alan White of Yes fame, on bass guitar and drums respectively. From a musical perspective, the music reflects the title of each track, similar to "Six Wives".
Limited edition.
In 2006, Hip-O Select released a limited, numbered edition (5000 copies) compact disc, the first CD issue of the album ever available outside of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="21411783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411783" title="Evan O'Hanlon">
Evan O'Hanlon

Evan George O'Hanlon, OAM (born 4 May 1988) is an Australian Paralympic athlete, who competes mainly in category T38 sprint events. He has won five gold medals at two Paralympic Games – 2008 Beijing and 2012 London.
Personal.
O'Hanlon was born on 4 May 1988 in Sydney. He is tall and weighs . He has cerebral palsy due to a prenatal stroke. He attended St Joseph's College, Hunters Hill. He has five sisters, one of whom is Elsa O'Hanlon who rowed for Australia's national team and won the World University lightweight sculling Championship in Trakai, Lithuania in 2006. His father Terry O'Hanlon, who is heavily involved with rowing in Australia, has represented Australia on the international level. His mother has also represented Australia as a member of a national rowing squad. 
, he is working on a degree in landscape architecture. He is not married, and resides in Canberra and Sydney.
Competitive athletics.
O'Hanlon mainly competes in category T38 sprint events. Before the start of his last year of high school, he competed only against able bodied athletes. In 2005, New South Wales Paralympic Talent Search Co-ordinator Amy Winters, herself a former Paralympian, recruited him to participate in Paralympic sport. That year, he represented Australia for the first time. In December, he moved to Canberra and started training full-time with Irina Dvoskina.
, he is coached by Irina Dvoskina, and has a scholarship from the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS). When competing on the club level, he represents UTS North. At the age of nineteen, his records made him the fastest male cerebral palsy competitor in the world. During his career, he has had to deal with painful shin splits.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won three gold medals in the men's 100 metres - T38, men's 200 m - T38 and men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35–38 events, for which he received a Medal of the Order of Australia. He won all of these events in World Record times, in the T38 100 m event with a time of 10.96 and in T38 200 m event with a time of 21.98. His time of 10.96 was the first time a male cerebral palsy athlete had a sub 11 second record time. Personal best times outside the Paralympics include a time of 51.08 in the T38 400 m event, a record he set in Brisbane, and a distance of in the T38 long jump event that he set in Canberra.
In 2005, he competed at the German Nationals and European Championships in the 100 m and 200 m events at his first overseas competition. At the IPC Athletics World Championships in 2006, he competed in the T38 100 m, but did not finish; finished third in the T38 200 m event; and won two gold medals in the 4x100 m relay and 4x400 m relay events. At the Australian Championships, he finished first in the T38 100 m and T38 200 m events in 2006, 2007 and 2008. His 2006 title was his first national one, when he won the T38 100 m event. At the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships, he won gold medals in the 100 m and 200 events, a silver medal in the 400 m event, and a bronze in the 4x100 m relay event. He finished fourth in the men's long jump event. His two gold medals at the event counted for half the total men's Australian gold medal count.
In 2009 and 2010, he took time off from Paralympic athletics to compete in Australia's able-bodied domestic athletics season. He has a personal goal of being able to beat able-bodied athletes. One of his early goals was to beat the times of fellow Paralympian athlete Tim Sullivan. He accomplished this, and was on a sprint team with Sullivan that won a Paralympic gold medal in the 4x100 m event in Beijing.
As of 2011, he is ranked first in the world. In 2011, he was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder training and based in Canberra.
At the 2012 London Games, he repeated his Beijing success in winning the Men's 100 m and 200 m T38 events. He was the Australian flag bearer at the closing ceremony of the London games.
Competing at the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon, France, he won gold medals in the Men's 100 m, 200 m and 400 m T38 events. . He competed at the Championships just weeks after being hospitalized with viral meningitis. 
Other sports.
O'Hanlon has participated in rugby union. His involvement as a player ended because of repeated injuries. He has also competed in rowing.
Recognition.
O'Hanlon was AIS Junior Athlete of the Year in 2008, and was also named Athletics Australia's 2008 Athlete of the Year - Male AWD. "Cleo magazine" named him as a finalist in its 2008 Bachelor of the Year contest. In 2011, he was nominated for The Age's Sport Performer Award in the Performer with a Disability category. In 2011, he received a Sport Achievement Award from the Australian Institute of Sport. O'Hanlon was a finalist for the 2012 Australian Paralympian of the Year. In November 2013, he was named Athletics Australia Male Para-Athlete of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="21411840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411840" title="2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres hurdles">
2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres hurdles

These are the official results of the Men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris, France. There were a total number of 36 participating athletes, with five qualifying heats, three semi-finals and the final held on Friday August 29, 2003 at 22:05h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
<br>
Heats.
Held on Tuesday 2003-08-26
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21411852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411852" title="Michigan ElvisFest">
Michigan ElvisFest

The Michigan ElvisFest is an annual two-day festival occurring each July in Riverside Park and Depot Town in Ypsilanti, Michigan, celebrating the life and fans of Elvis Presley.
History.
The Michigan ElvisFest was founded in 1999. Started by Elvis tribute artists, Matt King and Sherman Arnold, in cooperation with the Ypsilanti Depot Town Association, to celebrate the music and influence of Elvis Presley and replace the previous Ypsilanti based music festival, the Bob Marley Festival. Since then, it has grown to be the largest Elvis festival in North America, attended by approximately 10,000 fans each year.
Events.
The main attractions at the Michigan ElvisFest are the Elvis Tribute Artists, but other tributes are also common, including tributes related artists such as Tom Jones and Roy Orbison. Other attractions include a salute to the military, a children's area and a candlelight vigil in memory of the life of Elvis Presley.
Fundraising at the festival.
The Michigan ElvisFest has been working closely with Ypsilanti Meals on Wheels. Meals on Wheels are an international organization dedicated to providing food for housebound, often elderly, people. The money raised by The Ypsilanti ElvisFest helps people like this in the Ypsilanti area receive food on a daily basis.

</doc>
<doc id="21411868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411868" title="2009 in Denmark">
2009 in Denmark

Events from the year 2009 in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21411872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411872" title="Depois da Guerra">
Depois da Guerra

Depois da Guerra ("After the War") is the tenth album by Oficina G3, and the fifth released by MK Music. This is the first album with the new lead singer Mauro Henrique.
The band won the 2009 Latin Grammy Award for best Brazilian Christian Album (Portuguese language) in 2009

</doc>
<doc id="21411889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411889" title="Mefeedia.com">
Mefeedia.com

MeFeedia.com is a media search website founded in 2004 that features videos, TV shows, movies, and music among other material. The chief executive officer of MeFeedia is Frank C. Sinton III. The web site's target audience is men 18-35. Mefeedia's name is derived from how it receives all content from user-submitted video RSS feeds from other sites and vlogs.
Content.
The main focus of the site is videos, with an emphasis on humorous videos, premium content, and other material targeted towards their male demographic. MeFeedia also has several video categories including TV, movies, sports, celebrity, news and entertainment. MeFeedia posts roughly 30 new videos on the homepage per day, mostly consisting of news clips from around the world. The site also includes television clips and other viral videos.
The site does not allow video uploading, but collects videos from over 20,000 other video sites and blogs. Videos can be automatically added to the index by submitting media RSS feeds.
The website is owned by Beachfront Media, LLC.
Mainstream media content.
In 2008, Mefeedia.com partnered with several content producers to expand its video inventory to include: 

</doc>
<doc id="21411910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411910" title="Handball at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Handball at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's handball tournament at the 1992 Summer Olympics was contested by eight teams divided in two groups, with the top two proceeding to the semifinals and the bottom two proceeding to placement matches.

</doc>
<doc id="21411911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411911" title="Penicillus capitatus">
Penicillus capitatus

Penicillus capitatus is a species of green algae".

</doc>
<doc id="21411946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411946" title="Fritz Eckstein">
Fritz Eckstein

Fritz Eckstein (27 January 1923 – 4 April 1979) was an Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Fritz Eckstein was born on the 27 January 1923 in Schwaikheim, Württemberg to Adolf and Maria Eckstein, he was the first of three children. He attended the local peoples school until the age of 14 when he started work for his father in his merchant business in Stuttgart. He then worked for the next two and a half years in the sales department of an iron wholesale company.
During this time at the age of ten he had joined the Hitler Youth in May 1933, and remained an active member until he volunteered to join the Waffen SS in 1940.
World War II.
Having volunteered for the Waffen SS aged 17 in 1940, he was called up to begin basic training in June and was assigned to the Training and Reserve Battalion "Der Führer". After completing his basic training he was posted to the SS Regiment "Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler" which had just been increased to Brigade size.
He first saw action during Operation Marita the invasion of the Balkans and was then involved in the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa). He was awarded the Iron Cross II class, the Wound Badge and the Eastern Front Medal at the same time being promoted to Rottenführer.
Having been evacuated due to his wounds in the Battle of Kharkov he did not return to the front until 1944, when he was posted to the 1st Battery, 1st SS Panzerjäger Battalion "LSSAH" on the Eastern Front until April when the whole Battalion was transferred to the 12th SS Panzer Division "Hitlerjugend". Because they had been transferred to the new Division they were not deemed fit for combat and did not accompany the rest of the Division to counter the Normandy Landings until mid July 1944.
When they did reach the front they were quickly sent into action and proved their worth during Operation Totalise (8–10 August) being largely responsible for defeating the Allied attack.
During this time Eckstein served as the gunner in a Jagdpanzer IV commanded by Oberscharführer Rudolf Roy and knocked out 8 tanks on the 8 August, for which he was awarded the Iron Cross I class. The next day he knocked out a further 13 tanks and within 5 days had knocked out a total of 26 tanks.
Fritz Eckstein was promoted to Unterscharführer in November 1944, and recommended for the Knight's Cross. The citation reads;
SS-Rottenführer Eckstein was awarded the E.K. I on 8.8.44 for his outstanding bravery during the attack of an enemy tank formation near St. Aigan, where he alone destroyed eight enemy tanks.
On the morning of 9.8.44 enemy tanks penetrated into the rear of Kampfgruppe Waldmüller through the gaps in the HKL near Soignolles and from Hill 111 dominated all supply lines.
A Panzerjäger 39 with SS-Rottenführer Eckstein as the gunner engaged the numerically superior enemy tanks in combat. Despite extremely difficult circumstances SS-Rttf. Eckstein knocked out nine English tanks within a short period of time. For that reason it was possible for the supply columns to pass through to the Kampfgruppe again.
At twilight, a formation of enemy tanks launched a surprise attack on the Kampfgruppe while it was disengaging. Eckstein destroyed four of the attacking tanks. The Kampfgruppe was able to carry out the withdrawal without losses.
Consequently, on this day alone SS-Rottenführer Eckstein knocked out 13 enemy tanks and within 5 days increased his total number to 26 English tanks.
Eckstein became only the second gunner in the Waffen SS to be awarded the Knight's Cross after Rottenführer, Balthasar Woll. He remained with the 12th SS Panzerjäger Battalion until the end of the war, eventually given command of his own vehicle.
Post war.
Eckstein survived the war and died on the 4 April 1979 at the age of 56, in his hometown of Schwaikheim.

</doc>
<doc id="21411949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411949" title="Durban Island">
Durban Island

Durban Island is a Canadian Arctic island located in Nunavut, Canada. It is one of Baffin Island's northeast offshore islands within Davis Strait's Merchants Bay. It is in size. Durban Harbour is on the island's southeast facing side. Nearby can be found the larger Padloping Island, and Auyuittuq National Park Reserve is also to the west on Baffin Island.
History.
Durban Island (FOX-E) is a former Distant Early Warning Line and is currently a North Warning System site.
It is listed by the Contaminated Sites Directorate in Iqaluit as a contaminated site in need of future remediation.

</doc>
<doc id="21411951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411951" title="St. Vincent de Paul Catholic Church (Mobile, Alabama)">
St. Vincent de Paul Catholic Church (Mobile, Alabama)

Saint Vincent de Paul, now known as Prince of Peace Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building in Mobile, Alabama. It was designed by a local architect, James H. Hutchisson, in the Gothic Revival style. The current building was built in 1874 and dedicated on January 21, 1877. It replaced an earlier frame structure that had been completed in 1847 and burned prior to the erection of this building. This building was originally the parish church for Saint Vincent de Paul Parish. The neighboring St. Peter Claver Parish was established in 1911. On December 25, 1970 these two parishes were combined to form Prince of Peace Parish. A new Saint Vincent de Paul Parish was then established in western Mobile County to serve the Tillmans Corner area. The church was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 24, 1992, as a part of the Historic Roman Catholic Properties in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="21411953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411953" title="Anton Robinson">
Anton Robinson

Anton Dale Robinson (born 17 February 1986 in Harrow, London) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder, but is without a club after being released by Huddersfield Town in May 2014.
Club career.
Early career.
Robinson started his career with Millwall, and was captain of the youth team. He featured for Millwall in the League Championship and the FA Cup. Robinson was also part of the Millwall squad that reached the FA Cup final in 2004.
In 2006, he moved to Exeter City but was not offered the opportunity to showcase his talent. He then signed a contract for Fisher Athletic in 2006 and made 18 appearances scoring six goals. In 2007, Robinson then signed with Weymouth, eventually becoming the captain. He made 85 appearances and scored 10 goals.
Bournemouth.
After a string of fine displays for Weymouth, Robinson signed for Football League club Bournemouth in January 2009. He scored his first goal for Bournemouth in a match against Chester City away on 18 April 2009. Bournemouth won the match 2–0.
Huddersfield Town.
After a previous offer had been turned town, Huddersfield Town signed Robinson on a three-year contract on 1 August 2011, paying a transfer fee reported to be about £250,000. He made his Terriers debut in the 1-1 draw against Bury at the Galpharm Stadium on 6 August 2011, but suffered a hamstring injury during the first half. His first goal for the club was the only goal in a 1-0 win against Yeovil Town at Huish Park on 29 October 2011.
Robinson made a total of 30 first team appearances for Huddersfield in his first season at the club, making 12 starts among 26 league appearances as Huddersfield won promotion through the play-offs.
The following season he made just one league appearance for Huddersfield, in a 3-0 defeat against Middlesbrough in November, before joining League Two leaders Gillingham on loan from 31 January 2013 for the remainder of the season. He played 14 games for the club, but his loan was cut short on 11 April, after he ruptured his anterior cruciate ligaments, ruling him out of action for 9 months.
On 24 March 2014, Robinson joined League One side Coventry City for the remainder of the 2013–14 season.
He was released by Huddersfield soon as his loan expired in May 2014.
International career.
Robinson has represented his country at international level having represented England on two occasions at semi-pro level with the England C team. Robinson's impressive performances as Weymouth captain earned him a call-up to the England squad for their friendly away at Bosnia & Herzegovina B in September 2008, where the match ended in a 6–2. He was then named on the team to face the Italy Lega Pro side in an International Challenge Trophy game. The match ended in a draw with the score line at 2–2 in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21411960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411960" title="Thomas Bernard (Irish politician)">
Thomas Bernard (Irish politician)

Thomas Bernard (c. 1769 – 18 May 1834) was an Irish politician.
He was the son of Thomas Bernard of Castle Bernard, Birr, King's County (now Co Offaly). He commissioned the building of a new gothic mansion on the family estate at Kinnitty.
He was appointed High Sheriff of King's County for 1798-99. He was then elected at the 1802 general election as a Member of Parliament (MP) for King's County (now County Offaly), holding the seat until 1833.
He died intestate in Dublin in 1834. He had married twice:firstly the Hon. Elizabeth Prittie, daughter of Henry Prittie, 1st Baron Dunalley and secondly Catherine Henrietta, the daughter of Francis Hely Hutchinson, MP, with whom he had four sons and two daughters. His estate passed to his eldest son Thomas, an Army officer.

</doc>
<doc id="21411986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21411986" title="H. V. Jagadish">
H. V. Jagadish

Hosagrahar Visvesvaraya Jagadish (Jag) is a computer scientist in the field of database systems research. He is the Bernard A. Galler Collegiate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and a Senior Scientific Director of the National Center for Integrative Biomedical Informatics established by the National Institutes of Health. Prior to joining the Michigan faculty, he spent over a decade at AT&T Bell Laboratories as a research scientist where he would eventually become head of the Database division.
Jagadish earned his bachelor's degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and a doctorate in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University in 1985.
He was elected fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2003 and trustee of the VLDB Endowment in 2004. He was the founding editor of the Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment (PVLDB) in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21412004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412004" title="Woyo masks">
Woyo masks

Woyo masks are ritual masks made by the Woyo people of western Africa. They are typically made out of wood, and painted with contrasting colors, often in dots. The colors used have symbolic meaning, and are sometimes renewed. They are worn in ceremonial dances known as the ndunga. They are decorated with sacred objects known as nkissi. The ndunga mask has several distinctive qualities such as a high forehead, triangular jaw, and contrasting or bright colors; usually in the form of small to medium dots. These masks are used by the leaders of the Woyo society; a group of strong and powerful men.

</doc>
<doc id="21412026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412026" title="Sofiane Hamdi">
Sofiane Hamdi

Sofiane Hamdi is a Paralympic athlete from Algeria competing mainly in category T37 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T37 event and a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T37 event

</doc>
<doc id="21412038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412038" title="Rosemary Aitken">
Rosemary Aitken

Rosemary Aitken (born 1942) is an English author, who has written a number of academic textbooks and historical novels under her own name, and a series of "whodunnits" set in Roman Britain under the pen name of Rosemary Rowe. Her writings are similar to that of Philip Boast, Gloria Cook and Winston Graham.
Biography.
Rosemary Aitken was born in Cornwall but spent much of her early life in New Zealand. Her professional career was spent teaching English Language and she has written a number of textbooks on this subject. Her first historical novel, "The Girl from Penvarris", was published in 1995, the first in a series set in a fictional Cornish village.
Under the name Rosemary Rowe she has written a series of historical mysteries, set in and around the Roman town of Glevum, (modern-day Gloucester). The detective in the stories, named Libertus, is a pavement-maker, whose expertise in mosaic patterns parallels his skill in resolving puzzling crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="21412044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412044" title="Volunteer of the Year">
Volunteer of the Year

Volunteer of the Year may refer to any of the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="21412045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412045" title="Ma Yuxi">
Ma Yuxi

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T37 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35-38 event, a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T37 event and a bronze medal in the men's Long jump - F37/38 event

</doc>
<doc id="21412050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412050" title="Krisztián Szollár">
Krisztián Szollár

Krisztián Szollár (born 30 August 1980) is a Hungarian football player, he plays for Rot-Weiß Darmstadt.
Career.
Szollár spent 3 seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Schalke 04.
Personal life.
He also holds German citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="21412057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412057" title="Fanie van der Merwe">
Fanie van der Merwe

Fanie van der Merwe is a Paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T37 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 100 metres - T37 event and a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T37 event. He also competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London where he defended his 100m - T37 gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="21412102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412102" title="1996–97 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1996–97 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The Maple Leafs entered the 1996-1997 NHL season with the hopes of making the postseason for the fifth consecutive year. Mike Murphy was hired prior to the season as the head coach replacing interim coach Nick Beverley. The team played mediocre for most of the season and missed the playoffs for the first time since 1992. This season, would be Cliff Fletcher’s last as General Manager of the Maple Leafs. In one of his final moves, Fletcher (in February) traded Captain Doug Gilmour to the New Jersey Devils.
Player statistics.
Forwards.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against"
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1996-97 season.
Farm Teams.
The Maple Leafs farm team was the St. John's Maple Leafs, based in St. John's, Newfoundland.

</doc>
