<doc id="21346421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346421" title="Dad's Army">
Dad's Army

"Dad's Army" is a BBC television sitcom about the Home Guard during the Second World War. It was written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft and broadcast on BBC television from 1968 to 1977. The sitcom ran for 9 series and 80 episodes in total, plus a radio version based on the television scripts, a feature film and a stage show. The series regularly gained audiences of 18 million viewers and is still repeated worldwide.
The Home Guard consisted of local volunteers otherwise ineligible for military service, either owing to age or by being in professions that were exempt from conscription ("Dad's Army" deals almost exclusively with the former), and as such the series mainly featured older British actors, including Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier, Arnold Ridley and John Laurie. Among relative youngsters in the regular cast were Ian Lavender, Clive Dunn (who played the elderly Jones), Frank Williams, James Beck (who died suddenly during production of the programme's sixth series in 1973) and Bill Pertwee.
In 2004, "Dad's Army" was voted into fourth place in a BBC poll to find Britain's Best Sitcom. It had been placed 13th in a list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes drawn up by the British Film Institute in 2000 and voted for by industry professionals. The series has influenced popular culture in the United Kingdom, with the series' catchphrases and characters being well known. It highlighted a hitherto forgotten aspect of defence during the Second World War. The "Radio Times" magazine listed Captain Mainwaring's "You stupid boy!" among the 25 greatest put-downs on TV.
Origins.
Originally intended to be called "The Fighting Tigers", "Dad's Army" was based partly on co-writer and creator Jimmy Perry's experiences in the Local Defence Volunteers (later known as the Home Guard). Perry was 17 years old when he joined the 10th Hertfordshire Battalion. His mother did not like him being out at night and feared he might catch cold; he partly resembled the character of Frank Pike. An elderly lance corporal in the outfit often referred to fighting under Kitchener against the "Fuzzy Wuzzies" (Hadendoa) and was the model for Corporal Jones. Other influences included the work of comedians such as Will Hay whose film "Oh, Mr Porter!" featured a pompous ass, an old man and a young man which gave him Mainwaring, Godfrey and Pike. Another influence was the Lancastrian comedian Robb Wilton, who portrayed a work-shy husband who joined the Home Guard in numerous comic sketches during WW2.
Perry wrote the first script and gave it to David Croft while working as a minor actor in the Croft-produced sitcom "Hugh and I", originally intending the role of the spiv, later called Walker, to be his own. Croft was impressed and sent the script to Michael Mills, the BBC's Head of Comedy. After addressing initial concerns that the programme was making fun of the efforts of the Home Guard, the series was commissioned.
In his book "Dad's Army", Graham McCann explained that the show owes much to Michael Mills. It was he who renamed the show "Dad's Army". He did not like Brightsea-on-Sea so the location was changed to Walmington-on-Sea. He was happy with the names for the characters Mainwaring, Godfrey and Pike but not with other names and he made suggestions: Private Jim Duck became Frazer, Joe Fish became Joe Walker and Jim Jones became Jack Jones. He also suggested adding a Scot. Jimmy Perry had produced the original idea but needed an experienced man to see it through. Mills suggested David Croft and so their partnership began.
When an episode was shown to members of the public, to gauge audience reaction prior to broadcast of the first series, the majority of the audience thought it was very poor. The production team put the report containing the negative comments at the bottom of David Croft's in-tray. He only saw it several months later, after the series had been broadcast and had received great acclamation.
Situation.
The show was set in the fictional seaside town of Walmington-on-Sea, on the south coast of England (the exterior scenes were mostly filmed in and around the Stanford Training Area (STANTA), near Thetford, Norfolk). The local Home Guard platoon would be on the front line in the event of an invasion across the English Channel. The first series had a loose narrative thread, with Captain Mainwaring's platoon being formed and equipped—initially with wooden guns and LDV armbands and later on with full army uniforms; the platoon was part of the The Queen's Own Royal West Kent Regiment.
The first episode, "The Man and the Hour", began with a scene set in the "present day" of 1968, in which Mainwaring addressed his old platoon as part of the contemporary 'I'm Backing Britain' campaign. The prologue opening was a condition imposed after initial concerns of Paul Fox, the controller of BBC 1, that it was belittling the efforts of the Home Guard. After Mainwaring relates how he had backed Britain in 1940, the episode proper began; "Dad’s Army" is thus told in flashback, although the final episode does not return to 1968. Later episodes were largely self-contained, albeit referring to previous events and with additional character development.
As the comedy in many ways relied on the platoon's lack of participation in the Second World War, opposition to their activities had to come from another quarter, and this was generally provided by Air Raid Precautions (ARP) Warden Hodges and sometimes by the verger of the local church (St Aldhelm's) or by Captain Square and the neighbouring Eastgate Home Guard platoon. The group did have some encounters related to the enemy, such as downed German planes, a U-boat crew, parachutes that may have been German and German mines; an IRA suspect appeared in "Absent Friends".
The humour ranged from the subtle (especially in the class-reversed relationship between Mainwaring, who was the local bank manager and Wilson, who was also his deputy at the bank) to the slapstick (the antics of the elderly Jones being a prime example). Jones had several , including "Don't panic!", "They don't like it up 'em", "Permission to speak, sir", and talk about the "Fuzzy-Wuzzies". Mainwaring said "You stupid boy" to Pike in many episodes.
The first series occasionally included darker humour, reflecting that, especially early in the war, the Home Guard was woefully under-equipped but was still prepared to have a crack at the Wehrmacht. For instance, in the episode "The Battle of Godfrey’s Cottage", the platoon believes an enemy invasion is under way. Mainwaring, Godfrey, Frazer and Jones (along with Godfrey's sisters, who are completely unaware of the invasion) decide to stay at the cottage to delay any German advance, to allow the regular army time to arrive with reinforcements; "It'll probably be the end of us, but we're ready for that aren't we men?", says Mainwaring. "Of course", replies Frazer.
Characters.
The show's main characters were:
Supporting characters included:
Opening and closing credits.
The show's opening titles were originally intended to feature footage of refugees and Nazi troops, to illustrate the threat faced by the Home Guard. Despite opposition from the BBC's Head of Comedy Michael Mills, Paul Fox, the controller of BBC 1, ordered that these be removed on the grounds that they were offensive. The replacement titles featured the now familiar animated sequence of swastika-headed arrows approaching Britain. The opening titles were updated twice; firstly in Series 3, adding colour and noticeably better animation, and then again in Series 6, which made some slight tweaks to the animation.
There were two different versions of the closing credits for the show. The first version, used in Series 1 and 2, simply showed footage of the main cast superimposed over a still photograph, with the crew credits rolling over a black background. The more familiar closing credits, introduced in Series 3, were a homage to the end credits of the film "The Way Ahead" (1944) which had covered the training of a platoon during the war. In both instances, each character is shown as they walk across a smoke-filled battlefield. One of the actors in "Dad's Army", John Laurie, also appeared in that film, and his performance in the end credits of "The Way Ahead" appears to be copied in the sitcom. Coincidentally, the film's lead character (played by David Niven) is named Lt. Jim Perry.
Music.
The show's theme tune, "" was Jimmy Perry's idea, intended as a gentle pastiche of wartime songs. It was the only pastiche in the series, as the other music used was contemporary to the 1940s. Perry wrote the lyric himself, and composed the music with Derek Taverner. Perry persuaded one of his childhood idols, wartime entertainer Bud Flanagan, to sing the theme for 100 guineas. Flanagan died less than a year after the recording.
The version played over the opening credits differs slightly from the full version recorded by Flanagan; an abrupt and rather conspicuous edit removes, for timing reasons, two lines of lyric with the "middle eight" tune: "So watch out Mr Hitler, you have met your match in us/If you think you can crush us, we're afraid you've missed the bus." Bud Flanagan's full version appears as an Easter egg on the first series DVD release, and on the authorised soundtrack CD issued by CD41. Arthur Lowe also recorded a full version of the theme.
The music over the opening credits was recorded at Riverside Studios, Bud Flanagan being accompanied by the Orchestra of the Band of the Coldstream Guards. The closing credits feature an instrumental march version of the song played by the Band of the Coldstream Guards conducted by Captain (later Lt Col) Trevor L. Sharpe, ending with the air-raid warning siren sounding all-clear. It is accompanied by a style of credits that became a trademark of David Croft: the caption "You have been watching", followed by vignettes of the main cast.
The series also contains genuine wartime and period songs between scenes, usually brief quotations that have some reference to the theme of the episode or the scene. Many appear on the CD soundtrack issued by CD41, being the same versions used in the series.
TV episodes.
The television series lasted nine series and was broadcast over nine years, with 80 episodes in total, including three Christmas specials and an hour-long special. At its peak, the programme regularly gained audiences of 18.5 million. There were also four short specials broadcast as part of "Christmas Night with the Stars" in 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1972.
Missing episodes.
The first two series were recorded and screened in black and white; but Series 3 to 9 were recorded and screened in colour. Even so, one episode in Series 3, "Room at the Bottom", formerly only survived in black and white, and remains on the official DVDs in this form. This episode has benefited from colour recovery technology, using a buried colour signal (chroma dots) in the black-and-white telerecording to restore the programme, and was transmitted on 13 December 2008 on BBC Two.
"Dad's Army" is less affected than most from the wiping of videotape, but three second-series episodes remain missing. Two further Series 2 episodes were believed lost until 2001. Two of the three missing episodes have since been performed as part of the latest stage show.
In 2008 soundtracks of the missing episode "A Stripe for Frazer" and the 1968 Christmas Special "Present Arms" were recovered.
Films.
In common with many British sitcoms of that era, in 1971 "Dad's Army" was made into a feature film. Backers Columbia Pictures imposed arbitrary changes, such as recasting Liz Fraser as Mavis Pike and filming outdoors in Chalfont St Giles rather than Thetford, which made the cast unhappy. The director, Norman Cohen, whose idea it was to make the film, was nearly fired by the studio.
Jimmy Perry and David Croft wrote the original screenplay. This was expanded by Cohen to try to make it more cinematic; Columbia executives made more changes to plot and pacing. As finally realised, two-thirds of the film consists of the creation of the platoon—this was the contribution of Perry and Croft—and the final third shows the platoon in action, rescuing hostages from the church hall where they had been held captive by three German pilots.
Neither the cast nor Perry and Croft were happy with the result. Perry argued for changes to try to reproduce the style of the television series, but with mixed results.
Filming took place between 10 August and 25 September 1970, at Shepperton Studios and various locations. After shooting the film, the cast returned to working on the fourth television series.
The film's UK première was on 12 March 1971 at the Columbia Theatre, London. Critical reviews were mixed, but it performed well at the UK box office. Discussions were held about a possible sequel, to be called "Dad's Army and the Secret U-Boat Base", but the project never came to fruition.
In April 2014, it was reported that a new film was planned, having been under consideration for a long time, to be written by Hamish McColl and directed by Oliver Parker. The film would feature Toby Jones as Captain Mainwaring and Bill Nighy as Sergeant Wilson.
Stage show.
In 1975 "Dad’s Army" transferred to the stage as a revue, with songs, familiar scenes from the show, and individual “turns” for cast members. It was created by Roger Redfarn, who shared the same agent as the sitcom writers. Most of the principal cast transferred with it, with the exception of John Laurie (he was replaced by Hamish Roughead). Following James Beck’s death two years earlier, Walker was played by John Bardon.
"Dad’s Army: A Nostalgic Music and Laughter Show of Britain’s Finest Hour" opened at Billingham in Teesside on 4 September 1975 for a two-week tryout. After cuts and revisions, the show transferred to London’s West End and opened at the Shaftesbury Theatre on 2 October 1975. On the opening night there was a surprise appearance by Chesney Allen, singing the old Flanagan and Allen song "Hometown" with Arthur Lowe.
The show ran in the West End until February 1976, disrupted twice by bomb scares, and then toured the country until 4 September 1976. Clive Dunn was replaced for half the tour by Jack Haig (David Croft's original first choice for the role of Corporal Jones on television). Jeffrey Holland, who went on to star in several later Croft sitcoms, also had a number of roles in the production.
The stage show, billed as "Dad's Army—The Musical", was staged in Australia and toured New Zealand in 2004–05, starring Jon English. Several sections of this stage show were filmed and have subsequently been included as extras on the final "Dad's Army" DVD.
In April 2007, a new stage show was announced with cast members including Leslie Grantham as Private Walker and "Emmerdale" actor Peter Martin as Captain Mainwaring. The production contained the episodes "A Stripe for Frazer", "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Walker", "Room at the Bottom" and "The Deadly Attachment".
Radio series.
Many TV episodes were remade for BBC Radio 4 with the original cast, although other actors played Walker after James Beck’s death. These radio versions were adapted by Harold Snoad and Michael Knowles and also featured John Snagge as a newsreader who would set the scene for each episode. Different actors were used for some of the minor parts; Mollie Sugden played the role of Mrs Fox and Pearl Hackney played the role of Mrs. Pike for example. The pilot episode was actually based on the revised version of events seen in the opening of the film version rather than the TV pilot. The entire radio series has been released on CD.
Knowles and Snoad also developed a radio series "It Sticks Out Half a Mile", which told what happened to some of the "Dad’s Army" characters after the war. It was originally intended to star Arthur Lowe and John Le Mesurier reprising their "Dad’s Army" roles, but Lowe died shortly after recording the pilot episode, and Bill Pertwee and Ian Lavender were brought in to replace him for a 13-episode series.
Jimmy Perry wrote a radio sketch "The Boy Who Saved England" for the "Full Steam A-Hudd" evening broadcast on Radio 2 on 3 June 1995. It featured Ian Lavender as Pike, Bill Pertwee as Hodges, Frank Williams as the Vicar and Jimmy Perry as General Haverlock-Seabag.
Other appearances.
Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier and John Laurie themselves made a cameo appearance as their "Dad's Army" characters in the 1977 Morecambe and Wise Christmas Special. As Elton John is following incomprehensible instructions to find the BBC studios, he encounters them in a steam room. On leaving, Mainwaring calls him a “stupid boy”. Earlier, Le Mesurier, Laurie, Beck, Ridley and Lavender had appeared as guests in the 22 April 1971 edition of "The Morecambe and Wise Show" on BBC2 playing pirates to Lowe’s captain in the "Monty on the Bonty" sketch. The cast also appeared in a 1970s public information film, in character but set in the modern day, showing how to cross the road safely at traffic lights.
A pilot episode for an American remake called "The Rear Guard" was produced by ABC and broadcast on 10 August 1976, based on the episode "The Deadly Attachment". However, it failed to make it past the pilot stage—probably due to the fact there was never a realistic chance of a German invasion of the United States, unlike Britain.
Le Mesurier and Lowe made a final appearance in "Dad's Army" garb for a 1982 television commercial advertising Wispa chocolate bars. 
Clive Dunn made occasional appearances as Corporal Jones at 1940s themed events in the 1980s and 1990s, but on television made an appearance at the door of "Noel's House Party", a BBC Saturday night entertainment show.
Arthur Lowe appeared in "Blue Peter" twice. The first time was with John Le Mesurier, in which the two appeared in costume and in character as Captain Mainwaring and Sergeant Wilson when walking around looking at and discussing a mural which schoolchildren had painted featuring the characters from the show at a Christmas party, among which was Mainwaring's unseen wife Elizabeth – or rather, what the children thought she looked like (Mainwaring remarks "Good grief. What a remarkable likeness!"). Arthur Lowe made a second appearance as Captain Mainwaring on "Blue Peter" with the "Dad's Army" van which would appear in the forthcoming London-Brighton run, and showed presenter John Noakes the vehicle's hidden anti-Nazi defences.
Awards.
During its original television run, "Dad's Army" was nominated for a number of British Academy Television Awards, although only won "Best Light Entertainment Production Team" in 1971. It was nominated as "Best Situation Comedy" in 1973, 1974 and 1975. Also, Arthur Lowe was frequently nominated for "Best Light Entertainment Performance" in 1970, 1971, 1973, 1975 and 1978.
In 2000, the show was voted 13th in a British Film Institute poll of industry professionals of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes. In 2004, championed by Phill Jupitus, it came fourth in the BBC poll to find Britain's Best Sitcom with 174,138 votes.
Tributes.
In June 2010, a statue of Captain George Mainwaring was erected in the Norfolk town of Thetford where most of the exteriors for the TV series were filmed. The statue features Captain Mainwaring sitting to attention on a simple bench in Home Guard uniform, with his swagger stick across his knees. The statue is mounted at the end of winding brick pathway with a Union Flag patterned arrow head to reflect the opening credits of the TV series, and the sculpture has been designed so that members of the public can sit alongside Captain Mainwaring for the purpose of having their photograph taken. The statue was vandalised not long after the unveiling by a 10 year old boy, who kicked it for 10 minutes and broke off Captain Mainwaring's glasses, throwing them into a nearby river. The statue has since been fixed. 
The British sitcom "Goodnight Sweetheart" paid tribute to "Dad's Army" in episode one of its second series in 1995. Here, lead character Gary Sparrow - a time-traveller from the 1990s - goes into a bank in 1941 and meets a bank manager named Mainwaring and Wilson, his chief clerk, both of whom are in the Home Guard. When he hears the names Mainwaring and Wilson, Gary begins singing the "Dad's Army" theme song.
Cultural influence.
The characters of "Dad's Army" and their catchphrases are well known in the UK due to the popularity of the series when originally shown and the frequency of repeats.
Jimmy Perry recalls that before writing the sitcom, the Home Guard was a largely forgotten aspect of Britain's defence in the Second World War, something which the series rectified. In a 1972 "Radio Times" interview, Arthur Lowe expresses surprise at the programme’s success;
We expected the show to have limited appeal, to the age group that lived through the war and the Home Guard. We didn’t expect what has happened – that children from the age of five upwards would enjoy it too.
A brief visual reference to Dad's Army is made at the start of the episode Rag Week from the nineties British sitcom "The Thin Blue Line". More explicitly, there is a spoof Dad's Army scene in the "Goodnight Sweetheart" episode Don't Get Around Much Any More. There are also a number of, possibly intentional, cross-references to Dad's Army in the "Doctor Who" episode Victory of the Daleks, set in wartime London.
The Sega Mega-CD port of the arcade game "Mortal Kombat" (developed by British programmers Probe Software), contained a cheat code (known as the "Dad's Code"), which allowed the player to rename the fighters to those of characters from "Dad's Army".
Media releases.
The BBC released two "Best of" DVD sets in October 2001 and September 2002, but it was not until September 2004 that the full series began to be released, with the first series and the surviving episodes of the second series being released first, along with the documentary "Missing Presumed Wiped". By November 2007, the entire series had been released, with the final edition featuring the specials "The Battle of the Giants", "The Love of Three Oranges" and "My Brother and I", along with various other appearances including several "Christmas Night with the Stars" sketches and excerpts from the stage show. The DVDs also include short individual biographical documentaries about the characters and their actors called "We Are the Boys". The Columbia film adaptation is also available, although as this is not a BBC production, this is not included in the boxed set.

</doc>
<doc id="21346430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346430" title="Gyeongguk daejeon">
Gyeongguk daejeon

Gyeongguk daejeon is a complete code of law that comprises every law, acts, customs, ordinances released since the late Goryeo Dynasty to the early Joseon Dynasty. It had been a basis for over 500 years of Joseon Dynasty politics. Gyeongguk daejeon was promulgated in 1485, the 16th year of King Seongjong’s reign after the final edition was codified, based on the first complete code of laws, "Gyeongje yukjeon" (經濟六典, Six Codes of Governance) and its implemented edition, "Sokyukjeon" (續六典, Amended Six Codes of Governance) which were issued in the reign of the state founder, King Taejo.

</doc>
<doc id="21346446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346446" title="Tony Meeker">
Tony Meeker

Tony Meeker (born March 18, 1939) is a politician in Oregon. He was appointed State Treasurer in 1987. Oregon Governor Neil Goldschmidt appointed him to fill the vacancy created when Bill Rutherford resigned from office. Meeker was elected to a full term in 1988. He had also served in the Oregon House of Representatives and in the Oregon State Senate.
Meeker was born in Amity, Oregon in 1939.
Appointment to statewide office.
In 1986, Tony Meeker ran for Congress against Democrat Les AuCoin in Oregon's first congressional district. After losing to AuCoin, Meeker returned to the State Senate to continue his fifth term representing citizens in portions of Yamhill and Marion counties. Oregon State Treasurer Bill Rutherford announced he was stepping down to take a position in an investment firm in New York. On July 9, 1987 Democratic Governor Neil Goldschmidt appointed Meeker, a Republican, to replace Rutherford, also a Republican, to fill the remainder of Rutherford's term. He made a second unsuccessful bid for U.S. Congress in 1992, losing to Elizabeth Furse.

</doc>
<doc id="21346482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346482" title="List of The Deer and the Cauldron characters">
List of The Deer and the Cauldron characters

The following is a list of characters from the novel "The Deer and the Cauldron" by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). Some of these characters previously appeared in another novel "Sword Stained with Royal Blood", also by Jin Yong. Some of these characters are also based on historical figures, such as the Kangxi Emperor, Oboi, Wu Sangui, Chen Yuanyuan, Princess Changping, Zheng Keshuang, Feng Xifan, Galdan Boshugtu Khan, Sophia Alekseyevna, Wu Liuqi, and Zha Jizuo (a possible ancestor of Jin Yong, whose real name is Zha Liangyong).
Mystic Dragon Cult.
The Mystic Dragon Cult () is a martial arts sect based on Mystic Dragon Island (神龍島), located somewhere off the northeastern coast of China.

</doc>
<doc id="21346491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346491" title="Terra Cotta, California">
Terra Cotta, California

Terra Cotta, California is a former mining town in Riverside County. It was established in 1887, in the Warm Springs Valley northwest of the town of Lake Elsinore, and later incorporated into the City of Lake Elsinore. 
Coal, along with clay deposits, was found on the site by John D. Huff in the late 1880s, and the Southern California Coal and Clay Company was formed to mine them. The town site of Terra Cotta was laid out and was given a post office on October 26, 1887. In May 1893 its post office was closed and moved to Lake Elsinore. A plant for the manufacture of sewer and water pipes was built using the coal to fire ceramic pipes in the four kilns. The finished product had to be shipped by wagon six miles through Lake Elsinore to the La Laguna rail station at the mouth of Railroad Canyon until 1896 when a spur line was built through Lake Elsinore and Terra Cotta to the new clay deposits in Alberhill. The coal mined was also used locally as fuel for the stamping mill at the Good Hope Mine and was shipped elsewhere in the state. 
Almost abandoned in 1901, Terra Cotta was revived in 1906 when the California Fireproof Construction Company built a new plant there to make ceramic pipes. In 1912, the plant was closed; by 1925, it was closed down, along with most of the buildings in the town. The clay mine in the town site continued to be operated by the Pacific Clay Products Company until 1940, when they transferred all their operations to Alberhill. 
An old grid of dirt streets laid out through the sagebrush is all that remains of Terra Cotta. It can be accessed from Lakeshore Drive by Terra Cotta Road or from the I-15 freeway by Nichols Road. 

</doc>
<doc id="21346511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346511" title="Gromeko">
Gromeko

Gromeko or Gromyko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21346519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346519" title="Songololo">
Songololo

Songololo is a town in Bas-Congo Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Transport.
It is served by a station of the national railway system on the line between the ocean port and the capital of Kinshasa.

</doc>
<doc id="21346531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346531" title="Cyberjets">
Cyberjets

The Cyberjets were a group of Transformers toys released in 1994-95. There were both Autobot and Decepticon groups.

</doc>
<doc id="21346538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346538" title="Shish River">
Shish River

The Shish River flows through the Omsk Oblast of Russia and is a right tributary of the Irtysh. It is 378 km long with a basin area of 5,270 km². The Shish usually freezes by early November and the ice breaks up by the end of April.

</doc>
<doc id="21346551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346551" title="Pat Conway">
Pat Conway

Patrick Douglas Conway, known as Pat Conway (January 9, 1931—April 24, 1981), was an American actor best known for his starring role as young but tough Sheriff Clay Hollister on the ABC and then syndicated western television series "Tombstone Territory" (1957–1960). He was a maternal grandson of silent film star Francis X. Bushman (1883–1966).
Conway was born in Los Angeles, California, to director Jack Conway (1887–1952) and the former Virginia Bushman (born 1908 - deceased). He was a maternal nephew of actor Ralph Bushman (1903–1978), sometimes cited as Francis X. Bushman, Jr., and the art director Bruce Bushman (1911–1972).
His role in Westerns.
As Sheriff Hollister in the pre-statehood boom town of Tombstone, located south of Tucson in Arizona Territory and known by the sobriquet, "The town too tough to die", Conway co-starred with Richard Eastham as Harris Claibourne, the editor of the actual newspaper, "The Tombstone Epitaph".
The series ran on ABC in the 1957-1958 season opposite the sitcom "Father Knows Best", then on NBC, returned to the ABC schedule for the second half of the 1959 season, and was then placed in syndication before it ceased production in June 1960. Conway, as did Eastham, appeared in all ninety-three episodes.
Quintin Sondergaard played Quint in eleven episodes of the two later seasons. Gilman Rankin starred as Deputy Charlie Riggs in seven episodes, and Dennis Moore (1908–1964) appeared as "Deputy" in five segments. Robert J. Wilke, John Doucette, and Warren Oates all appeared three times, respectively, as Burt Foster, Chief Geronimo, and Bob Pickett.
Among the episodes are "Gunslinger from Galeville" (the series premiere), "A Bullet for an Editor", "Guns of Silver", "Postmarked for Death", "The Epitaph", "Geronimo", "The Outcasts" (about a religious sect), "The Lady Gambler", "The Black Marshal from Deadwood", and "Doc Holliday in Durango".
Conway guest-starred in numerous other westerns too:
(1) Rory Calhoun's CBS series, "The Texan" in role of Mike Kaler in the 1958 episode "The Troubled Town"
(2) NBC's "Laramie" as Tom Wade in the episode "The Killer Legend" (December 12, 1961). Wade is a framed ex-convict who returns to Laramie, Wyoming, with the mistaken belief that Sheriff Mort Corey, played by Stuart Randall, had planted evidence against him. While Corey is away, series character Jess Harper (Robert Fuller) is the acting deputy. The plot reveals that Wade was framed, and the culprit was not Corey but Milt Lane, played by Dick Foran, Wade's former employer. Joan Evans plays Wade's wife, Julie, who never stopped believing in him. Kevin Hagen and Harry Lauter play the brothers Roy and Joe Bartell, Lane's henchmen.
(3) NBC's modern-day western "Empire" as Dan Bishop in the 1963 episode "Season of Growth"
(4) CBS's "Rawhide" as Reed McCuller in the 1965 episode "Moment in the Sun"
(5) NBC's Chuck Connors series "Branded" as Johnny Dolan in the 1965 segment "The Bounty"
(6) ABC's "The Iron Horse" as Brill in the 1966 episode "Big Deal"
(7) ABC's "Hondo" as Redell in "Hondo and the Singing Wire"; "Hondo" star Ralph Taeger (born 1936) had also appeared twice with Conway on "Tombstone Territory".
(9) CBS's "Gunsmoke" as Quade in "Obie Tater" (1955), as Billy Gunter in "Kitty Caught" (1958), as Toque Morlan in "How to Kill a Friend" (also 1958), and as Varnum in "Shadler" (1973).
He appeared in two western films: (1) as Captain William Maynard in "Geronimo" (1962), starring Chuck Connors in the title role, and (2) as the villain Jake Irons in "Brighty of the Grand Canyon" (1967), with co-stars Joseph Cotten and Karl Swenson, a story of a canyon mule filmed in Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona.
Dramatic roles.
Conway's first on-screen appearance was at the age of twenty in 1951 in the episode "Brief Music" of NBC's "Kraft Television Theatre". That same year, he had the uncredited part of Sid Cutler in the film "Westward the Women". In 1952, he had the uncredited part of the projectionist in "Singin' in the Rain".
In 1955 and 1956, Conway was cast in two historic roles on Walter Cronkite's CBS series "You Are There", first as young boxer James J. Corbett, fighting the champion John L. Sullivan, in the segment "The Birth of Modern Boxing: John L. Sullivan—James J. Corbett Battle (September 7, 1892)" and then in the American Revolution segment "Benedict Arnold's Plot Against West Point (September 23, 1780)".
Conway appeared as Mel in the 1955 episode "Radioactive" of Broderick Crawford's syndicated series "Highway Patrol". About this time, he appeared in the religion anthology series, "Crossroads". In 1956, he portrayed "Joe" in the episode "Woman Afraid" of "Four Star Playhouse". In 1957, Conway appeared as Joshua McCabe in the episode "Start Running" of ABC's "The West Point Story", a drama about cadets at the United States Military Academy. In 1957, he appeared as Saunders in the episode "Rodeo Rough House" of Rod Cameron's syndicated "State Trooper" series.
Conway also appeared in two films in 1957, as Sergeant Pete Allen in "The Deadly Mantis" (science fiction) and as United States Navy Lieutenant Brad Chase in "Undersea Girl". While on "Tombstone Territory", Conway appeared in the title role of the 1959 episode "The William Courtney Story" of CBS's "The Millionaire" fantasy drama.
Other dramatic roles were in 1962 as Johnny Bicker in the episode "Devil's Canyon" of the syndicated adventure series "Ripcord", starring Larry Pennell and Ken Curtis, and as Lieutenant Bert Evans in "Squadron" of NBC's "The Dick Powell Show". He appeared as Colonel Stone in the 1968 episode "The Professional" of the revived NBC series "Tarzan", starring Ron Ely. His last roles were as Sheriff Townsend in the television movie, "The Abduction of Saint Anne", and on Karl Malden's ABC series "The Streets of San Francisco", as Victor A. Coyle in "The Bullet" (1972), and as Al Doylen in "Endgame" (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="21346573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346573" title="James David Barber">
James David Barber

James David Barber (July 31, 1930 – September 12, 2004) was a political scientist whose book "The Presidential Character" made him famous for his classification of presidents through their worldviews. From 1977 to 1995 he was a professor of political science at Duke University.
Background.
Barber was born on July 31, 1930, in Charleston, West Virginia, to a physician and nurse. In the 1950s he served in the United States Army as a counter-intelligence agent before attending the University of Chicago. He earned a master's degree in political science while he was there, and he moved on to receive a PhD in the same field at Yale University. 
He joined the faculty at Duke University in 1972, and he became a fully fledged professor at that institute in 1977.
He is credited in the field of political science for being the first to examine presidents beyond case studies. He devised a system of organizing a president's character into either active-positive, passive-positive, active-negative, or passive-negative. 

</doc>
<doc id="21346609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346609" title="Rod-and-ring symbol">
Rod-and-ring symbol

The Rod and ring symbol is a symbol that is depicted on Mesopotamian stelas, cylinder seals and reliefs. It is held by a god or goddess and in most cases is being offered to a king who is standing, often making a sacrifice, or otherwise showing respect. The symbol dates from the Sumerian Renaissance to the Neo-Assyrian Period, and is commonly explained as a coil of measuring string and a yardstick. Other theories are that they are a shepherds crook and a noserope, or that the ring is no rope at all.
The best known example of the symbol is seen on the Code of Hammurabi stela. The most elaborate depiction is found on the Ur-Nammu-stela, where the winding of the cords has been detailed by the sculptor. This has also been described as a "staff and a chaplet of beads". There is discussion whether the Ur-Nammu-stela is showing the same thing.
Scepter, throne, and ring: Enuma Elish.
The myth of Inanna's descent to the nether world describes how the goddess dresses and prepares herself: "She held the lapis-lazuli measuring rod and measuring line in her hand."
In tablet IV of the Enuma Elish, the rod and ring symbol is referenced as:

</doc>
<doc id="21346650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346650" title="Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura 2009">
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura 2009

The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura 2009 season ("officially known as "Torneo Clausura 2009""), started on January 31, 2009, and concluded on May 24, 2009.
A.D. Isidro Metapán the defending champions, won their third league title winning the previous season as well. A total of 10 teams contested the league.
The 10 teams of the Primera División each played 18 matches, playing each team twice (home and away). The top four teams qualified directly to the semifinals.
A.D. Isidro Metapán gained entry into the CONCACAF Champions League 2009-10 winning the season as well as the previous one .
Final.
Since A.D. Isidro Metapán already qualified for 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League, C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo also qualified (originally Apetura 2008 runner-up C.D. Chalatenango qualified, but they failed to file the required participation agreement).
List of foreign players in the league.
This is a list of foreign players in Clausura 2009. The following players:
each club could have four players
C.D. Águila
Alianza F.C.
C.D. Chalatenango
Atlético Balboa
C.D. FAS
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
A.D. Isidro Metapán
Nejapa F.C.
Juventud Independiente
Vista Hermosa

</doc>
<doc id="21346659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346659" title="Anomalous scattering">
Anomalous scattering

In X-ray crystallography, anomalous scattering refers to a change in a diffracting X-ray’s phase that is unique from the rest of the atoms in a crystal due to strong X-ray absorbance. The amount of energy that individual atoms absorb depends on their atomic number. The relatively light atoms found in proteins such as carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen do not contribute to anomalous scattering at normal X-ray wavelengths used for X-ray crystallography. Thus, in order to observe anomalous scattering, a heavy atom must be native to the protein or a heavy atom derivative should be made. In addition, the X-ray’s wavelength should be close to the heavy atom’s absorption edge.
See also.
Anomalous X-ray scattering

</doc>
<doc id="21346668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346668" title="At the Mercy of Inspiration">
At the Mercy of Inspiration

At the Mercy of Inspiration was a technical metal band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The band formed in 2000 and went on indefinite hiatus in 2005.
They toured with Alexisonfire, The End and A Day and a Deathwish.
Members of the band would go on to play in notable acts such as the Cancer Bats, Cursed, Fever Out!, Sun Satellite, The Artist Life.

</doc>
<doc id="21346686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346686" title="Giambattista Scandella">
Giambattista Scandella

Giambattista Scandella (1770-1798) was an Italian physician and scientist who emigrated to the United States in 1796. Scandella studied medicine at the University of Padua, and then went into medical practice in Venice in 1786. He also conducted agricultural research on fertilizer and other topics.
Scandella was appointed as Secretary of the Venetian Embassy, serving in London. With experience abroad, Scandella had interest in American. He went to Quebec in 1796, and then settled in Philadelphia. There, he became an acquaintance of President George Washington and Benjamin Rush, and was a friend of architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in April 1798.
At the time in Philadelphia, there was great animosity between the Federalists and Thomas Jefferson's Democratic-Republican Party. Scandella was a libertarian and radical, and feared for his freedom and safety from John Adams' Federalists. In 1798, he decided to return to Europe, and headed to New York City to seek ocean passage. In traveling through swampy areas of New Jersey, he contracted yellow fever and was very sick when he arrive in New York. An acquaintance, Elihu Hubbard Smith, provided a place for him to stay and Scandella died there on September 17.

</doc>
<doc id="21346690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346690" title="List of municipalities on Long Island">
List of municipalities on Long Island

This is a list of cities, towns, villages, and hamlets on Long Island.
Introduction.
In New York State, each county is divided into cities and towns. Every point in New York is inside either a city or a town. Additionally, towns may optionally contain villages, which are smaller incorporated municipalities within the town. Villages may overlap multiple towns. Well-known unincorporated places within towns are referred to as hamlets.
A town or city is the major subdivision of each county. Towns provide or arrange for most municipal services for residents of hamlets and selected services for residents of villages. All residents of New York who do not live in a city or on an Indian reservation live in a town.
A village is an incorporated area which is usually, but not always, within a single town. A village is a clearly defined municipality that provides the services closest to the residents, such as garbage collection, street and highway maintenance, street lighting and building codes. Some villages provide their own police and other optional services. A hamlet is a populated area within a town that is not part of a village. The term "hamlet" is not defined under New York law (unlike cities, towns and villages), but is often used in the state's statutes to refer to well-known populated sections of towns that are not incorporated as villages.
Brooklyn and Queens.
Brooklyn and Queens as part of the City of New York.
Nassau County.
Town of Hempstead.
The Town of Hempstead contains 22 villages and 35 hamlets:
Town of North Hempstead.
The Town of North Hempstead contains 31 villages.
Town of Oyster Bay.
The Town of Oyster Bay contains 18 villages and 18 hamlets:
The U.S. Postal Service has organized these 36 places into 20 different Post Offices with a total of 30 different 5-digit ZIP codes. Some Post Offices have the same name as a hamlet or village, but the boundaries are seldom the same.
Suffolk County.
Fire Island.
Fire Island is not a separate town, but its villages are listed here due to its geographical isolation.
See also.
Timeline of town creation in Downstate New York

</doc>
<doc id="21346696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346696" title="Kasangulu">
Kasangulu

Kasangulu is a town in Bas-Congo Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Matadi–Kinshasa Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="21346715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346715" title="Gilbert L. Gigliotti">
Gilbert L. Gigliotti

Gilbert L. Gigliotti (born 7 November 1961) is a Professor of early American literature in the English Department at Central Connecticut State University in New Britain, Connecticut, where he has taught since 1992. He earned a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature (Latin, Greek, and English) at The Catholic University of America (1992).
Gigliotti's dissertation, entitled ""Musae Americanae": The Neo-Latin Poetry of Colonial and Revolutionary America," remains the only book-length examination of neo-Latin poetic practice in Anglo-American culture. He has written articles and reviews on a variety of early American Neo-Latin subjects, including farmer/poet John Beveridge and early American Puritan elegies.
At CCSU, Gigliotti teaches a variety of early American authors, including The Connecticut Wits, Anne Bradstreet, Edward Taylor, Cotton Mather, and Nathaniel Hawthorne. He produces Central Authors, the university's television series featuring faculty, staff, and alumni/ae speaking about their publications. 
Gigliotti has authored two books on Frank Sinatra, hosts a weekly radio program on WFCS, curated exhibits of Sinatra memorabilia at several libraries throughout central Connecticut, and speaks about the singer/actor/entertainer to civic, service, and social clubs. He has taught a course on Sinatra in literature, as well. His work is part of a sustained academic interest in the cultural importance of Sinatra that has been well documented in many media outlets, including The New York Times and The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Other publications examine Girolamo Fracastoro's 16th-century neo-Latin poem "Syphilis", American poet Philip Freneau, and chess in early America.

</doc>
<doc id="21346727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346727" title="MV Hayat N">
MV Hayat N

The MV "Hayat N" was a Turkish RORO ferry that sank on September 15, 2008 23:30 local time (21:30 GMT) in the Sea of Marmara off Bandırma in Balıkesir Province, Turkey. Owned by Istanbul Lines, she was operated by Marmara N Denizcilik between the Marmara Sea ports Bandırma, Ambarlı and Haydarpaşa.
The vessel sank around 15 minutes after leaving Bandırma en route to Ambarlı, Istanbul Province. It was carrying 68 passengers and 28 crew with 73 trucks and two cars. One person was killed and five were missing. 89 of the survivors swam to shore or were rescued by fishing boats. 25 were admitted to hospitals. The cause of the sinking is thought to be that the ship was overloaded. 
Aftermath.
Rescue operations, started immediately to search for the missing persons, were terminated on September 19 without any success.
Divers found the wreckage off the port's north breakwater at a depth of . Most of the 73 trucks were scattered around the shipwreck.
As reported on October 1, the corpse of one of the missing passengers landed ashore around from the place, where the vessel sunk. The body of another missing person was brought to surface by divers on October 5.

</doc>
<doc id="21346731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346731" title="Schwefel">
Schwefel

Schwefel is a German independent band founded in 1984 by "Norbert Schwefel" (born 22 August 1960 in Mannheim).
History.
In 1984 musician and producer Norbert Schwefel started recording tapes and records, in the beginning all by himself, later in collaboration with several musicians. Schwefel were commended by the press and lots of fanzines in the early 80's and often described as the forthcoming stars of the independent scene. Since they didn't reach a big success, the band stopped releasing albums from 1992 to 1999. Then the career was continued by a compilation and a number of new releases.
Musical style.
Schwefel are an Indie rock group mainly influenced by Glam rock, Electronic body music and Psychedelic rock.

</doc>
<doc id="21346757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346757" title="Mahoras Brook">
Mahoras Brook

Mahoras Brook is an approximately long spring-fed tributary of Waackaack Creek that flows through Monmouth County, New Jersey. It rises in a small glen shortly west of Middletown, at and makes a bend north, flowing through the northwest section of Tatum Park. The creek flows under Holland Road and runs north in a small, forested swale through a dominantly residential area, roughly paralleling Laurel Avenue (County Route 52), and receives a small tributary on the left bank. Then it flows under New Jersey State Route 35 and soon, its mouth is on the left bank of Waackaack Creek at .

</doc>
<doc id="21346762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346762" title="Molo fire">
Molo fire

An oil spill ignition occurred in Molo, Kenya, on 31 January 2009 and resulted in the deaths of at least 113 people and critical injuries to over 200 more. The incident occurred when an oil spill from an overturned truck burst into flames as onlookers attempted to obtain remnants of the spilled fuel for personal use. Rescuers suggested the cause to be static electricity, an accidentally-discarded cigarette, or an individual angered at a police blockade who sought vengeance. Police have described the carnage as Kenya's worst disaster in recent times, occurring in a country hit by frequent fuel shortages and just days after a supermarket fire killed 25.
In June 2009, another similar accident occurred, when an oil tanker fire killed at least four and injured nearly 50 people at Kapokyek village near Kericho. The victims were siphoning fuel from the tanker that had fallen off the road.
Kenyan disaster management.
The fire was the second such disaster in Kenya that week, following the deaths of at least 25 people in a Nairobi supermarket when a branch of Nakumatt caught fire. The Kenyan media has been criticising the government for its poor safety standards and inadequate disaster preparation. Following that blaze, the "Daily Nation" reported that Nairobi's three million inhabitants were served only by one fire station situated close to a traffic-choked business district.

</doc>
<doc id="21346767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346767" title="Miss Mundo Dominicana 2004">
Miss Mundo Dominicana 2004

The Miss Mundo Dominicana 2004 pageant will be held on October 10, 2004. This year only 20 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Dominican Republic at the Miss World 2004. The delegates used their intro dress to Introduce themselves. After that they each showed their Provincial Costumes. Then they would use their Swimsuit and would get points. Then they would use their Evening Gown and would get points as well. The judges would average them out and then selected a delegate who did the best from their region. They would get sashed by the region they were representing. Then they got questioned in the Top 6. They selected 3 candidate who answered great. The candidate would get a vote from the audience and the judges together and would get the winner from the highest vote. The winner would go to Miss World and become First Runner Up. In this edition, there is 3 candidate for each Dominican Regions.

</doc>
<doc id="21346789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346789" title="Mary Fisher (activist)">
Mary Fisher (activist)

Mary Fisher (born April 6, 1948) is an American political activist, artist and author. After contracting HIV from her second husband, she has become an outspoken HIV/AIDS activist for the prevention, education and for the compassionate treatment of people with HIV and AIDS. She is particularly noted for two speeches before the Republican Convention in Houston in 1992, and in San Diego in 1996. The 1992 speech has been hailed as "one of the best American speeches of the 20th Century."
She is founder of a non-profit organization to fund HIV/AIDS research and education, the Mary Fisher Clinical AIDS Research and Education (CARE) Fund. Since May 2006, she has been a global emissary for the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS).
Early life.
Fisher was born Lizabeth Davis Frehling on April 6, 1948, in Louisville, Kentucky, the daughter of Marjorie Faith (née Switow) and George Allen Frehling. Her parents were of Russian Jewish descent. Her parents divorced when Fisher was four, and the following year her mother married multimillionaire Max Fisher, who adopted Fisher. 
Raised in Michigan, Fisher attended Kingswood School (today's Cranbrook Kingswood School) in Bloomfield Hills (where she had briefly dated politician Mitt Romney), and attended college at the University of Michigan for a year before taking a volunteer position at ABC television in Detroit, Michigan, which she left when afforded an opportunity to join the staff of Gerald R. Ford, then President of the United States, as the first female "advance man". 
In 1977, Fisher entered her first marriage, which soon dissolved. In 1984, she sought treatment at the Betty Ford Center for alcoholism; while there, she realized she was artistically inclined. After rehabilitation, she resettled to New York City, New York, and in 1987 she married fellow artist Brian Campbell. The couple relocated to Boca Raton, Florida, and expanded their family. Fisher gave birth to son Max and after several miscarriages, adopted a second son, Zachary, with her husband. In 1990, Campbell requested a divorce and in 1991 informed Fisher that he was HIV positive. Fisher soon learned that she had contracted the disease from him, although their children tested negative.
Activist.
Fisher decided to be open about her illness, and after the "Detroit Free Press" published her story in February 1992, she was invited to speak at the 1992 Republican National Convention in Houston, Texas. There, she urged the Republican Party to handle the AIDS crisis and the HIV positive with compassion. In 1995, "The New York Times" credited Fisher along with Elizabeth Glaser, who spoke on her experience with AIDS at the 1992 Democratic National Convention with having "brought AIDS home to America." After that appearance, Fisher created a support group for families affected by AIDS and healthcare workers, the Family AIDS Network, and continued speaking as its representative, promoting education, prevention and acceptance of sufferers. In October 1992, President George Bush appointed her to the National Commission on AIDS to replace Magic Johnson. Fisher spoke again at the 1996 Republican National Convention in San Diego, California. Fisher did not return for the 2000 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; she was replaced by fellow AIDS activist (and "abstinence-only" proponent) Patricia Funderburk Ware.
In 1999, Fisher made news when she, like some other HIV-positive people, decided to stop taking anti-HIV medications which she felt were hurting her quality of life.
But she and her doctors continued to try new drug combinations and, by 2001, were able to suppress the virus without unmanageable side effects. Finding medications that could prolong healthy life marked a turning point, Fisher said in a 2007 "More" magazine interview: "For years it was waiting to die, and then it was turning everything around and trying to figure out how to live."
Fisher expanded her AIDS activism from public speaking into writing, art and international advocacy. She founded the non-profit Mary Fisher CARE Fund, based at the Center for AIDS Research at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, to support clinical AIDS research and promote public education about HIV/AIDS medicine and policy. She serves on the leadership council of the 'Global Coalition on Women and AIDS and with other HIV-positive women has toured the United States to raise awareness about the disease.
Fisher’s international work has focused on Africa and especially Zambia, where she has led fact-finding tours and has promoted income-generation projects to employ HIV-positive women. She has taught African women to create handmade jewelry which is then sold online and in U.S. galleries, with profits returned to the women artisans.
Artist.
Fisher’s art has been exhibited in public and private collections around the world. Collectors include: President and Mrs. George H. W. Bush, President and Mrs. Gerald Ford, Mrs. Henry Ford II, President and Mrs. Mwanawasa of Zambia, and many others. Seven of her sculptures are displayed at the Geneva, Switzerland, headquarters of UNAIDS, as part of Art for AIDS, a collection created to recognize the role art has played in the response to AIDS. Fisher’s work also has been shown at the
[http://www.fordlibrarymuseum.gov/photogallery/ABATAKA.asp]. Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum.
Fisher is represented year round by Goldenstein Gallery ([http://www.goldensteinart.com]) Uptown Sedona, Arizona. A special show featuring her work is held annually in November. The show is titled: CHI: Art as a Healing Medium. The opening reception is held the first Friday in November. Fisher speaks in the gallery at least once a year.
She is active with the Sedona Visual Artists Coalition
Author.
Fisher is the author of six books: An autobiography called "My Name is Mary: A Memoir;" "Angels in Our Midst," a photographic tribute to AIDS caregivers; "ABATAKA," a collection of her 'AIDS-themed and African-influenced arts works; two books containing transcripts of speeches, "Sleep With the Angels" and "I'll Not Go Quietly" and in 2012, "Messenger: A Self-Portrait" (Greenleaf Book Group, Austin, TX).

</doc>
<doc id="21346823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346823" title="Jamestown (Parliament of Ireland constituency)">
Jamestown (Parliament of Ireland constituency)

Jamestown was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800. It took its name from Jamestown, County Leitrim.
History.
In the Patriot Parliament of 1689 summoned by King James II, Jamestown was represented with two members.

</doc>
<doc id="21346831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346831" title="Joseph Delaney (artist)">
Joseph Delaney (artist)

Joseph Delaney (1904November 21, 1991) was an African-American artist who became a part of the New York art scene at the time of the Harlem Renaissance. 
Biography.
He was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, one of ten children of a Methodist minister. He was the younger brother of Beauford Delaney, with whom he shared an interest in drawing. After a period spent working as a bellhop, Joseph took to hoboing. In 1930, he went to New York City to study at the Art Students League, where his first teacher was Alexander Brook. He subsequently became a student of Thomas Hart Benton, who he later cited as a major influence, saying, "Benton will be with me always".
Joseph Delaney lived and worked in New York until 1986, when he returned to Knoxville to become an artist-in-residence at the University of Tennessee, a position he held until his death in 1991.
The Art Institute of Chicago, the Knoxville Museum of Art, the Museum of the City of New York, the Indianapolis Museum of Art, and the Smithsonian American Art Museum are among the museums holding works by Joseph Delaney.

</doc>
<doc id="21346889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346889" title="Jeff Clifton">
Jeff Clifton

Jeff Clifton (21 February 1949 – 18 October 2010) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Clifton, from Western Australia, was a regular member of the Collingwood defense during the early 1970s. He was their full-back in Collingwood's 1970 VFL Grand Final loss to Carlton and in 1975 made the switch to Fitzroy which enabled him to play a further two league seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="21346895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346895" title="Clericus">
Clericus

Clericus may refer to :
In the Anglican Church, Clericus is a monthly gathering of the Clergy of a Deanery, under the leadership of the Regional Dean or Rural Dean, for the purpose of mutual encouragement, communication, another ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="21346897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346897" title="List of birthday songs">
List of birthday songs

This list of birthday songs contains songs which are the equivalent of "Happy Birthday To You", sung in restaurants and homes around the globe on birthday occasions.
Based on the tune: "Happy Birthday to You".
These are translations or variations sung to the tune of the traditional English language song.
Less canonical birthday songs and pop-music songs.
Please add songs alphabetically by title

</doc>
<doc id="21346909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346909" title="AFCOM">
AFCOM

AFCOM is an acronym for the Ambulance and Fire Communication Centre at Spring Hill in Brisbane, Queensland. It forms the primary communication centre for the Queensland Ambulance Service and Queensland Fire and Rescue Service operations. The centre answers urgent triple zero calls from the public requesting fire and ambulance services. Over 150 staff coordinate the fire and rescue Service, road ambulances, Royal Flying Doctor Service and helicopter rescue. These expert communication specialists answer around 600 emergency calls per day and around 400 non-urgent patient transport bookings to deliver vital services which strengthen community resilience and safety. 
Emergency Medical Dispatchers undergo intensive training in the Medical Priority Dispatch System and complete a one year internship before becoming qualified. EMDs deliver essential pre-arrival instructions and advice to the public including resuscitation and childbirth instructions. Afcom liaises closely with the Queensland Police Service and provides medical transport services to Brisbane's public and private health care providers.
Long term plans are in place to move the facility to the Queensland Department of Emergency Services headquarters on the north side of Brisbane in a new state-of-the-art building.

</doc>
<doc id="21346982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346982" title="Kernel (operating system)">
Kernel (operating system)

In computing, the kernel is a computer program that manages input/output requests from software and translates them into data processing instructions for the central processing unit and other electronic components of a computer. The kernel is a fundamental part of a modern computer's operating system.
When a computer program (in this case called a "process") makes requests of the kernel, the request is called a system call. Various kernel designs differ in how they manage system calls (time-sharing) and resources. For example, a monolithic kernel executes all the operating system instructions in the same address space to improve the performance of the system. A microkernel runs most of the operating system's background process in user space, to make the operating system more modular and, therefore, easier to maintain.
For computer programmers, the kernel's interface is a low-level abstraction layer.
Kernel basic facilities.
The kernel's primary function is to manage the computer's hardware and resources and allow other programs to run and use these resources. Typically, the resources consist of:
Key aspects necessary in resource management are the definition of an execution domain (address space) and the protection mechanism used to mediate the accesses to the resources within a domain.
Kernels also usually provide methods for synchronization and communication between processes called inter-process communication (IPC).
A kernel may implement these features itself, or rely on some of the processes it runs to provide the facilities to other processes, although in this case it must provide some means of IPC to allow processes to access the facilities provided by each other.
Finally, a kernel must provide running programs with a method to make requests to access these facilities.
Memory management.
The kernel has full access to the system's memory and must allow processes to safely access this memory as they require it. Often the first step in doing this is virtual addressing, usually achieved by paging and/or segmentation. Virtual addressing allows the kernel to make a given physical address appear to be another address, the virtual address. Virtual address spaces may be different for different processes; the memory that one process accesses at a particular (virtual) address may be different memory from what another process accesses at the same address. This allows every program to behave as if it is the only one (apart from the kernel) running and thus prevents applications from crashing each other.
On many systems, a program's virtual address may refer to data which is not currently in memory. The layer of indirection provided by virtual addressing allows the operating system to use other data stores, like a hard drive, to store what would otherwise have to remain in main memory (RAM). As a result, operating systems can allow programs to use more memory than the system has physically available. When a program needs data which is not currently in RAM, the CPU signals to the kernel that this has happened, and the kernel responds by writing the contents of an inactive memory block to disk (if necessary) and replacing it with the data requested by the program. The program can then be resumed from the point where it was stopped. This scheme is generally known as demand paging.
Virtual addressing also allows creation of virtual partitions of memory in two disjointed areas, one being reserved for the kernel (kernel space) and the other for the applications (user space). The applications are not permitted by the processor to address kernel memory, thus preventing an application from damaging the running kernel. This fundamental partition of memory space has contributed much to current designs of actual general-purpose kernels and is almost universal in such systems, although some research kernels (e.g. Singularity) take other approaches.
Device management.
To perform useful functions, processes need access to the peripherals connected to the computer, which are controlled by the kernel through device drivers. A device driver is a computer program that enables the operating system to interact with a hardware device. It provides the operating system with information of how to control and communicate with a certain piece of hardware. The driver is an important and vital piece to a program application. The design goal of a driver is abstraction; the function of the driver is to translate the OS-mandated function calls (programming calls) into device-specific calls. In theory, the device should work correctly with the suitable driver. Device drivers are used for such things as video cards, sound cards, printers, scanners, modems, and LAN cards. The common levels of abstraction of device drivers are:
1. On the hardware side:
2. On the software side:
For example, to show the user something on the screen, an application would make a request to the kernel, which would forward the request to its display driver, which is then responsible for actually plotting the character/pixel.
A kernel must maintain a list of available devices. This list may be known in advance (e.g. on an embedded system where the kernel will be rewritten if the available hardware changes), configured by the user (typical on older PCs and on systems that are not designed for personal use) or detected by the operating system at run time (normally called plug and play). In a plug and play system, a device manager first performs a scan on different hardware buses, such as Peripheral Component Interconnect (PCI) or Universal Serial Bus (USB), to detect installed devices, then searches for the appropriate drivers.
As device management is a very OS-specific topic, these drivers are handled differently by each kind of kernel design, but in every case, the kernel has to provide the I/O to allow drivers to physically access their devices through some port or memory location. Very important decisions have to be made when designing the device management system, as in some designs accesses may involve context switches, making the operation very CPU-intensive and easily causing a significant performance overhead.
System calls.
In computing, a system call is how a program requests a service from an operating system's kernel that it does not normally have permission to run. System calls provide the interface between a process and the operating system. Most operations interacting with the system require permissions not available to a user level process, e.g. I/O performed with a device present on the system, or any form of communication with other processes requires the use of system calls.
A system call is a mechanism that is used by the application program to request a service from the operating system. They use a machine-code instruction that causes the processor to change mode. An example would be from supervisor mode to protected mode. This is where the operating system performs actions like accessing hardware devices or the memory management unit. Generally the operating system provides a library that sits between the operating system and normal programs. Usually it is a C library such as Glibc or Windows API. The library handles the low-level details of passing information to the kernel and switching to supervisor mode. System calls include close, open, read, wait and write.
To actually perform useful work, a process must be able to access the services provided by the kernel. This is implemented differently by each kernel, but most provide a C library or an API, which in turn invokes the related kernel functions.
The method of invoking the kernel function varies from kernel to kernel. If memory isolation is in use, it is impossible for a user process to call the kernel directly, because that would be a violation of the processor's access control rules. A few possibilities are:
Kernel design decisions.
Issues of kernel support for protection.
An important consideration in the design of a kernel is the support it provides for protection from faults (fault tolerance) and from malicious behaviors (security). These two aspects are usually not clearly distinguished, and the adoption of this distinction in the kernel design leads to the rejection of a hierarchical structure for protection.
The mechanisms or policies provided by the kernel can be classified according to several criteria, including: static (enforced at compile time) or dynamic (enforced at run time); pre-emptive or post-detection; according to the protection principles they satisfy (i.e. Denning); whether they are hardware supported or language based; whether they are more an open mechanism or a binding policy; and many more.
Support for hierarchical protection domains is typically that of CPU modes. An efficient and simple way to provide hardware support of capabilities is to delegate the MMU the responsibility of checking access-rights for every memory access, a mechanism called capability-based addressing. Most commercial computer architectures lack MMU support for capabilities.
An alternative approach is to simulate capabilities using commonly supported hierarchical domains; in this approach, each protected object must reside in an address space that the application does not have access to; the kernel also maintains a list of capabilities in such memory. When an application needs to access an object protected by a capability, it performs a system call and the kernel performs the access for it. The performance cost of address space switching limits the practicality of this approach in systems with complex interactions between objects, but it is used in current operating systems for objects that are not accessed frequently or which are not expected to perform quickly.
Approaches where protection mechanism are not firmware supported but are instead simulated at higher levels (e.g. simulating capabilities by manipulating page tables on hardware that does not have direct support), are possible, but there are performance implications. Lack of hardware support may not be an issue, however, for systems that choose to use language-based protection.
An important kernel design decision is the choice of the abstraction levels where the security mechanisms and policies should be implemented. Kernel security mechanisms play a critical role in supporting security at higher levels.
One approach is to use firmware and kernel support for fault tolerance (see above), and build the security policy for malicious behavior on top of that (adding features such as cryptography mechanisms where necessary), delegating some responsibility to the compiler. Approaches that delegate enforcement of security policy to the compiler and/or the application level are often called "language-based security".
The lack of many critical security mechanisms in current mainstream operating systems impedes the implementation of adequate security policies at the application abstraction level. In fact, a common misconception in computer security is that any security policy can be implemented in an application regardless of kernel support.
Hardware-based protection or language-based protection.
Typical computer systems today use hardware-enforced rules about what programs are allowed to access what data. The processor monitors the execution and stops a program that violates a rule (e.g., a user process that is about to read or write to kernel memory, and so on). In systems that lack support for capabilities, processes are isolated from each other by using separate address spaces. Calls from user processes into the kernel are regulated by requiring them to use one of the above-described system call methods.
An alternative approach is to use language-based protection. In a language-based protection system, the kernel will only allow code to execute that has been produced by a trusted language compiler. The language may then be designed such that it is impossible for the programmer to instruct it to do something that will violate a security requirement.
Advantages of this approach include:
Disadvantages include:
Examples of systems with language-based protection include JX and Microsoft's Singularity.
Process cooperation.
Edsger Dijkstra proved that from a logical point of view, atomic lock and unlock operations operating on binary semaphores are sufficient primitives to express any functionality of process cooperation. However this approach is generally held to be lacking in terms of safety and efficiency, whereas a message passing approach is more flexible. A number of other approaches (either lower- or higher-level) are available as well, with many modern kernels providing support for systems such as shared memory and remote procedure calls.
I/O devices management.
The idea of a kernel where I/O devices are handled uniformly with other processes, as parallel co-operating processes, was first proposed and implemented by Brinch Hansen (although similar ideas were suggested in 1967). In Hansen's description of this, the "common" processes are called "internal processes", while the I/O devices are called "external processes".
Similar to physical memory, allowing applications direct access to controller ports and registers can cause the controller to malfunction, or system to crash. With this, depending on the complexity of the device, some devices can get surprisingly complex to program, and use several different controllers. Because of this, providing a more abstract interface to manage the device is important. This interface is normally done by a Device Driver or Hardware Abstraction Layer. Frequently, applications will require access to these devices. The Kernel must maintain the list of these devices by querying the system for them in some way. This can be done through the BIOS, or through one of the various system buses (such as PCI/PCIE, or USB). When an application requests an operation on a device (Such as displaying a character), the kernel needs to send this request to the current active video driver. The video driver, in turn, needs to carry out this request. This is an example of Inter Process Communication (IPC).
Kernel-wide design approaches.
Naturally, the above listed tasks and features can be provided in many ways that differ from each other in design and implementation.
The principle of "separation of mechanism and policy" is the substantial difference between the philosophy of micro and monolithic kernels. Here a "mechanism" is the support that allows the implementation of many different policies, while a policy is a particular "mode of operation". For instance, a mechanism may provide for user log-in attempts to call an authorization server to determine whether access should be granted; a policy may be for the authorization server to request a password and check it against an encrypted password stored in a database. Because the mechanism is generic, the policy could more easily be changed (e.g. by requiring the use of a security token) than if the mechanism and policy were integrated in the same module.
In minimal microkernel just some very basic policies are included, and its mechanisms allows what is running on top of the kernel (the remaining part of the operating system and the other applications) to decide which policies to adopt (as memory management, high level process scheduling, file system management, etc.). A monolithic kernel instead tends to include many policies, therefore restricting the rest of the system to rely on them.
Per Brinch Hansen presented arguments in favor of separation of mechanism and policy. The failure to properly fulfill this separation is one of the major causes of the lack of substantial innovation in existing operating systems, a problem common in computer architecture. The monolithic design is induced by the "kernel mode"/"user mode" architectural approach to protection (technically called hierarchical protection domains), which is common in conventional commercial systems; in fact, every module needing protection is therefore preferably included into the kernel. This link between monolithic design and "privileged mode" can be reconducted to the key issue of mechanism-policy separation; in fact the "privileged mode" architectural approach melts together the protection mechanism with the security policies, while the major alternative architectural approach, capability-based addressing, clearly distinguishes between the two, leading naturally to a microkernel design (see Separation of protection and security).
While monolithic kernels execute all of their code in the same address space (kernel space) microkernels try to run most of their services in user space, aiming to improve maintainability and modularity of the codebase. Most kernels do not fit exactly into one of these categories, but are rather found in between these two designs. These are called hybrid kernels. More exotic designs such as nanokernels and exokernels are available, but are seldom used for production systems. The Xen hypervisor, for example, is an exokernel.
Monolithic kernels.
In a monolithic kernel, all OS services run along with the main kernel thread, thus also residing in the same memory area. This approach provides rich and powerful hardware access. Some developers, such as UNIX developer Ken Thompson, maintain that it is "easier to implement a monolithic kernel" than microkernels. The main disadvantages of monolithic kernels are the dependencies between system components — a bug in a device driver might crash the entire system — and the fact that large kernels can become very difficult to maintain.
Monolithic kernels, which have traditionally been used by Unix-like operating systems, contain all the operating system core functions and the device drivers (small programs that allow the operating system to interact with hardware devices, such as disk drives, video cards and printers). This is the traditional design of UNIX systems. A monolithic kernel is one single program that contains all of the code necessary to perform every kernel related task. Every part which is to be accessed by most programs which cannot be put in a library is in the kernel space: Device drivers, Scheduler, Memory handling, File systems, Network stacks. Many system calls are provided to applications, to allow them to access all those services.
A monolithic kernel, while initially loaded with subsystems that may not be needed can be tuned to a point where it is as fast as or faster than the one that was specifically designed for the hardware, although more in a general sense. Modern monolithic kernels, such as those of Linux and FreeBSD, both of which fall into the category of Unix-like operating systems, feature the ability to load modules at runtime, thereby allowing easy extension of the kernel's capabilities as required, while helping to minimize the amount of code running in kernel space. In the monolithic kernel, some advantages hinge on these points:
Most work in the monolithic kernel is done via system calls. These are interfaces, usually kept in a tabular structure, that access some subsystem within the kernel such as disk operations. Essentially calls are made within programs and a checked copy of the request is passed through the system call. Hence, not far to travel at all. The monolithic Linux kernel can be made extremely small not only because of its ability to dynamically load modules but also because of its ease of customization. In fact, there are some versions that are small enough to fit together with a large number of utilities and other programs on a
single floppy disk and still provide a fully functional operating system (one of the most popular of which is muLinux). This ability to miniaturize its kernel has also led to a rapid growth in the use of Linux in embedded systems.
These types of kernels consist of the core functions of the operating system and the device drivers with the ability to load modules at runtime. They provide rich and powerful abstractions of the underlying hardware. They provide a small set of simple hardware abstractions and use applications called servers to provide more functionality. This particular approach defines a high-level virtual interface over the hardware, with a set of system calls to implement operating system services such as process management, concurrency and memory management in several modules that run in supervisor mode.
This design has several flaws and limitations: 
Microkernels.
Microkernel (also abbreviated μK or uK) is the term describing an approach to Operating System design by which the functionality of the system is moved out of the traditional "kernel", into a set of "servers" that communicate through a "minimal" kernel, leaving as little as possible in "system space" and as much as possible in "user space". A microkernel that is designed for a specific platform or device is only ever going to have what it needs to operate. The microkernel approach consists of defining a simple abstraction over the hardware, with a set of primitives or system calls to implement minimal OS services such as memory management, multitasking, and inter-process communication. Other services, including those normally provided by the kernel, such as networking, are implemented in user-space programs, referred to as "servers". Microkernels are easier to maintain than monolithic kernels, but the large number of system calls and context switches might slow down the system because they typically generate more overhead than plain function calls.
Only parts which really require being in a privileged mode are in kernel space: IPC (Inter-Process Communication), Basic scheduler, or scheduling primitives, Basic memory handling, Basic I/O primitives. Many critical parts are now running in user space: The complete scheduler, Memory handling,
File systems, and Network stacks. Micro kernels were invented as a reaction to traditional "monolithic" kernel design, whereby all system functionality was put in a one static program running in a special "system" mode of the processor.
In the microkernel, only the most fundamental of tasks are performed such as being able to access some (not necessarily all) of the hardware, manage memory and coordinate message passing between the processes. Some systems that use micro kernels are QNX and the HURD. In the case of QNX and Hurd user sessions can be entire snapshots of the system itself or views as it is referred to. The very essence of the microkernel architecture illustrates some of its advantages:
Most micro kernels use a message passing system of some sort to handle requests from one server to another. The message passing system generally operates on a port basis with the microkernel. As an example, if a request for more memory is sent, a port is opened with the microkernel and the request sent through. Once within the microkernel, the steps are similar to system calls.
The rationale was that it would bring modularity in the system architecture, which would entail a cleaner system, easier to debug or dynamically modify, customizable to users' needs, and more performing. They are part of the operating systems like AIX, BeOS, Hurd, Mach, Mac OS X, MINIX, QNX. Etc. Although micro kernels are very small by themselves, in combination with all their required auxiliary code they are, in fact, often larger than monolithic kernels. Advocates of monolithic kernels also point out that the two-tiered structure of microkernel systems, in which most of the operating system does not interact directly with the hardware, creates a not-insignificant cost in terms of system efficiency.
These types of kernels normally provide only the minimal services such as defining memory address spaces, Inter-process communication (IPC) and the process management. The other functions such as running the hardware processes are not handled directly by micro kernels. Proponents of micro kernels point out those monolithic kernels have the disadvantage that an error in the kernel can cause the entire system to crash. However, with a microkernel, if a kernel process crashes, it is still possible to prevent a crash of the system as a whole by merely restarting the service that caused the error.
Other services provided by the kernel such as networking are implemented in user-space programs referred to as "servers". Servers allow the operating system to be modified by simply starting and stopping programs. For a machine without networking support, for instance, the networking server is not started. The task of moving in and out of the kernel to move data between the various applications and servers creates overhead which is detrimental to the efficiency of micro kernels in comparison with monolithic kernels.
Disadvantages in the microkernel exist however. Some are:
A microkernel allows the implementation of the remaining part of the operating system as a normal application program written in a high-level language, and the use of different operating systems on top of the same unchanged kernel. It is also possible to dynamically switch among operating systems and to have more than one active simultaneously.
Monolithic kernels vs. microkernels.
As the computer kernel grows, a number of problems become evident. One of the most obvious is that the memory footprint increases. This is mitigated to some degree by perfecting the virtual memory system, but not all computer architectures have virtual memory support. To reduce the kernel's footprint, extensive editing has to be performed to carefully remove unneeded code, which can be very difficult with non-obvious interdependencies between parts of a kernel with millions of lines of code.
By the early 1990s, due to the various shortcomings of monolithic kernels versus microkernels, monolithic kernels were considered obsolete by virtually all operating system researchers. As a result, the design of Linux as a monolithic kernel rather than a microkernel was the topic of a famous debate between Linus Torvalds and Andrew Tanenbaum. There is merit on both sides of the argument presented in the Tanenbaum–Torvalds debate.
Performance.
Monolithic kernels are designed to have all of their code in the same address space (kernel space), which some developers argue is necessary to increase the performance of the system. Some developers also maintain that monolithic systems are extremely efficient if well-written. The monolithic model tends to be more efficient through the use of shared kernel memory, rather than the slower IPC system of microkernel designs, which is typically based on message passing.
The performance of microkernels constructed in the 1980s the year in which it started and early 1990s was poor. Studies that empirically measured the performance of these microkernels did not analyze the reasons of such inefficiency. The explanations of this data were left to "folklore", with the assumption that they were due to the increased frequency of switches from "kernel-mode" to "user-mode", to the increased frequency of inter-process communication and to the increased frequency of context switches. 
In fact, as guessed in 1995, the reasons for the poor performance of microkernels might as well have been: (1) an actual inefficiency of the whole microkernel "approach", (2) the particular "concepts" implemented in those microkernels, and (3) the particular "implementation" of those concepts. Therefore it remained to be studied if the solution to build an efficient microkernel was, unlike previous attempts, to apply the correct construction techniques.
On the other end, the hierarchical protection domains architecture that leads to the design of a monolithic kernel has a significant performance drawback each time there's an interaction between different levels of protection (i.e. when a process has to manipulate a data structure both in 'user mode' and 'supervisor mode'), since this requires message copying by value.
By the mid-1990s, most researchers had abandoned the belief that careful tuning could reduce this overhead dramatically, but recently, newer microkernels, optimized for performance, such as L4 and K42 have addressed these problems.
Hybrid (or Modular) kernels.
Hybrid kernels are used in most commercial operating systems such as Microsoft Windows NT 3.1, NT 3.5, NT 3.51, NT 4.0, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, and 8.1 . Apple Inc's own Mac OS X uses a hybrid kernel called XNU which is based upon code from Carnegie Mellon's Mach kernel and FreeBSD's monolithic kernel. They are similar to micro kernels, except they include some additional code in kernel-space to increase performance. These kernels represent a compromise that was implemented by some developers before it was demonstrated that pure micro kernels can provide high performance. These types of kernels are extensions of micro kernels with some properties of monolithic kernels. Unlike monolithic kernels, these types of kernels are unable to load modules at runtime on their own. Hybrid kernels are micro kernels that have some "non-essential" code in kernel-space in order for the code to run more quickly than it would were it to be in user-space. Hybrid kernels are a compromise between the monolithic and microkernel designs. This implies running some services (such as the network stack or the filesystem) in kernel space to reduce the performance overhead of a traditional microkernel, but still running kernel code (such as device drivers) as servers in user space.
Many traditionally monolithic kernels are now at least adding (if not actively exploiting) the module capability. The most well known of these kernels is the Linux kernel. The modular kernel essentially can have parts of it that are built into the core kernel binary or binaries that load into memory on demand. It is important to note that a code tainted module has the potential to destabilize a running kernel. Many people become confused on this point when discussing micro kernels. It is possible to write a driver for a microkernel in a completely separate memory space and test it before "going" live. When a kernel module is loaded, it accesses the monolithic portion's memory space by adding to it what it needs, therefore, opening the doorway to possible pollution. A few advantages to the modular (or) Hybrid kernel are:
Modules, generally, communicate with the kernel using a module interface of some sort. The interface is generalized (although particular to a given operating system) so it is not always possible to use modules. Often the device drivers may need more flexibility than the module interface affords. Essentially, it is two system calls and often the safety checks that only have to be done once in the monolithic kernel now may be done twice. Some of the disadvantages of the modular approach are:
Nanokernels.
A nanokernel delegates virtually all services — including even the most basic ones like interrupt controllers or the timer — to device drivers to make the kernel memory requirement even smaller than a traditional microkernel.
Exokernels.
Exokernels are a still experimental approach to operating system design. They differ from the other types of kernels in that their functionality is limited to the protection and multiplexing of the raw hardware, providing no hardware abstractions on top of which to develop applications. This separation of hardware protection from hardware management enables application developers to determine how to make the most efficient use of the available hardware for each specific program.
Exokernels in themselves are extremely small. However, they are accompanied by library operating systems, providing application developers with the functionalities of a conventional operating system. A major advantage of exokernel-based systems is that they can incorporate multiple library operating systems, each exporting a different API, for example one for high level UI development and one for real-time control.
History of kernel development.
Early operating system kernels.
Strictly speaking, an operating system (and thus, a kernel) is not "required" to run a computer. Programs can be directly loaded and executed on the "bare metal" machine, provided that the authors of those programs are willing to work without any hardware abstraction or operating system support. Most early computers operated this way during the 1950s and early 1960s, which were reset and reloaded between the execution of different programs. Eventually, small ancillary programs such as program loaders and debuggers were left in memory between runs, or loaded from ROM. As these were developed, they formed the basis of what became early operating system kernels. The "bare metal" approach is still used today on some video game consoles and embedded systems, but in general, newer computers use modern operating systems and kernels.
In 1969 the RC 4000 Multiprogramming System introduced the system design philosophy of a small nucleus "upon which operating systems for different purposes could be built in an orderly manner", what would be called the microkernel approach.
Time-sharing operating systems.
In the decade preceding Unix, computers had grown enormously in power — to the point where computer operators were looking for new ways to get people to use the spare time on their machines. One of the major developments during this era was time-sharing, whereby a number of users would get small slices of computer time, at a rate at which it appeared they were each connected to their own, slower, machine.
The development of time-sharing systems led to a number of problems. One was that users, particularly at universities where the systems were being developed, seemed to want to hack the system to get more CPU time. For this reason, security and access control became a major focus of the Multics project in 1965. Another ongoing issue was properly handling computing resources: users spent most of their time staring at the screen and thinking instead of actually using the resources of the computer, and a time-sharing system should give the CPU time to an active user during these periods. Finally, the systems typically offered a memory hierarchy several layers deep, and partitioning this expensive resource led to major developments in virtual memory systems.
Amiga.
The Commodore Amiga was released in 1985, and was among the first (and certainly most successful) home computers to feature a hybrid architecture. The Amiga's kernel executive component, "exec.library", uses microkernel message passing design but there are other kernel components, like "graphics.library", that had a direct access to the hardware. There is no memory protection and the kernel is almost always running in a user mode. Only special actions are executed in kernel mode and user mode applications can ask operating system to execute their code in kernel mode.
Unix.
During the design phase of Unix, programmers decided to model every high-level device as a file, because they believed the purpose of computation was data transformation.
For instance, printers were represented as a "file" at a known location — when data was copied to the file, it printed out. Other systems, to provide a similar functionality, tended to virtualize devices at a lower level — that is, both devices "and" files would be instances of some lower level concept. Virtualizing the system at the file level allowed users to manipulate the entire system using their existing file management utilities and concepts, dramatically simplifying operation. As an extension of the same paradigm, Unix allows programmers to manipulate files using a series of small programs, using the concept of pipes, which allowed users to complete operations in stages, feeding a file through a chain of single-purpose tools. Although the end result was the same, using smaller programs in this way dramatically increased flexibility as well as ease of development and use, allowing the user to modify their workflow by adding or removing a program from the chain.
In the Unix model, the "Operating System" consists of two parts; first, the huge collection of utility programs that drive most operations, the other the kernel that runs the programs. Under Unix, from a programming standpoint, the distinction between the two is fairly thin; the kernel is a program, running in supervisor mode, that acts as a program loader and supervisor for the small utility programs making up the rest of the system, and to provide locking and I/O services for these programs; beyond that, the kernel didn't intervene at all in user space.
Over the years the computing model changed, and Unix's treatment of everything as a file or byte stream no longer was as universally applicable as it was before. Although a terminal could be treated as a file or a byte stream, which is printed to or read from, the same did not seem to be true for a graphical user interface. Networking posed another problem. Even if network communication can be compared to file access, the low-level packet-oriented architecture dealt with discrete chunks of data and not with whole files. As the capability of computers grew, Unix became increasingly cluttered with code. It is also because the modularity of the Unix kernel is extensively scalable. While kernels might have had 100,000 lines of code in the seventies and eighties, kernels of modern Unix successors like Linux have more than 13 million lines.
Modern Unix-derivatives are generally based on module-loading monolithic kernels. Examples of this are the Linux kernel in its many distributions as well as the Berkeley software distribution variant kernels such as FreeBSD, DragonflyBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, and Mac OS X. Apart from these alternatives, amateur developers maintain an active operating system development community, populated by self-written hobby kernels which mostly end up sharing many features with Linux, FreeBSD, DragonflyBSD, OpenBSD or NetBSD kernels and/or being compatible with them.
Mac OS.
Apple Computer first launched Mac OS in 1984, bundled with its Apple Macintosh personal computer. Apple moved to a nanokernel design in Mac OS 8.6. Against this, Mac OS X is based on Darwin, which uses a hybrid kernel called XNU, which was created combining the 4.3BSD kernel and the Mach kernel.
Microsoft Windows.
Microsoft Windows was first released in 1985 as an add-on to MS-DOS. Because of its dependence on another operating system, initial releases of Windows, prior to Windows 95, were considered an operating environment (not to be confused with an operating system). This product line continued to evolve through the 1980s and 1990s, culminating with release of the Windows 9x series (upgrading the system's capabilities to 32-bit addressing and pre-emptive multitasking) through the mid-1990s and ending with the release of Windows Me in 2000. Microsoft also developed Windows NT, an operating system intended for high-end and business users. This line started with the release of Windows NT 3.1 in 1993, and has continued through the years of 2010 with Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.
The release of Windows XP in October 2001 brought the NT kernel version of Windows to general users, replacing Windows 9x with a completely different operating system. The architecture of Windows NT's kernel is considered a hybrid kernel because the kernel itself contains tasks such as the Window Manager and the IPC Managers, with a client/server layered subsystem model.
Development of microkernels.
Although Mach, developed at Carnegie Mellon University from 1985 to 1994, is the best-known general-purpose microkernel, other microkernels have been developed with more specific aims. The L4 microkernel family (mainly the L3 and the L4 kernel) was created to demonstrate that microkernels are not necessarily slow. Newer implementations such as Fiasco and Pistachio are able to run Linux next to other L4 processes in separate address spaces.
Additionally, QNX is a microkernel which is principally used in embedded systems.

</doc>
<doc id="21346999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21346999" title="Nikos Rizos">
Nikos Rizos

Nikos Rizos (; September 30, 1924 in Peta – April 20, 1999 in Athens) was a Greek actor. He took part in many Greek comedies in cinema. He married Elsa Rizou and raised a son.
Career.
He began his career with the classic film "Anthropoi, anthropoiPeople, People" in 1948 at the Metropolitan Theatre, made his own company in 1959 which he co-ran from 1961 as "Vasilis Avlonitis - Georgia Vasileiadou - Nikos Rizos" to great success in 1965. Nikos Rizos appeared in various comedies in Greece and Germany, performing for the immigrant Greeks abroad.
In 1986, he appeared at the "Astor" Theatre on Stadiou Street which he ran from the artistic performance until 1990. Nikos Rizos changed and he was a much lucky theatrical entrepreneur for 27 years.
He starred in around 300 comedy films including "To soferaki" with Giorgos Tzavellas, "O thisavros tou makariti" with Nikos Tsiforos, "O Klearchos, i Marina kai o kontos", "Simoria eraston" and more.
On television, he starred alongside Martha Karagianni in the show "O dromos" ("The Road") with Kostas Lychnaras and writer Kostas Pretenteris and in 1999 in the TV presentation of the novel by academic Tassos Athanassiadis "I aithousa tou thronou" on Mega. It was his last appearance on television.
Death.
The final years of his life were spent in Gkyzi. Nikos Rizos suffered a heart attack on April 20, 1999 and rushed himself to the hospital where he died from edema He is buried at Athens First Cemetery.
Filmography.
In his own roles

</doc>
<doc id="21347003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347003" title="Toxicity category rating">
Toxicity category rating

In , the EPA established four Toxicity Categories for acute hazards of pesticide products, with "Category I" being the highest toxicity category. Most human hazard, precautionary statements, and human personal protective equipment statements are based upon the Toxicity Category of the pesticide product as sold or distributed. In addition, toxicity categories may be used for regulatory purposes other than labeling, such as classification for restricted use and requirements for child-resistant packaging. 
In certain cases, statements based upon the Toxicity Category of the product as diluted for use are also permitted. A Toxicity Category is assigned for each of five types of acute exposure, as specified in the table below.
Overview.
The four toxicity categories, from one to four are:
Acute toxicity categories for pesticide products.
In the following table, the leftmost column lists the route of administration.

</doc>
<doc id="21347005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347005" title="Alt Danzig">
Alt Danzig

Alt Danzig was a German settlement in the southern Russian Empire, present day Ukraine. Its name comes from Gdańsk in present-day Poland. "Alt", meaning "old", distinguishes this community from Neu Danzig, another German settlement in this area of the Russian Empire. Alt Danzig is also known as Old Danzig and was renamed Karlovka (Russian: Карловка) and later Krupskoe (Russian: Крупское).
History.
Catherine II of Russia wanted to stabilize the border lands of the Russian Empire with an agricultural population.
Originally Alt Danzig was called "Danzig" but when a daughter colony was established by several Danzig villagers near Nikolajew, the older village was renamed Alt Danzig and the newer village, Neu Danzig.
Geography.
The land around Alt Danzig was high and rocky, making it subject to drought. The community planted a small forest on the side of the river that they owned. The land was suitable for growing grains and potatoes. A profitable water mill was in place by 1848. Cattle and sheep were also raised.
The average annual rainfall in the present-day region is about 475 mm (18.7 in). The 24-hour average temperature in July is 20.6 °C (69.1 °F) and in January it is -5 °C (23 °F).

</doc>
<doc id="21347018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347018" title="Ray Boyanich">
Ray Boyanich

Ray Boyanich (born 4 February 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.
Boyanich started out at Hawthorn, after being recruited from Western Australia, but when he couldn't break into the seniors he was picked up by Richmond. Although primarily a ruckman, he played out of the back pocket in their losing 1972 VFL Grand Final team. He played at SANFL club Woodville from 1973 to 1975 without success before returning for one final season with Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="21347024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347024" title="Hewlett-Packard">
Hewlett-Packard

Hewlett-Packard Company or HP (styled as lower case on its official logo) is an American multinational information technology corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California, United States. It provides hardware, software and services to consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors.
The company was founded in a one-car garage in Palo Alto by William "Bill" Redington Hewlett and Dave Packard. HP is the world's leading PC manufacturer and has been since 2007, fending off a challenge by Chinese manufacturer Lenovo, according to Gartner. It specializes in developing and manufacturing computing, data storage, and networking hardware, designing software and delivering services. Major product lines include personal computing devices, enterprise and industry standard servers, related storage devices, networking products, software and a diverse range of printers and other imaging products. HP markets its products to households, small- to medium-sized businesses and enterprises directly as well as via online distribution, consumer-electronics and office-supply retailers, software partners and major technology vendors. HP also has services and consulting business around its products and partner products. In 2013 it was the world's second-largest PC vendor by unit sales.
Hewlett-Packard company events have included the spin-off of part of its business as Agilent Technologies in 1999, its merger with Compaq in 2002, the sponsor of in 2003, and the acquisition of EDS in 2008, which led to combined revenues of $118.4 billion in 2008 and a Fortune 500 ranking of 9 in 2009. In November 2009, HP announced the acquisition of 3Com, with the deal closing on April 12, 2010. On April 28, 2010, HP announced the buyout of Palm, Inc. for $1.2 billion. On September 2, 2010, HP won its bidding war for 3PAR with a $33 a share offer ($2.07 billion), which Dell declined to match.
History.
Founding.
Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard graduated with degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University in 1935. The company originated in a garage in nearby Palo Alto during a fellowship they had with a past professor, Frederick Terman at Stanford during the Great Depression. Terman was considered a mentor to them in forming Hewlett-Packard.
In 1939, Packard and Hewlett established Hewlett-Packard (HP) in Packard's garage with an initial capital investment of US$538. Hewlett and Packard tossed a coin to decide whether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett. HP incorporated on August 18, 1947, and went public on November 6, 1957.
Of the many projects they worked on, their very first financially successful product was a precision audio oscillator, the Model HP200A. Their innovation was the use of a small incandescent light bulb (known as a "pilot light") as a temperature dependent resistor in a critical portion of the circuit, the negative feedback loop which stabilized the amplitude of the output sinusoidal waveform. This allowed them to sell the Model 200A for $54.40 when competitors were selling less stable oscillators for over $200. The Model 200 series of generators continued until at least 1972 as the 200AB, still tube-based but improved in design through the years.
One of the company's earliest customers was Walt Disney Productions which bought eight Model 200B oscillators (at $71.50 each) for use in certifying the Fantasound surround sound systems installed in theaters for the movie "Fantasia".
Early years.
The company was originally rather unfocused, working on a wide range of electronic products for industry and even agriculture.
From the 1940s until well into the 1990s the company concentrated on making electronic test equipment: signal generators, voltmeters, oscilloscopes, frequency counters, thermometers, time standards, wave analyzers, and many other instruments. A distinguishing feature was pushing the limits of measurement range and accuracy; many HP instruments were more sensitive, accurate, and precise than other comparable equipment.
Following the pattern set by the company's first product, the 200A, test instruments were labelled with three to five digits followed by the letter "A". Improved versions went to suffixes "B" through "E". As the product range grew wider HP started using product designators starting with a letter for accessories, supplies, software, and components.
The 1960s.
HP is recognized as the symbolic founder of Silicon Valley, although it did not actively investigate semiconductor devices until a few years after the "traitorous eight" had abandoned William Shockley to create Fairchild Semiconductor in 1957. Hewlett-Packard's HP Associates division, established around 1960, developed semiconductor devices primarily for internal use. Instruments and calculators were some of the products using these devices.
HP partnered in the 1960s with Sony and the Yokogawa Electric companies in Japan to develop several high-quality products. The products were not a huge success, as there were high costs in building HP-looking products in Japan. HP and Yokogawa formed a joint venture (Yokogawa-Hewlett-Packard) in 1963 to market HP products in Japan. HP bought Yokogawa Electric's share of Hewlett-Packard Japan in 1999.
HP spun off a small company, Dynac, to specialize in digital equipment. The name was picked so that the HP logo "hp" could be turned upside down to be a reverse reflect image of the logo "dy" of the new company. Eventually Dynac changed to Dymec, then was folded back into HP in 1959. HP experimented with using Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) minicomputers with its instruments, but after deciding that it would be easier to build another small design team than deal with DEC, HP entered the computer market in 1966 with the HP 2100 / HP 1000 series of minicomputers. These had a simple accumulator-based design, with registers arranged somewhat similarly to the Intel x86 architecture still used today. The series was produced for 20 years, in spite of several attempts to replace it, and was a forerunner of the HP 9800 and HP 250 series of desktop and business computers.
The 1970s.
The HP 3000 was an advanced stack-based design for a business computing server, later redesigned with RISC technology. The HP 2640 series of smart and intelligent terminals introduced forms-based interfaces to ASCII terminals, and also introduced screen labeled function keys, now commonly used on gas pumps and bank ATMs. The HP 2640 series included one of the first bit mapped graphics displays that when combined with the HP 2100 21MX F-Series microcoded Scientific Instruction Set enabled the first commercial WYSIWYG Presentation Program, BRUNO that later became the program HP-Draw on the HP 3000. Although scoffed at in the formative days of computing, HP would eventually surpass even IBM as the world's largest technology vendor, in terms of sales.
Although Programma 101 was the first commercial "desktop computer", HP is identified by "Wired" magazine as the producer of the world's first device to be called a personal computer, the Hewlett-Packard 9100A, introduced in 1968. HP called it a desktop calculator, because, as Bill Hewlett said, "If we had called it a computer, it would have been rejected by our customers' computer gurus because it didn't look like an IBM. We therefore decided to call it a calculator, and all such nonsense disappeared." An engineering triumph at the time, the logic circuit was produced without any integrated circuits; the assembly of the CPU having been entirely executed in discrete components. With CRT display, magnetic-card storage, and printer, the price was around $5,000. The machine's keyboard was a cross between that of a scientific calculator and an adding machine. There was no alphabetic keyboard.
Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple, originally designed the Apple I computer while working at HP and offered it to them under their right of first refusal to his work, but they did not take it up as the company wanted to stay in scientific, business, and industrial markets.
The company earned global respect for a variety of products. They introduced the world's first "handheld scientific electronic calculator" in 1972 (the HP-35), the first "handheld programmable" in 1974 (the HP-65), the first "alphanumeric, programmable, expandable" in 1979 (the HP-41C), and the first symbolic and graphing calculator, the HP-28C. Like their scientific and business calculators, their oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, and other measurement instruments have a reputation for sturdiness and usability (the latter products are now part of spin-off Agilent's product line). The company's design philosophy in this period was summarized as "design for the guy at the next bench".
The 98x5 series of technical desktop computers started in 1975 with the 9815, and the cheaper 80 series, again of technical computers, started in 1979 with the 85. These machines used a version of the BASIC programming language which was available immediately after they were switched on, and used a proprietary magnetic tape for storage. HP computers were similar in capabilities to the much later IBM Personal Computer, although the limitations of available technology forced prices to be high.
The 1980s.
In 1984, HP introduced both inkjet and laser printers for the desktop. Along with its scanner product line, these have later been developed into successful multifunction products, the most significant being single-unit printer/scanner/copier/fax machines. The print mechanisms in HP's tremendously popular LaserJet line of laser printers depend almost entirely on Canon's components (print engines), which in turn use technology developed by Xerox. HP develops the hardware, firmware, and software that convert data into dots for the mechanism to print. HP transitioned from the HP3000 to the HP9000 series minicomputers with attached storage such as the HP 7935 hard drive holding 404 MiB.
On March 3, 1986, HP registered the HP.com domain name, making it the ninth Internet .com domain ever to be registered.
In 1987, the Palo Alto garage where Hewlett and Packard started their business was designated as a California State historical landmark.
The 1990s.
In the 1990s, HP expanded their computer product line, which initially had been targeted at university, research, and business users, to reach consumers.
HP also grew through acquisitions, buying Apollo Computer in 1989 and Convex Computer in 1995.
Later in the decade, HP opened hpshopping.com as an independent subsidiary to sell online, direct to consumers; in 2005, the store was renamed "HP Home & Home Office Store."
From 1995 to 1998, Hewlett-Packard were sponsors of the English football team Tottenham Hotspur.
In 1999, all of the businesses not related to computers, storage, and imaging were spun off from HP to form Agilent. Agilent's spin-off was the largest initial public offering in the history of Silicon Valley. The spin-off created an $8 billion company with about 30,000 employees, manufacturing scientific instruments, semiconductors, optical networking devices, and electronic test equipment for telecom and wireless R&D and production.
In July 1999, HP appointed Carly Fiorina as CEO, the first female CEO of a company in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Fiorina served as CEO during the technology industry downturn of the early 2000s. During her tenure, the market value of HP halved and the company incurred heavy job losses. The HP Board of Directors asked Fiorina to step down in 2005, and she resigned on February 9, 2005.
The 2000s.
On September 3, 2001, HP announced that an agreement had been reached with Compaq to merge the two companies.
In May, 2002, after passing a shareholder vote, HP officially merged with Compaq. Prior to this, plans had been in place to consolidate the companies' product teams and product lines.
In 1998, Compaq had already taken over Digital Equipment Corporation. HP therefore still offers support for the former Digital Equipment products PDP-11, VAX and AlphaServer.
The merger occurred after a proxy fight with Bill Hewlett's son Walter, who objected to the merger. Compaq itself had bought Tandem Computers in 1997 (which had been started by ex-HP employees), and Digital Equipment Corporation in 1998. Following this strategy, HP became a major player in desktops, laptops, and servers for many different markets. After the merger with Compaq, the new ticker symbol became "HPQ", a combination of the two previous symbols, "HWP" and "CPQ", to show the significance of the alliance and also key letters from the two companies Hewlett-Packard and Compaq (the latter company being famous for its "Q" logo on all of its products.)
In 2004, HP released the DV 1000 Series, including the HP Pavilion dv 1658 and 1040 two years later in May 2006, HP began its campaign, "The Computer is Personal Again". The campaign was designed to bring back the fact that the PC is a personal product. The campaign utilized viral marketing, sophisticated visuals, and its own website (www.hp.com/personal). Some of the ads featured well-known personalities, including Pharrell, Petra Nemcova, Mark Burnett, Mark Cuban, Alicia Keys, Jay-Z, Gwen Stefani, and Shaun White.
On May 13, 2008, HP and Electronic Data Systems (EDS) announced that they had signed a definitive agreement under which HP would purchase EDS. On June 30, HP announced that the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 had expired. "The transaction still requires EDS stockholder approval and regulatory clearance from the European Commission and other non-U.S. jurisdictions and is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the other closing conditions specified in the merger agreement." The agreement was finalized on August 26, 2008, and it was publicly announced that EDS would be re-branded "EDS an HP company." As of September 23, 2009, EDS is known as HP Enterprise Services.
On November 11, 2009, 3Com and Hewlett-Packard announced that Hewlett-Packard would be acquiring 3Com for $2.7 billion in cash.
The acquisition is one of the biggest in size among a series of takeovers and acquisitions by technology giants to push their way to become one-stop shops. Since the beginning of the financial crisis in 2007, tech giants have constantly felt the pressure to expand beyond their current market niches. Dell purchased Perot Systems recently to invade into the technology consulting business area previously dominated by IBM. Hewlett-Packard's latest move marked its incursion into enterprise networking gear market dominated by Cisco.
The 2010s.
On April 28, 2010, Palm, Inc. and Hewlett-Packard announced that HP would be acquiring Palm for $1.2 billion in cash and debt, In the months leading up to the buyout, it was rumored that Palm was going to be purchased by either HTC, Dell, RIM or HP. The addition of Palm handsets to the HP product line provided some overlap with the then current iPAQ mobile products but was thought to significantly increase HP's mobile presence as those devices had not been selling well. The addition of Palm brought to HP a library of valuable patents as well as the mobile operating platform known as webOS. On July 1, 2010, the acquisition of Palm was final. The purchase of Palm, Inc.'s webOS began a big gamble – to build HP's own ecosystem. On July 1, 2011, HP launched its first tablet named HP TouchPad, bringing webOS to tablet devices. On September 2, 2010, HP won its bidding war for 3PAR with a $33 a share offer ($2.07 billion) which Dell declined to match. Following HP's acquisition of Palm, it would phase out the Compaq brand.
On August 6, 2010, CEO Mark Hurd resigned amid controversy and CFO Cathie Lesjak assumed the role of interim CEO. On September 30, 2010, Léo Apotheker was named as HP's new CEO and President. In the HP resignation press release Mark Hurd made a comment which stated, "After a number of discussions with members of the board, I will move aside and the board will search for new leadership. This is a painful decision for me to make after five years at HP, but I believe it would be difficult for me to continue as an effective leader at HP and I believe this is the only decision the board and I could make at this time. I want to stress that this in no way reflects on the operating performance or financial integrity of HP.” Mark Hurd continued. “HP has an extremely talented executive team supported by a dedicated and customer focused work force. I expect that the company will continue to be successful in the future.”
Apotheker’s appointment sparked a strong reaction from Oracle chief executive Larry Ellison, who complained that Apotheker had been in charge of SAP when one of its subsidiaries was systematically stealing software from Oracle. SAP accepted that its subsidiary, which has now closed, illegally accessed Oracle intellectual property.
On August 18, 2011, HP announced that it would strategically exit the smartphone and tablet computer business, focusing on higher-margin "strategic priorities of Cloud, solutions and software with an emphasis on enterprise, commercial and government markets" They also contemplated spinning off their personal computer division into a separate company.
HP's consideration of a fundamental restructuring to quit the 'PC' business, while continuing to sell servers and other equipment to business customers, would have been similar to what IBM did in 2005.
However, after a brief review, HP decided their PC division was too integrated and critical to business operations, and the company reaffirmed their commitment to the Personal Systems Group.
On September 22, 2011, Hewlett-Packard Co. named former eBay Inc. Chief Executive Meg Whitman its president and CEO, replacing Léo Apotheker, while Raymond J. Lane became executive chairman of the company.
On March 21, 2012, HP said its printing and PC divisions would become one unit headed by Todd Bradley from the PC division. Printing chief Vyomesh Joshi is leaving the company.
On May 23, 2012, HP announced plans to lay off approximately 27,000 employees, after posting a profit decline of 31% in the second quarter of 2012.
The profit decline is on account of the growing popularity of smart phones, tablets, and other mobile devices, that has slowed the sale of personal computers.
On 30 May 2012, HP unveiled its first net zero energy data center. HP data center plans to use solar energy and other renewable sources instead of traditional power grids.
On July 10, 2012, HP's Server Monitoring Software was affected with a Zero day vulnerability. A security warning has been given to the customers about the two vulnerabilities that has caused these catastrophe and administrators are asked to install the appropriate patches to resolve the vulnerabilities. One month later HP's official site of training center was hacked and defaced by Pakistani hacker known to as 'Hitcher' to demonstrate a vulnerability.
On September 10, 2012, HP revised their restructuring figures; they are now cutting 29,000 jobs. HP had already cut 3,800 jobs – around 7 percent of the revised 29,000 figure – as of July 2012.
On November 20, 2012, HP took a $8.8 billion writedown on the value of Autonomy Corporation, acquired in 2011, and further claimed that Autonomy had misrepresented its finances prior to the HP buy out. HP has asked the authorities in the US and UK to investigate these matters, after an intense internal investigation, including a forensic review by Pricewaterhouse Cooper of Autonomy’s historical financial results, under the oversight of John Schultz, executive vice president and general counsel who led HP to believe that Autonomy was substantially overvalued at the time of its acquisition. This overvaluation was believed to be due to the misstatement of Autonomy’s financial performance, including its revenue, core growth rate, gross margins, and the misrepresentation of its business mix. Numerous examples of the accounting improprieties and misrepresentations were allegedly identified.
On December 31, 2013, HP revised 29,000 cutting jobs to 34,000 cutting jobs up to October 2014. The current cutting jobs until the end of 2013 was 24,600. At the end of 2013 the company had 317,500 employees. On May 22, 2014 HP announced it would cut a further 11,000 to 16,000 jobs, in addition to the 34,000 announced in 2013. "We are gradually shaping HP into a more nimble, lower-cost, more customer and partner-centric company that can successfully compete across a rapidly changing IT landscape," CEO Meg Whitman said at the time.
In June 2014, during the HP Discover customer event in Las Vegas, Meg Whitman and Martin Fink announced a project for a radically new computer architecture called The Machine. Based on memristors and silicon photonics, The Machine is supposed to come in commercialization before the end of the decade, meanwhile representing 75% of the research activity in HP Labs.
Facilities.
HP's global operations are directed from its headquarters in Palo Alto, California, USA. Its U.S. operations are directed from its facility in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, near Houston. Its Latin America offices in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S., near Miami and in Medellín Colombia. Its Europe offices are in Meyrin, Switzerland, near Geneva. Its Asia-Pacific offices are in Singapore. It also has large operations in Austin, Texas, Boise, Idaho; Roseville, California; Fort Collins, Colorado; Vancouver, Washington; San Diego; and Plano, Texas (the former headquarters of EDS, which HP acquired). In the UK, HP is based at a large site in Bracknell, Berkshire with offices in various UK locations, including a landmark office tower in London, 88 Wood Street. Its recent acquisition of 3Com will expand its employee base to Marlborough, Massachusetts. The company also has a large workforce and numerous offices at Bangalore, India, to address their back end and IT operations. MphasiS, which is headquartered at Bangalore, also enabled HP to increase their footprint in the city as it was a subsidiary of EDS which the company acquired.
Products and organizational structure.
HP produces lines of printers, scanners, digital cameras, calculators, PDAs, servers, workstation computers, and computers for home and small-business use; many of the computers came from the 2002 merger with Compaq. HP promotes itself as supplying not just hardware and software, but also a full range of services to design, implement, and support IT infrastructure.
HP's Imaging and Printing Group (IPG) is "the leading imaging and printing systems provider in the world for printer hardware, printing supplies and scanning devices, providing solutions across customer segments from individual consumers to small and medium businesses to large enterprises". Products and technology associated with IPG include:
On December 23, 2008, HP released iPrint Photo for iPhone a free downloadable software application that allows the printing of 4" x 6" photos.
HP's Personal Systems Group (PSG) claims to be "one of the leading vendors of personal computers ("PCs") in the world based on unit volume shipped and annual revenue." PSG deals with:
HP resold the Apple iPod until November 2005.
HP Enterprise Business (EB) incorporates HP Technology Services, Enterprise Services (an amalgamation of the former EDS, and what was known as HP Services), HP Enterprise Security Services oversees professional services such as network security, information security and information assurance/ compliancy, HP Software Division, and Enterprise Servers, Storage and Networking Group (ESSN). The Enterprise Servers, Storage and Networking Group (ESSN) oversees "back end" products like storage and servers. HP Networking (former ProCurve) is responsible for the NW family of products. They are a business unit of ESSN.
HP Software Division is the company's enterprise software unit. For years, HP has produced and marketed its brand of enterprise-management software, HP OpenView. From September 2005 HP purchased several software companies as part of a publicized, deliberate strategy to augment its software offerings for large business customers. HP Software sells several categories of software, including:
HP Software also provides software as a service (SaaS), cloud computing solutions, and software services, including consulting, education, professional services, and support.
HP's Office of Strategy and Technology has four main functions:
Under the Office of Strategy and Technology comes HP Labs, the research arm of HP. Founded in 1966, HP Labs aims to deliver new technologies and to create business opportunities that go beyond HP's current strategies. Examples of recent HP Labs technology includes the Memory spot chip of 2006. HP IdeaLab further provides a web forum on early-state innovations to encourage open feedback from consumers and the development community.
HP also offers managed services by which they provide complete IT-support solutions for other companies and organizations. Some examples of these include: 
Culture.
The founders, known to friends and employees alike as Bill and Dave, developed a unique management style that came to be known as "The HP Way". In Bill's words, the HP Way is "a core ideology ... which includes a deep respect for the individual, a dedication to affordable quality and reliability, a commitment to community responsibility, and a view that the company exists to make technical contributions for the advancement and welfare of humanity." The following are the tenets of The HP Way:
Corporate social responsibility.
In July 2007, the company announced that it had met its target, set in 2004, to recycle one billion pounds of electronics, toner and ink cartridges. It has set a new goal of recycling a further two billion pounds of hardware by the end of 2010. In 2006, the company recovered 187 million pounds of electronics, 73 percent more than its closest competitor.
In 2008, HP released its supply chain emissions data — an industry first.
In September 2009, "Newsweek" ranked HP No. 1 on its 2009 Green Rankings of America's 500 largest corporations. According to environmentalleader.com, "Hewlett-Packard earned its number one position due to its greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction programs, and was the first major IT company to report GHG emissions associated with its supply chain, according to the ranking. In addition, HP has made an effort to remove toxic substances from its products, though Greenpeace has targeted the company for not doing better."
HP took the top spot on "Corporate Responsibility Magazine"s 100 Best Corporate Citizens List for 2010. The list is cited by "PR Week" as one of America's most important business rankings. HP beat out other Russell 1000 Index companies because of its leadership in seven categories including environment, climate changes and corporate philanthropy. In 2009, HP was ranked fifth.
"Fortune" magazine named HP one of the World's Most Admired Companies in 2010, placing it No. 2 in the computer industry and No. 32 overall in its list of the top 50. This year in the computer industry HP was ranked No. 1 in social responsibility, long-term investment, global competitiveness, and use of corporate assets.
In May 2011, HP released its latest Global Responsibility report covering accomplishments during 2010. The report, the company’s tenth, provides a comprehensive view of HP’s global citizenship programs, performance, and goals and describes how HP uses its technology, influence, and expertise to make a positive impact on the world. The company’s 2009 report won best corporate responsibility report of the year. The 2009 reports claims HP decreased its total energy use by 9 percent compared with 2008. HP recovered a total of 118,000 tonnes of electronic products and supplies for recycling in 2009, including 61 million print cartridges.
In an April 2010 "San Francisco Chronicle" article, HP was one of 12 companies commended for "designing products to be safe from the start, following the principles of green chemistry." The commendations came from Environment California, an environmental advocacy group, who praised select companies in the Golden State and the Bay Area for their efforts to keep our planet clean and green.
In May 2010, HP was named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute. This is the second year in a row HP has made the list. Ethisphere reviewed, researched and analyzed thousands of nominations in more than 100 countries and 35 industries to create the 2010 list. HP was one of only 100 companies to earn the distinction of top winner and was the only computer hardware vendor to be recognized. Ethisphere honors firms that promote ethical business standards and practices by going beyond legal minimums, introducing innovative ideas that benefit the public.
HP is listed in Greenpeace's Guide to Greener Electronics that ranks electronics manufacturers according to their policies on sustainability, energy and climate and green products. In November 2011, HP secured the 1st place (out of 15) in this ranking (climbing up 3 places) with an increased score of 5.9 (up from 5.5). It scored most points on the new Sustainable Operations criteria, having the best programme for measuring and reducing emissions of greenhouse gases from its suppliers and scoring maximum points for its thorough paper procurement policy.
Moreover, HP does especially well for its disclosure of externally verified greenhouse gas emissions and its setting of targets for reducing them. However, Greenpeace reports that HP risks a penalty point in future editions due to the fact that it is a member of trade associations that have commented against energy efficiency standards.
HP has earned recognition of its work in the area of data privacy and security. In 2010 the company ranked No. 4 in the Ponemon Institute's annual study of the most trusted companies for privacy. Since 2006, HP has worked directly with the U.S. Congress, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and the Department of Commerce to establish a new strategy for federal legislation. HP played a key role in work toward the December 2010 FTC report “Protecting Consumer Privacy in an Era of Rapid Change.”
After winning nine straight annual "Most Respected Company in China" awards from the Economic Observer and Peking University, HP China has added the "10 Year Contribution" award to its list of prestigious accolades. The award aims to identify companies doing business in China with outstanding and sustained performance in business operations, development and corporate social responsibility.
In its 2012 rankings of consumer electronics companies on progress relating to conflict minerals, the Enough Project rated HP second out of 24 companies, calling it a "Pioneer of progress".
Brand.
According to a BusinessWeek Study, HP was the world's 11th most valuable brand as of 2009.
HP has many sponsorships. One well known sponsorship is of Walt Disney World's Epcot Park's .
From 1995 to 1999, and again from 2013, HP has been the shirt sponsor of 
Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur F.C. From 1997 to 1999 they were sponsors of Australian Football League club North Melbourne Football Club. They also sponsored the BMW Williams Formula 1 team until 2006 (a sponsorship formerly held by Compaq), and as of 2010 sponsor Renault F1. Hewlett-Packard also had the naming rights arrangement for the HP Pavilion at San Jose, home of the San Jose Sharks NHL hockey team until 2013, in which the arena's naming rights were acquired by SAP AG, renaming the arena to the SAP Center at San Jose.
After the acquisition of Compaq in 2002, HP has maintained the "Compaq Presario" brand on low-end home desktops and laptops, the "HP Compaq" brand on business desktops and laptops, and the "HP ProLiant" brand on Intel-architecture servers. (The "HP Pavilion" brand is used on home entertainment laptops and all home desktops.)
Tandem's "NonStop" servers are now branded as "HP Integrity NonStop".
HP DISCOVER customer event.
In 2011, HP Enterprise Business, along with participating independent user groups, combined its annual HP Software Universe, HP Technology Forum and HP Technology@Work into a single event, HP DISCOVER. There are two HP Discover events annually, one for the Americas and one for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). HP DISCOVER 2011 Americas took place June 6–10, in Las Vegas at the Venetian/Palazzo. The company demonstrated the webOS TouchPad, introduced July 1, 2011.
The HP DISCOVER 2011 event in EMEA took place in Vienna, Austria, on November 29 through December 1, 2011.
Controversies.
Spying scandal.
On September 5, 2006,Shawn Cabalfin and David O'Neil "Newsweek" revealed that HP's general counsel, at the behest of chairwoman Patricia Dunn, contracted a team of independent security experts to investigate board members and several journalists in order to identify the source of an information leak. In turn, those security experts recruited private investigators who used a spying technique known as pretexting. The pretexting involved investigators impersonating HP board members and nine journalists (including reporters for CNET, the "New York Times" and the "Wall Street Journal") in order to obtain their phone records. The information leaked related to HP's long-term strategy and was published as part of a CNET article in January 2006. Most HP employees accused of criminal acts have since been acquitted.
Hardware.
In November 2007, Hewlett-Packard released a BIOS update covering a wide range of laptops with the intent to speed up the computer fan as well as have it run constantly, whether the computer was on or off. The reason was to prevent the overheating of defective NVIDIA graphics processing units (GPUs) that had been shipped to many of the original equipment manufacturers, including Hewlett-Packard, Dell, and Apple. The defect concerned the new packaging material used by NVIDIA from 2007 onwards in joining the graphics chip onto the motherboard, which did not perform well under thermal cycling and was prone to develop stress cracks – effectively severing the connection between the GPU and the motherboard, leading to a blank screen. In July 2008, HP issued an extension to the initial one-year warranty to replace the motherboards of selected models. However this option was not extended to all models with the defective NVIDIA chipsets despite research showing that these computers were also affected by the fault. Furthermore the replacement of the motherboard was a temporary fix, since the fault was inherent in all units of the affected models from the point of manufacture, including the replacement motherboards offered by HP as a free 'repair'. Since this point, several websites have been documenting the issue, most notably www.hplies.com, , a forum dedicated to what they refer to as Hewlett-Packard's "multi-million dollar cover up" of the issue, and www.nvidiadefect.com [http://www.nvidiadefect.com], which details the specifics of the fault and offers advice to the owners of affected computers. There have been several small-claims lawsuits filed in several states, as well as suits filed in other countries. Hewlett-Packard also faced a class-action lawsuit in 2009 over its i7 processor computers. The complainants stated that their systems locked up within 30 minutes of powering on, consistently. Even after being replaced with newer i7 systems, the lockups continued.
HP and Oracle lawsuit.
On June 15, 2011, HP filed a lawsuit in California Superior Court in Santa Clara, claiming that Oracle Corporation had breached an agreement to support the Itanium microprocessor used in HP's high-end enterprise servers. On June 15, 2011, HP sent a "formal legal demand" letter to Oracle in an attempt to force the world's No. 3 software maker to reverse its decision to discontinue software development on Intel Itanium microprocessor.
On August 1, 2012 HP released the following statement after winning the court ruling in Itanium Litigation:
The Court ordered and declared as follows:
HP and Autonomy takeover.
In November 2012, HP recorded a writedown of around $8.8 billion related to its $11.3 billion acquisition of the UK based software maker Autonomy Corporation. HP accused Autonomy of deliberately inflating the value of the company prior to its takeover. The former management team of Autonomy flatly rejected the charge. The FBI was called in to investigate. HP incurred much damage with its stock falling to decades' low. The Serious Fraud Office (United Kingdom), and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission joined the FBI in investigating potential anomalies. HP meantime moved to settle three lawsuits brought against the company by shareholders.
Restatement.
In March 2013, HP restated its first-quarter cash flow from operations, reducing it 18 percent because of an accounting error. Actual cash flow from operations was $647 million, not $791 million as reported earlier. HP shifted $144 million to net cash used in investing activities.
Bribery.
On April 9, 2014, an administrative proceeding before Securities and Exchange Commission was settled by HP consenting to an order acknowledging that HP had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) when HP subsidiaries in Russia, Poland, and Mexico made improper payments to government officials to obtain or retain lucrative public contracts.
The SEC's order finds that HP's subsidiary in Russia paid more than $2 million through agents and various shell companies to a Russian government official to retain a multi-million dollar contract with the federal prosecutor’s office. In Poland, HP's subsidiary provided gifts and cash bribes worth more than $600,000 to a Polish government official to obtain contracts with the national police agency. And as part of its bid to win a software sale to Mexico's state-owned petroleum company, HP's subsidiary in Mexico paid more than $1 million in inflated commissions to a consultant with close ties to company officials, and money was funneled to one of those officials. HP agreed to pay $108 million to settle the SEC charges and a parallel criminal case.
Notable people.
For "HP Chairmen and CEOs".

</doc>
<doc id="21347031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347031" title="Microcredit Regulatory Authority">
Microcredit Regulatory Authority

Microcredit Regulatory Authority (MRA) is the central body to monitor and supervise microfinance operations of non-governmental organizations of the Republic of Bangladesh. It was created by the Government of Peoples’ Republic of Bangladesh under the Microcredit Regulatory Authority Act (Act no. 32 of 2006). License from the Authority is mandatory to operate microfinance operation in Bangladesh as an NGO.
On September 28, 2012 at the Alliance for Financial Inclusion's Global Policy Forum 2012, the bank made a commitment under the Maya Declaration to promote agent and mobile banking, implement consumer protection initiatives, and establish a credit bureau for the MFI sector.
Microcredit in Bangladesh.
The microcredit program in Bangladesh is implemented by NGOs, Grameen Bank, different types of government-owned banks, private commercial banks, and specialized programs of some ministries of the Bangladesh Government, etc. Despite the fact that more than a thousand institutions are operating microcredit programs, only 10 large Microcredit Institutions (MFIs) and Grameen Bank represent 87% of total savings of the sector (around BD taka 93 billion) and 81% of total outstanding loans of the sector (around BD taka 157.82 billion). Nearly two hundred thousand people are employed in MFIs and Grameen Bank. Around 30 million poor people are directly benefiting from microcredit programs. Through the financial services of microcredit, these poor people are engaging themselves in various income generating activities. At present, financial service of BD taka 160 billion (approx.) is being rendered among 30 million poor people which help them to be self-employed which helps to accelerate the overall economic development process of the country.
Microcredit institutions have been providing various social and financial services to the poor to alleviate poverty within the society for the last three decades. However, they remained outside any central supervisory system. To bring the microcredit sector under a regulatory framework, the government of Bangladesh enacted the “Microcredit Regulatory Authority Act, 2006” on July 16, 2006 with effect from August 27, 2006. The Microcredit Regulatory Authority has been established under this Act and is empowered and responsible for monitoring and supervising the microcredit activities of the MFIs. According to the Act, no MFI can operate microcredit programs without obtaining a licence from MRA. Within the stipulated period, 4,236 microcredit institutions applied for a licence. Among them, 335 microcredit institutions have been licensed until September 2008. Applications by 438 institutions could not be considered. 2,599 small institutions are advised to fulfil minimum criteria of obtaining a licence (either minimum balance of outstanding loan at field level BD taka four million or minimum borrower 1,000) within June 2009.
Legal requirement to be an NGO-MFI.
The organization/person willing to operate microcredit activities in Bangladesh shall submit an application to the MRA in the prescribed form and manner after getting registration as an NGO under any of the following acts:
Financial inclusion.
The Authority is active in the realm of financial inclusion and is a member of the Alliance for Financial Inclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="21347056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347056" title="February 1909">
February 1909

The following events occurred in February 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="21347057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347057" title="Unix-like">
Unix-like

A Unix-like (sometimes referred to as UN*X or *nix) operating system is one that behaves in a manner similar to a Unix system, while not necessarily conforming to or being certified to any version of the Single UNIX Specification.
There is no standard for defining the term, and some difference of opinion is possible as to the degree to which a given operating system is "Unix-like".
The term can include free and open-source operating systems inspired by Bell Labs' Unix or designed to emulate its features, commercial and proprietary work-alikes, and even versions based on the licensed UNIX source code (which may be sufficiently "Unix-like" to pass certification and bear the "UNIX" trademark).
Definition.
The Open Group owns the UNIX trademark and administers the Single UNIX Specification, with the "UNIX" name being used as a certification mark. They do not approve of the construction "Unix-like", and consider it a misuse of their trademark. Their guidelines require "UNIX" to be presented in uppercase or otherwise distinguished from the surrounding text, strongly encourage using it as a branding adjective for a generic word such as "system", and discourage its use in hyphenated phrases.
Other parties frequently treat "Unix" as a genericized trademark. Some add a wildcard character to the name to make an abbreviation like "Un*x" or "*nix", since Unix-like systems often have Unix-like names such as AIX, A/UX, HP-UX, IRIX, Linux, Minix, Ultrix, and Xenix. These patterns do not literally match many system names, but are still generally recognized to refer to any UNIX descendant or work-alike system, even those with completely dissimilar names such as Solaris or FreeBSD.
In 2007, Wayne R. Gray sued to dispute the status of UNIX as a trademark, but lost his case, and lost again on appeal, with the court upholding the trademark and its ownership.
History.
"Unix-like" systems started to appear in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Many proprietary versions, such as Idris (1978), UNOS (1982), Coherent (1983), and UniFlex (1985), aimed to provide businesses with the functionality available to academic users of UNIX.
When AT&T allowed relatively inexpensive commercial binary sub-licensing of UNIX in 1979, a variety of proprietary systems were developed based on it, including AIX, HP-UX, IRIX, SunOS, Tru64, Ultrix, and Xenix. These largely displaced the proprietary clones. Growing incompatibility among these systems led to the creation of interoperability standards, including POSIX and the Single UNIX Specification.
Meanwhile, the GNU Project was launched in 1983 with the goal of making GNU, an operating system which all computer users could freely use, study, modify, and redistribute. Various "Unix-like" operating systems developed alongside GNU, frequently sharing substantial components with it (leading to some disagreement about whether they should be called "GNU" or not). These primarily served as low-cost and unrestricted substitutes for UNIX, and include 4.4BSD, Linux, and Minix. Some of these have in turn been the basis for commercial "Unix-like" systems, such as BSD/OS and . Notably, (10.5), (10.6), (10.8), and (10.9), running on Intel Macs are certified under the Single UNIX Specification.
The various BSD variants are notable in that they are in fact descendants of UNIX, developed by the University of California at Berkeley with UNIX source code from Bell Labs. However, the BSD code base has evolved since then, replacing all of the AT&T code. Since the BSD variants are not certified as compliant with the Single UNIX Specification (except for 10.5 Leopard and later), they are referred to as "UNIX-like".
Categories.
Dennis Ritchie, one of the original creators of Unix, expressed his opinion that Unix-like systems such as Linux are "de facto" Unix systems. Eric S. Raymond and Rob Landley have suggested that there are three kinds of Unix-like systems:
Compatibility layers.
Some non-Unix-like operating systems provide a Unix-like compatibility layer, with variable degrees of Unix-like functionality.

</doc>
<doc id="21347071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347071" title="List of fire departments in Orleans County, New York">
List of fire departments in Orleans County, New York


</doc>
<doc id="21347092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347092" title="Andrés Vallejo">
Andrés Vallejo

Andrés Vallejo Arcos is an Ecuadorian lawyer, journalist and politician who served as the Mayor of Quito. He assumed the role after the previous mayor, Paco Moncayo, resigned to run for congress. Vallejo previously served as a city councilman. Vallejo has also served in high profile roles such as the president of the Ecuadorian congress from 1986 to 1987, and the minister of the "Ministerio de Gobierno" from 1988 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21347105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347105" title="Insanity Streak">
Insanity Streak

Insanity Streak is a comic strip written by Tony Lopes of Australia. First appearing in 1995, it is distributed in over twenty countries, and received the Stanley Award from the Australian Cartoonist's Association in October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21347106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347106" title="Highland Township, Grundy County, Illinois">
Highland Township, Grundy County, Illinois

Highland Township is one of seventeen townships in Grundy County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 288 and it contained 129 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.89%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="21347110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347110" title="National Lampoon's Funny Money">
National Lampoon's Funny Money

"National Lampoon's Funny Money" is a comedy game show that aired on GSN from June 15 to October 24, 2003. The show was hosted by stand-up comedian Jimmy Pardo, and Budd Friedman served as the announcer.
Format.
Two contestants compete by answering comedy questions facing three celebrity comedians head-to-head for a fabulous vacation.
Round 1.
Jimmy asks both contestants a toss-up question about the world of comedy, and the first person to buzz-in with the correct answer gets 2 points (which Jimmy refers to as "billionof Funny Money dollars"), and gets to pick one of the celebrity comedians to perform on the stage for 45 seconds. Each distinct time the on-screen laugh meter goes in the green zone, the contestant earns an additional point.
Round 2.
Prior to the show, the staff went to National Lampoon's website, and found various unusual pictures. Before the show, Jimmy has the comedians come up with the funny captions for each one. Both contestants locked in the one who they think will get the biggest laughs according to the Laugh Meter. Each correct answer earns 5 points.
Round 3: Comedy Recall.
All three comedians (one-by-one) (or a special guest) will perform on-stage for a short routine. At the end of the routine, Jimmy asks a series of toss-up questions to both contestants based on the comedians' performance. The first person who buzzes-in with the correct answer earns 5 points.
The round is played to an unspecified time limit; when the time buzzer is rung, the person with the most points wins the game and gets a chance to play the Bonus Round for a trip; the loser is given unacknowledged consolation prizes and an acknowledged joke prize (such as cedar chips or chocolate laxiatives).
Bonus Round.
The show's logo is divided into 12 sections that hide a still from a famous comedy movie, and the contestant must identify the exact title of the movie. The contestant picks one of the three comedians. That comedian performs for one second for every point earned in the game, with a minimum time limit of 30 seconds.
For every laugh they get in the Funny Zone during the time limit that comedian performs, the contestant gets $300 and one section of the still to be revealed. The contestant is then given 5 seconds to confer with the comedian, and if they can identify the movie the contestant wins the trip. If not, they still earn their money.
"Animal House" Special.
A special episode featuring Babs and Flounder from the movie Animal House played for charity aired in 2003. The winner, Babs, scored 28 billion "Funny Money dollars", earned $2,000 for her charity, and went on to play the bonus round for charity. During the 30 seconds (the house minimum) that her comedian performed, two laughs (for an additional $600) were generated; Babs failed to guess the final picture. If she had won the bonus round, her total winnings would have doubled for a grand total of $5,200.

</doc>
<doc id="21347111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347111" title="USS Arcturus (AKA-1)">
USS Arcturus (AKA-1)

USS "Arcturus" (AK-18/AKA-1) was an named after "Arcturus," a star in the constellation "Boötes". She served as a commissioned ship for 5 years and 5 months.
Service history.
"Arcturus" was laid down as "Mormachawk" on 26 July 1938 under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 19) by the Sun Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co., Hull 176 at Chester, Pennsylvania. The ship was launched on 18 May 1939, sponsored by Miss Mollie Foulks Lee, and delivered to Moore McCormack Lines, Inc. on 27 July 1939. Acquired by the Navy on 20 September 1940, she was converted to a cargo ship at the Philadelphia Navy Yard, and commissioned on 26 October 1940 as "Arcturus" (AK-18), with Comdr. Russell C. Bartman in command.
North Africa.
The cargo ship began her Navy career with two years of general auxiliary duty operating out of ports along the east coast as far north as NS Argentia, Newfoundland, and south to San Juan, Puerto Rico. In October 1942, "Arcturus" received orders to load landing craft and join the Western Naval Task Force (Task Force (TF) 34) in the invasion of North Africa. The cargo ship was assigned to Transport Division (TransDiv) 9 of the Center Attack Group and sailed from Hampton Roads on 24 October. "Arcturus" arrived off Fedhala, French Morocco, just before midnight on 7 November, with the landing scheduled for daybreak on the 8th. The ship's boats moved troops ashore at H-hour, but to facilitate unloading her cargo, she moved into the harbor later in the day just long enough to unload at the one usable pier.
"Arcturus" was still anchored off Fedhala on 12 November when German submarine U-13Q attacked. "Arcturus" escaped, but three other auxiliaries were destroyed. The cargo ship's boats rescued survivors before the Center Group got underway to avoid more submarine attacks. The ships entered Casablanca on 15 November, and "Arcturus" completed unloading her cargo of small arms ammunition.
The ship joined a convoy on 17 November and returned to the United States, where she entered the Norfolk Navy Yard at Portsmouth, Virginia, for an overhaul that lasted until 18 December. "Arcturus" got underway from Norfolk on 27 December and joined a convoy carrying urgently needed supplies to the southwestern Pacific. Stopping first at Nouméa, New Caledonia, on 27 January 1943 and then at Brisbane, Australia, four days later, "Arcturus" returned to the east coast immediately. Redesignated as an attack cargo ship AKA-1 on 1 February, she then underwent a repair availability at the Boston Navy Yard, from 13 March until 4 April. The ship then trained off the east coast with TF 85 in preparation for the Allied invasion of Sicily.
Invasion of Sicily.
"Arcturus" crossed the Atlantic and formed up at Oran, Algeria, with the transports and escorts of "Cent" force under Rear Admiral Alan G. Kirk. By 8 July, the convoy was underway for Scoglitti, Sicily, where TF 85 was to land as part of a three-pronged attack. H-hour was set for 0245 on 10 July, but delays in organizing the convoy postponed the landing for one hour. As the first waves of boats moved toward the beaches, enemy torpedo bombers attacked. For almost an hour, torpedoes and bombs fell throughout the transport area, but neither "Arcturus" nor any other ship suffered hits. Landing craft casualties were great, however, because of the heavy surf, lack of recognizable landmarks, and inexperienced boat crews. During the night of 11 July and 12 July, another enemy air attack resulted in chaos as the transports and screening ships tried to defend themselves. American transport planes flew over immediately after the attack and were shot up badly by friendly fire. Unloading continued, and by the 13th, "Arcturus" was on her way back to Oran with the rest of the empty transports.
Salerno.
The cargo ship remained at Oran while plans were firmed up for the landings at Salerno. On 5 September, "Arcturus" got underway with TF.81, the Southern Attack Force, under the command of Rear Admiral John L. Hall. In spite of repeated enemy air attacks, the convoys arrived off the Gulf of Salerno late on 8 September. By 0335 the next day, the first wave of boats was landing at Paestum. Unfortunately, in the hope of completely surprising the Germans, no prelanding bombardment preceded the boats, and many men in the landing craft were killed.
The unloading progressed slowly as "Arcturus"s boats helped move troops and supplies shoreward. One of her boats was lost in crossfire from German machine gun emplacements, with seven men killed and four wounded. By the evening of 10 September, unloading was complete. "Arcturus" and 14 other empty cargo and transport ships sailed for Oran with an escort of 10 destroyers. Shortly after midnight, screening destroyer sighted a torpedo wake and pursued what was later determined to be a German E-boat. She lost it, and, as she rejoined the convoy, was hit by a torpedo from another E-boat and sank within one minute. The rest of the ships in the convoy proceeded to Oran without incident.
"Arcturus" remained at anchor off the coast of Algeria until November when she steamed to the recently captured and cleared port of Naples for amphibious training. In December, the cargo ship joined a westbound convoy and sailed for the United States. High winds and heavy Atlantic seas tossed "Arcturus" unmercifully, causing a fire in the pyrotechnic locker and the loss of 5 inch ammunition on the after gundeck. For two days, the convoy fought the seas, but at last the storm broke, and the ships arrived safely in the United States, "Arcturus" put into the Philadelphia Navy Yard on 2 January 1944 and commenced a brief overhaul.
Landings in southern France.
The cargo ship set sail on 27 February to rejoin the war effort in the Mediterranean. After several rehearsals at Salerno for the amphibious landings in southern France, "Arcturus" joined TF 85, the "Delta" Force in this operation, and stood off the designated beaches at La Nartelle on 15 August, awaiting H-hour, 0800. The assault progressed like a textbook drill due to excellent gunfire support, air cover, and experienced boat crews. The landing was unopposed. There were no casualties and no loss of landing craft 
Just as "Arcturus" weighed anchor to retire from the transport area, she received orders to take on wounded, mainly German prisoners of war. The cargo ship slipped out under cover of darkness and rejoined her convoy en route to Naples to discharge her passengers. Until late October, "Arcturus" carried cargo from Naples and Oran to Marseilles and St. Tropez as the Allies advanced up the Rhone River valley. Released from this assignment on 21 October, the cargo ship returned to the United States for overhaul at the Philadelphia Navy Yard beginning on 10 November.
Battle of Okinawa.
"Arcturus" completed overhaul in mid-December and set course to join the action in the Pacific theater. Transiting the Panama Canal on 9 January 1945, the cargo ship arrived at Pearl Harbor on 23 January and immediately unloaded her cargo. As soon as a new load was stowed on board, "Arcturus" got underway for Tulagi and Guadalcanal for training, rehearsals, and loading. She then steamed to Ulithi where she joined Transport Group "Baker" of the Northern Attack Force for the invasion of Okinawa. On 26 March, the ships stood out of Ulithi lagoon and set course for Okinawa.
"Arcturus" anchored at her assigned location in the transport area off the Hagushi beaches in the early hours of 1 April, but waited five days before she could unload her cargo of gasoline and small arms ammunition. The transports and cargo ships retired seaward at night to minimize the clangor from kamikaze attacks. Many other ships were hit, but in her 14 days in the transport area, "Arcturus" suffered no damage. The cargo ship's gun crews were credited with two assists in shooting down enemy attackers.
On 15 April, "Arcturus" received orders to Saipan where she was routed on to Pearl Harbor and San Francisco, arriving at the latter port on 18 May. After loading cargo and supplies, "Arcturus" returned to the western Pacific to resupply the troops advancing on Okinawa. After a brief stop at Eniwetok on 11 June, the cargo ship dropped anchor at Okinawa on 5 August. Enemy air attacks continued, but less frequently and with decreasing intensity. On 15 August, when Japan capitulated, "Arcturus" was still at Okinawa. She was then assigned to ferry occupation forces to Korea and China. On 5 September, the ship departed Okinawa in a convoy carrying Army troops and cargo to Jinsen, Korea. The convoy arrived at Jinsen on 8 September, and the occupation troops were joyfully received by the Koreans.
"Arcturus" returned to Okinawa to load more cargo and troops but had to steam seaward to avoid a typhoon. Finally, on 19 September, she was again loaded with Marines and vehicles in convoy to Tientsin, China, where she anchored on 30 September. "Arcturus" ferried troops and equipment from Manila and Zamboanga in the Philippine Islands to China before receiving orders stateside.
Decommissioning and sale.
The cargo ship got underway on 4 December from Shanghai, China, for Seattle, Washington, where she arrived on 22 December. No longer needed for service, "Arcturus" steamed to Portsmouth, Virginia, where she was decommissioned on 3 April 1946. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 5 June 1946. She was transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal, and was sold to a Panamanian company on 24 June 1947. She began merchant service as SS "Star Arcturus", and was scrapped in 1971.
"Arcturus" was awarded five battle stars for her World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="21347116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347116" title="Makam Mahmoodiah">
Makam Mahmoodiah

Makam Mahmoodiah or Mahmoodiah Royal Mausoleum is a royal mausoleum of Johor located in Jalan Mahmoodiah, Johor Bahru, Malaysia. The first Sultan of Johor buried here was Sultan Abu Bakar in 1895. Besides that, the founder of UMNO, Dato' Onn Jaafar (died on 1962) was buried next to his father, Dato Jaafar bin Muhammad's grave (died in 1919).
Architecture.
The architecture is a combination of Victorian, Moorish and local Malay styles.

</doc>
<doc id="21347120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347120" title="Eu, Seine-Maritime">
Eu, Seine-Maritime

Eu is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Upper Normandy region in northern France.
Eu is located near the coast in the eastern part of the department, near the border with Picardy.
Its inhabitants are known in French as the "Eudois".
Geography.
Eu is situated at the junction of the RD 1015, the RD 925, the RD 940 and the RD 1314 roads, in the steep-sided valley of the Bresle River, whose mouth is away to the north in Le Tréport.
Etymology.
The name of the commune is related to that of the river on which it stands. Before being called the "Bresle", this small river was known in the Middle Ages under the name of "Ou", which then became "Eu".
History.
The County of Eu was created in 996 by Duke Richard I of Normandy for his illegitimate son Geoffrey, Count of Brionne. It was a march protecting Normandy from invasion from the east.
In 1050, William, Duke of Normandy, the future William the Conqueror and king of England, married Matilda, the daughter of the Count of Flanders, at the chapel of the castle in Eu. The chapel is the only part of this castle which still stands today.
In 1180, Laurence O'Toole, the archbishop of Dublin and papal legate, fell ill at Eu on his way to meet King Henry II of England. He died there. He was beatified in 1186 and canonised in 1225 as St Laurence, becoming the patron saint of the town. The collegiate church was named for the Virgin Mary and for him, "Notre-Dame et Saint-Laurent", and still holds some of his preserved relics. In the 12th century, King Richard I of England, who was also Duke of Normandy, built the city walls.
In 1430, Joan of Arc as a prisoner of the English spent a night there, during her journey to Rouen.
The county remained an independent fief of the French crown until 1472, when it was inherited by John, Count of Nevers. In 1477 it was incorporated into the Burgundian territories of Charles the Bold. However, later that year Charles was killed in battle; King Louis XI of France took the opportunity to seize Charles' French fiefs, including Eu, and incorporated them in the French royal domain.
The British Queen Victoria visited Eu on two occasions as guest of Louis-Philippe. The first time in 1843 was to cement an early form of the Entente Cordiale between Britain and France. It was the first time monarchs of the two countries had met since King Henry VIII of England met with King Francis I of France on the Field of the Cloth of Gold in 1520.
The Croix de Guerre was awarded to the town in 1944.
Sights.
It is chiefly known for its nearby national forest, the Renaissance style Château d'Eu and its college.
Twin towns.
Eu is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="21347131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347131" title="San Fernando de Atabapo">
San Fernando de Atabapo

San Fernando de Atabapo was the capital city of Venezuela's Amazonas state until the early 1900s. The population in 1997 was approximately 5,000.
In the early twentieth century it was ruled for a long time by Tomas Funes, a powerful caudillo who controlled the local rubber industry (derived from indigenous rubber plants) by enslaving the local native populations. His power eventually became great enough to threaten the Venezuelan authorities and he was ultimately executed in the town square in the early 1930s. The town displays a photograph of a United States military aircraft that was shot down and crashed into the Orinoco River around this time. A Venezuelan National Guard unit is stationed here.

</doc>
<doc id="21347132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347132" title="The Paladins">
The Paladins

The Paladins are an American roots rock/rockabilly band from San Diego, California. Founded in the early 1980s by guitarist Dave Gonzalez and his high school friend and double bass player Thomas Yearsley, they have recorded nine studio albums and built a reputation as one of America's hardest-working live bands.
Early years.
The Paladins started out as a rockabilly band during the rockabilly craze of the early 1980s. Their tagline at the time was "Western & Bop", as they played a combination of rockabilly and vintage country. Their lead singer and rhythm guitarist was Whit Broadly. With this lineup they did their first recording, a contribution to a 1982 local compilation album, "Who's Listening?", and a song two years later on "The Best of L.A. Rockabilly", a 1984 Rhino Records LP. Their first LP, "The Paladins", was produced by Kim Wilson of the Fabulous Thunderbirds and was released in 1987 on Wrestler Records. Their second album, "Years Since Yesterday", produced by Los Lobos' Steve Berlin and Mark Linnet, was released on Alligator Records in 1989 and had sold more than 20,000 copies by the end of the year; the band shot a music video for the title song at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach, California for $30,000. Spending most of their time on the road, by 1989 they had already toured with Stevie Ray Vaughan, Los Lobos, The Blasters and the Fabulous Thunderbirds. They toured abroad as well; in the summer of 1989, between recording sessions for the third album, they played in Europe for the month of June, including shows at the Peer Music Festival in Belgium and the World Music Festival in London.
1990s.
In 1990 the Paladins released their third record, "Let's Buzz", "an invigorating blend of rockabilly, blues, rhythm-and-blues and country" recorded in the Los Angeles studio of 1970s soul star Leon Haywood (who also played keyboards on the album), produced again by Steve Berlin and Mark Linnet and released by Alligator. Acclaim came with a nomination at the 1990 Entertainer Music Awards (San Diego County) for Best Rock 'n' Roll, Original Music, for which they were a critics' favorite (they lost out to Beat Farmers). They won the award two years later, a year after winning the San Diego Music Awards. Touring continued relentlessly at home and abroad; in 1991, for instance, they toured Australia for three weeks. Shows were reviewed as fun, lively performances where band members would solo, swap instruments and even occasionally encourage audience members to play instruments.
2000s.
The Paladins appeared to have come to an end in 2004 when Gonzalez wanted to focus on different musical interests after having formed an alt-country band Hacienda Brothers. Thereafter a number of live albums and a live DVD were released with the band sometimes described as being "on hiatus."
While touring with his current band, the Stone River Boys, Gonzalez joined Yearsly and Brian Fahey at the Ink & Iron Festival in Long Beach, California in June 2011 for a Paladins reunion concert, the band's first US concert since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21347147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347147" title="Chaotics">
Chaotics

CHAOTICS is a strategic business framework and platform for dealing with economic turbulence defined and developed in 2008 by marketing guru Philip Kotler of Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management and global business strategy expert John A. Caslione of GCS Business Capital, LLC. Based on the concept that the world economy has entered into a new economic era of uncertainty, "CHAOTICS" provides methods to allow companies to live with increased risk and uncertainty in an age of heightened turbulence and its consequent chaos. This involves creating and implementing a set of new strategic behaviors defined by Kotler and Caslione as well as building an early warning system, a scenario construction system, and a quick response system to manage and market during recessions and other turbulent economic conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="21347163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347163" title="Rotorua Branch">
Rotorua Branch

The Rotorua Branch is a railway line from Putaruru to Rotorua, in the Waikato and Bay of Plenty regions of the North Island of New Zealand. Construction of the line was commenced by the Thames Valley and Rotorua Railway Company and finished by the Public Works Department. The complete line, in length, opened on 24 November 1893.
History.
The line was partially constructed by the Thames Valley and Rotorua Railway Company. The company began planning of the line from 1877, following the passing of the District Railways Act 1877. Construction of the Rotorua line did not begin until after its survey, from 1881. The survey took 12 months to find a suitable route to Rotorua over the Mamaku Ranges.
The company only ever completed the section between Morrinsville and Tirau (called Oxford at that time), and this opened on 8 March 1886. The Government took over its operations in 1886. From this time onwards, the Public Works Department undertook construction of the line. The section to Lichfield on what is now the Kinleith Branch line was opened at the time of the Mount Tarawera eruption (21 June 1886). The line to Rotorua opened in 1893.
At the same time George Vesey Stewart proposed a railway route between Tauranga and Rotorua, but this did not eventuate.
The Rotorua line in its original form was a main line which ran from Morrinsville through to Rotorua. With the opening of the Kaimai Tunnel in 1978, the section of line between Morrinsville and Waharoa became part of the East Coast Main Trunk line between Hamilton and Kawerau, whilst the section of line between Waharoa and Kinleith became the Kinleith Branch line. The section of line between Putaruru and Rotorua becoming the "Rotorua Branch" line.
Services.
Two named passenger services operated on the line. The "Rotorua Express" was initiated in 1894 and in 1930 became the "Rotorua Limited" - the most prestigious train in New Zealand at that time. The service later reverted to the "Rotorua Express" with more stops; and in 1959 was replaced by 88-seater Fiat railcars, the NZR RM class. The Fiat railcar service ceased in 1968. In 1991 a new twice daily tourist-oriented service called the "Geyserland Express" was initiated, using Silver Fern railcars. This service lasted a decade and ceased in 2001.
Freight on the line previously comprised forestry and livestock products railed north from Rotorua. Train loads north were limited by the Tarukenga Bank west of Rotorua between Ngongotaha and Mamaku, with a steep ruling gradient of 1 in 35.
The forestry industry operated numerous sawmills on the branch line; the largest was at Mamaku, which had its own bush tramway connecting to the NZR line. For many years after World War II sheep and cattle from land developments south of Rotorua were railed by special stock trains to the large abattoirs or freezing works in the South Auckland suburbs of Westfield and Southdown. Now there are local freezing works served by road transport, and stock numbers (particularly sheep) have reduced.
Taupo extension proposals.
Extension of the line to Taupo has been proposed from time to time, primarily to take advantage of forestry traffic from the region. One such proposal got as far as the construction phase in 1928, however, due to the onset of the Great Depression, work ceased a year later in 1929.
Rotorua station relocation.
In 1989 the Rotorua central city station and rail yard was closed and, along with the last 2 km of the line, removed and relocated to a new site at Koutu.
The Geyserland Express railcar service initially terminated in the Koutu freight yard until a small temporary passenger station operated by the Second Chance Train Trust opened on the northern side of the Lake Road overbridge in 1995. The new passenger station at Koutu was intended as temporary measure until the line could be relaid to a proposed new passenger station in the central city on the corner of Ranolf and Amohau Streets, which was being pursued by the Second Chance Train Trust and the Rotorua District Council. The new station never eventuated.
Decline.
During the late 1990s traffic on the line gradually declined with the twice daily Geyserland Express railcar service being reduced in 1995 to a daily service with twice daily services on Fridays and Sundays only, and in 1996 being reduced to a daily service on all days. The nightly Bay Raider freight service was cancelled in 2000 and the Geyserland Express was cancelled in 2001.
Since this time the line has fallen into disrepair, with slips, overgrown vegetation and sections of the line being stolen.
In 2012, the Rotorua District Council demolished the former Lake Road overbridge at Koutu to enable a new four lane road to be built across the railway line at this locality. The new four lane road involved the removal of the track on the northern and southern sides of the road, which now separates the former Koutu freight yard from the main line. KiwiRail still own the rail corridor across the road however.
Reopening.
On 13 January 2009, the Geyserland Express Trust announced that it had commissioned and received a report on the feasibility of reopening the line between Putaruru and Rotorua, which put the cost of doing so at $8.3 million. Work required included:
The interested parties planned to establish a working group to determine the level of demand and economic feasibility of services on the line.
In December 2009 KiwiRail leased the Rotorua Branch line (Putaruru - Koutu) to the Rotorua Ngongotaha Rail Trust, which intends to turn the unused corridor and track into a tourism venture. The trust is currently working to restore part of the line and is working with the Rotorua District Council to assist with its plans to continue the national cycleway system in the District. Once the track is repaired, the trust hopes that it will be possible for freight and passenger services to resume, with steam enthusiast operators from around New Zealand, able to bring their own excursion trains to Rotorua.
Mamaku-based adventure tourism company Rail Riders has been granted a rail operating license to run services on the Rotorua Branch. Working with KiwiRail and the Rotorua-Ngongotaha Rail Trust, the company operates its New Zealand-designed and built "rail cruisers" on a section of the branch line, initially between Mamaku and Tarukenga, but later extended to Rotorua-Mamaku. They have constructed a station at Mamaku and plan to build another in Rotorua when services are extended there.

</doc>
<doc id="21347180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347180" title="Strathcona Community Hospital">
Strathcona Community Hospital

The Strathcona Community Hospital, currently under construction, will provide 72 acute care beds and sufficient infrastructure capacity for 36 additional beds in the future.
The hospital development was an issue in the Strathcona County municipal election, 2010: incumbent mayor, Cathy Olesen, was defeated by Linda Osinchuk who ran a campaign attacking contemporary plans for the hospital which involved no overnight beds. Post election, the Alberta government announced revised plans to add beds to the hospital.
The project broke ground in 2007 and was expected to be completed in late 2009, but was put on hold due to the down turn in the economy. The construction of the facility resumed in spring 2010 and is hoped to be completed by 2012.
Main services.
The hospital will provide a variety of services.

</doc>
<doc id="21347187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347187" title="2007–08 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team">
2007–08 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team

The 2007–08 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team represented the University of Missouri in the 2007-08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Head Coach was Mike Anderson, who was in his 2nd year. The team played its home games in the Mizzou Arena in Columbia, MO.
Pre-Season.
With Missouri returning four starters and eleven scholarship players from a team that surprised many by winning 18 games in head coach Mike Anderson's first year with the team, expectations were running high for the Tigers in 2007. Among the returners was the 2007 Big 12 Conference Newcomer of the Year Stefhon Hannah. In addition, the Tigers welcomed newcomer DeMarre Carroll as a transfer from Vanderbilt. Carroll was named the Big 12's Preseason Newcomer of the Year. With all of this in mind, the Big 12 coaches selected Missouri fifth in the Big 12 preseason poll.
The Tigers played two preseason games in 2007. The first was against the University of Missouri–St. Louis, winning this game 78–51. The second of their two preseason games was against Missouri Western State University. They won this game by a score of 113–55.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Preseason
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| Postseason

</doc>
<doc id="21347191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347191" title="Patrick Daly">
Patrick Daly

Patrick Daly was an Irish politician, vintner and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork East constituency at the 1933 general election. He was elected as a Fine Gael TD for the Cork North constituency at the 1937 and 1938 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1943 general election, and was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1944 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21347192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347192" title="Sarah Granger Kimball">
Sarah Granger Kimball

Sarah Melissa Granger Kimball (December 29, 1818 – December 1, 1898) was a 19th-century Mormon advocate for women's rights and early leader in the Relief Society of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Sarah Granger was a daughter of Oliver Granger and his wife Lydia Dibble. She was born in Phelps, New York and joined the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints with the rest of her family in 1833 and then moved to Kirtland, Ohio.
The initial meeting in preparation for the organization of the Relief Society was held in her home. Sarah married Hiram Kimball and they moved west with the Mormon pioneers, settling in Salt Lake City in 1851. Hiram died in 1863 after which Sarah taught school to support her family. She served as the general secretary of the Relief Society after it was reorganized under the leadership of Eliza R. Snow. Kimball also served as president of the Utah Women's Suffrage Association.
Kimball was a member of the 1882 Utah State Constitutional Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="21347195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347195" title="Antonio Villaraigosa">
Antonio Villaraigosa

Antonio Ramón Villaraigosa (; born Antonio Ramón Villar, Jr.; January 23, 1953) is an American politician who served as the 41st Mayor of Los Angeles, California from 2005 to 2013. Prior to being elected Mayor he was a member of the California State Assembly from 1994 to 2000, the Democratic leader of the Assembly from 1996 to 1998, and the Speaker of the California State Assembly from 1998 to 2000. After leaving the State Assembly due to term limits he was elected to the Los Angeles City Council from 2003 until he was elected Mayor in 2005.
Villaraigosa is a member of the Democratic Party, national co-chairman of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, a member of President Barack Obama's Transition Economic Advisory Board, and Chairman of the 2012 Democratic National Convention in September 2012.
He ran for Mayor in 2001 against Los Angeles City Attorney James Hahn, but lost in the second round of voting. He ran again in 2005 in a rematch against Hahn and won. During his tenure as Mayor, he gained national attention for his work and was featured in "Time's" story on the country's 25 most influential Latinos. However, in June 2009, Villaraigosa made the cover of Los Angeles Magazine, titled "Failure," with an accompanying article written by Ed Leibowitz, which claimed that Villaraigosa often confused campaigning with governance, wasted 22 weeks in his first term trying to take over the school board, and did little to help education in the City of Los Angeles. He was the third Mexican American to have served as Mayor of Los Angeles, and the first in over 130 years. He was term limited and could not run for re-election in 2013. Villaraigosa is open to running for Governor of California sometime in the future.
Early life and education.
Born Antonio Ramón Villar, Jr. in the City Terrace neighborhood of Los Angeles County's Eastside, Villaraigosa attended both Catholic and public schools. His father immigrated to the USA and became a successful businessman, but lost his wealth during the Great Depression. His young wife left him at this time. His father abandoned their family when Villaraigosa was 5 years old, and at age of 16, a benign tumor in his spinal column briefly paralyzed him from the waist down, curtailing his ability to play sports. His grades plummeted at Cathedral High School, and the next year, he was expelled from the Roman Catholic institution after getting into a fight after a football game. He later graduated from Theodore Roosevelt High School after taking adult education classes there at night, and with the help of his English teacher, Herman Katz.
Villaraigosa went on to attend East Los Angeles College, and eventually transferred to University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History in 1977. At UCLA, he was a leader of MEChA, an organization that seeks to promote Chicano unity and empowerment through political action. At this time, he went by the name "Tony Villar" but began using his birth name, Antonio, to win support in the Hispanic community. After UCLA, Villaraigosa attended the Peoples College of Law (PCL). His desire to practice law has been prevented due to his repeated inability to pass the California Bar Exam, which he has failed four times. After PCL, he became a field representative/organizer with the United Teachers Los Angeles. He later served as president of the Los Angeles chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union and the American Federation of Government Employees.
Early political career.
In 1990, Villaraigosa was appointed to the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation Board and served there until 1994. In 1994, he was elected to the California State Assembly. Within his first term, he was selected to serve as Democratic Assembly Whip and Assembly Majority Leader. In 1998, Villaraigosa was chosen by his colleagues to be the Speaker of the Assembly, the first from Los Angeles in 25 years. He left the Assembly in 2000 because of term limits 
Mayor of Los Angeles.
Elections.
Villaraigosa ran for election as Mayor of Los Angeles in the 2001 citywide contest but was defeated by Democrat James Hahn in a run-off election. In 2003, Villaraigosa defeated incumbent Councilman Nick Pacheco to win a seat on the Los Angeles City Council representing the 14th District.
Villaraigosa placed first in the primary for the Los Angeles mayoral election of March 8, 2005, and won the run-off election on May 17, receiving 58.7% of the vote. On July 1, 2005, Villaraigosa was sworn in as the 41st Mayor of Los Angeles. He is the first Latino Mayor of Los Angeles since 1872, when Mayor Cristóbal Aguilar (Mayor from 1866 to 1868 and again from 1870 until 1872) served as Mayor. Attendees to his first inauguration included then Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger; former Governors Gray Davis, Pete Wilson, and Jerry Brown; former Vice President Al Gore, U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher, and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Villaraigosa was re-elected in 2009, receiving 55.65% of the vote, a relatively small majority, despite running against a field of nine relative unknowns and spending 15 times as much money as his most prominent challenger, attorney Walter Moore who won 26.23% after previously only winning 2.5% of the vote in the 2005 election. Villaraigosa drew controversy by refusing to debate any of his opponents before the election, namely Walter Moore.
Tenure.
Transportation.
One of Villaraigosa's main transportation-related goals is to extend the Purple Line subway down Wilshire Boulevard to Santa Monica. Proponents have dubbed the project the "Subway to the Sea." Villaraigosa worked to persuade Congressman Henry Waxman to repeal the ban on subway tunneling in Los Angeles, which occurred in 2006.
On November 4, 2008, Los Angeles County voters passed Measure R, an additional half-cent per dollar sales tax that increased the sales tax rate in Los Angeles County from 8.25% to 8.75% and is projected to generate up to $40 billion over thirty years for transportation. Measure R included funding for the portion of the "Subway to the Sea" between Wilshire/Western and Westwood/VA Hospital; a project known as the Westside Subway Extension. Its passage was credited in large part to Villaraigosa, who lobbied the Metropolitan Transportation Agency and County Board of Supervisors to place it on the November ballot, and helped organize the fundraising efforts.
Working with Wendy Greuel, then Chair of the City Council's Transportation Committee, Villaraigosa issued an executive directive aimed at banning road construction during rush hour in traffic-plagued Los Angeles, and established anti-gridlock zones and launched Tiger Teams to improve traffic flow during peak rush hour times. Villaraigosa even publicly pledged to take the subway to work one day a month, as reported by "The Los Angeles Times". This, however, proved impossible for him.
In February 2010, Villaraigosa traveled to Washington, D.C. in order to promote a "Ten/Thirty" plan that requests an $8.8 billion bridge loan to augment the $5.8 billion expected from Measure R tax revenues. Proceeds would accelerate the construction of 12 mass transit projects. The loan would be repaid with continuing income from Measure R funds. Villaraigosa's 30/10 plan eventually morphed into the America Fast Forward program and was passed by the United States Congress.
On Saturday July 18, 2010, Villaraigosa fell from his bicycle after being cut off by a taxi driver; Villaraigosa suffered a broken elbow in the fall, and the taxi driver fled the scene. The accident converted Villariagosa into "a new champion of cyclists' rights", when he declared a bicycle safety summit, and announced that he would push for the passage of a "3 foot passing rule" in California. The two-hour long summit meeting, held Tuesday, August 16, 2010, was criticized for not including input from Los Angeles' Bicycle Advisory Committee, which has held a number of Bicycle Summit meetings. Villaraigosa has also supported implementation of Los Angeles' Bicycle Master Plan, adopted in March 2011, which sets a long-term goal of creating a network of 1,680 miles of interconnected bikeways spanning the city. Subsequent to the adoption of the plan, Villaraigosa issued an executive directive that "mandates the construction of 40 miles of bikeways each year" and "requires city agencies to include bicycle-friendly features in their programs and expand public education and training campaigns."
Public safety.
Villaraigosa is a member of the Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition, a national organization of Mayors whose goal is to increase gun control. As Mayor of Los Angeles, Villaraigosa has pursued an agenda of making Los Angeles the safest big city in America.
Villaraigosa has proposed a Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness initiative, which adds certain units to the Los Angeles Police and Fire Departments and reorganizes some of the current practices. Villaraigosa's latest development in the policy realm of homeland security is the creation of his Homeland Security Advisors, a group of approximately 40 leaders. The panel includes Police Chief William Bratton, former L.A. FBI chief Ron Iden, former Mayor Richard Riordan, Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca and former District Attorney Ira Reiner. It will be co-chaired by his Deputy Mayor for Homeland Security and Public Safety Arif Alikhan. The panel planned for such issues as counter-terrorism measures, evacuation planning and emergency preparedness.
Villaraigosa vowed to hire 1,000 new police officers, a promise which has not yet been kept. On March 6, 2009, Mayor Villaraigosa and Police Chief Bratton announced that the L.A.P.D. had expanded to its largest force in city history. On May 14, 2009, City Council approved an LAPD/LAFD hiring freeze. In a television advertisement paid for by the Villaraigosa campaign, Chief Bratton stated that "Crime is down to levels of the 1950s." Twenty-four hours before the March 3 Election Day, Villaraigosa and Bratton reannounced a statement from the Mayor’s Office that the “citywide crime-rate drop to the lowest level since 1956, the total number of homicides fall to a 38-year low. Gang homicides were down more than 24 percent in 2008.” However, former Chief of Police Daryl Gates declared this statistic meaningless, citing the trend toward lengthier prison sentences for career criminals as the true reason for the change. In fact, crime has fallen by 43 percent across California between 1994 and 1999. In an article by Patrick Range McDonald, these statistics were further disputed. The figures are also disputed by Professor Andrew Karmen, John Jay College of Criminal Justice. Karmen stated that, adjusting for population, the Los Angeles murder rate would need to be 180 or less to be equivalent to the crime rate of 1956, with its rate of 104 homicides per 2.2 million people, or one killing for every 22,115 people (the 2007 rate was 396 per 4 million people, or one killing per 10,101 people). McDonald further noted that, "In 1956, 89 percent of homicides were cleared. Today, if you kill another human being in Los Angeles, chances are very good you will get away with it: 43 out of every 100 killers are not caught." Similarly, he notes, "In 1956, 42 percent of robberies were cleared by an arrest. Today, that number is 26 percent."
Education.
Villaraigosa sought to gain control of the Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD) as one of his top priorities as mayor, but failed.
In his first State of the City address, he announced his intention to assume full control of the LAUSD, through a bill passed by the State Legislature. The school board and teachers' union immediately protested and support in the community was mediocre. Consequently, Villaraigosa reached a compromise with leaders of the teachers' unions and state legislators that would create a Council of Mayors of the 28 cities served by LAUSD. The votes of each Mayor would be proportionate to the city's population, thus giving Villaraigosa over 80% of the vote, and most often, the final say of what happens, while requiring him to seek consensus from a few other cities.
AB 1381 was passed by the state legislature and signed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. The plan received significant opposition among the Los Angeles Board of Education, Board President Marlene Canter, then-superintendent of LAUSD, Roy Romer, among others. On December 21, 2006, AB 1381 was ruled unconstitutional. Villaraigosa made a preliminary appeal that he later dropped.
Villariagosa operates the Partnership for Los Angeles Schools, which controls 10 LAUSD campuses. In June 2009, teachers at 8 of the ten campuses gave the partnership landslide "no confidence" votes. Steve Lopez, a columnist at the "Los Angeles Times", stated that at the two other schools, a significant number of the teachers disapproved of the partnership's operations.
Animal services.
In January 2005, Villaraigosa appeared before a coalition of animal rights activists and pledged that, if elected, he would implement a no-kill policy for Animal Services and fire General Manager Guerdon Stuckey, an appointee of former Mayor Hahn. Animal activists had expressed doubts regarding Stuckey's ability to lead the Department of Animal Service since his appointment, primarily citing his lack of experience. During Stuckey's tenure, activist concern intensified due to a refusal to accept charity-sponsored spay and neuter services, firings of several key animal rights-oriented workers, and excessive euthanasia of animals held by Animal Services. Approximately one year after Villaraigosa's initial promise to fire Stuckey and substantial negative press, Villaraigosa fired Stuckey. Stuckey appealed the firing to the City Council and threatened a lawsuit, and in February 2006, the Los Angeles City Council awarded Stuckey a $50,000 consulting fee with the agreement that there would be no lawsuit. In January 2006, Villaraigosa appointed Ed Boks to the General Manager position. In April 2009, General Manager Ed Boks resigned after complaints from some staff, city councillors, and animal advocates. In June 2010, fifteen months after Boks’ resignation, Brenda Barnette, former CEO of the Seattle Humane Society was appointed.
Taxes.
Villaraigosa has tripled the city's trash collection fee from $11 per month to $36.32 per month for single-family homes, stating: "Every new dollar residents pay for trash pickup will be used to put more officers on the streets," in a press release dated April 12, 2006. A 2008 L.A. City Contoller audit by Laura Chick determined that 2008 "only $47 million, or about one-third of the new trash-fee revenue then pouring into city coffers, went to hiring police, and only 366 officers were hired instead of the promised 1,000."
Villariagosa then lobbied to place Proposition S on the ballot to fund new police officers, concerned that a pending court ruling could eliminate the 40-year-old 10% telephone tax. This generated some controversy among tax activists, as Villariagosa and his negotiating team had recently reached a salary agreement resulting in a 23% pay hike. Controller Laura Chick noted that Proposition S language does not restrict expenditure to police and firefighters, and instead deposits the money into the general fund. It is not certain that any of the Prop S monies were used to hire new police officers. Villaraigosa supports Proposition O, which currently adds $10.22 to the property tax bill of a $350,000 home and will eventually climb to $35.00. Villariagosa also campaigned last fall for two education bond measures that will increase the size of property tax bills over the next decade.
On March 23, 2010, Villaraigosa, in a leaked memo warned the Los Angeles City Council that their potential failure to support a series of four proposed rate increases totaling 37% and already approved by the city's Department of Water and Power would be "the most immediate and direct route to bankruptcy the city could pursue".
Energy and the environment.
In April 2008, Villaraigosa set aside a large parcel of industrial land around the Los Angeles River to create a “clean-technology corridor.” Discussions have started with international companies about relocating to the corridor and a range of incentives are available for businesses opting to move to the city. The site will include a research facility that will draw on the engineering talents of local higher-education institutions, such as the California Institute of Technology and UCLA. About has also been set aside for a manufacturing center. As of August 2010, the project is still in the planning stage.
Villaraigosa played a critical role in establishing the LA Cleantech Incubator and voiced his support for the organization during the night of their opening.
On August 10, 2007, "The Los Angeles Times" published an expose on water use by Villaraigosa at his private residences. During the Summer of 2007, Villaraigosa challenged Los Angeles residents to slash their water use by 10% in the face of a historic drought. "Los Angeles needs to change course and conserve water to steer clear of this perfect storm," Villaraigosa said then. But DWP records obtained by the "Los Angeles Times" show that "Villaraigosa has been contributing to that storm," according to the "Times". He and his family used 386,716 gallons of water at their Mount Washington home, far higher than the average of 209,000 gallons. Villaraigosa blamed his high water use on "gophers that chewed holes through a rubberized drip-irrigation system."
Honorary degrees and awards.
In February 2006, Villaraigosa was presented with the Tom Bradley Legacy Foundation Achievement Award for "following in the footsteps of the first African American Mayor of Los Angeles who served the city for 51 years." Citing the similarity of the two mayors in building coalitions among diverse communities, the speakers praised Villaraigosa for his vision for the City of Los Angeles. Also in attendance were Mrs. Ethel Bradley, daughter Lorraine and many of Mayor Bradley's former staff members.
On May 6, 2006, Villaraigosa was awarded an honorary degree by Loyola Marymount University, and was the Class of 2006 Commencement Speaker. On May 12, 2006, he was awarded a Doctor of Humane Letters by the University of Southern California and was the Class of 2006 commencement speaker.
Villaraigosa was one of ten mayors from North America to be short-listed as a finalist for the 2008 World Mayor Award.
International publicity.
In October 2006, Villaraigosa traveled to England and Asia for a sixteen-day trade mission. In England, he visited London and Manchester, at the invitation of then-Prime Minister Tony Blair, and spoke about Los Angeles' efforts regarding global warming, homeland security and emergency preparedness, and its bid for the 2016 Olympic Games. Prime Minister Blair had visited Mayor Villaraigosa a couple months prior to that in Los Angeles.
In 2006, Villaraigosa led a delegation of over 50 business leaders to China, South Korea, and Japan that secured $300 million in direct foreign investment. In Beijing, Villariagosa opened a LA Inc. tourism office, in order to ensure a permanent welcome for the millions of Chinese tourists who will visit Los Angeles over the next decade. In Japan, Villaraigosa launched a See My LA advertising campaign in Tokyo-based Family Mart convenience stores throughout Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Thailand.
In February 2008, Villariagosa welcomed Mexican President Felipe Calderón Hinojosa and members of the Mexican delegation to discuss trade opportunities and witness the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the Mexico Business Council for Foreign Trade, Investment and Technology (COMCE) and the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce.
Villaraigosa traveled to Israel in June 2008 to meet with experts in homeland security, counter-terrorism, and green technology. He also signed an agreement with the International Institute for Counter-Terrorism (ICT - part the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya) on behalf of the LA police department. Under the agreement, the ICT will train US homeland security officials. In recent years, he developed a relationship with the Mayor of the Israeli city of Sderot, Eli Moyal, and met with him during the visit. Villaraigosa has long retained strong ties to the Los Angeles Jewish Community, having spent part of his childhood in the once-Jewish dominated neighborhood of Boyle Heights.
Controversies.
Ethics violations.
On May 2, 2007, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Villaraigosa was under investigation for ethics violations. "The executive director of the Los Angeles Ethics Commission...accused Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa of 31 violations of campaign finance and disclosure laws stemming from his 2003 campaign for the City Council."
In June 2010, a formal ethics investigation of Villariagosa was launched, due to his unreported acceptance of 81 tickets to concerts, awards ceremonies and sporting events. Estimates - including the 13 Lakers courtside tickets valued at $3,100 each and Academy Awards and Governor’s Ball tickets at $21,000 each—suggest that the value of the tickets could amount to tens of thousands of dollars. The unreported tickets came to light after the City of Los Angeles paid $3.2 million for Michael Jackson's Memorial, including $2 million in police overtime.
Nepotism.
In 2009 the "Los Angeles Times" published an investigative report questioning the assignment of high-paying government jobs to those with close family or other personal connections to those in political power, pointing out that California taxpayers pay Marisela Villar, daughter of Villaraigosa, $68,000 for work as a "field representative" answering constituent calls and arranging community meetings. Ms. Villar reportedly has no degrees or other particular qualifications for the position, to which she was appointed by close political allies of her father. "It looks like nepotism," said Tracy Westen, chief executive of the Center for Governmental Studies in Los Angeles. "It's the kind of thing the public doesn't like: people using their power and influence to provide cushy jobs to friends and family.".
Controversy arose in response to the sudden withdrawal of Ricardo Lara and Arturo Chavez from the 2008, 46th District election, which is alleged to have occurred after the two attended a secret meeting at the Getty House with Villaraigosa and his cousin, John Pérez, who had recently announced his candidacy for the seat. The departure of these two serious challengers cleared the field for John Pérez to win the seat. Within months, Villaraigosa appointed Lara to the Los Angeles City Planning Commission. Lara later gained criticism for concurrently serving on the Planning Commission board (restricted to residents of Los Angeles) and running for state Assembly in the 50th District (restricted to residents of the 50th District). No part of the City of Los Angeles is included in the 50th District. Following the "Los Angeles Times" article, "Legislative aide Ricardo Lara accused of straddling communities," Lara resigned from the Planning Commission.
Public opinion.
After his election as Mayor, Villaraigosa was featured on the cover of "Newsweek," and in "Time" 's story on the country's 25 most influential Latinos, but repeated questions concerning his marital infidelity issues appear to have damaged his reputation locally and nationally.
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa topped a list of all-time worst Angelenos chosen by online voters who responded to the Talk Back to Lopez poll at the "Los Angeles Times".
Villaraigosa has also received criticism because of his membership in MEChA while attending UCLA and his alleged support for immigration reform. He has also been criticized because of the high frequency in which he holds press conferences, attends photo-ops, and travels out of town (including campaigning for Hillary Clinton). An "LA Weekly" article by Patrick Range McDonald published on September 11, 2008, presented an analysis of a 10-week period from May 21 to August 1, and determined that "On direct city business—such as signing legislation and meeting with city-department heads—his schedule shows the mayor spent 11 percent of his time...Yet the 11 percent of Villaraigosa's time that the Weekly has identified as being spent in L.A. on actual city work—running, fixing or shaping government policies and actions—reveals that he frequently spends that limited time huddling with special-interest groups who have helped him attain higher office."
A November 4, 2008 election day poll conducted by the Center for the Study of Los Angeles at Loyola Marymount University found that Villaraigosa had a job approval rating of 61%. In 2009, a poll by the Los Angeles times showed his approval rating had slipped to 55%, "relatively low for a sitting Mayor who faced little name opposition in his recent re-election victory." At the same time, his showing and that of the candidates he supported in the election were lackluster.
Villaraigosa was featured in the editorial cover story of the June, 2009 "Los Angeles" Magazine, which took him to task for a lack of effectiveness regarding many of his stated policy priorities, and a focus on election to higher office, to the detriment of the needs of the City. In response, the "Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles" devoted its June 11 cover story to a defense of Villaraigosa's record.
In February 2010, "La Opinion" staffer Isaiah Alvarado noted that Villaraigosa's call for job and cuts in city departments did not include his own staff of 205 employees, compared to 121 staffers for Hahn and 114 for Riordan. Alvarado also noted that even after a 10% reduction, the Mayor's office spent $1.8 million more than Hahn in the last year of his administration and $1.4 million more than Riordan. This budget does not include the annual $118,000 covering of the Getty House, the official residence of the Mayor of Los Angeles.
Personal life.
Children.
At the age of 21, Villaraigosa fathered the first of his four children, Marisela Villar, and second at age 25, Prisila Villar-Contreras. At age 34, as Antonio Villar, he married Corina Raigosa November 28, 1987, and adopted a combination of their last names as his family name. The couple had two children, Natalia and Antonio Jr.
Divorce.
In the wake of his affair with Spanish-language television reporter, Mirthala Salinas, Villaraigosa announced that he was separating from his wife, and on June 12, 2007, Corina Villaraigosa filed for dissolution of marriage in Los Angeles Superior Court, citing irreconcilable differences. Villaraigosa acknowledged on July 3, 2007, that he was in a relationship with Salinas. As a result of the affair, Salinas was suspended by her employer, Telemundo, and forcibly relocated to Riverside, after which she resigned. In a "New Yorker" profile published shortly before the divorce, Villaraigosa acknowledged that he and Corina had had difficulties over the course of their marriage. “In a twenty-year marriage, there are many ups and downs", Villaraigosa said. "The New Yorker" also reported that in 1994, while Corina was undergoing treatment for thyroid cancer, Villaraigosa was involved with a friend's wife and Corina had filed for dissolution of marriage at that time. "The New Yorker" reported that Villaraigosa's actions had infuriated colleagues who had helped portray him as a family man and lost him key supporters.
Villaraigosa had a relationship with Lu Parker, a local television news anchor and 1994 Miss USA, from March 2009. In July 2012, Parker's publicist told the "Los Angeles Times" that the couple's relationship had ended on May 25, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21347256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347256" title="Arne Solli">
Arne Solli

Arne Solli (born 6 April 1938) is a Norwegian general who served as Chief of Defence of Norway ("Forsvarssjef") from 31 October 1994 until 30 April 1999.
In 1995 he was awarded the title of Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. 

</doc>
<doc id="21347261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347261" title="Tel River">
Tel River

The Tel river flows in Nabarangpur, Kalahandi, Balangir, Sonpur District of Odisha, India. Tel is an important tributary of Mahanadi. It flows just eight kilometers away from the town of Titilagarh. This significant tributary of the Mahanadi river meets the main river at Sonpur or Subarnapur. The convergence of the two rivers offers a remarkable view against a colorful landscape. Baidyanath temple, which is famous for the Kosaleshwar Shiva temple, is located on the left bank of the Tel River.

</doc>
<doc id="21347265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347265" title="Phạm Lực">
Phạm Lực

Phạm Lực (Huế, 1943), is a Vietnamese painter. Pham Luc served in the North Vietnamese army - as a painter. Luc has exhibited paintings in Vietnam and overseas, and continues to paint. He has one daughter and one son, and lives in Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="21347276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347276" title="Veronicastrum tubiflorum">
Veronicastrum tubiflorum

Veronicastrum tubiflorum, (Fischer & C. A. Meyer) H. Hara, is a plant in the plantain family, native to eastern Asia, found in meadows and thickets. The pale blue or pink flowere appear from June to August, and the plant ranges in size from 40 to 70 cm. 

</doc>
<doc id="21347279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347279" title="Surface Science Reports">
Surface Science Reports

Surface Science Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by North-Holland that covers the physics and chemistry of surfaces. It was established in 1981. It is the review journal corresponding to the journals "Surface Science" and "Surface Science Letters".
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed by:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 11.696.

</doc>
<doc id="21347294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347294" title="James Zagel">
James Zagel

James Block Zagel (born March 4, 1941) is a United States district judge for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, a FISA Court judge, and a novelist.
Early life and education.
Born in Chicago to Jewish parents, Zagel is the son of Samuel S. Zagel (1905–1999), a native of Warsaw, Poland who had immigrated to Chicago in 1915, and Ethel Samuels Zagel (1911–1986). Zagel earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Chicago in 1962 and a master's degree from the University of Chicago in the same year. He then earned a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1965.
Professional career.
Zagel began his career as an assistant state's attorney in Cook County, Illinois from 1965 until 1969. He then served as an assistant attorney general for the State of Illinois from 1969 until 1977. Concurrent to the job as assistant attorney general, Zagel ran the Criminal Justice Division in the attorney general's office from 1970 until 1977, and he also served as chief prosecuting attorney for the Illinois Judicial Inquiry Board from 1973 until 1975.
In 1977, Zagel became executive director of the Illinois Law Enforcement Commission, a post he held until 1979. From 1979 until 1980, Zagel was the director of the Illinois Department of Revenue. From 1980 until joining the federal bench in 1987, Zagel was the director of the Illinois State Police.
Federal judicial service.
Judicial appointments.
Zagel was a finalist for a federal judgeship in 1985, but was not chosen. On February 2, 1987, President Reagan nominated Zagel to be a judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The United States Senate confirmed Zagel on April 21, 1987.
In 2008, Zagel began serving a simultaneous seven year term on the FISA Court.
Trial history.
Zagel has presided over many high-profile trials, including:
In April 2009, it was announced that Zagel would preside over the federal corruption trial of former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich and his brother, Robert Blagojevich. The judge refused to let Blagojevich go to Costa Rica to participate in the show, "I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here", saying Blagojevich needed to prepare a good defense for his upcoming trial and focus on the reality of the current situation. The former governor's wife Patti Blagojevich went instead. In August 2010, jury deliberations began in the Blagojevich trial. Rod Blagojevich was convicted on one charge, of lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with a hung jury on 22 other charges. He was retried in June 2011, with Zagel presiding, and the jury returned a guilty verdict on 17 of the remaining counts, including those pertaining to the Obama Senate seat. On December 7, 2011, Zagel sentenced former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich to 14 years in federal prison.
In 2008, Zagel was appointed by U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts to a seven-year term on the intelligence court.
Other interests.
Zagel had roles in two major motion pictures. He played a judge who had immigrated to Chicago many years earlier in the 1989 movie, "Music Box" and a physician in the 1991 movie, "Homicide", written and directed by David Mamet. Zagel performs in motion pictures under his stage name of J.S. Block.
In 2002, Zagel published a novel titled "Money to Burn", a fictional thriller about a plot to rob the Federal Reserve Bank.
Personal life.
Zagel and his first wife, Chicago Tribune investigative reporter Pam Zekman, divorced in 1975.
Zagel and his current wife, Margaret Maxwell "Peggy" Zagel, live in the Streeterville neighborhood in downtown Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="21347303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347303" title="Amnesia">
Amnesia

Amnesia (from Greek from ἀ- meaning "without" and μνήμη memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur. Recent studies have shown a correlation between deficiency of RbAp48 protein and memory loss. Scientists were able to find that mice with damaged memory have a lower level of RbAp48 protein compared to normal, healthy mice.
In people suffering with amnesia, the ability to recall "immediate information" is still retained, and they may still be able to form new memories. However, a severe reduction in the ability to learn new material and retrieve old information can be observed. Patients can learn new procedural knowledge. In addition, priming (both perceptual and conceptual) can assist amnesiacs in the learning of fresh non-declarative knowledge. Amnesic patients also retain substantial intellectual, linguistic, and social skill despite profound impairments in the ability to recall specific information encountered in prior learning episodes.
Discovery.
French psychologist Theodule-Armand Ribot was among the first scientists to study amnesia. He proposed Ribot's Law which states that there is a time gradient in retrograde amnesia. The law follows a logical progression of memory-loss due to disease. First, a patient loses the recent memories, then personal memories, and finally intellectual memories. He implied that the most recent memories were lost first.
Important case studies.
Case studies have played a large role in the discovery of amnesia and the parts of the brain that were affected. The studies gave important insight into how amnesia affects the brain. The studies also gave scientists the resources into improving their knowledge about amnesia and insight into a cure or prevention. There are several extremely important case studies: Henry Molaison, R.B, and G.D.
Henry Molaison.
Henry Molaison, formerly known as H.M., changed the way people thought of memory. He was a patient who suffered from severe epilepsy. Physicians were unable to control his seizures with drugs, so they tried a new approach involving brain surgery. Doctors removed his medial temporal lobe bilaterally by doing a temporal lobectomy. His epilepsy did improve, but Molaison lost the ability to form new long-term memories (anterograde amnesia). He exhibited normal short-term memory ability. If he was given a list of words, he would forget them in about a minute's time. In fact, he would forget that he was even given a list in the first place. Once Molaison stopped thinking about the lists he was unable to recall them again from long term memory. This gave researchers evidence that short-term and long-term memory are in fact two different processes. Even though he forgot about the lists, he was still able to learn things through his implicit memory. The psychologists would ask him to draw something on a piece of paper, but to look at the paper using a mirror. Though he could never remember ever doing that task, he would improve after doing it over and over again. This showed the psychologists that he was learning and remembering things unconsciously. Studies were completed consistently throughout Molaison’s lifetime to discover more about amnesia. Researchers did a 14-year follow-up study on Molaison. They studied him for a period of two weeks to learn more about his amnesia. After 14 years, Molaison still could not recall things that have happened since his surgery. However, he can still remember things that happened prior to the operation. Researchers also found that, when asked, Molaison could answer questions about national or international events, but he could not remember his own personal memories. After his death Molaison donated his brain to science, where they were able to discover the areas of the brain that had the lesions which caused his amnesia. This case study provided important insight to the areas of the brain that are affected in anterograde amnesia, as well as how amnesia works.
Patient R.B..
Patient R.B. was a normally functioning man up until the age of 52. At Age 50 he had been diagnosed with angina and had surgery for heart problems on two occasions. After an ischemic episode (reduction of blood to the brain) that was caused from a heart bypass surgery, R.B. demonstrated a loss of anterograde memory, but almost no loss of retrograde memory, with the exception of a couple of years before his surgery, and presented no sign of any other cognitive impairment. It wasn’t until after his death that researchers had the chance to examine his brain, when they found his lesions were restricted to the CA1 portion of the hippocampus. This case study led to important research involving the role of the hippocampus and the function of memory.
Patient G.D..
Patient G.D. was a white male born in 1940 who served in the Navy. He was diagnosed with chronic renal failure and received hemodialysis treatment for the rest of his life. In 1983, he went to the hospital for elective parathyroidectomy. He also had a left thyroid lobectomy because of the severe loss of blood in his left lobe. He began having cardiac problems as a result of the surgery and became very agitated. Even five days after being released from the hospital he was unable to remember what had happened to him. Aside from memory impairment, none of his other cognitive processes seemed to be affected. He did not want to be involved in much research, however, through memory tests he took with doctors, they were able to ascertain that his memory problems were present for the next 9.5 years until his death. After he died, his brain was donated to science, photographed, and preserved for future study.
Causes.
There are three generalized categories in which amnesia could be acquired by a person. The three categories are head trauma (example: head injuries), traumatic events (example: seeing something devastating to the mind), or physical deficiencies (example: atrophy of the hippocampus). The majority of amnesia and related memory issues derive from the first two categories as these are more common and the third could be considered a sub category of the first. 
Amongst specific causes of amnesia are the following:
Acquisition of new memories.
Patients with amnesia can learn new information, particularly non-declarative knowledge. However, some patients with dense anterograde amnesia do not remember the episodes during which they learned or observed the information previously.
Acquisition of new declarative information.
Some patients with anterograde amnesia can still acquire some semantic information, even though it might be more difficult and might remain rather unrelated to more general knowledge. H.M. could accurately draw a floor plan of the home in which he lived after surgery, even though he had not lived there in years. The reason patients couldn't form new episodic memories is likely because the CA1 region of the hippocampus was lesioned, and thus the hippocampus couldn't make connections to the cortex. After an ischemic episode following surgery, an MRI of patient R.B. showed his hippocampus to be intact except for a specific lesion restricted to the CA1 pyramidal cells.
Acquisition of new non-declarative information.
Some retrograde and anterograde amnesics are capable of non-declarative memory, including implicit learning and procedural learning. For example, some patients show improvement on the pseudorandom sequences experiment as healthy people do. Therefore, procedural learning can proceed independently of the brain system required for declarative memory. According to fMRI studies, the acquisition of procedural memories activates the basal ganglia, the premotor cortex and the supplementary motor area, regions which are not normally associated with the formation of declarative memories. This type of dissociation between declarative and procedural memory can also be found in patients with diencephalic amnesia such as Korsakoff’s syndrome. Another example demonstrated by some patients, such as K.C. and H.M, who have medial temporal damage and anterograde amnesia, still have perceptual priming. Those patients did well in the word fragment completion test.
Treatment.
Many forms of amnesia fix themselves without being treated. However, there are a few ways to cope with memory loss if that is not the case. One of these ways is cognitive or occupational therapy. In therapy, amnesiacs will develop the memory skills they have and try to regain some they have lost by finding which techniques help retrieve memories or create new retrieval paths. This may also include strategies for organizing information to remember it more easily and for improving understanding of lengthy conversation.
Another coping mechanism is taking advantage of technological assistance, such as a personal digital device to keep track of day-to-day tasks. Reminders can be set up for appointments, when to take medications, birthdays and other important events. Many pictures can also be stored to help amnesiacs remember names of friends, family and co-workers. Notebooks, wall calendars, pill reminders and photographs of people and places are low-tech memory aids that can help as well.
While there are no medications available to treat amnesia, underlying medical conditions can be treated to improve memory. Such conditions include but are not limited to low thyroid function, liver or kidney disease, stroke, depression, bipolar disorder and blood clots in the brain. Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome involves a lack of thiamin and replacing this vitamin by consuming thiamin-rich foods such as whole-grain cereals, legumes (beans and lentils), nuts, lean pork, and yeast. Treating alcoholism and preventing alcohol and illicit drug use can prevent further damage, but in most cases will not recover lost memory.
Although improvements occur when patients receive certain treatments, there is still no actual cure remedy for amnesia so far. To what extent the patient recovers and how long the amnesia will continue depends on the type and severity of the lesion.

</doc>
<doc id="21347315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347315" title="Linux kernel">
Linux kernel

The Linux kernel is a Unix-like operating system kernel used by a variety of operating systems based on it, which are usually in the form of Linux distributions. The Linux kernel is a prominent example of free and open source software.
The Linux kernel is released under the GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2) (plus some firmware images with various non-free licenses), and is developed by contributors worldwide. Day-to-day development discussions take place on the Linux kernel mailing list.
The Linux kernel was initially conceived and created in 1991 by Finnish computer science student Linus Torvalds. Linux rapidly accumulated developers and users who adapted code from other free software projects for use with the new operating system. The Linux kernel has received contributions from thousands of programmers.
History.
In April 1991, Linus Torvalds, a 21-year-old student at the University of Helsinki, Finland started working on some simple ideas for an operating system. He started with a task switcher in Intel 80386 assembly language and a terminal driver. On 25 August 1991, Torvalds posted the following to "comp.os.minix", a newsgroup on Usenet:
After that, many people contributed code to the project. Early on, the MINIX community contributed code and ideas to the Linux kernel. At the time, the GNU Project had created many of the components required for a free operating system, but its own kernel, GNU Hurd, was incomplete and unavailable. The BSD operating system had not yet freed itself from legal encumbrances. Despite the limited functionality of the early versions, Linux rapidly accumulated developers and users.
By September 1991, Linux version 0.01 was released on the FTP server (ftp.funet.fi) of the Finnish University and Research Network (FUNET). It had 10,239 lines of code. In October 1991, Linux version 0.02 was released.
In December 1991, Linux 0.11 was released. This version was the first to be self-hosted - Linux 0.11 could be compiled by a computer running Linux 0.11. When he released version 0.12 in February 1992, Torvalds adopted the GNU General Public License (GPL) over his previous self-drafted license, which had not permitted commercial redistribution.
A newsgroup known as "alt.os.linux" was started, and on 19 January 1992, the first post to alt.os.linux was made. On 31 March 1992, alt.os.linux became "comp.os.linux".
The X Window System was soon ported to Linux. In March 1992, Linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running X. This large version number jump (from 0.1x to 0.9x) was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent. However, this proved to be somewhat overoptimistic, and from 1993 to early 1994, 15 development versions of version 0.99 appeared.
On 14 March 1994, Linux 1.0.0 was released, with 176,250 lines of code. In March 1995, Linux 1.2.0 was released (310,950 lines of code).
Version 2 of Linux, released on 9 June 1996, was followed by additional major versions under the version 2 header:
Starting in 2004, the release process changed and new kernels started coming out on a regular schedule every 2–3 months, numbered 2.6.0, 2.6.1, up through 2.6.39.
On 21 July 2011 Linus Torvalds announced the release of Linux 3.0: "Gone are the 2.6.<bignum> days". The version bump is not about major technological changes when compared to Linux 2.6.39; it marks the kernel's 20th anniversary. The time-based release process remained the same.
As of 2013, the Linux 3.10 release had 15,803,499 lines of code.
Tanenbaum–Torvalds debate.
The fact that Linux is a monolithic kernel rather than a microkernel was the topic of a debate between Andrew S. Tanenbaum, the creator of MINIX, and Linus Torvalds. The debate, started in 1992 on the Usenet discussion group comp.os.minix, was about Linux and kernel architecture in general. Tanenbaum argued that microkernels are superior to monolithic kernels and that therefore Linux is obsolete. Unlike traditional monolithic kernels, device drivers in Linux are easily configured as loadable kernel modules and are loaded or unloaded while running the system. This subject was revisited on 9 May 2006, and on 12 May 2006 Tanenbaum wrote a position statement.
Legal aspects.
Licensing terms.
Initially, Torvalds released Linux under a license which forbade any commercial use. This was changed in version 0.12 to the GNU General Public License (GPL). This license allows distribution and sale of possibly modified and unmodified versions of Linux but requires that all those copies be released under the same license and be accompanied by the complete corresponding source code.
Torvalds has described licensing Linux under the GPL as the "best thing I ever did."
GPL version 3.
Currently, Linux is licensed only under version 2 of the GPL, without offering the licensee the option to choose "any later version", and there is some debate over how easily it could be changed to use later GPL versions such as version 3 (and whether this is even desirable). Torvalds himself specifically indicated upon the release of version 2.4.0 that his own code is only under version 2. However, the terms of the GPL state that if no version is specified, then any version may be used, and Alan Cox pointed out that very few other Linux contributors have specified a particular version of the GPL. In September 2006, a survey of 29 key kernel programmers indicated 28 preferred GPLv2 to the then-current GPLv3 draft. Torvalds commented, "I think a number of outsiders... believed that I personally was just the odd man out, because I've been so publicly not a huge fan of the GPLv3."
Loadable kernel modules.
It is debated whether loadable kernel modules (LKMs) are to be considered derivative works under copyright law, and thereby fall under the terms of the GPL.
Torvalds has stated his belief that LKMs using only a limited, "public" subset of the kernel interfaces can sometimes be non-derived works, thus allowing some binary-only drivers and other LKMs that are not licensed under the GPL. A very good example for this is the usage of DMA_BUF by the proprietary NVidia graphics drivers. DMA_BUF is a recent kernel feature (like the rest of the kernel, it is licensed under the GPL) that allows multiple GPUs to quickly copy data into each other's framebuffers. One possible use case would be Nvidia Optimus that pairs a fast GPU with an Intel integrated GPU, where the NVIDIA GPU writes into the Intel framebuffer when it is active. But, NVIDIA cannot use this infrastructure because it uses a technical means to enforce the rule that it can only be used by LKMs that are also GPL. Alan Cox replied on LKML, rejecting a request from one of their engineers to remove this technical enforcement from the API. Not all Linux kernel contributors agree with this interpretation, however, and even Torvalds agrees that many LKMs are clearly derived works, and indeed he writes that "kernel modules ARE derivative 'by default'".
On the other hand Torvalds has also said that "one gray area in particular is something like a driver that was originally written for another operating system (i.e. clearly not a derived work of Linux in origin). [...] THAT is a gray area, and _that_ is the area where I personally believe that some modules may be considered to not be derived works simply because they weren't designed for Linux and don't depend on any special Linux behaviour." Proprietary graphics drivers, in particular, are heavily discussed. Ultimately, it is likely that such questions can only be resolved by a court.
Firmware binary blobs.
One point of licensing controversy is Linux's use of firmware "binary blobs" to support several hardware devices. These files are under a variety of licenses, many of them restrictive and their exact underlying source code is usually unknown. In the year 2002 Richard Stallman stated why, in his point of view, such blobs make Linux partially non-free software, and that distributing Linux "violates the GPL" (which requires "complete corresponding source code" to be available). In 2008 Free Software Foundation Latin America started a project, Linux-libre, to create a completely free kernel without proprietary objects, which is used by some completely free distributions, such as those endorsed by the Free Software Foundation. On 15 December 2010 the Debian Project announced that the next Debian stable version would come with a kernel "stripped of all non-free firmware bits". This policy was continued with the sequel release of Debian 7 "Wheezy".
Trademark.
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States and some other countries. This is the result of an incident in which William Della Croce, Jr., who was not involved in the Linux project, trademarked the name and subsequently demanded royalties for its use. Several Linux backers retained legal counsel and filed suit against Della Croce. The issue was settled in August 1997 when the trademark was assigned to Linus Torvalds.
SCO litigation.
In March 2003, the SCO Group (SCO) filed a lawsuit against IBM claiming that IBM had violated copyrights that SCO claimed to hold over the Unix source code, by contributing portions of that code to Linux. Additionally, SCO sent letters to a number of companies warning that their use of Linux without a license from SCO may be a violation of copyright law, and claimed in the press that they would be suing individual Linux users. IBM then promised to defend its Linux customers on their behalf. This controversy has generated lawsuits by SCO against Novell, DaimlerChrysler (partially dismissed in July, 2004), and AutoZone, and retaliatory lawsuits by Red Hat and others against SCO.
In early 2007 SCO filed the specific details of the purported copyright infringement. Despite previous claims that SCO was the rightful owner of 1 million lines of code, they specified 326 lines of code, most of which were uncopyrightable.
In August 2007, the court in the Novell case ruled that SCO did not actually own the Unix copyrights to begin with, though the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in August 2009 that the question of who owned the copyright properly remained for a jury to answer. The jury case was decided on 30 March 2010 in Novell's favour.
Architecture.
Linux is a monolithic kernel. Device drivers and kernel extensions run in kernel space (ring 0 in many CPU architectures), with full access to the hardware, although some exceptions run in user space, for example filesystems based on FUSE. The graphics system most people use with Linux doesn't run in the kernel, in contrast to that found in Microsoft Windows. Unlike standard monolithic kernels, device drivers are easily configured as modules, and loaded or unloaded while running the system. Also unlike standard monolithic kernels, device drivers can be pre-empted under certain conditions. This latter feature was added to handle hardware interrupts correctly, and to improve support for symmetric multiprocessing. By choice, the Linux kernel has no Binary Kernel Interface.
The hardware is also incorporated into the file hierarchy. Device drivers interface to user applications via an entry in the /dev and/or /sys directories. Process information as well is mapped to the file system through the /proc directory.
Linux supports true preemptive multitasking (both in user mode and kernel mode), virtual memory, shared libraries, demand loading, shared copy-on-write executables (via KSM), memory management, the Internet protocol suite, and threading.
Programming language.
The Linux kernel is written in the version of the C programming language supported by GCC (which has introduced a number of extensions and changes to standard C), together with a number of short sections of code written in the assembly language (in GCC's "AT&T-style" syntax) of the target architecture. Because of the extensions to C it supports, GCC was for a long time the only compiler capable of correctly building the Linux kernel. In 2004, Intel claimed to have modified the kernel so that its C compiler also was capable of compiling it. There was another such reported success in 2009 with a modified 2.6.22 version of the kernel.
Since 2010, effort has been underway to build the Linux kernel with Clang, an alternative compiler for the C language; as of 12 April 2014, the official kernel could almost be compiled by Clang. The project dedicated to this effort is named "LLVMLinux" after the LLVM compiler infrastructure upon which Clang is built. By enabling the Linux kernel to be compiled by Clang, which, among other advantages, is known for its fast compilation times against GCC, the kernel developers may benefit from a faster workflow due to shorter compilation times.
Interfaces.
Conformance to standards is a general policy for the Linux kernel's internals.
Kernel-to-userspace API.
Source code portability ensures that a C program written by conforming to a standard can be successfully compiled and run on any system that also conforms to the same standard. The relevant standards, aiming to achieve source code portability of programs, that the development of the Linux kernel, the GNU C Library, and associated utilities tries to adhere to, are POSIX and the Single UNIX Specification. However, as of February 2014, no Linux distributions are branded as "UNIX" by The Open Group, mainly because of the costs of the conformance testing.
The Linux kernel API of the Linux kernel, representing the kernel's system call interface, is composed of the available system calls.
Kernel-to-userspace ABI.
Binary portability shall guarantee that any program once compiled for a given hardware platform, can be run in its compiled form on any other hardware platform that conforms to the standard. Binary portability is an essential requirement for the commercial viability of independent software vendor (ISV) applications built for the operating systems based on the Linux kernel. Binary compatibility is much more demanding than source code portability; as of February 2014, the only standard concerning itself with binary compatibility is the Linux Standard Base (LSB).
In-kernel API.
There are a couple of kernel internal APIs utilized between the different subsystems and subsystems of subsystems. Some of them have been kept stable over several releases, other have not. There are no guarantees regarding the in-kernel APIs. Maintainers and contributors are free to augment or change them at any time.
Examples of in-kernel APIs include software frameworks/APIs for the following classes of device drivers:
In-kernel ABI.
Strong interests in defining and maintaining a stable in-kernel ABI over several releases have been voiced repeatedly over time by parties, e.g. hardware manufactures, writing proprietary kernel modules and distributing binary-only software, e.g. device drivers.
By explicit choice the Linux kernel does not maintain a stable in-kernel ABI. The reasons are purely technical and not philosophical. Due to the absence of an in-kernel ABI that has to be kept stable over releases, the Linux kernel can keep a much higher rate of development.
Technical features.
Preemption.
The Linux kernel provides preemptive scheduling under certain conditions. Until kernel version 2.4, only user processes were preemptive, i.e., in addition to time quantum expiration, an execution of current process in user mode would be interrupted if higher dynamic priority processes entered codice_1 state. Towards Linux 2.6, an ability to interrupt a task executing kernel code was added, although with that not all sections of the kernel code can be preempted.
The Linux kernel contains different scheduler classes. By default the kernel uses a scheduler mechanism called the Completely Fair Scheduler introduced in the 2.6.23 version of the kernel. Internally this default-scheduler class is also known as codice_2, but the kernel also contains two real-time scheduling classes named codice_3 (realtime first-in-first-out) and codice_4 (realtime round-robin) both of which take precedence over the default class.
Through the use of the real-time Linux patch codice_5, support for full preemption of critical sections, interrupt handlers, and "interrupt disable" code sequences can be supported. Partial mainline integration of real-time Linux already brings some functionality to Linux mainline. Preemption improves latency, increases responsiveness, and makes Linux more suitable for desktop and real-time applications. Older versions of the kernel had a so-called big kernel lock for synchronization across the entire kernel. This was finally removed by Arnd Bergmann in 2011.
Additional scheduling policy known as codice_6, implementing the earliest deadline first algorithm (EDF), was added to the Linux scheduler in version 3.14 of the Linux kernel mainline, released on 30 March 2014.
Portability.
While not originally designed to be portable, Linux is now one of the most widely ported operating system kernels, running on a diverse range of systems from the ARM architecture to IBM Z/Architecture mainframe computers. The first port beyond Linux's original 386 architecture was to the Motorola 68000 platform by Amiga users, but to do this port they replaced major parts of the kernel, leading Torvalds to call it a fork and a "Linux-like operating system". With this experience in mind, Torvalds led a major restructure of the kernel code to facilitate the next port effort, to the DEC Alpha AXP platform, and support both 386 and Alpha in a single source tree.
Linux runs as the main operating system on IBM's Blue Gene supercomputers. As of June 2013, the Linux OS family has a 95.2% share of all systems on the TOP500 supercomputers list. Linux has also been ported to various handheld devices such as TuxPhone, Apple's iPod and iPhone. Some operating systems developed for mobile phones use modified versions of the Linux kernel, including Google Android, Firefox OS, HP webOS, and Nokia Maemo.
Kernel panic.
In Linux, a "panic" is an unrecoverable system error detected by the kernel, as opposed to similar errors detected by user space code. It is possible for kernel code to indicate such a condition by calling the codice_7 function located in the header file sys/system.h. However, most panics are the result of unhandled processor exceptions in kernel code, such as references to invalid memory addresses. These are typically indicative of a bug somewhere in the call chain leading to the panic. They can also indicate a failure of hardware, such as a failed RAM cell or errors in arithmetic functions in the processor caused by a processor bug, overheating/damaged processor, or a soft error.
Kernel oops.
A report of a bug in the kernel is called an "OOPS". These crash reports are automatically collected and can be sent upstream by various software, such as kerneloops, ABRT (Fedora) and apport (Ubuntu). KernelOops.org collected these reports and published statistics on their website.
Security.
Computer security is a much-publicized topic in relation to the Linux kernel, because a large number of bugs in the kernel can be potential security flaws, whether they allow privilege escalation or create denial-of-service attack vectors. Over the years, numerous such flaws were found and fixed in the Linux kernel. New security features are continuously implemented to address computer insecurity issues in the Linux kernel.
Critics have accused kernel developers of covering up security flaws or at least not announcing them. In response, in 2008, Linus Torvalds replied, "I personally consider security bugs to be just 'normal bugs'. I don't cover them up, but I also don't have any reason what-so-ever to think it's a good idea to track them and announce them as something special...one reason I refuse to bother with the whole security circus is that I think it glorifies—and thus encourages—the wrong behavior. It makes 'heroes' out of security people, as if the people who don't just fix normal bugs aren't as important. In fact, all the boring normal bugs are "way" more important, just because there's a lot more of them. I don't think some spectacular security hole should be glorified or cared about as being any more 'special' than a random spectacular crash due to bad locking."
At times, bugs have been corrected in Linux before other systems. In May 2012, a difference between the implementations of the codice_8 instruction in AMD and Intel processors was found to cause vulnerabilities in major systems such as Windows, FreeBSD, XenServer, and Solaris. The issue had been fixed in the Linux kernel since 2006.
Raw hardware devices are protected from direct access, and the file system has an inbuilt security system giving individual access to files on three levels, user only, group membership, and world access.
Long term releases with constant security updates are also available for most distributions. Reboot-less security updates can even be applied to the kernel by using technologies such as ksplice.
Feature history.
Version 1.0 of the Linux kernel was released on 14 March 1994. This release of the Linux kernel only supported single-processor i386-based computer systems. Portability became a concern, and so version 1.2 (released 7 March 1995) gained support for computer systems using processors based on the Alpha, SPARC, and MIPS architectures.
Version 2.0 was released 9 June 1996. There were 41 releases in the series. The major feature of 2.0 was SMP support (that is, support for multiple processors in a single system) and support for more types of processors.
Version 2.2 (released 26 January 1999) removed the global spinlock and provided improved SMP support, and added support for the m68k and PowerPC architectures as well as new file systems (including read-only support for Microsoft’s NTFS).
Version 2.4.0, released on 4 January 2001, contained support for ISA Plug and Play, USB, and PC Cards. It also included support for the PA-RISC processor from Hewlett-Packard. Development for 2.4."x" changed a bit in that more features were made available throughout the duration of the series, including: support for Bluetooth, Logical Volume Manager (LVM) version 1, RAID support, InterMezzo and ext3 file systems.
Version 2.6.0 was released on 18 December 2003. The development for 2.6."x" changed further towards including new features throughout the duration of the series. Among the changes that have been made in the 2.6 series are: integration of µClinux into the mainline kernel sources, PAE support, support for several new lines of CPUs, integration of ALSA into the mainline kernel sources, support for up to 232 users (up from 216), support for up to 229 process IDs (64-bit only, 32-bit arches still limited to 215), substantially increased the number of device types and the number of devices of each type, improved 64-bit support, support for file systems which support file sizes of up to 16 terabytes, in-kernel preemption, support for the Native POSIX Thread Library (NPTL), User-mode Linux integration into the mainline kernel sources, SELinux integration into the mainline kernel sources, InfiniBand support, and considerably more. Also notable are the addition of several file systems throughout the 2.6."x" releases: FUSE, JFS, XFS, ext4 and more. Details on the history of the 2.6 kernel series can be found in the ChangeLog files on the 2.6 kernel series source code release area of kernel.org.
Version 3.0 was released on 22 July 2011. Torvalds announced that the big change was, "NOTHING. Absolutely nothing." 30 May 2011 saw Torvalds announce, "...let's make sure we really make the next release not just an all new shiny number, but a good kernel too." After the expected 6–7 week development process, it would be released near the 20th anniversary of Linux.
In December 2012, Torvalds decided to reduce kernel complexity by removing support for i386 processors, making the 3.7 kernel series the last one still supporting the original processor. The same series unified support for the ARM processor.
Version 3.11, released on 2 September 2013, adds many new features such as new codice_9 flag for to reduce temporary file vulnerabilities, experimental AMD Radeon dynamic power management, low-latency network polling, and zswap (compressed swap cache).
Development.
The kernel changes made in year 2007 have been submitted by no less than 1900 developers but there may be a lot more because developers working in teams usually count as one. It is generally assumed that the community of Linux kernel developers is composed by 5000 or 6000 members. As of 2013, the 3.10 release of the Linux kernel had 15,803,499 lines of code; without a smart project management it would not be possible to keep such scale of development up and going.
The fact is, evolution often does odd (and "sub-optimal") things exactly because it does incremental changes which "do not break" at any point. It would be next to impossible to manage and coordinate all the development going on, to achieve set goals at set deadlines; instead, there are incremental changes, that by definition "do not break" at any point. As a result, any released version of the Linux kernel is fully usable, even if, for example, device drivers do not support all features of the hardware they are written for.
The conceptual architecture of the Linux kernel has proved its success; essential factors for this success were the provision for the organization of developers, and the provision for system extensibility. The Linux kernel's architecture was required to support a large number of independent volunteer developers; this requirement suggested that the system portions that require the most development—the hardware device drivers and the file and network protocols—be implemented in an extensible fashion. The Linux kernel's architecture chose to make these systems extensible using a data abstraction technique each hardware device driver is implemented as a separate module that supports a common interface. In this way, a single developer can add a new device driver, with minimal interaction required with other developers of the Linux kernel. The success of the kernel implementation by a large number of volunteer developers proves the correctness of this strategy.
Another important extension to the Linux kernel is the addition of more supported hardware platforms. The architecture of the system supports this extensibility by separating all hardware-specific code into distinct modules within each subsystem. In this way, a small group of developers can implement a port of the Linux kernel to a new hardware architecture by re-implementing only the machine-specific portions of the kernel.
Estimated cost to redevelop.
The cost to redevelop the Linux kernel version 2.6.0 in a traditional proprietary development setting has been estimated to be $612 million USD (€467 million euro, £394 million GBP) in 2004 prices using the COCOMO man-month estimation model. In 2006, a study funded by the European Union put the redevelopment cost of kernel version 2.6.8 higher, at €882 million euro ($1.14 billion USD, £744 million GBP).
This topic was revisited in October 2008 by Amanda McPherson, Brian Proffitt and Ron Hale-Evans. Using David A. Wheeler's methodology, they estimated redevelopment of the 2.6.25 kernel now costs $1.3 billion (part of a total $10.8 billion to redevelop Fedora 9). Again, Garcia-Garcia and Alonso de Magdaleno from University of Oviedo (Spain) estimate that the value annually added to kernel was about 100 million EUR between 2005 and 2007 and 225 million EUR in 2008, it would cost also more than one billion EUR (about 1.4 billion USD) to develop in the European Union.
As of 4 January 2011, using current LOC (lines of code) and wage numbers with David A. Wheeler's calculations it would cost approximately 3 billion USD (about 2.2 billion EUR) to redevelop the Linux kernel.
Development model.
The current development model of the Linux kernel is such that Linus Torvalds makes the releases of new versions, also called the "vanilla" or "mainline" kernels, meaning that they contain the main, generic branch of development. This branch is officially released as a new version approximately every ten weeks, after Torvalds does an initial round of integrating major changes made by all other programmers, and several rounds of bug-fix pre-releases.
In the current scheme, the main branch of development is not a traditional "stable" branch, instead it incorporates all kinds of changes, both the latest features as well as security and bug fixes. For users who do not want to risk updating to new versions containing code that may not be well tested, a separate set of "stable" branches exist, one for each released version, which are meant for people who just want the security and bug fixes, but not a whole new version. These branches are maintained by the "stable team" (Greg Kroah-Hartman, Chris Wright, and others).
The development model for Linux 2.6 was a significant change from the development model for Linux 2.5. Previously there was a stable branch (2.4) where only relatively minor and safe changes were merged, and an unstable branch (2.5), where bigger changes and cleanups were allowed. Both of these branches had been maintained by the same set of people, led by Torvalds. This meant that users would always have a well-tested 2.4 version with the latest security and bug fixes to use, though they would have to wait for the features which went into the 2.5 branch. The downside of this was that the "stable" kernel ended up so far behind that it no longer supported recent hardware and lacked needed features. In the late 2.5.x series kernel some maintainers elected to try and back port their changes to the stable series kernel which resulted in bugs being introduced into the 2.4.x series kernel. The 2.5 branch was then eventually declared stable and renamed to 2.6. But instead of opening an unstable 2.7 branch, the kernel developers decided to continue putting major changes into the 2.6 branch, which would then be released at a pace faster than 2.4.x but slower than 2.5.x. This had the desirable effect of making new features more quickly available and getting more testing of the new code, which was added in smaller batches and easier to test.
As a response to the lack of a "stable" kernel tree where people could coordinate the collection of bug fixes as such, in December 2005 Adrian Bunk announced that he would keep releasing 2.6.16.y kernels when the stable team moved on to 2.6.17. He also included some driver updates, making the maintenance of the 2.6.16 series very similar to the old rules for maintenance of a stable series such as 2.4. Since then, the "stable team" had been formed, and it would keep updating kernel versions with bug fixes. In October 2008 Adrian Bunk announced that he will maintain 2.6.27 for a few years as a replacement of 2.6.16. The stable team picked up on the idea and they continue to maintain that version and release bug fixes for it, in addition to others.
After the change of the development model with 2.6.x, developers continued to want what one might call an "unstable" kernel tree, one that changes as rapidly as new patches come in. Andrew Morton decided to repurpose his -mm tree from memory management to serve as the destination for all new and experimental code. In September 2007 Morton decided to stop maintaining this tree. In February 2008, Stephen Rothwell created the "linux-next" tree to serve as a place where patches aimed to be merged during the next development cycle are gathered. Several subsystem maintainers also adopted the suffix "-next" for trees containing code which is meant to be submitted for inclusion in the next release cycle.
Relation with Linux distributions.
Most Linux users run a kernel supplied by their Linux distribution. Some distributions ship the "vanilla" and/or "stable" kernels. However, several Linux distribution vendors (such as Red Hat and Debian) maintain another set of Linux kernel branches which are integrated into their products. These are by and large updated at a slower pace compared to the "vanilla" branch, and they usually include all fixes from the relevant "stable" branch, but at the same time they can also add support for drivers or features which had not been released in the "vanilla" version the distribution vendor started basing their branch from.
Maintenance.
While Linus Torvalds supervises code changes and releases to the latest kernel versions, he has delegated the maintenance of older versions to other programmers. Major releases as old as 2.0 (officially made obsolete with the kernel 2.2.0 release in January 1999) are maintained as needed, although at a very slow pace.
Revision control.
The Linux kernel source code used to be maintained without the help of an automated source code management system, mostly because of Linus Torvalds' dislike of centralized SCM systems.
In 2002, Linux kernel development switched to BitKeeper, an SCM system which satisfied Linus Torvalds' technical requirements. BitKeeper was made available to Linus and several others free of charge, but was not free software, which was a source of controversy. The system did provide some interoperability with free SCM systems such as CVS and Subversion.
In April 2005, however, efforts to reverse-engineer the BitKeeper system by Andrew Tridgell led BitMover, the company which maintained BitKeeper, to stop supporting the Linux development community. In response, Linus Torvalds and others wrote a new source code control system for the purpose, called Git. The new system was written within weeks, and in two months the first official kernel release was made using Git. Git soon developed into a separate project in its own right and gained wide adoption in the free software community.
Version numbering.
The Linux kernel has had three different numbering schemes.
The first scheme was used in the run-up to "1.0". The first version of the kernel was 0.01. This was followed by 0.02, 0.03, 0.10, 0.11, 0.12 (the first GPL version), 0.95, 0.96, 0.97, 0.98, 0.99 and then 1.0. From 0.95 on there were many patch releases between versions.
After the 1.0 release and prior to version 2.6, the number was composed as "A.B.C", where the number A denoted the kernel version, the number B denoted the major revision of the kernel, and the number C indicated the minor revision of the kernel. The kernel version was changed only when major changes in the code and the concept of the kernel occurred, twice in the history of the kernel: in 1994 (version 1.0) and in 1996 (version 2.0). Version 3.0 was released in 2011, but it was not a major change in kernel concept. The major revision was assigned according to the traditional even-odd system version numbering system. The minor revision had been changed whenever security patches, bug fixes, new features or drivers were implemented in the kernel.
In 2004, after version 2.6.0 was released, the kernel developers held several discussions regarding the release and version scheme and ultimately Linus Torvalds and others decided that a much shorter "time-based" release cycle would be beneficial. For about seven years, the first two numbers remained "2.6", and the third number was incremented with each new release, which rolled out after two to three months. A fourth number was sometimes added to account for bug and security fixes (only) to the kernel version. The even-odd system of alternation between stable and unstable was gone. Instead, development pre-releases are titled release candidates, which is indicated by appending the suffix '-rc' to the kernel version, followed by an ordinal number.
The first use of the fourth number occurred when a grave error, which required immediate fixing, was encountered in 2.6.8's NFS code. However, there were not enough other changes to legitimize the release of a new minor revision (which would have been 2.6.9). So, 2.6.8.1 was released, with the only change being the fix of that error. With 2.6.11, this was adopted as the new official versioning policy. Later it became customary to continuously back-port major bug-fixes and security patches to released kernels and indicate that by updating the fourth number.
On 29 May 2011, Linus Torvalds announced that the kernel version would be bumped to 3.0 for the release following 2.6.39, due to the minor version number getting too large and to commemorate the 20th anniversary of Linux. It continued the time-based release practice introduced with 2.6.0, but using the second number—e.g. 3.1 would follow 3.0 after a few months. An additional number (now the third number) would be added on when necessary to designate security and bug fixes, as for example with 3.0.18. , the latest stable version is 3.14. The major version number might be raised to 4 at some future date.
In addition to Linus's "-rc" development releases, sometimes the version will have a suffix such as "tip", indicating another development branch, usually (but not always) the initials of a person who made it. For example, "ck" stands for Con Kolivas, "ac" stands for Alan Cox, etc. Sometimes, the letters are related to the primary development area of the branch the kernel is built from, for example, "wl" indicates a wireless networking test build. Also, distributors may have their own suffixes with different numbering systems and for back-ports to their "enterprise" (i.e. stable but older) distribution versions.
Variants.
Variants of the Linux kernel include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21347326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347326" title="De Lancey Nicoll">
De Lancey Nicoll

De Lancey Nicoll (June 24, 1854 Shelter Island, Suffolk County, New York - March 31, 1931 Manhattan, New York City) was a New York County District Attorney.
Life.
De Lancey Nicoll was born on Shelter Island to Solomon Townsend Nicoll and Charlotte Anne Nicoll in 1854. He attended St.Paul's Schools in Concord, New Hampshire; and graduated from Princeton University in 1874, and from Columbia Law School in 1876.
After serving in private practice, he was appointed in 1885 Assistant New York County District Attorney by D.A. Randolph B. Martine. In November 1887, he ran on the Citizens Reform, Republican and Irving Hall (a faction of Anti-Tammany Democrats) tickets to succeed Martine as D.A., but was defeated by his fellow Assistant D.A. John R. Fellows who ran on the Tammany Hall/County Democracy (the larger faction of Anti-Tammany Democrats) ticket. Upon taking office in January 1888, Fellows dismissed Nicoll from the office of Assistant D.A. 
In November 1890, Nicoll ran on the Tammany Hall ticket to succeed Fellows as D.A., and was elected. On December 11, he married Maud Churchill, and their children were De Lancey Nicoll Jr. (1892-1957) and Josephine (1894-1915). Nicoll was D.A. from January 1891 until the end of 1893.
Afterwards he resumed the practice of law. In 1896 Nicoll was among the Democrats who repudiated William Jennings Bryan and campaigned for Republican William McKinley. In 1904, he was chosen by Chairman Thomas Taggart Vice Chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
He successfully represented Joseph Pulitzer and the "New York World" in a libel case that went to the U.S. Supreme Court in 1910 regarding press freedom. During the 1908 U.S. presidential campaign, the "New York World" had published an account of how a consortium involving President Theodore Roosevelt's brother-in-law Douglas Robinson, U.S. Secretary of War William H. Taft's brother Charles P. Taft, William Nelson Cromwell and J. P. Morgan had bought the French Panama Canal company for US$4,000,000 and re-sold it to the U.S. government for US$40,000,000, thus netting a fortune of about US$36,000,000.
He died at his home at 23 East 39th Street in Manhattan, and left a fortune of nearly a million and a half dollars.
State Senator Courtlandt Nicoll (1880–1938) was his nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="21347327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347327" title="2002 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2002 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2002 CHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament was played between March 14 and March 16, 2002 at Dwyer Arena in Lewiston, New York. Wayne State defeated Alabama-Huntsville 5–4 in overtime in the championship game to win the tournament for the second consecutive year.
Format.
The tournament featured six team for the first time. The top two teams from the regular season received byes to the semifinals where they played the winners from the quarterfinal games. The two semifinal winners met in the championship game on March 16, 2002.
Conference Standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)

</doc>
<doc id="21347350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347350" title="Air Greenland destinations">
Air Greenland destinations

Air Greenland domestic airport network includes all 13 civilian airports within Greenland. Two international airports capable of serving large airliners−Kangerlussuaq Airport and Narsarsuaq Airport−were formerly used as U.S. Air Force military bases, and have been used for transatlantic flights.
All other regional airports are STOL-capable, and are served with de Havilland Canada Dash 7 and de Havilland Canada Dash-8 Q200 fixed-wing aircraft. Outside Greenland, the airline operates transatlantic flights to Keflavík International Airport in Iceland, and to Copenhagen Airport in Denmark.
Smaller communities are served by settlement flights from the local helicopter hubs in Upernavik Airport in the Upernavik Archipelago in northwestern Greenland, in Uummannaq Heliport in the Uummannaq Fjord region in northwestern Greenland, Ilulissat Airport and Aasiaat Airport in the Disko Bay region in western Greenland, in Qaqortoq Heliport and Nanortalik Heliport in southern Greenland, and in Tasiilaq Heliport in southeastern Greenland. Out of 45 heliports served, 8 are primary, the remainder are helistops.
The following is a list of destinations served by Air Greenland (GL).
Airports.
As of May 2010, Air Greenland operates scheduled passenger flights to the following airports:
Primary heliports.
As of May 2010, Air Greenland operates scheduled passenger flights to the following primary heliports:
Helistops.
As of May 2010, Air Greenland operates scheduled settlement flights to the following district helistops:

</doc>
<doc id="21347355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347355" title="Antonio Herin">
Antonio Herin

Antonio Herin (born 1896, date of death unknown) was an Italian cross-country skier.
Herin finished 13th at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix at the competition of 18-km-cross-country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="21347361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347361" title="Edmond post office shooting">
Edmond post office shooting

The Edmond post office shooting was a mass shooting that took place in Edmond, Oklahoma on August 20, 1986. Postal worker Patrick Sherrill shot twenty co-workers, killing fourteen of them, before committing suicide.
This incident attained national infamy, becoming the United States' third worst single-gunman spree killing at the time. To date, this attack remains the deadliest incident of civilian workplace violence in American history. The incident was the first of several high profile shootings in post offices across the country that took place in subsequent years. Sherrill's explosive reaction to working conditions has been credited with inspiring the American phrase "going postal".
Shooting.
Shortly after 7:00 a.m., Sherrill entered his workplace at 200 N Broadway and began his deadly rampage by shooting Richard Esser Jr., one of two supervisors who had verbally disciplined him the previous day. Bill Bland was the other supervisor; fortunately for Bland he had overslept and was an hour late to work, by which time the shootings were already over. (Notably, Sherrill's second victim was Paul Michael "Mike" Rockne, grandson of legendary Notre Dame football coach Knute Rockne.)
Eighty to one hundred workers were in the small facility at the time of the attack. Sherrill sealed off exits and pursued his victims in a massacre that lasted approximately fifteen minutes. Fourteen people died at the scene, and six others were wounded and taken to nearby hospitals. The day's dramatic end came when Sherrill shot himself in the forehead.
Possible motives.
Sherrill was a relief carrier, meaning he was often required to work alternate routes on different days and possibly did not rank the same job stability of other USPS workers. Opinions vary concerning his job performance. Some reports portray him as an erratic, irritable worker; others claim he performed well and was being picked on by management. In any case, on the afternoon of Aug. 19, 1986 Sherrill was reprimanded by supervisors Esser and Bland. Anger over this reprimand, coupled with anxiety that he was going to be fired, could be possible motives behind the attack the following morning.
Investigation.
In addition to investigation by local law enforcement and the medical examiner's office, the incident was investigated by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. The final report issued by the service included among other items interviews of the employees and Sherril's work records. It included fifty-nine Exhibit sections and a total of 7,000 pages. Copies were made available to each postal employee upon request.
Perpetrator.
Patrick Henry Sherrill was born November 13, 1941 in Watonga, Oklahoma and had served in the Marines. He was considered an expert marksman and was a member of a National Guard pistol team.
Subsequent postal shooting incidents.
The 1986 Edmond incident was the first of several highly publicized postal shootings.

</doc>
<doc id="21347364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347364" title="Unix">
Unix

Unix is a multitasking, multiuser computer operating system that exists in many variants. The original Unix was developed at AT&T's Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, and others.
From the power user's or programmer's perspective, Unix systems are characterized by a modular design that is sometimes called the "Unix philosophy," meaning the OS provides a set of simple tools that each perform a limited, well-defined function, with a unified filesystem as the main means of communication and a shell scripting and command language to combine the tools to perform complex workflows.
The C programming language was designed by Dennis Ritchie as a systems programming language for Unix, allowing for portability beyond the initial PDP-11 development platform and the use of Unix on numerous computing platforms.
During the late 1970s and 1980s, Unix developed into a standard operating system for academia. AT&T tried to commercialize it by licensing the OS to third-party vendors, leading to a variety of both academic (e.g., BSD) and commercial variants of Unix (such as Xenix) and eventually to the "Unix wars" between groups of vendors. AT&T finally sold its rights in Unix to Novell in the early 1990s. Novell sold its Unix business to the Santa Cruz Operation (SCO) in 1995.
The official trademark of the operating system is specified as UNIX. It is owned by The Open Group, an industry standards consortium, which allows the use of the mark for certified operating systems compliant with the Single UNIX Specification. Other operating systems that emulate Unix to some extent are often called "Unix-like", although the Open Group disapproves of this term. The term "Unix" is also often used informally to denote any operating system that closely resembles the trademarked system. The most common version of Unix (bearing certification) is Apple's OS X, while Linux is the most popular non-certified workalike.
Overview.
Originally, Unix was meant to be a programmer's workbench to be used for developing software to be run on multiple platforms more than to be used to run application software. The system grew larger as the operating system started spreading in the academic circle, as users added their own tools to the system and shared them with colleagues.
Unix was designed to be portable, multi-tasking and multi-user in a time-sharing configuration. Unix systems are characterized by various concepts: the use of plain text for storing data; a hierarchical file system; treating devices and certain types of inter-process communication (IPC) as files; and the use of a large number of software tools, small programs that can be strung together through a command line interpreter using pipes, as opposed to using a single monolithic program that includes all of the same functionality. These concepts are collectively known as the "Unix philosophy." Brian Kernighan and Rob Pike summarize this in "The Unix Programming Environment" as "the idea that the power of a system comes more from the relationships among programs than from the programs themselves."
Unix operating systems are widely used in servers, workstations, and mobile devices. The Unix environment and the client–server program model were essential elements in the development of the Internet and the reshaping of computing as centered in networks rather than in individual computers.
Both Unix and the C programming language were developed by AT&T and distributed to government and academic institutions, which led to both being ported to a wider variety of machine families than any other operating system. As a result, Unix became synonymous with open systems.
Under Unix, the operating system consists of many utilities along with the master control program, the kernel. The kernel provides services to start and stop programs, handles the file system and other common "low level" tasks that most programs share, and schedules access to avoid conflicts when programs try to access the same resource or device simultaneously. To mediate such access, the kernel has special rights, reflected in the division between user-space and kernel-space.
The microkernel concept was introduced in an effort to reverse the trend towards larger kernels and return to a system in which most tasks were completed by smaller utilities. In an era when a standard computer consisted of a hard disk for storage and a data terminal for input and output (I/O), the Unix file model worked quite well, as most I/O was linear. However, modern systems include networking and other new devices. As graphical user interfaces developed, the file model proved inadequate to the task of handling asynchronous events such as those generated by a mouse. In the 1980s, non-blocking I/O and the set of inter-process communication mechanisms were augmented with Unix domain sockets, shared memory, message queues, and semaphores. In microkernel implementations, functions such as network protocols could be moved out of the kernel. Conventional (monolithic) Unix implementations have network protocol stacks as part of the kernel.
History.
The history of Unix dates back to the mid-1960s when the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, AT&T Bell Labs, and General Electric were developing an experimental time sharing operating system called Multics for the GE-645 mainframe.
Multics introduced many innovations, but had many problems. Bell Labs, frustrated by the size and complexity of Multics but not the aims, slowly pulled out of the project. Their last researchers to leave Multics, Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, M. D. McIlroy, and J. F. Ossanna, decided to redo the work on a much smaller scale.
In 1970, Peter Neumann coined the project name "UNICS" (UNiplexed Information and Computing Service) as a pun on "Multics" (Multiplexed Information and Computer Services): the new operating system was an emasculated Multics.
In 1972, Unix was rewritten in the C programming language. The migration from assembly to the higher-level language C, resulted in much more portable software, requiring only a relatively small amount of machine-dependent code to be replaced when porting Unix to other computing platforms. Bell Labs produced several versions of Unix that are collectively referred to as Research Unix.
During the late 1970s and early 1980s, the influence of Unix in academic circles led to large-scale adoption of Unix (BSD and System V) by commercial startups, some of the most notable of which are Sequent, HP-UX, Solaris, AIX, and Xenix. In the late 1980s, System V Release 4 (SVR4) was developed by AT&T Unix System Laboratories and Sun Microsystems. SVR4 was subsequently adopted by many commercial Unix vendors.
In the 1990s, Unix-like systems grew in popularity as Linux and BSD distributions were developed through collaboration by a worldwide network of programmers. Later, Apple also released Darwin, which became the core of the OS X operating system.
Standards.
Beginning in the late 1980s, an open operating system standardization effort now known as POSIX provided a common baseline for all operating systems; IEEE based POSIX around the common structure of the major competing variants of the Unix system, publishing the first POSIX standard in 1988. In the early 1990s, a separate but very similar effort was started by an industry consortium, the Common Open Software Environment (COSE) initiative, which eventually became the Single UNIX Specification administered by The Open Group. Starting in 1998, the Open Group and IEEE started the Austin Group, to provide a common definition of POSIX and the Single UNIX Specification.
In 1999, in an effort towards compatibility, several Unix system vendors agreed on SVR4's Executable and Linkable Format (ELF) as the standard for binary and object code files. The common format allows substantial binary compatibility among Unix systems operating on the same CPU architecture.
The Filesystem Hierarchy Standard was created to provide a reference directory layout for Unix-like operating systems, and has mainly been used in Linux.
Components.
The Unix system is composed of several components that are normally packaged together. By includingin addition to the kernel of an operating systemthe development environment, libraries, documents, and the portable, modifiable source-code for all of these components, Unix was a self-contained software system. This was one of the key reasons it emerged as an important teaching and learning tool and has had such a broad influence.
The inclusion of these components did not make the system large the original V7 UNIX distribution, consisting of copies of all of the compiled binaries plus all of the source code and documentation occupied less than 10 MB, and arrived on a single 9-track magnetic tape. The printed documentation, typeset from the on-line sources, was contained in two volumes.
The names and filesystem locations of the Unix components have changed substantially across the history of the system. Nonetheless, the V7 implementation is considered by many to have the canonical early structure:
Impact.
The Unix system had significant impact on other operating systems. It won its success by:
It was written in a high level language rather than assembly language (which had been thought necessary for systems implementation on early computers). Although this followed the lead of Multics and Burroughs, it was Unix that popularized the idea.
Unix had a drastically simplified file model compared to many contemporary operating systems: treating all kinds of files as simple byte arrays. The file system hierarchy contained machine services and devices (such as printers, terminals, or disk drives), providing a uniform interface, but at the expense of occasionally requiring additional mechanisms such as ioctl and mode flags to access features of the hardware that did not fit the simple "stream of bytes" model. The Plan 9 operating system pushed this model even further and eliminated the need for additional mechanisms.
Unix also popularized the hierarchical file system with arbitrarily nested subdirectories, originally introduced by Multics. Other common operating systems of the era had ways to divide a storage device into multiple directories or sections, but they had a fixed number of levels, often only one level. Several major proprietary operating systems eventually added recursive subdirectory capabilities also patterned after Multics. DEC's RSX-11M's "group, user" hierarchy evolved into VMS directories, CP/M's volumes evolved into MS-DOS 2.0+ subdirectories, and HP's MPE group.account hierarchy and IBM's SSP and OS/400 library systems were folded into broader POSIX file systems.
Making the command interpreter an ordinary user-level program, with additional commands provided as separate programs, was another Multics innovation popularized by Unix. The Unix shell used the same language for interactive commands as for scripting (shell scripts – there was no separate job control language like IBM's JCL). Since the shell and OS commands were "just another program", the user could choose (or even write) his own shell. New commands could be added without changing the shell itself. Unix's innovative command-line syntax for creating modular chains of producer-consumer processes (pipelines) made a powerful programming paradigm (coroutines) widely available. Many later command-line interpreters have been inspired by the Unix shell.
A fundamental simplifying assumption of Unix was its focus on newline-delimited text for nearly all file formats. There were no "binary" editors in the original version of Unix – the entire system was configured using textual shell command scripts. The common denominator in the I/O system was the byte – unlike "record-based" file systems. The focus on text for representing nearly everything made Unix pipes especially useful, and encouraged the development of simple, general tools that could be easily combined to perform more complicated "ad hoc" tasks. The focus on text and bytes made the system far more scalable and portable than other systems. Over time, text-based applications have also proven popular in application areas, such as printing languages (PostScript, ODF), and at the application layer of the Internet protocols, e.g., FTP, SMTP, HTTP, SOAP, and SIP.
Unix popularized a syntax for regular expressions that found widespread use. The Unix programming interface became the basis for a widely implemented operating system interface standard (POSIX, see above).
The C programming language soon spread beyond Unix, and is now ubiquitous in systems and applications programming.
Early Unix developers were important in bringing the concepts of modularity and reusability into software engineering practice, spawning a "software tools" movement. Over time, the leading developers of Unix (and programs that ran on it) established a set of cultural norms for developing software, norms which became as important and influential as the technology of Unix itself; this has been termed the Unix philosophy.
The TCP/IP networking protocol was quickly implemented on widely used versions of Unix on relatively inexpensive computers, which contributed to the Internet explosion of worldwide real-time connectivity, and which formed the basis for implementations on many other platforms.
The Unix policy of extensive on-line documentation and (for many years) ready access to all system source code raised programmer expectations, and contributed to the 1983 launch of the free software movement.
Free Unix and Unix-like operating systems.
In 1983, Richard Stallman announced the GNU project, an ambitious effort to create a free software Unix-like system; "free" in the sense that everyone who received a copy would be free to use, study, modify, and redistribute it. The GNU project's own kernel development project, GNU Hurd, had not produced a working kernel, but in 1991 Linus Torvalds released the Linux kernel as free software under the GNU General Public License. In addition to their use in the Linux operating system, many GNU packages – such as the GNU Compiler Collection (and the rest of the GNU toolchain), the GNU C library and the GNU core utilities – have gone on to play central roles in other free Unix systems as well.
Linux distributions, consisting of the Linux kernel and large collections of compatible software have become popular both with individual users and in business. Popular distributions include Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Fedora, SUSE Linux Enterprise, openSUSE, Debian GNU/Linux, Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Mandriva Linux, Slackware Linux, MEPIS, and Gentoo.
A free derivative of BSD Unix, 386BSD, was released in 1992 and led to the NetBSD and FreeBSD projects. With the 1994 settlement of a lawsuit brought against the University of California and Berkeley Software Design Inc. (USL v. BSDi) by UNIX Systems Laboratories, it was clarified that Berkeley had the right to distribute BSD Unix for free, if it so desired. Since then, BSD Unix has been developed in several different product branches, including OpenBSD and DragonFly BSD.
Linux and BSD are increasingly filling the market needs traditionally served by proprietary Unix operating systems, as well as expanding into new markets such as the consumer desktop and mobile and embedded devices. Because of the modular design of the Unix model, sharing components is relatively common; consequently, most or all Unix and Unix-like systems include at least some BSD code, and some systems also include GNU utilities in their distributions.
In a 1999 interview, Dennis Ritchie clarified his opinion, that Linux and BSD operating systems are a continuation of the basis of the Unix design, and as derivatives of Unix:
In the same interview, he states that he views both Unix and Linux as "the continuation of ideas that were started by Ken and me and many others, many years ago."
OpenSolaris was the open-source counterpart to Solaris developed by Sun Microsystems, which included a CDDL-licensed kernel and a primarily GNU userland. However, Oracle discontinued the project upon their acquisition of Sun, which prompted a group of former Sun employees and members of the OpenSolaris community to fork OpenSolaris into the illumos kernel. As of 2014, illumos remains the only active open-source System V derivative.
2038.
Unix stores system time values as the number of seconds from midnight 1 January 1970 (the "Unix Epoch") in variables of type codice_1, historically defined as "signed long". On 19 January 2038 on 32 bit Unix systems, the current time will roll over from a zero followed by 31 ones (codice_2) to a one followed by 31 zeros (codice_3), which will reset time to the year 1901 or 1970, depending on implementation, because that toggles the sign bit.
Since times before 1970 are rarely represented in Unix time, one possible solution that is compatible with existing binary formats would be to redefine codice_1 as "unsigned 32-bit integer". However, such a kludge merely postpones the problem to 7 February 2106, and could introduce bugs in software that computes time differences.
Some Unix versions have already addressed this. For example, in Solaris and Linux in 64-bit mode, codice_1 is 64 bits long, meaning that the OS itself and 64-bit applications will correctly handle dates for some 292 billion years. Existing 32-bit applications using a 32-bit codice_1 continue to work on 64-bit Solaris systems but are still prone to the 2038 problem. Some vendors have introduced an alternative 64-bit type and corresponding API, without addressing uses of the standard codice_1. The NetBSD Project decided to instead bump codice_1 to 64-bit in its 6th major release for both 32-bit and 64-bit architectures, supporting 32-bit codice_1 in applications compiled for a former NetBSD release via its binary compatibility layer.
ARPANET.
In May 1975, RFC 681 described the development of "Network Unix" by the Center for Advanced Computation at the University of Illinois. The system was said to "present several interesting capabilities as an ARPANET mini-host". At the time Unix required a license from Bell Laboratories that at $20,000(US) was very expensive for non-university users, while an educational license cost just $150. It was noted that Bell was "open to suggestions" for an ARPANET-wide license.
Specific features found beneficial were:
Branding.
In October 1993, Novell, the company that owned the rights to the Unix System V source at the time, transferred the trademarks of Unix to the X/Open Company (now The Open Group), and in 1995 sold the related business operations to Santa Cruz Operation (SCO). Whether Novell also sold the copyrights to the actual software was the subject of a 2006 federal lawsuit, SCO v. Novell, which Novell won. The case was appealed, but on 30 Aug 2011, the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit affirmed the trial decisions, closing the case. Unix vendor SCO Group Inc. accused Novell of slander of title.
The present owner of the trademark "UNIX" is The Open Group, an industry standards consortium. Only systems fully compliant with and certified to the Single UNIX Specification qualify as "UNIX" (others are called "Unix system-like" or "Unix-like").
By decree of The Open Group, the term "UNIX" refers more to a class of operating systems than to a specific implementation of an operating system; those operating systems which meet The Open Group's Single UNIX Specification should be able to bear the UNIX 98 or UNIX 03 trademarks today, after the operating system's vendor pays a substantial certification fee and annual trademark royalties to The Open Group. Systems licensed to use the UNIX trademark include AIX, HP-UX, IRIX, Solaris, Tru64 (formerly "Digital UNIX"), A/UX, OS X, and a part of z/OS.
Sometimes a representation like "Un*x", "*NIX", or "*N?X" is used to indicate all operating systems similar to Unix. This comes from the use of the asterisk ("*") and the question mark characters as wildcard indicators in many utilities. This notation is also used to describe other Unix-like systems, e.g., Linux, BSD, etc., that have not met the requirements for UNIX branding from the Open Group.
The Open Group requests that "UNIX" is always used as an adjective followed by a generic term such as "system" to help avoid the creation of a genericized trademark.
"Unix" was the original formatting, but the usage of "UNIX" remains widespread because it was once typeset in small caps ("Unix"). according to Dennis Ritchie, when presenting the original Unix paper to the third Operating Systems Symposium of the American Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), "we had a new typesetter and "troff" had just been invented and we were intoxicated by being able to produce small caps." Many of the operating system's predecessors and contemporaries used all-uppercase lettering, so many people wrote the name in upper case due to force of habit. It is not an acronym.
Several plural forms of Unix are used casually to refer to multiple brands of Unix and Unix-like systems. Most common is the conventional "Unixes", but "Unices", treating Unix as a Latin noun of the third declension, is also popular. The pseudo-Anglo-Saxon plural form "Unixen" is not common, although occasionally seen. Trademark names can be registered by different entities in different countries and trademark laws in some countries allow the same trademark name to be controlled by two different entities if each entity uses the trademark in easily distinguishable categories. The result is that Unix has been used as a brand name for various products including book shelves, ink pens, bottled glue, diapers, hair driers and food containers.

</doc>
<doc id="21347368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347368" title="A Chorus of Disapproval (play)">
A Chorus of Disapproval (play)

A Chorus of Disapproval is a 1984 play written by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Synopsis.
The story follows a young widower, Guy Jones, as he joins an amateur operatic society that is putting on "The Beggar's Opera". He rapidly progresses through the ranks to become the male lead, while simultaneously conducting liaisons with several of the female cast. Many of the songs from "The Beggar's Opera" are kept within the play, usually being sung with their own, new context.
First productions.
Ayckbourn wrote the work for the 1984 summer season at his Stephen Joseph Theatre, Scarborough, where it opened on 2 May. Peter Hall, director of the National Theatre, London, had expressed an interest in the piece and Ayckbourn modified his initial concept to suit an eventual large-scale production; on 1 August 1985 it opened in the National's Olivier auditorium, with Ayckbourn directing, Michael Gambon playing amateur director Dafydd Llewellyn and Bob Peck as newcomer Guy Jones. The female leads were Gemma Craven, Imelda Staunton and Kelly Hunter.

</doc>
<doc id="21347369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347369" title="Paul Langheinrich">
Paul Langheinrich

Paul Langheinrich (1895–1979) was a German genealogist who saved a large number of German records that might have otherwise been destroyed from 1945 to 1953. His records were the base of the German Records Collection of the Family History Library as well as the main initial component of the Deutsche Zentralstelle fur Genealogie.
Many of the records Langheinrich gathered were hid in mines and other out of the way places in East Germany. He microfilmed many records that he was not able to move, and most of those were destroyed.
Langheinrich was born in Oberplanitz in the state of Saxony then part of the German Empire. He was a Latter-day Saint. He had joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) on November 28, 1919. Because of his membership in the church he became interested in genealogy. He was heavily involved in collecting genealogical records between the end of World War II and the end of 1953 when he emigrated to Salt Lake City, Utah. When he began his efforts to gather up and preserve the records, he was serving as a counselor in the presidency of the LDS Church's East German Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="21347370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347370" title="Michael Norell">
Michael Norell

Michael Alden Norell (October 4, 1937 Wallace, Idaho) is an American screenwriter/actor, and executive producer that starred as Captain Henry "Hank" Stanley in the Jack Webb produced television series "Emergency!" from 1973 to 1978.
Norell was born in Wallace, Idaho. His family moved to follow his father who was in the Army, and who ultimately retired with the rank of Brigadier General. His father was sent to Korea during the war. The family lived in Tokyo, Japan. Norell returned to the States after the war and attended Falls Church High School in Virginia where he acted in several school plays. He attended college at Washington and Lee University where he majored in journalism.
After graduating college Norell entered the Army where he spent the next five years, leaving with the rank of Captain. After his stint in the Army he went to work for the "Richmond Times-Dispatch". He went to New York City not too long after returning to civilian life and worked at acting full-time. Six months later he arrived in Hollywood where he won the role of Captain Henry "Hank" Stanley for the show "Emergency!".
After "Emergency!" ended, Norell turned to screenwriting, drawing from his experience writing scripts for "Emergency!". He wrote for shows such as "The Love Boat", ', "Nash Bridges", and "The Magnificent Seven", among others. His screenwriting credits also include several made-for-TV movies such as, "Doomsday Rock", "Three on a Date", "The Covergirl and the Cop", "Pals", "Barnum", "Christmas Comes to Willow Creek", and "The Incident" of which he was nominated for an Emmy Award. Other films include "The Diamond Fleece", "Long Gone", and '. Norell created, and was executive producer for the short-lived "Love Boat" clone "Aloha Paradise".

</doc>
<doc id="21347389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347389" title="Co-danthrusate">
Co-danthrusate

Co-danthrusate is a combination of dantron and docusate. Dantron is a mild peristaltic stimulant which acts on the lower bowel to encourage normal bowel movement without causing irritation. It belongs to the group of medicines under the term stimulant laxative. It stimulates the nerves in the stomach wall which causes the stomach muscles to contract. This medicine is used for analgesic-induced constipation. It takes six to twelve hours to work. This can cause discoloration of urine and bowel and liver tumors.
Co-danthramer is dantron plus poloxamer. It is (in the U.K.) only to be prescribed to terminally ill patients due to carcinogen reactions in rats. It is often prescribed to people taking long term opioid, because it relaxes the effect of opioid induced constipation. It will not alleviate the symptoms of opioid induced delayed gastric emptying and abdominal cramps.

</doc>
<doc id="21347393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347393" title="Jayalal Rohana">
Jayalal Rohana

Jayalal Rohana is a Theater Director,Writer,Actor,Makeup Artist And Sinhala Radio Play writer in Sri Lanka. He has won greater reputation from his bright career as an actor in Television after was a best actor Sumathi in Tele awards competition. Jayalal Rohana did a huge contribution to teach drama and theater to students since Last 25 years as a freelance Dramatist in Sri Lanka.
Early life.
He was studied at Ananda Sastralaya, Kotte in 1976.
A winner of many awards of Youth Drama Festivals, and "Loka" was his prime achievement where he received awards in 1987 except for the Script and Best Actor.
He graduated External bachelor of Arts from the University of Peradeniya in 2007 and, Masters of Drama and Theater University of Kelaniya in 2009 according to evidence of examination departments of universities.

</doc>
<doc id="21347411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347411" title="Chemical compound">
Chemical compound

A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions. Chemical compounds have a unique and defined chemical structure; they consist of a fixed ratio of atoms that are held together in a defined spatial arrangement by chemical bonds. Chemical compounds can be molecular compounds held together by covalent bonds, salts held together by ionic bonds, intermetallic compounds held together by metallic bonds, or complexes held together by coordinate covalent bonds. Pure chemical elements are not considered chemical compounds, even if they consist of molecules that contain only multiple atoms of a single element (such as H2, S8, etc.), which are called diatomic molecules or polyatomic molecules.
Wider definitions.
There are exceptions to the definition above, and many solid chemical materials familiar on Earth (for example many silicate minerals) do not have simple formulas in which various elements that are chemically bonded to each other stand in exact and fixed ratios. These crystalline compounds are called "non-stoichiometric compounds". They vary in composition due to either the presence of foreign elements trapped within the crystal structure or a deficit or excess of the constituent elements. Such non-stoichiometric chemical compounds form most of the crust and mantle of the Earth. 
Other compounds regarded as chemically identical may have varying amounts of heavy or light isotopes of the constituent elements, which changes the ratio of elements by mass slightly.
Elementary concepts.
Characteristic properties of compounds:
Example- 2 atoms of hydrogen + 1 atom of oxygen becomes 1 molecule of compound-water.
Elements that comprise a compound do not retain their original properties.
For example, hydrogen (combustible and non-supportive of combustion) + oxygen (non-combustible and supportive of combustion) becomes water (non-combustible and non-supportive of combustion)
Valency is the number of hydrogen atoms that can combine with one atom of the element to form a compound.
Compounds compared to mixtures.
The physical and chemical properties of compounds differ from those of their constituent elements. This is one of the main criteria that distinguish a compound from a mixture of elements or other substances—in general, a mixture's properties are closely related to, and depend on, the properties of its constituents. Another criterion that distinguishes a compound from a mixture is that constituents of a mixture can usually be separated by simple mechanical means, such as filtering, evaporation, or magnetic force, but components of a compound can be separated only by a chemical reaction. However, mixtures can be created by mechanical means alone, but a compound can be created (either from elements or from other compounds, or a combination of the two) only by a chemical reaction. 
Some mixtures are so intimately combined that they have some properties similar to compounds and may easily be mistaken for compounds. One example is alloys. Alloys are made mechanically, most commonly by heating the constituent metals to a liquid state, mixing them thoroughly, and then cooling the mixture quickly so that the constituents are trapped in the base metal. Other examples of compound-like mixtures include intermetallic compounds and solutions of alkali metals in a liquid form of ammonia.
Formula.
Chemists describe compounds using formulas in various formats. For compounds that exist as molecules, the formula for the molecular unit is shown. For polymeric materials, such as minerals and many metal oxides, the empirical formula is normally given, e.g. NaCl for table salt.
The elements in a chemical formula are normally listed in a specific order, called the Hill system. In this system, the carbon atoms (if there are any) are usually listed first, any hydrogen atoms are listed next, and all other elements follow in alphabetical order. If the formula contains no carbon, then all of the elements, including hydrogen, are listed alphabetically. There are, however, several important exceptions to the normal rules. For ionic compounds, the positive ion is almost always listed first and the negative ion is listed second. For oxides, oxygen is usually listed last.
In general, organic acids follow the normal rules with C and H coming first in the formula. For example, the formula for trifluoroacetic acid is usually written as C2HF3O2. More descriptive formulas can convey structural information, such as writing the formula for trifluoroacetic acid as CF3CO2H. On the other hand, the chemical formulas for most inorganic acids and bases are exceptions to the normal rules. They are written according to the rules for ionic compounds (positive first, negative second), but they also follow rules that emphasize their Arrhenius definitions. To be specific, the formula for most inorganic acids begins with hydrogen and the formula for most bases ends with the hydroxide ion (OH-). Formulas for inorganic compounds do not often convey structural information, as illustrated by the common use of the formula H2SO4 for a molecule (sulfuric acid) that contains no H-S bonds. A more descriptive presentation would be O2S(OH)2, but it is almost never written this way.
Phases and thermal properties.
Compounds may have several possible phases. All compounds can exist as solids, at least at low enough temperatures. Molecular compounds may also exist as liquids, gases, and, in some cases, even plasmas. All compounds decompose upon applying heat. The temperature at which such fragmentation occurs is often called the decomposition temperature. Decomposition temperatures are not sharp and depend on the rate of heating.
CAS number.
Every chemical substance, including chemical compounds, that has been described in the literature carries a unique numerical identifier, its CAS number.

</doc>
<doc id="21347431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347431" title="New Democracy Party of China">
New Democracy Party of China

The New Democracy Party of China (NDPC; ) is a political party that started in the People's Republic of China, and is banned by the Communist Party of China (CPC). It was established by Mr. Guo Quan, a professor at Nanjing Normal University in 2007 after he published an open letter to the leaders of China. The second acting chairman is Mr. Cunzhu Zheng, who was also a student leader in Anhui Province in 1989's Tiananmen Square Protests.
About Guo Quan.
New Democracy Party of China was founded by Guo Quan, a former associate professor at Nanjing Normal University and the acting chairman of the newly established New Democracy Party of China, was arrested by police near his Nanjing home. "He tried to set up an opposition party, they accused him of 'subversion of state power,' " Mr. Guo's wife said. "They told me that he had been formally arrested, but they didn't give me any details," Li said. "They gave a bunch of documents to his mother."
Nanjing Police Department agents sent Mr. Guo’s mother a letter denying her request to hire a lawyer because her son’s case involved "state secrets." She says, “(They) arrested my son and forbade us to visit him and hire a lawyer. Does that mean they are going to try him secretly? I am upset! My son was arrested for being a human rights activist; now who is going to protect his human rights? I love my son, so I hired a lawyer, but the regime would not let the lawyer accept the case. How could his only act, writing an open letter to Hu Jintao, be deemed subversion?” The authorities denied Guo’s family attorney’s request to visit him.
Mr. Guo’s defense attorney Guo Lianhui commented that Guo made his differing political views public, and the authorities mobilized the state machinery to suppress him. “My client published a series of articles called ‘Democratic Voice’ and pointed out that there is no democracy and observance of human rights in China." attorney Guo Lianhui added. 
Mr. Guo founded New Democracy Party of China to represent anyone petitioning the government and the ruling Communist Party for social justice in land disputes, forced evictions, and allegations of official wrongdoing. He wrote 347 articles and offered constructive suggestions to the Chinese Communist Party. However, Mr. Guo was fired from Nanjing Normal University for allegedly violating its constitution and rules on the conduct of faculty. Then, Mr. Guo was expelled from the Communist-approved token opposition group Democratic Parties and Factions.
On October 15, 2009, Mr. Guo was sentenced to serve ten years in prison.
Present.
After the party founder Mr. Guo Quan was arrested on November 13, 2008, Mr. Cunzhu Zheng was selected by other party members in China to be the second acting chairman of the Party. The website of the party was created in January 2009 and there are about 10 Chinese political dissidents and democratic supporters in Los Angeles and San Francisco applied to be the member of the party and the headquarters of the party moved to the USA after Mr. Guo Quan was arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="21347435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347435" title="Oyster Bowl">
Oyster Bowl

The Oyster Bowl is a regular season college football game played annually in the Hampton Roads-area of Virginia. The game has featured match-ups between high school, NCAA Division III, and at present, NCAA Division I teams at various points in its existence. It is sponsored by the Norfolk, Virginia-based Khedive Temple of the Shriners, with a portion of the revenue going to children's charity. The 2011 Oyster Bowl was the 62nd edition of the game.
During the first incarnation of the Oyster Bowl, it was held at Foreman Field in Norfolk, Virginia, and with one exception, featured NCAA major college teams. The inaugural Oyster Bowl was held in 1946 between two high schools, the local Granby Comets and the Clifton Mustangs of Clifton, New Jersey.
After a brief hiatus, the game was resurrected in 1948 and played continuously until 1995. At that time, the Oyster Bowl was discontinued for financial reasons. The series of games from 1946 to 1995 generated more than $3 million for the Shriners Hospitals for Children.
During the 1977 edition between East Carolina and William & Mary, former East Carolina head coach Jim Johnson, who was attending the game as a spectator, tackled a William & Mary player about to score the game-winning touchdown. Many well known players participated in the Oyster Bowl during the time it featured Division I teams. These include Ernie Davis of Syracuse, Don Meredith of SMU, Bruce Smith of Virginia Tech, Roger Staubach of Navy, Fran Tarkenton of Georgia, and Randy White of Maryland.
In 1999, the game was revived and relocated to the Joseph S. Darling Memorial Stadium in nearby Hampton, Virginia where the Oyster Bowl now featured a match-up between Division III college teams.
In 2011, it was announced that the Oyster Bowl would return to Foreman Field and feature Division I schools once again. Old Dominion University hosted James Madison University in 2011. The Fightin' Blue Hens from the University of Delaware played the Old Dominion Monarchs in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21347476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347476" title="Tim Donnelly (actor)">
Tim Donnelly (actor)

Timothy David "Tim" Donnelly (born September 3, 1944, Los Angeles, California) is an American actor and director, and is the younger brother of Jack Webb's stock director Dennis Donnelly. He had several different supporting roles in episodes of late '60s and early '70s Webb-produced shows, such as "Dragnet 1967-1970" (notably as a pot-smoking parent, Paul Shipley, whose daughter drowns in a bathtub while he and his wife are high) and "Adam-12." In late-1971, Jack Webb personally selected Donnelly for the role that made him famous, that of the wisecracking Firefighter Chester B. "Chet" Kelly, in the Mark VII television series "Emergency!"
After "Emergency!'s" cancellation in 1978, Donnelly appeared in several other series outside of those by Mark VII. He starred in episodes of television series such as "Vega$", "Hawaii Five-O", "The Virginian", "B. J. and the Bear", "Enos" and "The A-Team," and even had starring roles in films such as "The Clonus Horror" and "The Toolbox Murders". He also had an uncredited role as a 13-year-old Baby Face Nelson, in the 1957 movie of the same name. He left acting in 1984, but has appeared at various "Emergency!" conventions. 

</doc>
<doc id="21347480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347480" title="Douglas E. Wright">
Douglas E. Wright

Douglas Edward Wright (born 1955 in Goose Bay, Labrador) is a Canadian Supernatural Suspense / Dark Fantasy writer of horror fiction who now resides in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
Douglas grew up in Labrador, Saskatchewan and Ontario. He started school in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, and continued in CFB Borden and Prescott, Ontario. Having been married once, he has two children, one adopted, Della and his own daughter, Stephanie.
After having worked for Canada Post in several Ontario towns, he moved to Iqaluit, Nunavut, Springdale, Newfoundland, Victoria, Duncan, British Columbia, and Whitehorse, Yukon. In 2010, after moving back to Victoria, he retired from Canada Post.
His stories have been or will be published in: Britain’s Horror Express Magazine, HUB and Thirteen Magazine: USA’s Black Ink Horror Magazine, Escaping Elsewhere, Mount Zion Press, Chainsaw Magazine, and in the anthologies ‘Raw Meat’ by CWW Press, the HELP anthology by the Preditors and Editors website and Larry Sells’ ‘Enter the Realm.’

</doc>
<doc id="21347500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347500" title="Gilliam Asperger's disorder scale">
Gilliam Asperger's disorder scale

The Gilliam Asperger's disorder scale (GADS) is a tool for assisting the diagnosis of Asperger syndrome. More specifically, it is a rating scale for behaviour, which can be used by either individuals or professionals, and is commonly used by school psychologists.
It comprises 32 diagnostic characteristics, divided into four sub-scales. The four sub-scales are Social Interaction, Restricted Patterns of Behaviour, Cognitive Patterns, and Pragmatic Skills. An optional additional sub-scale of eight items, Early Development, can also be included.
The rating scores on each of the sub-scales are combined by simple summation to form an overall score, the Asperger's disorder quotient.
Administering the test takes 10 minutes. The scale is available in forms for teachers as well as parents, and like the Gilliam Autism Rating Scale it is comparatively less complicated to administer and score than other tests such as the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule or the Autism Diagnostic Interview — Revised (although both of these more complex tests are increasingly used in research).

</doc>
<doc id="21347511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347511" title="Temple Emanuel (Grape Street, Denver)">
Temple Emanuel (Grape Street, Denver)

Temple Emanuel on Grape Street in Denver, Colorado is a building that was built in 1956. The temple is also called Congregation Emanuel and identified as 5DV8272. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. The temple is located in Denver's Hilltop neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="21347519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347519" title="Toshiki Okada">
Toshiki Okada

Toshiki Okada (, born 1973) is a Japanese playwright, theater director, and novelist, founder of the theatrical company chelfitsch. He was awarded the 2008 Kenzaburō Ōe Prize for "The end of the special time we were allowed" (, "Watashitachi ni Yurusareta Tokubetsu na Jikan no Owari"), a book consisting of two novels. He is known for "his use of hyper-colloquial Japanese and his unique choreography."
Life and Career.
Born in Yokohama in 1973, Okada formed the theatrical company chelfitsch in 1997. The name "chelfitsch", a play on the English language word "selfish," is always written with a lowercase "c". (In katakana it is written チェルフィッチュ.) Okada has directed all of the company's productions.
His work has received numerous honors and awards. "Five Days in March", a play that juxtaposes a couple spending five days in a love hotel against the beginning of the Iraq War, won the 49th Kishida drama award in 2005. "Air-Conditioner"/"Cooler" was a finalist at the 2005 Toyota Choreography Awards, and "Enjoy" was presented in December 2006 at the New National Theatre Tokyo. His book "The end of the special time we were allowed" (, "Watashitachi ni Yurusareta Tokubetsu na Jikan no Owari"), published in February 2007, consists of two novels. One is a reworking of his play "Five Days in March"; the other, an earlier piece, is called "Our Many Places" ("Watashitachi no Basho no Fukusu"). The book received the 2008 Kenzaburō Ōe Prize. Besides awards and recognition for specific works, he also received the 2005 Yokohama Cultural Award / Yokohama Award for Art and Cultural Encouragement.
Besides directing his own plays, he has also directed Samuel Beckett's "Cascando" for the Tokyo International Arts Festival Beckett Centennial Memorial Festival, Kōbō Abe's "Friends" at the Setagaya Public Theater, and several workshop programs with theater students.
Besides performances in Japan, chelfitsch has toured to Brussels, Vienna, Paris, Cardiff, Salzburg, Singapore, Seattle, and other cities.
In 2012, Okada created his first English-language world premiere with "Zero Cost House", which was a collaboration with Pig Iron Theatre Company.
Style.
Okada's work is distinguished by its use of fragmented and abbreviated idiosyncratic language in the vernacular of Japanese in their twenties, which is deliberately inarticulate, drawn out and circular. Accompanying the broken phrases is the physical body language of the performers, made up of disjointed gestures and movements. The performers refer to themselves in the dialogue and their characters are often labelled only "Actor One", and with the same "character" played by more than one performer.
A typical example is from the opening of "Enjoy" (2006), translated by Aya Ogawa:
"ACTOR 1: We'll begin with Act One... This guy named Kato was riding the subway the other day, he was riding the Keio line and, he had an encounter then, when he sat next to... There were these two women who were talking, but... Kato had no intention of eavesdropping at all, of course but, while he was listening, to be honest, he... in the end, from the middle of the conversation, it did turn completely into eavesdropping but... you know how for text messaging they have those screen stickers that you put on your phone to keep your screen hidden from the person standing next to you, well there aren't such things for voices, so in a way, it's a little like too bad, you know, which may be like totally an excuse but... but with that conversation, it was a little like no matter how you look at it, their voices were, clearly above and beyond what is a standard volume, I mean come on, was the way it seemed and that was because... on top of that the content of the conversation itself also like, would have piqued anyone's interest in this..."

</doc>
<doc id="21347526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347526" title="Sigurd Frisvold">
Sigurd Frisvold

Sigurd Frisvold (born 5 July 1947) is a Norwegian general who served as Chief of Defence of Norway from 30 April 1999 until 1 April 2005.
Frisvold who hails from Kristiansund has his education from the army. He also has cand.mag. degrees in history, political science and social studies.
Having served as head of Forsvarskommando Sør-Norge (the Southern Norway Defence Command) Frisvold succeeded Arne Solli as Chief of Defence of Norway on 30 April 1999. During his leadership period the armed forces underwent major reorganization and closure of units and camps, as well as introduction of some new administrative measures, including the introduction of Regional Support Function (, RSF) and Horisontal Trade ().
On 10 December 2004 Frisvold announced that he would be resigning of his own volition as Chief of Defence after he had been on sick leave several times the last year. On the same day Sverre Diesen was appointed as his successor, and Diesen took over on 1 April 2005.
Awards.
Frisvold is the holder of a number of Norwegian and foreign orders and decorations: 
He is also a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21347539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347539" title="Teloschistaceae">
Teloschistaceae

The Teloschistaceae are a family of mostly lichen-forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota.

</doc>
<doc id="21347541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347541" title="Physciaceae">
Physciaceae

The Physciaceae are a family of mostly lichen-forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota. The family contains 17 genera and 512 species.

</doc>
<doc id="21347543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347543" title="Megalosporaceae">
Megalosporaceae

The Megalosporaceae are a family of mostly lichen-forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota. Most species have a tropical distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="21347544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347544" title="Letrouitiaceae">
Letrouitiaceae

The Letrouitiaceae are a family of mostly lichen-forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota. The family, which has a widespread distribution, contains the single genus Letrouitia, which contains about 15 species.

</doc>
<doc id="21347551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347551" title="Quadrail">
Quadrail

The Quadrail is a fictional intra-galactic rail system conceived by science fiction author Timothy Zahn. It first appeared in the novel "Night Train to Rigel" in 2005.
Operation.
The Quadrail is a system consisting of a minimum of four rails wrapped inside of a tube. The tube allows for faster-than-light transport through most of the known galaxy and includes the 12 Empires recognized in Zahn's Quadrail series. 
At the core of the Quadrail is a quantum thread known as the Coreline. The Coreline is the mechanism which accelerates the Quadrail train system though an unexplained physical phenomenon, although the passengers aren't aware of this (general speculation is that one of the four rails provides the motive power). I Standard Quadrail trains can travel at up to a light-year a minute, but in all actuality, train speed is controlled by proximity to the Coreline (e.g. the closer an object gets to the Coreline, the faster it moves). Therefore, some specialized Quadrail maintenance trains can travel faster than standard Quadrail trains.
The Quadrail is operated throughout the Galaxy by the Spiders - an enigmatic race with mechanical spider like legs.
There are three classes of seating on a typical Quadrail train - First, Second, and Third. Among the different types of cars are compartment cars, only available in first class, seating cars, available in all three classes with decreasing comfort depending on the class, dining cars, available in all three classes with decreasing conveniences and selections depending on the class, recreation/entertainment cars, which include exercise facilities and bathing facilities, available in all three classes, and baggage cars. Typically a train will have, going from front to back, an engine car, which is not internally accessible, one or more compartment cars (individual compartments have sleeping, bathing and toilet facilities), one or more first class seating cars, a first class dining car, a first class recreation/entertainment car, second class seating, dining and entertainment cars, third class seating, dining and entertainment cars, and one or more baggage cars. The cars are internally pressurized and are joined by pass-through airlocks. Passage from one car to another is controlled by the class of ticket, with each class ticket giving entry to its own class and lesser class cars. Each class has a first aid station/infirmary, located either in the dining car or the entertainment car.

</doc>
<doc id="21347582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347582" title="Headlong (Ings novel)">
Headlong (Ings novel)

Headlong is a 1999 science fiction novel by English author Simon Ings. It is Ings' fourth novel and depicts the struggle of a man trying to find his humanity after his previously enhanced senses have been removed. A review of the novel in "New Scientist" praised it as "mature and thoughtful".
Plot summary.
"Headlong" is set England in the mid-21st century. There has been a civil war and reconstruction after a period of corporate excess. Advances in nanoelectronics and robotics have led to the hybridization of human and artificial intelligence (AI). These expensive interfaces have only been installed on a few architects to facilitate their direction of nanobots that are constructing beautiful cities on the Moon. However, a few years before the novel begins, the AIs take over the Moon and precipitate an economic collapse on Earth by subtle market manipulations.
The novel's posthuman protagonist Christopher Yale and his wife Joanne have enhanced senses and are telepathically linked. Christopher has lived on the Moon for years. When his interfaces are removed following the economic collapse, he struggles with Epistemic Appetite Imbalance (EAI), a disorder precipitated by the loss of his enhanced senses. Christopher and his wife divorce, and she is killed a few months later. Christopher is pursued by both his wife's murderers and the police.

</doc>
<doc id="21347587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347587" title="Salvia lanigera">
Salvia lanigera

Salvia lanigera is a small herbaceous perennial that is native from northern Egypt and Arabia, to the south of Turkey and Iran. It grows in low altitude deserts, in sandy loam and chalky sandstone soils. The specific epithet ""lanigera"" means "wool-bearing" or "fleecy", referring to the hairs that cover all parts of the plant. It was first described in 1817 by Jean Louis Marie Poiret, a French clergyman sent by Louis XVI to Algeria to study the native plants. Following the French Revolution, Poiret became a professor at the Grandes écoles in Aisne.
In cultivation it grows from 4-8 inches high, and up to 1 foot in its native habitat. The plant is a soft pale gray-green color, giving off a pungent odor when brushed, and is covered with short erect hairs. The narrow leaves are deeply divided, with linear segments. The violet flowers grow in whorls of 6-8, and are held in a tiny calyx covered in long white hairs. In cold climates it is treated as an annual, freely reseeding itself, with seeds overwintering even in sub-freezing climates. It adapts itself to small spaces in between other plants, preferring full sun, lean soil, moderate irrigation, and good drainage.

</doc>
<doc id="21347589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347589" title="Songsoptok">
Songsoptok

Songsoptok is a drama serial, aired on Bangladesh Television, based on the novel by Shahidullah Kaiser.

</doc>
<doc id="21347591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347591" title="Bell System">
Bell System

The Bell System was the system of companies, led by the Bell Telephone Company and subsequently by AT&T, which provided telephone services to much of the United States and Canada from 1877 to 1984, at various times as a monopoly. In 1984, the system was broken up into independent companies by a U.S. Justice Department mandate.
The colloquial term Ma Bell (as in "Mother Bell") was often used by the general public in the United States to refer to any aspect of this conglomerate, as it held a near complete monopoly over all telephone service in most areas of the country, and is still used by many to refer to any telephone company. "Ma Bell" is also used to refer to the various female voices behind recordings for the Bell System: Mary Moore, Jane Barbe, and Pat Fleet (the current voice of AT&T).
History.
In 1877, the American Bell Telephone Company, named after Alexander Graham Bell, opened the first telephone exchange in New Haven, Connecticut. Within a few years local exchange companies were established in every major city in the United States. Use of the "Bell System" name initially referred to those early telephone franchises and eventually comprised all telephone companies owned by American Telephone & Telegraph, referred to internally as Bell Operating Companies, or "BOCs".
In 1899, American Telephone & Telegraph (AT&T) acquired the assets of its parent, the American Bell Telephone Company. Originally American Bell had created AT&T to provide long distance calls between New York and Chicago and beyond. AT&T became the parent of American Bell, and thus the head of the Bell System, because regulatory and tax rules were leaner in New York than in Boston, where American Bell was headquartered. Later, the Bell System and its moniker "Ma Bell" became a term that referred generally to all AT&T companies of which there were four major divisions:
In 1913, under AT&T ownership, the Bell System became a government sanctioned monopoly following a government anti-trust suit and the Kingsbury Commitment. After 1934, AT&T was regulated by the Federal Communication Commission (FCC). Proliferation of the telephone allowed the company to become the largest corporation in the world until its dismantling by the United States Department of Justice in 1984, at which time the Bell System ceased to exist.
Formation under Bell patent.
Receiving a U.S. patent for the invention of the telephone on March 7, 1876, Alexander Graham Bell formed the Bell Telephone Company in 1877, which in 1885 became AT&T
When Bell's original patent expired 15 years later in 1894, the telephone market opened to competition and 6,000 new telephone carriers started while the Bell Telephone company took a significant financial downturn.
On April 30, 1907, Theodore Newton Vail returned as President of AT&T. Vail believed in the superiority of one phone system and AT&T adopted the slogan "One Policy, One System, Universal Service." This would be the company's philosophy for the next 70 years.
Under Vail, AT&T began buying up many of the smaller telephone companies including Western Union telegraph. Anxious to avoid action from government antitrust suits, AT&T and the federal government entered into an agreement known as the Kingsbury Commitment.
Kingsbury Commitment.
Following a government antitrust suit in 1913, AT&T agreed to the Kingsbury Commitment in which AT&T would sell their $30 million in Western Union stock, allow competitors to interconnect with their system, and not acquire other independent companies without permission from the U.S. Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC).
The Bell trademark pictured here was used from 1921 through 1939 by both the AT&T corporation and the regional operating corporations to co-brand themselves under a single Bell System trademark. The regional operating corporation's name was placed where "name of associated company" appears in this template version of the trademark.
Nationwide Monopoly.
Bell system telephones and related equipment were made by Western Electric, a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T. Member telephone companies paid a fixed fraction of their revenues as a license fee to Bell Labs.
As a result of this vertical monopoly, by 1940 the Bell System effectively owned most telephone service in the United States, from local and long-distance service to the telephones themselves. This allowed Bell to prohibit their customers from connecting phones not made or sold by Bell to the system without paying fees. For example, if a customer desired a type of phone not leased by the local Bell monopoly, he or she had to purchase the phone at cost, give it to the phone company, then pay a 're-wiring' charge and a monthly lease fee in order to use it.
In 1949, the United States Department of Justice alleged in an antitrust lawsuit that AT&T and the Bell System operating companies were using their near-monopoly in telecommunications to attempt to establish unfair advantage in related technologies, especially the fledgling computer industry. The outcome was a 1956 consent decree limiting AT&T to 85% of the United States' national telephone network and certain government contracts, and precluding the Bell System from extending its reach into the fledgling computer industry and from continuing to hold interests in Canada and the Caribbean. The Bell System's Canadian operations included the Bell Canada regional operating company and the Northern Electric manufacturing subsidiary of the Bell System's Western Electric equipment manufacturer. Northern Electric Company and Bell Canada were spun off in 1956, as separate companies outside of the Bell System proper. The Bell System's Caribbean regional operating companies were sold to the ITT Corporation, known at the time as International Telephone & Telegraph Co.
The Bell System also owned various Caribbean regional operating companies, as well as 54% of NEC and a post-World War II reconstruction relationship with NTT before the 1956 boundaries were emplaced. Before 1956, the Bell System's reach was truly gargantuan. Even during the period from 1956 to 1984, the Bell System's dominant reach into all forms of communications was pervasive within the United States and influential in telecommunication standardization throughout the industrialized world.
The 1984, Bell System divestiture brought an end to the affiliation branded as the Bell System. It resulted from another antitrust lawsuit filed by the U.S. Department of Justice in 1974, alleging illegal practices by the Bell System companies to stifle competition in the telecommunications industry. The suit was settled on 8 January 1982, superseding the former restrictions that AT&T and the DOJ had agreed in 1956.
Present-day usage of the Bell name.
The Bell System service marks (i.e., the circled-bell logo (especially as redesigned by noted graphic designer Saul Bass in 1969 and seen at the top of this article) and the words Bell System in text) were used before January 1, 1984, when the AT&T divestiture of its regional operating companies took effect. Currently, the Bell word mark, logo, and other related trademarks, are held concurrently by each of the remaining Bell companies – namely AT&T, Verizon, CenturyLink, and Cincinnati Bell. International rights to the marks, except for Canada, are held by a joint venture of these companies, Bell IP Holdings.
Of the various resulting 1984 spinoffs, only BellSouth actively used and promoted the Bell name and logo for its entire history, from the 1984 break up to its merger with the new AT&T in 2006. Similarly, cessation of using either the Bell name or logo occurred for many of the other companies more than a decade after the 1984 break up as part of an acquisition-related rebranding. The others have only used the marks on rare occasions to maintain their trademark rights, even less now that they have adopted names conceived long after divestiture. Examples include Verizon, which still uses the Bell logo on its trucks and payphones, and Qwest, formerly US West, which licenses the Northwestern Bell and Mountain Bell names to Unical Enterprises, who makes telephones under the Northwestern Bell name.
Cincinnati Bell, a local franchise of the Bell System that was never wholly owned by AT&T and existed separately prior to 1984, also continues to use the Bell name. It stopped using the Bell logo in the summer of 2006, though it is still seen on some bills, vehicles, and other literature.
In 1984, each regional Bell operating company was assigned a set list of names they were allowed to use in combination with the Bell marks. Again, aside from Cincinnati Bell, none of these Bell System names are currently in use in the United States. For example, Southwestern Bell used both the Bell name and the circled-bell trademark until SBC opted for all of its companies to do business under the "SBC" name in 2002. Bell Atlantic used the Bell name and circled-bell trademark until renaming itself Verizon in 2000. Pacific Bell continued operating in California under that name (or the shortened "PacBell" nickname) until it was bought out by SBC.
Of the various resulting 1984 spinoffs, only Bell Canada continues to use the Bell name, although cessation of using either the Bell name and circled-bell trademark occurred for some of these companies multiple decades later. For example, for the multiple decades that Nortel was named Northern Telecom, their research and development arm was Bell Northern Research. Bell Canada and its holding-company parent, Bell Canada Enterprises, still use the Bell name and used variations of the circled-bell logo until 1977, which until 1976 strongly resembled the 1921 to 1939 Bell System trademark shown above.
Subsidiaries.
Pre-1956 international holdings.
Before the 1956 break-up, the Bell System included the companies listed below, plus those listed in the pre-1984 section. Bell Canada, Northern Electric, and the Caribbean regional operating companies were considered part of the Bell System proper before the 1956 break-up. Nippon Electric was considered a more distant affiliate of Western Electric than Northern Electric, where Nippon Electric via its own research and development adapted the designs of Western Electric's North American telecommunications equipment for use in Japan, which to this day gives much of Japan's telephone equipment and network a closer resemblance to North American ANSI and Telcordia standards than to European-originated ITU-T standards. Before the 1956 break-up, Northern Electric was predominantly focused only on manufacturing without any significant amount of separate telecommunication-equipment research & development of its own. The post-World War II-occupation operation of NTT was considered an administrative adjunct to the North American Bell System.
Pre-1984 breakup.
Immediately before the 1984 break-up, the Bell System consisted of the following corporate structure:
1984.
On January 1, 1984, the former components of the Bell System were structured as such:
Today.
After 1984, there were multiple mergers of the operating companies themselves, as well as multiple Baby Bells that came together, and some components are now in the hands of companies independent from the historic Bell System. The structure of the companies today is as follows.
<br>Regional Bell Operating Companies:
The following telephone companies are considered independent of the Baby Bells:
The following companies were spun off after 1984 from AT&T Corp. or the Baby Bells and do not provide telephone service.
Beginning in 1991, the Baby Bells began to consolidate operations or legally rename their Bell Operating Companies according to the parent company name, such as "Bell Atlantic – Delaware, Inc." or "U S WEST Communications, Inc.", to "unify" the corporate image. To this day, the only remaining Baby Bell that has not renamed its operating companies is AT&T, formerly SBC Communications. Since 2001, there have only been 17 of the original 22 Bell Operating Companies, following the mergers of U S WEST's and BellSouth's operating companies and reincorporation of Southwestern Bell. Only 9 of those 19 have retained their original corporate name since their incorporation before 1984.
In popular culture.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21347597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347597" title="North Platte High School (Nebraska)">
North Platte High School (Nebraska)

North Platte High School is a public secondary school in North Platte, Nebraska. In 2001, the football team went to the 2001 Nebraska State Championship, but lost 28-14.
North Platte competes in Class A, the highest classification of the Nebraska School Activities Association. It is the westernmost of the 32 Class A schools and thus faces extremely long trips throughout the season, since the next closest Class A school is Kearney High School, 95 miles east on Interstate 80. NPHS has rivalries with nearby Class B schools Cozad, Lexington, McCook and Ogalalla.

</doc>
<doc id="21347601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347601" title="Goczałkowice Reservoir">
Goczałkowice Reservoir

Goczałkowice Reservoir () is an artificial water reservoir in the Silesian Voivodeship in Poland created with a dam on the Vistula in 1956. The area of the reservoir is 32 square kilometres and its capacity is 168 million m³. It is around 75 kilometres west of Kraków.
The shores of the lake are the breeding area for many bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="21347608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347608" title="Cesarino Cervellati">
Cesarino Cervellati

Cesarino Cervellati (born 15 February 1930) was an Italian footballer and manager from Baricella in the Province of Bologna. He was a one club man in the truest sense of the term, spending fourteen seasons as a player at his home province side Bologna, winning a Serie A title. Cervellati represented Italy at international level.
After retiring from the playing field, Cervellati was known to keep in touch with his roots at Bologna, going on to have five managerial spells at the club where he is considered in such high regard.

</doc>
<doc id="21347614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347614" title="Vinalia">
Vinalia

The Vinalia were Roman festivals of the wine harvest, wine vintage and gardens, held in honour of Jupiter and Venus. The "Vinalia prima" ("first Vinalia"), also known as the "Vinalia urbana" ("Urban Vinalia") was held on April 23, to bless and sample last year's wine and ask for good weather until the next harvest. The "Vinalia rustica" ("Rustic Vinalia") was on August 19, before the harvest and grape-pressing.
Vinalia Urbana.
The "Vinalia Urbana" was held on 23 April. It was predominantly a wine festival, shared by Venus as patron of "profane" wine ("vinum spurcum") intended for everyday human use, and Jupiter as patron of the strongest, purest, sacrificial grade wine ("temetum"). In honour of Venus, whose powers had provided humankind with ordinary wine, men and women alike sampled the "vinum spurcum" of the previous autumn's pressing. As god of the weather on which the wine-harvest depended, Jupiter was offered a special libation of the previous year's sacred wine vintage, blessed by his high priest and poured into a ditch outside Venus' Capitoline temple, probably under the gaze of Rome's higher echelons. Common girls ("vulgares puellae") and prostitutes ("meretrices") gathered at Venus Erycina's Colline temple – probably on separate occasions, for propriety's sake – to offer the goddess myrtle, mint, and rushes concealed in rose-bunches. In return, they asked her for "beauty and popular favour", and to be made "charming and witty".
Vinalia Rustica.
The "Vinalia Rustica" was held on August 19. It was originally a rustic Latin harvest festival, celebrating the grape harvest, vegetable growth and fertility. At the Roman "Vinalia Rustica", kitchen gardens and market-gardens, and presumably vineyards were dedicated to "Venus Obsequens", the oldest known form of Venus. In Roman mythology, it marked the fulfillment of a vow by the ancient Latin allies of Rome's legendary ancestor Aeneas, who promised all wine of the next sacred vintage to Jupiter, in return for victory against the Etruscan tyrant Mezentius. According to some sources, the warlike Mezentius had claimed this vintage as his due, not Jupiter's. Roman opinions differ on which deity presided at the "Vinalia Rustica"; Varro insists that like the "Vinalia Urbana", it was sacred to Jupiter, who controlled the weather that governed the growing and ripening of grapes; moreover Jupiter's priest picked the first bunch of grapes, blessed the first sacred pressing and offered a sacrifice; these observations are borne out by Pliny the Elder. In practice, however, the festival had strong popular and cult connections to Venus as patron goddess of ordinary, religiously "impure" wine ("vinum spurcum"). Some of the rites took place at her various temples. The sacrificial victim offered by Jupiter's priest, a female lamb ("agna") may be evidence if not of Venus herself, then of an ancient, rustic Latin goddess very like her. An account of the origins and rise of this festival is given by Festus.

</doc>
<doc id="21347619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347619" title="Tartas">
Tartas

Tartas () is a commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="21347620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347620" title="WLHR">
WLHR

WLHR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21347640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347640" title="Live in New York 1.24.04">
Live in New York 1.24.04

Live in New York 1.24.04 is the second recording, and first live recording, by Nicholas Payton's electric jazz band Sonic Trance. It was recorded live at the 2004 International Association for Jazz Education (IAJE) conference in New York City.
The recording originally circulated as a bootleg, but became so popular that Payton authorized a limited release by Kufala Recordings, a label that specializes in authorized live recordings. In 2009, the recording was reissued by Kufala as both a CD and MP3 download. The CD began shipping on February 2.

</doc>
<doc id="21347643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347643" title="Mac OS">
Mac OS

Mac OS is a series of graphical user interface-based operating systems developed by Apple Inc. for their Macintosh line of computer systems. 
The original version was integral and an unnamed system software first introduced in 1984 with the original Macintosh, and referred to simply as the "System" software. The Macintosh system software gained an official name in 1996, when Apple branded version 7.6 as Mac OS as part of their Macintosh clone program. The Macintosh, specifically its system software, is credited with popularizing the graphical user interface concept.
Macintosh operating systems have been released in two major series. Up to major revision 9, from 1984 to 2000, it is historically known as Classic Mac OS. Major revision 10, from 2001 to present, is branded OS X (originally referred to as Mac OS X). Major revisions to the Macintosh OS are now issued as point revisions, that is to say, 10.2 is substantially different from 10.5. Both series share a general interface design and some shared application frameworks for compatibility, but also have deeply different architectures.
Design concept.
Apple's original concept for the Macintosh deliberately sought to minimize the user's conceptual awareness of the operating system. Tasks which required more operating system knowledge on other systems would be accomplished by mouse gestures and graphic controls on a Macintosh. This would differentiate it from then current systems, such as MS-DOS, which used a command line interface consisting of tersely-abbreviated textual commands.
The core of the system software was held in ROM, with updates originally provided on floppy disk, freely copyable at Apple dealers. The user's involvement in an upgrade of the operating system was also minimized to running an installer, or replacing system files using the file manager. This simplicity meant that the early releases lacked any access controls, in effect giving its single user root privileges at all times.
Versions.
Early versions of Mac OS were compatible only with Motorola 68000-family Macintoshes. As Apple introduced computers with PowerPC hardware, the OS was ported to support this architecture. Mac OS 8.1 was the last version that could run on a "68K" processor (the 68040). OS X, which has superseded the "Classic" Mac OS, is compatible with only PowerPC processors from version 10.0 ("Cheetah") to version 10.3 ("Panther"). Both PowerPC and Intel processors are supported in version 10.4 ("Tiger", Intel only supported after an update) and version 10.5 ("Leopard"). 10.6 and later versions support only Intel processors.
The early Macintosh operating system initially consisted of two pieces of software, called "System" and "Finder", each with its own version number. System 7.5.1 was the first to include the Mac OS logo (a variation on the original Happy Mac startup icon), and Mac OS 7.6 was the first to be named "Mac OS".
Before the introduction of the later PowerPC G3-based systems, significant parts of the system were stored in physical ROM on the motherboard. The initial purpose of this was to avoid using up the limited storage of floppy disks on system support, given that the early Macs had no hard disk (only one model of Mac was ever actually bootable using the ROM alone, the 1991 Mac Classic model). This architecture also allowed for a completely graphical OS interface at without the need for a text-only console or command-line mode. Boot time errors, such as finding no functioning disk drives, were communicated to the user graphically, usually with an icon or the distinctive Chicago bitmap font and a Chime of Death or a series of beeps. This was in contrast to computers of the time, which displayed such messages in a mono-spaced font on a black background, and required the use of the keyboard, not a mouse, for input. To provide such niceties at a low level, Mac OS depended on core system software in ROM on the motherboard, a fact also used to ensure that only Apple computers or licensed clones (with the copyright-protected ROMs from Apple) could run Mac OS.
"Classic" Mac OS (1984–2001).
The "classic" Mac OS is characterized by its monolithic system. Versions of Mac OS up through System 4 only ran one application at a time. Even so, it was noted for its ease of use. Mac OS gained cooperative multitasking with System 5, which ran on the Mac SE and Macintosh II. It was criticized for its very limited memory management, lack of protected memory, no access controls, and susceptibility to conflicts among operating system "extensions" that provide additional functionality (such as networking) or support for a particular device. Some extensions didn't work properly together, or only worked when loaded in a particular order. Troubleshooting Mac OS extensions could be a time-consuming process of trial and error.
The Macintosh originally used the Macintosh File System (MFS), a flat file system with only one level of folders. This was quickly replaced in 1985 by the Hierarchical File System (HFS), which had a true directory tree. Both file systems are otherwise compatible.
Most file systems used with DOS, Unix, or other operating systems treat a file as simply a sequence of bytes, requiring an application to know which bytes represent what type of information. By contrast, MFS and HFS give files two different "forks". The data fork contains the same sort of information as other file systems, such as the text of a document or the bitmaps of an image file. The resource fork contains other structured data such as menu definitions, graphics, sounds, or code segments. A file might consist only of resources with an empty data fork, or only a data fork with no resource fork. A word processor file could contain its text in the data fork and styling information in the resource fork, so that an application which doesn’t recognize the styling information can still read the raw text.
On the other hand, these forks would provide a challenge to interoperability with other operating systems: how does one copy a dual-forked file into a different file system, or across a file-transfer system, or embed it into email? In copying or transferring a MacOS file to a non-Mac system, the default implementations would simply strip the file of its resource fork. Most data files contained only nonessential information in their resource fork, such as window size and location, but program files would be inoperative without their resources. This necessitated such encoding schemes as BinHex and MacBinary, which allowed a user to encode a dual-forked file into a single stream, or inversely take a single stream so-encoded and reconstitute it into a dual-forked file usable by MacOS.
PowerPC versions of OS X up to and including OS X v10.4 Tiger (support for Classic was dropped by Apple with v10.5 Leopard's release and it is no longer included) include a compatibility layer for running older Mac applications, the Classic Environment. This runs a full copy of the older Mac OS, version 9.1 or later, in an OS X process. PowerPC-based Macs shipped with Mac OS 9.2 as well as OS X. Mac OS 9.2 had to be installed by the user— it was not installed by default on hardware revisions released after the release of OS X 10.4 Tiger. Most well-written "classic" applications function properly under this environment, but compatibility is only assured if the software was written to be unaware of the actual hardware, and to interact solely with the operating system. The Classic Environment is not available on Intel-based Macintosh systems due to the incompatibility of Mac OS 9 with the x86 hardware.
Users of the classic Mac OS generally upgraded to OS X, but many criticized it as being more difficult and less user-friendly than the original Mac OS, for the lack of certain features that had not been re-implemented in the new OS, or for being slower on the same hardware (especially older hardware), or other, sometimes serious incompatibilities with the older OS. Because drivers (for printers, scanners, tablets, etc.) written for the older Mac OS are not compatible with OS X, and due to the lack of OS X support for older Apple machines, a significant number of Macintosh users continued using the older classic Mac OS.
In June 2005, Steve Jobs announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference keynote that Apple computers would be transitioning from PowerPC to Intel processors and thus dropping compatibility on new machines for Mac OS Classic. At the same conference, Jobs announced Developer Transition Kits that included beta versions of Apple software including OS X that developers could use to test their applications as they ported them to run on Intel-powered Macs. In January 2006, Apple released the first Macintosh computers with Intel processors, an iMac and the MacBook Pro, and in February 2006, Apple released a Mac mini with an Intel Core Solo and Duo processor. On May 16, 2006, Apple released the MacBook, before completing the Intel transition on August 7 with the Mac Pro. To ease the transition for early buyers of the new machines, Intel-based Macs included an emulation technology called Rosetta, which allows them to run OS X software that was compiled for PowerPC-based Macintosh models. Rosetta runs transparently, creating a user experience identical to running the software on a PowerPC machine, though execution is typically slower than with native code. Rosetta was an optional installation in OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard and is not available at all in OS X 10.7 Lion.
OS X.
OS X, introduced as Mac OS X in 2001 and renamed OS X in 2012, is the latest version of Apple's operating system. Although it is officially designated as simply "version 10" of the Mac OS, it has a history largely independent of the earlier Mac OS releases.
The operating system is the successor to Mac OS 9 and the "classic" Mac OS. It is however a Unix operating system, based on the NeXTSTEP operating system and the XNU kernel which Apple acquired after purchasing NeXT Computer—with its CEO Steve Jobs returning to Apple at that time. OS X also makes use of the BSD code. There have been ten significant releases of OS X, the most recent being OS X 10.9, referred to as Mavericks. Prior to 10.9 came 10.8 ("Mountain Lion"), 10.7 ("Lion"), 10.6 ("Snow Leopard"), 10.5 ("Leopard"), 10.4 ("Tiger"), 10.3 ("Panther"), 10.2 ("Jaguar"), 10.1 ("Puma"), and 10.0 ("Cheetah").
OS X also had six significant releases as OS X Server. The first of these, Mac OS X Server 1.0, was released in beta before the client version in 1999. The server versions are architecturally identical to the client versions, with the differentiation found in their inclusion of tools for server management, including tools for managing OS X-based workgroups, mail servers, and web servers, amongst other tools. As of the name change to OS X, OS X Server is no longer sold as a separate operating system product. The server tools could then be added to the singular OS X product, giving the same functionality.
OS X Server is available as an operating system to-order on Mac Mini and Mac Pro computers as a part of a server package. Unlike the client version, OS X Server can be run in a virtual machine using emulation software such as Parallels Desktop and VMware Fusion.
OS X is also the basis for iOS, (previously iPhone OS) used on Apple's iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad, and Apple TV.
Star Trek.
Star Trek (as in "to boldly go where no Mac has gone before") was a relatively unknown secret prototype Apple started work on in 1992, whose goal was to create a version of the classic Mac OS that would run on Intel-compatible x86 personal computers. The project was instigated by Novell, Inc., who were looking to integrate their DR-DOS with the Mac OS UI as a retort to Microsoft's Windows 3.0. The Apple/Novell team (four from Apple, four from Novell) was able to get the Macintosh Finder and some basic applications, like QuickTime, running smoothly on the x86 architecture. Some of the code from this effort was reused later when porting the Mac OS to PowerPC.
The project was canceled only one year later in early 1993. There are two theories for the project's short life: the first is that Apple's board canceled further development upon realizing that going with Star Trek would mean an entirely new business model and one that would likely see a notable drop in Apple's lucrative hardware sales; and the second is that an x86 Mac OS was not commercially viable in the early nineties because Microsoft's contracts for Windows 3.1 forced PC manufacturers to pay a royalty to Microsoft for every computer shipped, regardless of what operating system it contained. Thus, widespread support for a new operating system with relatively few applications available was unlikely.
A further complication was that Star Trek was designed to be source-level compatible, not binary compatible, with the Mac OS. Mac applications would therefore have to be recompiled or rewritten by their developers to run on the x86 architecture, and there was much skepticism as to exactly how much work this would entail.
Fifteen years after Star Trek, support for the x86 architecture was officially included in Mac OS, and then Apple transitioned all desktop computers to the x86 architecture. This was not the direct result of earlier Project Star Trek efforts. The Darwin underpinning used for OS X 10.0 and later included support for the x86 architecture. The remaining non-Darwin portion of OS X (based on OPENSTEP, which ran on Intel processors) was released officially with the introduction of x86 Macintosh computers. In fact, Steve Jobs said that Mac OS X was "leading a secret double life" during the introduction of the x86 transition.
68000 emulation.
Although the Star Trek software was never released, third-party Macintosh emulators, such as vMac, Basilisk II, and Executor, eventually made it possible to run the classic Mac OS on Intel-based PCs. These emulators were restricted to emulating the 68000 series of processors, and as such most couldn't run versions of the Mac OS that succeeded 8.1, which required PowerPC processors. Most also required a Mac ROM image or a hardware interface supporting a real Mac ROM chip; those requiring an image are of dubious legal standing as the ROM image may infringe on Apple's intellectual property.
A notable exception was the Executor commercial software product from Abacus Research & Development, the only product that used 100% reverse engineered code without the use of Apple technology. It ran extremely quickly but never achieved more than a minor subset of functionality. Few programs were completely compatible and many were extremely crash-prone if they ran at all. Executor filled a niche market for porting 68000 classic Mac applications to x86 platforms; development ceased in 2002 and the source code was released by the author in late 2008.
Emulators using Mac ROM images offered near complete Mac OS compatibility and later versions offered excellent performance as modern x86 processor performance increased exponentially.
Most of the Mac user base had already started moving to the PowerPC platform that offered backward compatibility on 8.xx & 9.xx operating systems along with faster PowerPC software support. This helped ease the transition to PowerPC-only applications while prematurely obsolescing 68000 emulators and the Classic-only applications they supported well before these emulators were refined enough to compete with a real Mac.
PowerPC emulation.
At the time of 68000-emulator development, PowerPC support was difficult to justify not only due to the emulation code itself but also the anticipated wide performance overhead of an emulated PowerPC architecture vs. a real PowerPC based Mac. This would later prove correct with the start of the PearPC and project even years later despite the availability of 7th & 8th generation x86 processors employing similar architecture paradigms present in the PowerPC. Many application developers were also creating and releasing both 68000 Classic and PowerPC versions concurrently helping to negate the need for PowerPC emulation. PowerPC Mac users who could technically run either obviously chose the faster PowerPC applications. Soon Apple was no longer selling 68000-based Macs and the existing installed base started to quickly evaporate. Despite the eventual excellent 68000-emulation technology available they proved never to be even a minor threat to real Macs due to their late arrival and immaturity even several years after the release of much more compelling PowerPC based Macs.
The PearPC emulator is capable of emulating the PowerPC processors required by newer versions of the Mac OS (like OS X). Unfortunately, it is still in the early stages and, like many emulators, tends to run much slower than a native operating system would.
During the transition from PowerPC to Intel processors, Apple realized the need to incorporate a PowerPC emulator into OS X in order to protect its customers' investments in software designed to run on the PowerPC. Apple's solution is an emulator called Rosetta. Prior to the announcement of Rosetta, industry observers assumed that any PowerPC emulator running on an x86 processor would suffer a heavy performance penalty (e.g., PearPC's slow performance). Rosetta's relatively minor performance penalty therefore took many by surprise.
Another PowerPC emulator is SheepShaver, which has been around since 1998 for BeOS on the PowerPC platform, but in 2002 was open sourced with porting efforts beginning to get it to run on other platforms. Originally it was not designed for use on x86 platforms and required an actual PowerPC processor present in the machine it was running on similar to a hypervisor. Although it provides PowerPC processor support, it can only run up to Mac OS 9.0.4 because it does not emulate a memory management unit.
Other examples include ShapeShifter (by the same programmer that conceived SheepShaver), Fusion and iFusion. The latter ran classic Mac OS with a PowerPC "coprocessor" accelerator card. Using this method has been said to equal or better the speed of a Macintosh with the same processor, especially with respect to the m68k series due to real Macs running in MMU trap mode, hampering performance.
Macintosh clones.
Several computer manufacturers over the years have made Macintosh clones capable of running Mac OS, notably Power Computing, UMAX and Motorola. These machines normally ran various versions of classic Mac OS. Steve Jobs ended the clone-licensing program after returning to Apple in 1997.
In 2008, a manufacturing company in Miami, FL called Psystar Corporation announced a $499 clone that comes with a barebones system that can run Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard. Threatened with legal battles, Psystar originally called the system OpenMac and have since changed it to Open Computer. Apple filed a lawsuit with the company and asked that Psystar be ordered to stop producing clone systems, recall every system sold, and pay monetary damages. Eventually, Apple prevailed in court, and the Open Computer's production was ceased. Psystar itself appears to be defunct now, as the company's website is gone.
A/UX.
In 1988, Apple released its first UNIX-based OS, A/UX, which was a UNIX operating system with the Mac OS look and feel. It was not very competitive for its time, due in part to the crowded UNIX market and Macintosh hardware lacking high-end design features present on workstation-class computers. A/UX had most of its success in sales to the U.S. government, where POSIX compliance was a requirement that Mac OS could not meet.
MAE.
The Macintosh Application Environment (MAE) was a software package introduced by Apple Computer in 1994 which allowed users of certain Unix-based computer workstations to run Apple Macintosh application software.
MAE used the X Window System to emulate a Macintosh Finder-style graphical user interface. The last version, MAE 3.0, was compatible with System 7.5.3.
MAE was available for Sun Microsystems SPARCstation and Hewlett-Packard systems. It was discontinued on May 14, 1998.
MkLinux.
Announced at The 1996 World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC), MkLinux is an open source computer operating system started by the OSF Research Institute and Apple Computer in February 1996 to port Linux to the PowerPC platform, and thus Macintosh computers. In the summer of 1998, the community-led MkLinux Developers Association took over development of the operating system. MkLinux is short for "Microkernel Linux," which refers to the project's adaptation of the Linux kernel to run as a server hosted atop the Mach microkernel. MkLinux is based on version 3.0 of Mach.
Mac OS on non Apple-labeled computers.
Although a violation of Apple's EULA, running OS X operating systems compiled for x86 or x86_64 ("Intel 64") on a non-Apple PC is possible using several approaches. If the processor is an Intel Core 2 or later, but not an Intel Atom, Apple's standard mach_kernel is sufficient. If the processor is an Atom, the user-supported "legacy" mach_kernel_atom, derived from the appropriate mach_kernel, is required. If the processor is a pre-Core 2 Intel, e.g., a late Pentium 4 either with or without EM64T, but usually with H-T, the user-supported "legacy" mach_kernel_non-atom, derived from the appropriate mach_kernel, is required.
Installation of Mac OS X requires a Mac OS X "Installer emulator", the most straightforward of which is a USB flash drive-type Installer emulator. Once the installation has been successfully completed to the hard drive, the hard drive may be booted using the "emulator" portion of the USB flash drive as a "helper" and a "boot loader Installer" may be downloaded and used to place the boot loader on the hard drive's boot blocks. Thereafter, Mac OS X may be booted from the hard drive alone; the installed boot loader takes care of any required device injection and/or kernel patching.
Mac OS X is generally compatible with any Intel desktop-based system or Intel-based motherboard, ICH6 or later, however compatibility past Snow Leopard cannot be assured with ICH6. Compatibility with ICH7 and with Lion and 945 (G)MCH has already been demonstrated and proven. Compatibility with ICH7 or later and any associated MCH/(G)MCH is quite good, certainly including Lion, and possibly also including Mountain Lion.
Mac OS X compatibility with Intel laptop- or netbook-based systems is quite variable but has been successful on a few Intel Atom-based netbooks.

</doc>
<doc id="21347657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347657" title="Authoritarianism">
Authoritarianism

Authoritarianism is a form of government. It is characterized by absolute or blind obedience to authority, as against individual freedom and related to the expectation of unquestioning obedience.
Juan Linz, whose 1964 description of authoritarianism is influential, characterized authoritarian regimes as political systems by four qualities: (1) "limited, not responsible, political pluralism"; that is, constraints on political institutions and groups (such as legislatures, political parties and interest groups), (2) a basis for legitimacy based on emotion, especially the identification of the regime as a necessary evil to combat "easily recognizable societal problems" such as underdevelopment or insurgency; (3) neither "intensive nor extensive political mobilization" and constraints on the mass public (such as repressive tactics against opponents and a prohibition of anti-regime activity) and (4) "formally ill-defined" executive power, often shifting or vague.
Authoritarian government and states.
Linz distinguished new forms of authoritarianism from personalistic dictatorships and totalitarian states, taking Francoist Spain as an example. Unlike personalistic dictatorships, new forms of authoritarianism have institutionalized representation of a variety of actors (in Spain's case, including the military, the Catholic Church, Falange, monarchists, technocrats and others); unlike totalitarian states, the regime relies on passive mass acceptance rather than popular support.
Several subtypes of authoritarian regimes have been identified by Linz and others. Linz identified the two most basic subtypes as traditional authoritarian regimes and bureaucratic-military authoritarian regimes. Traditional authoritarian regimes are those "in which the ruling authority (generally a single person)" is maintained in power "through a combination of appeals to traditional legitimacy, patron-client ties and repression, which is carried out by an apparatus bound to the ruling authority through personal loyalties"; an example is Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I. Bureacratic-military authoritarian regimes are those "governed by a coalition of military officers and technocrats who act pragmatically (rather than ideologically) within the limits of their bureaucratic mentality. Mark J. Gasiorowski suggests that it is best to distinguish "simple military authoritarian regimes" from "bureaucratic authoritarian regimes" in which "a powerful group of technocrats uses the state apparatus to try to rationalize and develop the economy" such as South Korea under Park Chung-hee.
Linz also has identified three other subtypes of authoritarian regime: corporatist or organic-statistic, racial and ethnic "democracy" and post-totalitarian. 
Authoritarian regimes are also sometimes subcategorized by whether they are "personalistic" or "populist". Personalistic authoritarian regimes are characterized by arbitrary rule and authority exercised "mainly through patronage networks and coercion rather than through institutitions and formal rules." Personalistic authoritarian regimes have been seen in post-colonial Africa. By contrast, populist authoritarian regimes "are mobilizational regimes in which a strong, charismatic, manuipulative leader rules through a coalition involving key lower-class groups." One example is Argentina under Perón.
Authoritarianism is characterized by highly concentrated and centralized power maintained by political repression and the exclusion of potential challengers. It uses political parties and mass organizations to mobilize people around the goals of the regime.
Authoritarianism also tends to embrace the informal and unregulated exercise of political power, a leadership that is "self-appointed and even if elected cannot be displaced by citizens' free choice among competitors," the arbitrary deprivation of civil liberties, and little tolerance for meaningful opposition.
A range of social controls also attempt to stifle civil society, while political stability is maintained by control over and support of the armed forces, a bureaucracy staffed by the regime, and creation of allegiance through various means of socialization and indoctrination.
Authoritarian political systems may be weakened through "inadequate performance to demands of the people." Vestal writes that the tendency to respond to challenges to authoritarianism through tighter control instead of adaptation is a significant weakness, and that this overly rigid approach fails to "adapt to changes or to accommodate growing demands on the part of the populace or even groups within the system." Because the legitimacy of the state is dependent on performance, authoritarian states that fail to adapt may collapse.
Authoritarianism is marked by "indefinite political tenure" of the ruler or ruling party (often in a single-party state) or other authority. The transition from an authoritarian system to a more democratic form of government is referred to as democratization.
John Duckitt suggests a link between authoritarianism and collectivism, asserting that both stand in opposition to individualism. Duckitt writes that both authoritarianism and collectivism submerge individual rights and goals to group goals, expectations and conformities.
Authoritarianism and totalitarianism.
Totalitarianism is an extreme version of authoritarianism. Authoritarianism primarily differs from totalitarianism in that social and economic institutions exist that are not under governmental control. Building on the work of Yale political scientist Juan Linz, Paul C. Sondrol of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs has examined the characteristics of authoritarian and totalitarian dictators and organized them in a chart:
Sondrol argues that while both authoritarianism and totalitarianism are forms of autocracy, they differ in "key dichotomies":
Thus, compared to totalitarian systems, authoritarian systems may also leave a larger sphere for private life, lack a guiding ideology, tolerate some pluralism in social organization, lack the power to mobilize the whole population in pursuit of national goals, and exercise their power within relatively predictable limits.
Authoritarianism and democracy.
Authoritarianism and democracy are not fundamentally opposed to one another, it is thus definitely possible for democracies to possess strong authoritarian elements, for both feature a form of submission to authority. For instance, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Prime Minister of Turkey, was elected three times, but shows strong authoritarian tendencies. An illiberal democracy (or procedural democracy) is distinguished from liberal democracy (or substantive democracy) in that illiberal democracies lack the more democratic features of liberal democracies, such as the rule of law, an independent judiciary, along with a further distinction that liberal democracies have rarely made war with one another. More recent research has extended the theory and finds that more democratic countries tend to have few Militarized Interstate Disputes causing less battle deaths with one another, and that democracies have much fewer civil wars.
Examples of authoritarian states.
Since there is no precise, universally agreed definition of authoritarianism, there is no definitive list of states that are authoritarian. But several annual measurements attempt to do so, including the Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index (which classifies 51 states as "Authoritarian regimes") and Freedom House's Freedom in the World report.
Turkey is considered by some media outlets as authoritarian even though Turkey, being a EU candidate country, complied with Copenhagen criteria. The Copenhagen criteria outlines the countries should have "stability of institutions guaranteeing democracy, the rule of law, human rights and respect for and protection of minorities." As Turkey complied with the Copenhagen criteria and is candidate country for EU, the claims of Turkey's being authoritarian is taken by many as controversial.
Examples of states which are currently (or frequently) characterized as authoritarian:
Examples of states which were historically authoritarian:
Authoritarianism in history.
In contrast to the varying manifestations of authoritarianism, more democratic forms of governance as a standard mode of political organization became widespread only after the Industrial Revolution had established modernity. Tyrants and oligarchs bracketed the flourishing of democracy in ancient Athens; and kings and emperors preceded and followed experimentation with democratic forms in the Roman Republic. In the 15th century, Vlad Dracula is credited for being the first ruler of Wallachia and Transylvania to rule by Authoritarianism.
Anti-authoritarianism.
Anti-authoritarianism is opposition to authoritarianism, which is defined as a "a form of social organisation characterised by submission to authority". Anti-authoritarians usually believe in full equality before the law and strong civil liberties. Sometimes the term is used interchangeably with anarchism, an ideology which rejects the state and other compulsory forms of hierarchical authority altogether. Influential anarchist Mikhail Bakunin thought that "Does it follow that I reject all authority? Far from me such a thought. In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or the engineer. For such or such special knowledge I apply to such or such a savant. But I allow neither the bootmaker nor the architect nor savant to impose his authority upon me. I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure. I do not content myself with consulting a single authority in any special branch; I consult several; I compare their opinions, and choose that which seems to me the soundest. But I recognise no infallible authority, even in special questions; consequently, whatever respect I may have for the honesty and the sincerity of such or such individual, I have no absolute faith in any person."
Freethought is a philosophical viewpoint that holds opinions should be formed on the basis of logic, reason and empiricism, rather than authority, tradition, or other dogmas. The cognitive application of freethought is known as "freethinking", and practitioners of freethought are known as "freethinkers". After World War II there was a strong sense of anti-authoritarianism based on anti-fascism in Europe. This was attributed to the active resistance from occupation and to fears arising from the development of superpowers. Anti-authoritarianism also became associated with countercultural and bohemian movements such as the Beat Generation in the 1950s, the hippies in the 1960s and punks in the 1970s.
Gender and Authoritarianism.
According to an article titled "Gender Inequality and Gender Differences in Authoritarianism" there is a direct correlation between the rates of gender inequality and the levels of authoritarian ideas in the male and female populations. It was found that in countries with less gender equality where individualism was encouraged and men occupied the dominant societal roles, women were more likely to support traits such as obedience which would allow them to survive in an authoritarian environment, and less likely to encourage ideas such as independence and imagination. In countries with higher levels of gender equality, men held more authoritarian views. It is theorized that this occurs due to the stigma attached to individuals who question the cultural norms set by the dominant individuals and establishments in an authoritarian society as a way to prevent the psychological stress caused by the active ostracizing of the stigmatized individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="21347660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347660" title="Generating Availability Data System">
Generating Availability Data System

The Generating Availability Data System (GADS) is a database produced by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC). It includes annual summary reports comprising the statistics for power stations in the United States and Canada.
GADS is the main source of power station outage data in North America. This reporting system, initiated by the electric utility industry in 1982, expands and extends the data collection procedures begun by the industry in 1963. NERC GADS is recognized today as a valuable source of reliability, availability, and maintainability (RAM) information. 
This information, collected for both total unit and major equipment groups, is used by analysts' industry-wide in numerous applications. GADS maintains complete operating histories on more than 5,800 generating units representing 71% of the installed generating capacity of the United States and Canada. GADS is a mandatory industry program for conventional generating units 50 MW and larger starting January 1, 2012 and 20 MW and larger starting January 1, 2013. GADS remains open to all non-required participants in the Regional Entities (shown in Figure I-2 of the NERC GADS DRI) and any other organization (domestic or international) that operate electric generating facilities who is willing to follow the GADS mandatory requirements as presented in the document Final GADSTF Recommendations Report dated July 20, 2011. 
GADS data consists of three data types:
One example of such detail is that in its data pertaining to forced outages and unplanned unit failures, it makes the fine distinction between immediate, delayed, and postponed outages.
An important statistic calculated from the raw GADS data is the Equivalent Forced Outage Rate(EFOR), which is the hours of unit failure (unplanned outage hours and equivalent unplanned derated hours) given as a percentage of the total hours of the availability of that unit (unplanned outage, unplanned derated, and service hours).
Recently, in response to the deregulated energy markets, the Equivalent Forced Outage Rate – Demand (EFORd) has taken on greater importance:
Industry Development of GADS
Before any data element was included in GADS, an industry committee to determine its applicability to utility operation and RAM analyses scrutinized it. A series of industry meetings were held to discuss the analytical usefulness of each element and to determine if utilities could reasonably provide that data to GADS. Consequently, the only data requested in the GADS Data Reporting Instructions (DRI) meet industry-prescribed needs.
The industry also realized a need to include standardized terminology in the GADS program if it were to function on an international scale. As a result, the definitions promulgated by The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers' (IEEE) Standard 762, "Definitions for Reporting Electric Generating Unit Reliability, Availability and Productivity" were incorporated.
Utilities started their reporting using the GADS guidelines on January 1, 1982. 
GADS superseded the earlier data collection procedures begun by the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), a program started in the mid-1960s. GADS contains many of the same elements previously collected by EEI in addition to the many new data items. This seeming duplication of data was done intentionally: the EEI information can be derived from GADS so analyses that include data from earlier than 1982 can be completed.
See Also.
Availability

</doc>
<doc id="21347670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347670" title="Marco Lopez (actor)">
Marco Lopez (actor)

Marco Antonio Lopez (born September 10, 1935), also credited as Marco Antonio, Antonio Lopez, and Marco Lopez, is an American actor who was known for his roles in Jack Webb-produced television series, such as "Adam-12", where he played the recurring character of Officer Sanchez, and "Dragnet", where he was credited as Marco Antonio, and was the stand in for Webb on long shots. His first Hollywood job was as a stand-in for Elvis Presley in the 1956 movie "Love Me Tender". 
Lopez was born in Los Angeles of Mexican descent. In 1972, Lopez was offered a role that would bring him into the homes of millions of Americans weekly, the role of Firefighter Marco Lopez in the Jack Webb produced television series "Emergency!". Like his fellow "Emergency!" co-star Mike Stoker, Lopez used his real name as his character name, which led to confusion that he was an actual firefighter with the Los Angeles County Fire Department, this was later cleared up by Lopez himself, he had never worked with the LACoFD at any time. 
He would later get roles in such television shows as "MacGyver", "", "Adam-12", "Murder, She Wrote", and "The Six Million Dollar Man", he also appeared opposite Catherine Zeta-Jones, and Julia Roberts, in the movie "America's Sweethearts", where he had an uncredited role as a photographer. Lopez was also one of the original "extra" crewman on "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", a show he lent his visage (though seldom his voice) to from 1964 to 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21347678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347678" title="Units of measurement">
Units of measurement

A unit of measurement is a definite magnitude of a physical quantity, defined and adopted by convention or by law, that is used as a standard for measurement of the same physical quantity. Any other value of the physical quantity can be expressed as a simple multiple of the unit of measurement.
For example, length is a physical quantity. The metre is a unit of length that represents a definite predetermined length. When we say 10 metres (or 10 m), we actually mean 10 times the definite predetermined length called "metre".
The definition, agreement, and practical use of units of measurement have played a crucial role in human endeavour from early ages up to this day. Different systems of units used to be very common. Now there is a global standard, the International System of Units (SI), the modern form of the metric system.
In trade, weights and measures is often a subject of governmental regulation, to ensure fairness and transparency. The International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) is tasked with ensuring worldwide uniformity of measurements and their traceability to the International System of Units (SI). Metrology is the science for developing nationally and internationally accepted units of weights and measures.
In physics and metrology, units are standards for measurement of physical quantities that need clear definitions to be useful. Reproducibility of experimental results is central to the scientific method. A standard system of units facilitates this. Scientific systems of units are a refinement of the concept of weights and measures developed long ago for commercial purposes.
Science, medicine, and engineering often use larger and smaller units of measurement than those used in everyday life and indicate them more precisely. The judicious selection of the units of measurement can aid researchers in problem solving (see, for example, dimensional analysis).
In the social sciences, there are no standard units of measurement and the theory and practice of measurement is studied in psychometrics and the theory of conjoint measurement.
History.
A unit of measurement is a standardised quantity of a physical property, used as a factor to express occurring quantities of that property. Units of measurement were among the earliest tools invented by humans. Primitive societies needed rudimentary measures for many tasks: constructing dwellings of an appropriate size and shape, fashioning clothing, or bartering food or raw materials.
The earliest known uniform systems of weights and measures seem to have all been created sometime in the 4th and 3rd millennia BC among the ancient peoples of Mesopotamia, Egypt and the Indus Valley, and perhaps also Elam in Persia as well.
Weights and measures are mentioned in the Bible (Leviticus 19:35-36). It is a commandment to be honest and have fair measures.
In "The Magna Carta" of 1215 (The Great Charter) with the seal of King John, put before him by the Barons of England, King John agreed in Clause 35 "There shall be one measure of wine throughout our whole realm, and one measure of ale and one measure of corn--namely, the London quart;--and one width of dyed and russet and hauberk cloths--namely, two ells below the selvage..."
Systems of units.
Traditional systems.
Historically many of the systems of measurement which had been in use were to some extent based on the dimensions of the human body according to the proportions described by Marcus Vitruvius Pollio. As a result, units of measure could vary not only from location to location, but from person to person.
Metric systems.
A number of metric systems of units have evolved since the adoption of the original metric system in France in 1791. The current international standard metric system is the International System of Units. An important feature of modern systems is standardization. Each unit has a universally recognized size.
Both the Imperial units and US customary units derive from earlier English units. Imperial units were mostly used in the British Commonwealth and the former British Empire. US customary units are still the main system of measurement used in the United States despite Congress having legally authorized metric measure on 28 July 1866. Some steps towards US metrication have been made, particularly the redefinition of basic US and imperial units to derive exactly from SI units. Since the international yard and pound agreement of 1959 the US and imperial inch is now defined as exactly 0.0254 m, and the US and imperial avoirdupois pound is now defined as exactly 453.59237 g.
Natural systems.
While the above systems of units are based on arbitrary unit values, formalised as standards, some unit values occur naturally in science. Systems of units based on these are called natural units. Similar to natural units, atomic units (au) are a convenient system of units of measurement used in atomic physics.
Also a great number of unusual and non-standard units may be encountered. These may include the Solar mass (2 x 1030 kg) and the Megaton (the energy released by detonating one million tons of TNT).
Legal control of weights and measures.
To reduce the incidence of retail fraud, many national statutes have standard definitions of weights and measures that may be used (hence "statute measure"), and these are verified by legal officers.
Base and derived units.
Different systems of units are based on different choices of a set of fundamental units.
The most widely used system of units is the International System of Units, or SI. There are seven SI base units. All other SI units can be derived from these base units.
For most quantities a unit is absolutely necessary to communicate values of that physical quantity. For example, conveying to someone a particular length without using some sort of unit is impossible, because a length cannot be described without a reference used to make sense of the value given.
But not all quantities require a unit of their own. Using physical laws, units of quantities can be expressed as combinations of units of other quantities. Thus only a small set of units is required. These units are taken as the "base units". Other units are "derived units". Derived units are a matter of convenience, as they can be expressed in terms of basic units. Which units are considered base units is a matter of choice.
The base units of SI are actually not the smallest set possible. Smaller sets have been defined. For example, there are unit sets in which the electric and magnetic field have the same unit. This is based on physical laws that show that electric and magnetic field are actually different manifestations of the same phenomenon.
Calculations with units of measurements.
Units as dimensions.
Any value of a physical quantity is expressed as a comparison to a unit of that quantity. For example, the value of a physical quantity "Z" is expressed as the product of a unit and a numerical factor:
The multiplication sign is usually left out, just as it is left out between variables in scientific notation of formulas. The conventions used to express quantities is referred to as quantity calculus. In formulas the unit can be treated as if it were a specific magnitude of a kind of physical dimension: see dimensional analysis for more on this treatment.
Units can only be added or subtracted if they are the same type; however units can always be multiplied or divided, as George Gamow used to explain:
A distinction should be made between units and standards. A unit is fixed by its definition, and is independent of physical conditions such as temperature. By contrast, a standard is a physical realization of a unit, and realizes that unit only under certain physical conditions. For example, the metre is a unit, while a metal bar is a standard. One metre is the same length regardless of temperature, but a metal bar will be exactly one metre long only at a certain temperature.
Expressing a physical value in terms of another unit.
Conversion of units involves comparison of different standard physical values, either of a single physical quantity or of a physical quantity and a combination of other physical quantities.
Starting with:
just replace the original unit formula_3, e.g. if formula_4, then:
Now formula_6 and formula_7 are both numerical values, so just calculate their product.
Or, which is just mathematically the same thing, multiply "Z" by unity, the product is still "Z":
For example, you have an expression for a physical value "Z" involving the unit "feet per second" (formula_9):
Or as an example using the metric system, you have a value of fuel economy in the unit "litres per 100 kilometres" and you want it in terms of the unit "microlitres per metre":
Real-world implications.
One example of the importance of agreed units is the failure of the NASA Mars Climate Orbiter, which was accidentally destroyed on a mission to Mars in September 1999 instead of entering orbit due to miscommunications about the value of forces: different computer programs used different units of measurement (newton versus pound force). Considerable amounts of effort, time, and money were wasted.
On April 15, 1999 Korean Air cargo from Shanghai to Seoul was lost due to the crew confusing tower instructions (in metres) and altimeter readings (in feet). Three crew and five people on the ground were killed. Thirty seven were injured.
In 1983, a Boeing 767 (which came to be known as the Gimli Glider) ran out of fuel in mid-flight because of two mistakes in figuring the fuel supply of Air Canada's first aircraft to use metric measurements. This accident is apparently the result of confusion both due to the simultaneous use of metric & Imperial measures as well as mass & volume measures.

</doc>
<doc id="21347681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347681" title="Ukuru-class escort ship">
Ukuru-class escort ship

The were a class of ships in the service of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
The Japanese called these ships "Kaibōkan", "ocean defence ships" ("Kai" = sea, ocean, "Bō" = defense, "Kan" = ship), a name used to denote a multi-purpose vessel. 
The twenty-nine ships of the "Ukuru" class were a major part of Japan's escort force from the middle of World War II.
They were denoted "Modified Type B"() ships, and they were the fourth class of "Kaibokan".
The "Ukurus", like the , were dedicated to the anti-aircraft and anti-submarine role. The Ukuru class was a further simplification of the "Mikura" design. The "Ukurus" were constructed using prefabricated sections that enabled them to be built in as little as four months. Despite being easy to build, they proved quite durable, with 11 occurrences of the class striking mines and only 3 sinking, one of which was after the war. "Ikuna" survived being torpedoed by the and striking a mine as well.
The "Ukuru" class was initially armed with 120 depth charges with 2 Type 94 depth charge projectors, sixteen Type 3 depth charge throwers and two depth charge chutes and would later receive an 8 cm trench mortar. The number of AA machine guns was increased to 16 to 20 25mm. They received Type 22 and Type 13 radars, and Type 93 or Type 3 sonar in 1943-1944.
"Okinawa" was the most successful ship of the class, helping to sink two US submarines, the on April 14, 1945 with the kaibokans "CD-8, CD-32", and "CD-52"; and on June 19, 1945 with kaibokans "CD-63, CD-75, CD-158", and "CD-207"
Ships.
There were 29 ships completed of 142 planned.

</doc>
<doc id="21347684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347684" title="Arata Izumi">
Arata Izumi

Arata Izumi (born 31 July 1982) is an Japanese born Indian footballer who plays as a Attacking Midfielder for Pune F.C. in the I-League.
Career.
Albirex Niigata Singapore.
In 2005 Izumi started his professional football career with Albirex Niigata Singapore of the S.League. Albirex Niigata Singapore was an affiliate of Albirex Niigata of the J.League. Arata grew a reputation for his speed while in the S.League. He scored his first professional goal of his career against Tampines Rovers FC in the S.League on 18 September 2005. He then scored his second goal of the season on 30 September 2005 against Woodlands Wellington. Arata ended the season with 22 caps in S.League with 3 goals and 2 caps in the Singapore Cup scoring 1 goal.
Mitsubishi Mizushima.
In 2006 after a successful season with Albirex Niigata Singapore in which the team finished 5th in the S.League, Arata moved back to Japan and signed for Mitsubishi Motors Mizushima F.C. of the Japan Football League. While with the team Arata also worked for Mitsubishi Motors as a toso (a person of paints cars). He worked 10 hours a day from 5 in the morning to 6 in the evening with the car company and then he spent 2 hours practicing with the football team. Despite scoring 7 goals and gaining 7 assists in 24 games during the 2006 season Izumi could not stop the club finishing in 17th place, 2nd the last that season.
East Bengal.
In November 2006 Izumi signed for East Bengal F.C. of the National Football League. At first he struggled to get accustomed to the Indian climate but eventually he found his way. He ended his maiden season with the club with 1 goal and 10 assists in 14 games.
Mahindra United.
In 2007 Izumi signed for Mahindra United of the I-League which was the league replacing the old National Football League. He began the 2007–08 I-League campaign with an injury which kept him out of football for six months. He managed to come back that season, scoring 1 goal and getting 2 assists in 8 games. The next season Izumi scored 1 goal and gained 5 assists in 16 I-League games. That season Arata and Mahindra won the Durand Cup.
Pune.
In 2009 Izumi signed for newly promoted I-League side Pune FC. Izumi has called his move to Pune as the turning point of his career. In 2010 he finished the season with a career high 10 goals and 10 assists in 26 games. He also scored an extra 6 goals in cup matches. He was the top goalscorer among all midfielders and was also nominated as the best midfielder in the I-League by goal.com. Izumi also won the Pune FC Man of Steel award from the club that season. Arata continued his good form for the club in 2010–11 scoring 6 goals and getting 9 assists in 24 games. On 22 October 2011 Izumi made his 50th appearance for the club in I-League in the opening match of the 2011–12 season against Shillong Lajong. On 24 August 2012 Izumi extended his contract by 2 years with Pune FC.
International.
On 24 August 2012, Izumi gained Indian citizenship, thus making him eligible to play for India at the international level. Then on 29 January 2013 it was confirmed that Izumi had been called up to Wim Koevermans side for the friendly against Palestine. Izumi then made his international debut in that match when he came on in the 64th minute for Lenny Rodrigues as India went on to lose the match 4–2.
Since then Izumi has also been called up to India's 2014 AFC Challenge Cup qualification squad and their 2013 SAFF Championship squad.
Personal.
Arata was born to an Indian father and Japanese mother. On 24 August 2012 it was officially announced by his club, Pune FC, that he has received Indian citizenship from the Government of India. Izumi also holds an Indian name, Neelkanth Khambholja.

</doc>
<doc id="21347693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347693" title="Watt">
Watt

The watt (symbol: W) is a derived unit of power in the International System of Units (SI), named after the Scottish engineer James Watt (1736–1819). The unit, defined as one joule per second, measures the rate of energy conversion or transfer.
Definition.
One watt is the rate at which work is done when an object's velocity is held constant at one meter per second against constant opposing force of one newton.
In terms of electromagnetism, one watt is the rate at which work is done when one ampere (A) of current flows through an electrical potential difference of one volt (V).
Two additional unit conversions for watt can be found using the above equation and Ohm's Law.
Where ohm (formula_4) is the SI derived unit of electrical resistance.
Origin and adoption as an SI unit.
The watt is named after the Scottish scientist James Watt for his contributions to the development of the steam engine. The measurement unit was recognized by the Second Congress of the British Association for the Advancement of Science in 1882, concurrent with the start of commercial power production from both water and steam. In 1960 the 11th General Conference on Weights and Measures adopted it for the measurement of power into the International System of Units (SI).
Multiples.
Femtowatt.
The femtowatt is equal to one quadrillionth (10−15) of a watt. Technologically important powers that are measured in femtowatts are typically found in reference(s) to radio and radar receivers. For example, meaningful FM tuner performance figures for sensitivity, quieting and signal-to-noise require that the RF energy applied to the antenna input be specified. These input levels are often stated in dBf (decibels referenced to 1 femtowatt). This is 0.2739 microvolt across a 75-ohm load or 0.5477 microvolt across a 300 ohm load; the specification takes into account the RF input impedance of the tuner.
Picowatt.
The picowatt is equal to one trillionth (10−12) of a watt. Technologically important powers that are measured in picowatts are typically used in reference to radio and radar receivers, acoustics and in the science of radio astronomy.
Nanowatt.
The nanowatt is equal to one billionth (10−9) of a watt. A surface area of one square meter on Earth receives one nanowatt of power from a single star of apparent magnitude +3.5. Important powers that are measured in nanowatts are also typically used in reference to radio and radar receivers.
Microwatt.
The microwatt is equal to one millionth (10−6) of a watt. Important powers that are measured in microwatts are typically stated in medical instrumentation systems such as the EEG and the ECG, in a wide variety of scientific and engineering instruments and also in reference to radio and radar receivers. Compact solar cells for devices such as calculators and watches are typically measured in microwatts.
Milliwatt.
The milliwatt is equal to one thousandth (10−3) of a watt. A typical laser pointer outputs about five milliwatts of light power, whereas a typical hearing aid for people uses less than one milliwatt.
Kilowatt.
The kilowatt is equal to one thousand (103) watts, or one sthene-metre per second. This unit is typically used to express the output power of engines and the power of electric motors, tools, machines, and heaters. It is also a common unit used to express the electromagnetic power output of broadcast radio and television transmitters.
In the USA and some other countries, one kilowatt is approximately equal to 1.34 horsepower. A small electric heater with one heating element can use 1.0 kilowatt, which is equivalent to the power of a household in the United States averaged over the entire year.
Also, kilowatts of light power can be measured in the output pulses of some lasers.
A surface area of one square meter on Earth receives typically one kilowatt of sunlight from the sun (on a clear day at mid day).
Megawatt.
The megawatt is equal to one million (106) watts. Many events or machines produce or sustain the conversion of energy on this scale, including lightning strikes; large electric motors; large warships such as aircraft carriers, cruisers, and submarines; large server farms or data centers; and some scientific research equipment, such as supercolliders, and the output pulses of very large lasers. A large residential or commercial building may use several megawatts in electric power and heat.
On railways, modern high-powered electric locomotives typically have a peak power output of 5 or 6 MW, although some produce much more. The Eurostar, for example, uses more than 12 MW, while heavy diesel-electric locomotives typically produce/use 3 to 5 MW. U.S. nuclear power plants have net summer capacities between about 500 and 1300 MW.
The earliest citing of the megawatt in the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) is a reference in the 1900 Webster's International Dictionary of English Language. The OED also states that megawatt appeared in a 28 November 1947 article in the journal "Science" (506:2).
Gigawatt.
The gigawatt is equal to one billion (109) watts or 1 gigawatt = 1000 megawatts. This unit is sometimes used for large power plants or power grids. For example, by the end of 2010 power shortages in China's Shanxi province were expected to increase to 5–6 GW and the installed capacity of wind power in Germany was 25.8 GW. The largest unit (out of four) of the Belgian Nuclear Plant Doel has a peak output of 1.04 GW. HVDC converters have been built with power ratings of up to 2 GW. The London Array, the world's largest offshore wind farm, is designed to produce a gigawatt of power.
Terawatt.
The terawatt is equal to one trillion (1012) watts. The total power used by humans worldwide (about 16 TW in 2006) is commonly measured in this unit. The most powerful lasers from the mid-1960s to the mid-1990s produced power in terawatts, but only for nanosecond time frames. The average lightning strike peaks at 1 terawatt, but these strikes only last for 30 microseconds.
Petawatt.
The petawatt is equal to one quadrillion (1015) watts and can be produced by the current generation of lasers for time-scales on the order of picoseconds (10−12 s). One such laser is the Lawrence Livermore's Nova laser, which achieved a power output of 1.25 PW (1.25 × 1015 W) by a process called chirped pulse amplification. The duration of the pulse was about 0.5 ps (5 × 10−13 s), giving a total energy of 600 J, or enough energy to power a 100 W light bulb for six seconds.
Based on the average total solar irradiance of 1.366 kW/m2, the total power of sunlight striking Earth's atmosphere is estimated at 174 PW (cf. Solar Constant).
Electrical and thermal watts.
In the electric power industry, "megawatt electrical" (abbreviation: MWe or MWe) is a term that refers to electric power, while "megawatt thermal" or "thermal megawatt" (abbreviations: MWt, MWth, MWt, or MWth) refers to thermal power produced. Other SI prefixes are sometimes used, for example "gigawatt electrical" (GWe).
For example, the Embalse nuclear power plant in Argentina uses a fission reactor to generate 2109 MWt of heat, which creates steam to drive a turbine, which generates 648 MWe of electricity (a numerical energy conversion efficiency of 648/2109 = 0.307, or 30.7%). The difference is due to the inefficiency of steam-turbine generators and the limitations of the theoretical Rankine cycle.
Confusion of watts, watt-hours and watts per hour.
The terms power and energy are frequently confused. Power is the rate at which energy is generated or consumed and hence is measured in units (e.g. watts) that represent 'energy per unit time'.
For example, when a light bulb with a power rating of is turned on for one hour, the energy used is 100 watt hours (W·h), 0.1 kilowatt hour, or 360 kJ. This same amount of energy would light a 40-watt bulb for 2.5 hours, or a 50-watt bulb for 2 hours. A power station would be rated in multiples of watts, but its annual energy sales would be in multiples of watt hours. A kilowatt hour is the amount of energy equivalent to a steady power of 1 kilowatt running for 1 hour, or 3.6 MJ (1000 watts × 3600 seconds (i.e., 60 seconds per minute × 60 minutes per hour) = 3,600,000 joules = 3.6 MJ).
Terms such as "watts per hour" are often misused when "watts" would be correct. Watts per hour properly refers to the "change" of power per hour. Watts per hour (W/h) might be useful to characterize the ramp-up behavior of power plants. For example, a power plant that reaches a power output of 1 MW from 0 MW in 15 minutes has a ramp-up rate of 4 MW/h. Hydroelectric power plants have a very high ramp-up rate, which makes them particularly useful in peak load and emergency situations.
Major energy production or consumption is often expressed as terawatt hours for a given period that is often a calendar year or financial year. One terawatt hour is equal to a sustained power of approximately 114 megawatts for a period of one year.
The watt second is a unit of energy, equal to the joule. One kilowatt hour is 3,600,000 watt seconds. The watt second is used, for example, to rate the energy storage of flash lamps used in photography, although the term "joule" is generally employed.

</doc>
<doc id="21347699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347699" title="Lichinales">
Lichinales

The Lichinales are an order of ascomycete fungi. Most species are lichenized.

</doc>
<doc id="21347735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347735" title="Gloeoheppiaceae">
Gloeoheppiaceae

The Gloeoheppiaceae are a family of ascomycete fungi. Most species are lichenized with cyanobacteria. Species in this family are mostly found in desert areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21347750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347750" title="RV Vema">
RV Vema

The research vessel Vema was a three-masted schooner of the Lamont Geological Observatory (now the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory a research unit of Columbia University. The . vessel, with her almost indestructible Swedish steel hull, became renowned as one of the world’s most productive oceanographic research vessels. The ship had been first sailed for pleasure under the name Hussar, and after its career as a research vessel entered a new career as the cruising yacht Mandalay.
E.F. Hutton's luxury yacht, "Hussar".
Designed by Cox & Stevens and built in 1923 by Burmeister & Wain in Copenhagen for E. F. Hutton and his wife Marjorie Merriweather Post, the 585-ton luxury yacht "Hussar" had an iron-hull and was at its time the epitome of maritime luxury and glamour in its class. In 1934 Hutton had built the "Hussar (II)" (later Sea Cloud), an even larger yacht than his first "Hussar". In 1935, the "Hussar" was sold to Norwegian shipping magnate, G. Unger Vetlesen and his wife Maude Monell and renamed "Vema", a combination of Vetlesen and Maude. The Vetlesens spent many pleasurable days at sea.
"Vema" during WWII.
During World War II, Maude Monell donated "Vema" to the American war effort. The vessel was put into service as a merchant marine cadet training ship. The "Vema" was first put to use patrolling coastal waters for the US Coast Guard. Having lost her glitter the vessel patrolled coastal waters. Later served as a barrack and a training ship for the United States Merchant Marine. Assigned to the US Maritime Service Training Station on Hoffman Island, her sailing area was listed as 14,000 sqf. After the war she was abandoned off Staten Island until "a captain from Nova Scotia" salvaged the vessel. LDEO leased the vessel in 1953 and soon bought it for $ 100,000.
Research Vessel "Vema".
"Vema" started circling the globe as the first of the Lamont Geological Observatory's research vessels. Displaying a black hull, it was used to collect samples of seawater and sediment cores, measure currents and heat flows, perform underwater photography and seismic studies, and map out ocean floors. The work on the ship helped to confirm the continental drift theory. By the time of her retirement in 1981, the "Vema" had collected data on a record track of . Notable scientists who worked aboard the "Vema" include Maurice Ewing, Bruce C. Heezen, Ralph (Ralphy) Roessler, J. Lamar Worzel, Jack Nafe, Frank Press, and Walter Pitman, all of whose work was greatly facilitated by Marine Technical Coordinator Robert Gerard, who was responsible for the fitting and refitting of LDEO marine research vessels from the Vema through its successors, the Conrad, Eltanin, and , including the design and installation of numerous pieces of customized scientific measurement equipment critical to their research.
Cruising yacht "Mandalay".
The ship was refitted again as a cruising yacht for the Caribbean under the name SV "Mandalay" (also "Mandalay of Tortola") with a sail area of > . The ship was operated by Windjammer Barefoot Cruises from 1982 until the operator went out of business in 2008.
Mandalay subsequently was purchased at auction, refurbished,and used as specialty cruise ship in the Galapagos islands off Equator by Angermeyer Cruises. The SV Mandalay is currently run by Sail Windjammer and sails weekly out of Grenada for week long cruises in the Grenadines.
Note.
The Miramar Ship Index lists the vessel incorrectly as "Verna" instead of "Vema".

</doc>
<doc id="21347751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347751" title="Heppiaceae">
Heppiaceae

The Heppiaceae are a family of ascomycete fungi. Most species are lichenized with cyanobacteria.

</doc>
<doc id="21347764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347764" title="Lichinaceae">
Lichinaceae

The Lichinaceae are a family of ascomycete fungi. Most species are lichenized, and have a distribution largely in temperate regions.
Genera.
The following genera are in the Lichinaceae family, according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota. Genera with a question mark preceding them have an uncertain taxonomic placement in the family.
"Anema" — 
"Calotrichopsis" — 
"Cryptothele" — 
"Digitothyrea" — 
"Edwardiella" — 
"Ephebe" — 
"Euopsis" — 
"Finkia" — 
"Gonohymenia" — 
"Gyrocollema" — 
"Harpidium" — 
"Jenmania" — 
"Lecidopyrenopsis" — 
"Lemmopsis" — 
"Lempholemma" — 
"Leprocollema" — 
"Lichina" — 
"Lichinella" — 
"Lichinodium" — 
?"Mawsonia" — 
"Metamelaena" — 
"Paulia" — 
"Peccania" — 
"Phloeopeccania" — 
"Phylliscidiopsis" — 
"Phylliscidium" — 
"Phyllisciella" — 
"Phylliscum" — 
"Porocyphus" — 
?"Pseudarctomi" — 
"Pseudopaulia" — 
"Psorotichia" — 
"Pterygiopsis" — 
"Pyrenocarpon" — 
"Pyrenopsis" — 
"Stromatella" — 
"Synalissa" — 
"Thelignya" — 
"Thermutis" — 
"Thermutopsis" — 
"Thyrea" — 
"Zahlbrucknerella"

</doc>
<doc id="21347766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347766" title="Monika Sosnowska">
Monika Sosnowska

Monika Sosnowska (born 1972 in Ryki, Poland) studied at the Painting Department of the Academy of Fine Arts in Poznan (1993–1998), and the Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten in Amsterdam (1999–2000. In 2003 she received the Bâloise Prize at Art Basel as well as the Polityka's Passport award given by Poland’s most prestigious weekly.
Sosnowska lives in Warsaw. She studied in the painting department at Poznan, but during her final years at the academy she found that the ‘painting started to escape her canvas.’ She began to create works that played with both two-dimensional painting and three-dimensional space, finally giving up the canvas altogether and instead using the space itself as a sort of 3-D painting.
Sosnowska treats space as a medium for her works, always designing projects to fit into a specific space. Often she modifies pre-existent architecture, transforming the physical space into mental space and playing with the viewer’s perceptions. She has explained: ‘I am especially interested in the moments when architectural space begins to take on the characteristics of mental space.’
Key works.
In 2003 she took part in the 50th Venice Biennale, contributing The Corridor to the Arsenale exhibition ‘Clandestine’, curated by Francesco Bonami. Sosnowska created an architectural intervention that was also an optical illusion. Her institutional-looking corridor appeared to stretch on a long distance and it was only upon entering it that the viewer realized that the space became narrower and lower making it impossible to reach the doors at the end and remain upright.
In 2007 Sosnowska represented Poland at the 52nd International Venice Biennale, presenting ‘1:1’ which crammed a bent fragment of modern architecture into the Polonia Pavilion, a 1930s building. Sosnowska wrote: ‘It should look as if two buildings have been constructed in the same space and have to live in symbiosis, or rather to parasite on each other. To fight, or rather to wrestle with each other. In reality my intention is to create a surreal and impossible situation.’
Other major international exhibitions by Sosnowska include a solo show at New York's Museum of Modern Art in 2006, for which she used the existing space to create a three-dimensional sculpture of geometric forms; ‘Loop’ at Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein in 2007, a Moebius strip-like architectural intervention; ‘Monika Sosnowska, Andrea Zittel. 1:1’ at Schaulager, Basel, in 2008; and ‘Untitled’ for K21 Ständehaus, Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen, Düsseldorf, a de Chirico-esque response to the extraordinary architecture and history of the museum, on display until 15 April 2012.
External links.
Bâloise Prize
Polityka's Passport
Foksal Gallery Foundation

</doc>
<doc id="21347769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347769" title="Ron Pinkard">
Ron Pinkard

Ronald F. Pinkard (also billed as LCDR Ronald F. Pinkard, and Ron Pinkard born, January 22, 1941 in Denver, Colorado) is an American actor best known for his role as Dr. Mike Morton in the Jack Webb produced television series "Emergency!"
Pinkard has also appeared in episodes of several other television series, including "Dragnet", "Barnaby Jones", "Ironside", ', "Perry Mason", "Adam-12", "Quincy, M.E.", "The Partridge Family", "Wild Wild West", "Matlock", "Gemini Man", "The White Shadow", "Matt Houston", and "Knight Rider". He also served as a technical advisor on the movie "Flight of the Intruder", and received a ""special thanks"" in the movies "Tiger Street", and as LCDR Ronald F. Pinkard, USNR'" in the movie "The Hunt for Red October". In most of his roles, he portrays police officers, or doctors. He played Judge McElvy in Perry Mason: The Case of the Defiant Daughter (TV Movie 1990).
He served as a Lieutenant Commander in the United States Navy Reserve. He retired as a full Commander.
From September 15, 1991, Ron Pinkard served as head of the Denver Film Commission until he retired in 2003.
See also.
List of Emergency! characters

</doc>
<doc id="21347773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347773" title="Peltulaceae">
Peltulaceae

The Peltulaceae are a family of ascomycete fungi. Most species are lichenized, and are widely distributed, found mostly in arid regions.

</doc>
<doc id="21347813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347813" title="GADS Task Force">
GADS Task Force

The Gateway Algorithms and Data Structures (GADS) Task Force was the precursor to the Internet Engineering Task Force. Its chairman was David L. Mills of the University of Delaware.
At its dissolution, GADS was divided into two, the Internet Engineering Task Force (which dealt with the engineering and technology transfer issues that GADS had dealt with) and the Internet Architecture Task Force (which dealt with the research issues that GADS had dealt with, which Mills continued chair.)

</doc>
<doc id="21347816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347816" title="Roots (Shawn McDonald album)">
Roots (Shawn McDonald album)

Roots is the third studio album by American-Christian singer-songwriter Shawn McDonald. The album was released on March 11, 2008 by Sparrow Records. This album was produced by Christopher Stevens. The album got commercial successes and positive reception.
Background.
The third studio album from American-Christian musician Shawn McDonald is entitled "Roots". The album was produced by Christopher Stevens, and it released on March 11, 2008 through Sparrow Records.
Critical reception.
"Roots" garnered generally positive reception from nine music critics ratings and reviews. At "Christianity Today", Russ Breimeier rated the album four-and-a-half stars, remarking how the release "finds the rapidly burgeoning singer/songwriter becoming even more grounded in his creative abilities", and this makes it "easily his finest work to date." Andree Farias of AllMusic rated the album four stars, stating that "Roots brings all of those elements together with far more focus and balance, adding a healthy dose of his trippy folk-pop approach and a dash of organic soul to create McDonald's most accomplished album to date." At Cross Rhythms, Alastair McCollum rated the album nine squares, calling it "a near perfect CD". Scott Fryberger of Jesus Freak Hideout rated the album four stars, saying that ""Roots" is definitely worth the money though, and if you like beautiful guitars and heartwarming melodies, it's a good addition to your collection." At "CCM Magazine", Matt Conner rated the album three stars, observing how the album has a misleading title and some mistakes on it, but did say that ""Roots" reaches new heights for an already impressive singer/songwriter." Kaj Roth of Melodic rated the album two-and-a-half stars, calling this "an uneven affair." At The Christian Manifesto, Calvin Moore rated the album three stars, writing that "'Roots' is definitely more commercially-viable, but I think he has stepped away from the sound that initially drew people to him", which "There is something to be found in 'Roots,' its just not likely what you’re expecting to find because you didn't know you were looking for it", and "In actuality, this may be the genius of Shawn McDonald's music." Barry Collins of Christian Music Review rated the album an 8.1 out of ten, saying that "This album is truly unique and carries a good message, but it could be missed if not listened to carefully." At The Phantom Tollbooth, Ryan Ro gave a positive review of the album, stating that the release is not an album of the year candidate, however writes that McDonald "has delivered a winner that is enjoyable and, at times, indeed 'captivating.'"
Commercial performance.
For the "Billboard" charting week of March 29, 2008, "Roots" was the No. 198 most sold album in the entirety of the United States by the "Billboard" 200, and it was the No. 14 most sold Top Christian Album.

</doc>
<doc id="21347823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347823" title="Ron Jourdan">
Ron Jourdan

Ronald Lee Jourdan (February 28, 1947-January 1, 2014) was an American college and Olympic track and field athlete. Jourdan was a NCAA champion in the high jump from Florida and member of the 1972 U.S. Olympic team. Jourdan, along with Reynaldo Brown of California, were the last great American high jumpers to use the straight-leg straddle, the style which dominated the sport in the 1950s and 1960s. Jourdan's personal best was .
Early years.
Ron Jourdan was born and raised in Pensacola, Florida. He attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he was a member of coach Jimmy Carnes' Florida Gators track and field team from 1966 to 1970. In his junior year, Jourdan won the 1969 NCAA Division 1 Indoor championship at Detroit's Cobo Hall, establishing a new meet record of , breaking the record of 7'0" set in 1966 by Otis Burrell of Nevada: it was the only record broken at those championships. That same year he also won both the indoor and outdoor Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships, setting new meet records of 7'0" both times. Jourdan finished fourth at the AAU outdoor championships in 1969 and finished the season with the fourth-best jump in the world for that year (2.185). He repeated as SEC champion in the high jump in 1970, both indoors and outdoors, jumping 6-10 both times. He later equaled his personal best (2.185), the tenth best jump in the world in 1970.
1972 Olympics.
After graduating from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in 1973, Jourdan remained at Gainesville and competed for the Florida Track Club (FTC). Jourdan stood six-feet, one-inch (1.86 meters) tall, and was rail-thin at . At the 1972 Olympic Trials, held in Eugene, Oregon between June 29 and July 9, Jourdan was one of four members of the FTC to qualify for the Munich Olympics, along with distance runners Frank Shorter, Jack Bacheler and Jeff Galloway. The men's high jump final was held on the last day, and Jourdan began competition at 2.10 (6'-9") and set a personal best of 2.21 (7'-3"), finishing second to Dwight Stones. The top three all jumped 7'-3" on their second attempts, securing their berths to Munich, then failed at 7'-4" (2.25), with Stones winning by virtue of fewer misses at lower heights. Both Stones (UCLA) and Chris Dunn (Colgate) were younger and taller collegiate jumpers (6'-6" and 6'-5", respectively) and utilized the - then relatively new - Fosbury Flop style, while Jourdan and Reynaldo Brown (who finished fourth) used the classic straight-leg straddle.
While training in Italy immediately prior to the Olympics, Jourdan sustained a leg injury. At the Olympics in September, he did not advance out of the Qualifying Round. He began competition at the low height of 1.90 (6'-3") because of his injury and progressed through 2.00, 2.06, 2.09 and 2.12 all on his first attempts, before missing all three tries at 2.15 (7'-0"). Jourdan holds the distinction of being the first athlete from the University of Florida to qualify for the Olympics in the sport of track and field (athletics). "Track & Field News" magazine ("The Bible of the Sport") ranked Jourdan the #2 U.S. high jumper in 1972 (behind Dwight Stones, who won the Bronze medal at Munich with a leap of 7'-3" in the finals). 
In 1973, Jourdan gave up his amateur status and continued to compete in the high jump as a professional on tour with the newly created International Track Association (ITA). Despite initial success, the ITA folded within a few years.
He died January 1, 2014 in Baldwyn, Mississippi, shortly after retiring from a 30-year career with Warrior & Gulf Navigation Company, a barge company in Mobile, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="21347826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347826" title="Cuando llega el amor">
Cuando llega el amor

Cuando llega el amor (English: When Love Arrives) is a telenovela made by Mexican TV network Televisa. It is a telenovela aimed to young audience, set in Mexico. This telenovela was broadcast in 1990.
Plot.
Isabel Contreras (Lucero) is a privileged youngster. She is beautiful, wealthy, her parents love her, she is engaged to the handsome Rodrigo (Guillermo García) and they are going to marry once she finishes school. Alonso (Francisco Bernal), her horsemanship teacher, proposes her to represent the country in an international contest.
Isabel has a foe in her own home, her cousin Alejandra (Nailea Norvind), who hates Isabel. Alejandra wants to harm Isabel, and she does, when she seduces Rodrigo and Isabel finds them. Isabel knows that her father would kill Alejandra if he realizes about this incident, so Isabel remains silent.
Isabel breaks her engagement without giving explanations and she finds comfort in the preparations of the next tournament. Before the contest starts, Alejandra cut the reins of the horse of Isabel provoking her tumble. Isabel injures her back and she must use crutches.
Lonely and depressed, Isabel entertains herself watching through the window to the opposite apartment. Luis Felipe (Omar Fierro), a photographer, who lives in that apartment falls in love with Isabel. Alejandra meddles once again and tries to separate them.
Reception & Music.
The marvelous performance of Lucero gave her a TVyNovelas Award for best actress. This performance was balanced with the one of Nailea Norvind as the vipirish villain.
Lucero sang the main theme and it was a hit in that year. It was released as a special album.
As incidental music, the song Sirus by The Alan Parsons Project is featured.

</doc>
<doc id="21347827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347827" title="Single Spies">
Single Spies

Single Spies is a 1988 stage play written by English playwright Alan Bennett. It consists of two acts, An Englishman Abroad and A Question of Attribution.
Stage play.
An Englishman Abroad is based on the true story of a chance meeting of an actress, Coral Browne, with Guy Burgess, a member of the Cambridge spy ring who worked for the Soviet Union whilst with MI6.
A Question of Attribution is based on Anthony Blunt's role in the Cambridge Spy Ring and, as Surveyor of the Queen's Pictures, personal art advisor to Queen Elizabeth II. It portrays his interrogation by MI5 officers, his work researching and restoring art, and his relationship with the Queen.
TV plays.
"An Englishman Abroad" is a 1983 BBC television drama written by Alan Bennett and directed by John Schlesinger; Alan Bates starred as Guy Burgess whilst Browne starred as herself.
"A Question of Attribution" is a 1991 television play written by Alan Bennett and commissioned by the BBC. Directed by John Schlesinger, it starred James Fox as Anthony Blunt and Prunella Scales as Queen Elizabeth II.
Reception.
In a televised documentary "Caviar to the General" broadcast on UK Channel 4 in 1990, shortly before her death, Coral Browne humorously described her reaction to seeing the stage version of "An Englishman Abroad", particularly expressing her irritation at the costumes. She recalled that when she made the film version, the costume designer went to great lengths to find out what she wore at the time the story is set, but when she saw the stage costumes she exclaimed: "I nearly died. Fake fur and hats that wouldn't have come out of a grab bag at the Sally Army on Boxing Day. I was mortified. If the play ever comes to Broadway, I shall go armed with three lawyers and sue. I consider it a defamation".

</doc>
<doc id="21347848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347848" title="Union United Church">
Union United Church

The Union United Church of Montreal is the city of Montreal’s oldest Black congregation. It was founded in 1907 by several members of Montreal’s Black community who experienced racial conflict and were banned from entering all-White churches. Union was started with a treasury of just $1.83. The church has gone on to have a long and rich history, and celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2007. It is just one of the many churches that are part of the United Church of Canada denomination. It is believed to be the only church affiliated with the United Church of Canada that worships in the historically black tradition and has a predominantly black congregation
Church History.
In July 1907, a group of African Canadian railway porters and their wives met to establish a Christian church where they could freely worship in their own style after having been forced entry into other churches in Montreal. In September 1 of that year, Union Congregational Church was founded on $2 and held its first service with 26 attendees. The first pastor of the congregation was Rev. F.E. Bowser.
Unlike most black congregations in Canada, the church was founded by Black Canadians from the United States as well as the West Indies. In the early years of the church, it was assisted by the Colored Women's Club, the oldest Black Women's club in Canada which was founded in 1902 by black Québécois women. The years after World War I, the congregation grew due to an increase in Railway Porters relocating to Montreal from the United States and the West Indies. In 1925, the church joined the United Church of Canada as part of the amalgamation of many Presbyterian, Congregationalist and Methodist churches across the country to form the denomination.
Today, the church is pastored by Rev. Emmanuel Kwadwo Ofori of Ghana. The church's membership has increased over the years, due to recent immigration from the United States, as well as Francophone African and Caribbean countries. Although the congregation has always been predominantly black, it has members from 50 different nations.
Over the years, Union United Church has also welcomed high-profile visitors into its sanctuary. Among those are Stokely Carmichael, Rosemary Brown, Sydney Poitier, Dr. Carrie Best, Bishop Desmond Tutu, Bernadette Allen, Thabo Mbeki and Nelson Mandela 

</doc>
<doc id="21347850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347850" title="Facet syndrome">
Facet syndrome

Facet syndrome is a syndrome in which the zygapophysial joints (synovial diarthroses, from C2 to S1) cause back pain. 55% of facet syndrome cases occur in cervical vertebrae, and 31% in lumbar. Facet syndrome can progress to spinal osteoarthritis, which is known as spondylosis.reference, none found Pathology of the C1-C2 (atlantoaxial) joint, the most mobile of all vertebral segments, accounts for 4% of all spondylosis.
The facet joints are formed by the superior and inferior processes of each vertebra. The first cervical vertebra has an inferior articulating surface but, as it does not restrict lateral or posterior translation, is not always considered a proper zygoma ("zygoma" is Greek for "yoke," i.e. something that restrains movement). In the lumbar spine, facets provide about 20 percent of the twisting stability in the low back. Each facet joint is positioned at each level of the spine to provide the needed support especially with rotation.
Facet joints also prevent each vertebra from slipping over the one below. A small capsule surrounds each facet joint providing a nourishing lubricant for the joint. Also, each joint has a rich supply of tiny nerve fibers that provide a painful stimulus when the joint is injured or irritated. Inflamed facets can cause a powerful muscle spasm.

</doc>
<doc id="21347855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347855" title="Artificial nails">
Artificial nails

Artificial nails, also known as fake nails, false nails, fashion nails, nail enhancements, or nail extensions, are coverings placed over fingernails as fashion accessories. Some artificial nails attempt to mimic the appearance of real fingernails as closely as possible, while other designs may deliberately stray in appearance from real fingernails. Artificial nails are made from a wide variety of materials.
Types.
The artificial nails are not a replacement, but an extension for natural nails. There are two main approaches to creating artificial nails—"tips" and "forms". Tips are made of lightweight plastic plates that are "nail"-shaped. They are glued on the end of the natural nail and acrylic is then applied over the entire nail. Tips are now available in many different colors and designs, ranging from simple colors such as yellow or blue to flamboyant designs such as animal prints and mixed metallic colors. Forms are fitted over the nail and then an artificial nail is molded out of acrylic and the form is removed and then properly shaped and buffed to a shine.
There are several popular techniques that can be used to create longer, better-looking nail enhancements.
One popular material commonly called "Polymethyl methacrylate acrylics" is a mixture of a polymer powder and a liquid monomer (e.g. ethyl methacrylate). The mixture starts to harden in 20–30 seconds after application and continues to cure to final hardness typically within fifteen minutes. Powder and liquid acrylics can be removed by using a variety of solvents (usually acetone is used). Usually it takes 20 to 30 minutes to remove the nail while using a nail file to help take off each layer of the artificial nail.
Another material, commonly called "UV Top Coat" (in correct chemical terms a polymer resin) hardens under ultraviolet light. Depending on brand these can show a broader variety of quality and properties (flexibility, strength, etc.) but may be more expensive. They generally cannot be removed by organic solvents, but only be removed by filing (or left to grow out with the natural nail). There are, however, a variety of soak off UV gels which can be quickly and easily removed using acetone.
Another popular alternative to acrylic or gel preparations are fiberglass or silk wraps. They are done by cutting pieces of actual fiberglass or silk fabric to fit on the surface of the nail or tip and then it is sealed down with a resin or glue. These are a possible alternative for those who are allergic to chemicals used in the acrylic or gel process. These sort of treatments are commonly used to protect the nails if they have been broken. The silk or fiberglass overlay acts as a false layer of nail and thus protects the nail plate from splitting or becoming damaged any further.
Other materials can be used, as well as combinations of them. There are also temporary, cheaper flexible tips that can be quickly glued at home without help from a professional.
Acrylic nail powders are available in a variety of colours and can use "special effects" such as contours, sparkles and the very popular French manicure (pink or tan and white appearance).
History.
During the Ming Dynasty of China, noblewomen wore very long artificial nails as a status symbol indicating that, unlike commoners, they did not have to do manual labor.
In the early 19th century in Greece, many upper-class women wore empty pistachio shells over their nails, slowly spreading the artificial nail trend across Europe.
In 1954, Fred Slack, a dentist, broke his fingernail at work, and invented the first artificial nail as a realistic-looking temporary replacement. After experiments with different materials to perfect his invention, he and his brother, Tom, patented a successful version and started the company Patti Nails.
In the late 20th century, artificial nails for women became widely popular all over the world.
Health effects.
Health benefits.
Acrylic nails help conceal or fix broken, damaged, short, or bad nails. It also helps prevent people from biting their nails, breakage of nails, and protect splits. They are used when people are not able to grow the length and strength of natural nails that they desire. This problem can be solved by using certain nail techniques such as nail tipping, sculptured nails, nail wrapping, or acrylic overlays. However Acrylic nails usually make natural nails weak, thin, and breakable when removed.
Health risks.
If fitted properly, artificial nails are usually not problematic. However long term use and poorly fitted nails can seriously damage the nail bed and hamper natural nail growth. The most common problem associated with artificial nails is a bacterial infection that may develop between the false and natural nail.
When artificial nails are applied to the natural nail surface, minor types of trauma to the artificial nails which can happen from something as harmless as scraping a nail against a firm surface can cause separation of the nail from its nail bed. This allows bacteria and fungus to potentially enter the separated area setting up an infection. In fact, some hospitals won't allow their employees to have fake fingernails due to the risk of harboring infection which could be transmitted to patients. Several deaths of premature infants were blamed on an acrylic nail infection transmitted to the babies by a nurse in the late 1990s. Infection can also be a risk when you have nails applied by a disreputable nail salon that doesn't follow sanitary practices.
There is concern over the flammability of ingredients used to make acrylic nails. It is suggested that they be kept at a distance from hair straighteners, dryers or curling irons, as well as from heat and flames when cooking, in order to avoid potential flame hazards.
In an occupational health standpoint, there could be hazards to nail salon workers who are exposed to the chemical fumes from artificial nails, during their entire work shift. Though the usage of methyl methacrylate has been outlawed, ethyl methacrylate is continued to be used for artificial nails, and can cause contact dermatitis, asthma, and allergies in the eyes and nose. Nail salon workers also face exposures to other chemicals used, such as toluene, dibutyl phthalate, and formaldehyde.
Musical usage.
Musicians who play stringed instruments may wear artificial nails as an aid in playing. Some guitarists like Don Ross and James Taylor are known for doing so. Antoine Dufour, a fellow Candyrat records artist, has also stated in his interviews that he uses fake nails to aid in his tone production . Many intermediate and advanced classical and finger-style guitarists use varieties of fake nails to obtain a consistent and bright tone with each pluck. The players of many ancient Chinese instruments, like the guqin, pipa, and ruan, also commonly used artificial nails. Even the Indian instrument sarod requires nails for tipping, so many players resort to artificial nails to prevent wear of natural nails.

</doc>
<doc id="21347867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347867" title="Legal status of cartoon pornography depicting minors">
Legal status of cartoon pornography depicting minors

The legal status of cartoon pornography depicting minors varies from country to country and concerns simulated pornography and child pornography.
Some analysts have argued whether such cartoon depiction is a "victimless crime". Laws have been enacted to criminalize "obscene images of children, no matter how they are made", for inciting abuse. An argument is the claim that obscene fictional images portray children as sex objects, thereby contributing to child sexual abuse. This argument has been disputed by the fact that there is no scientific basis for that connection, and that restricting sexual expression in drawings or animated games and videos might actually increase the rate of sexual crime by eliminating an outlet for desires that could motivate crime.
Currently, countries that have made it illegal to possess (as well as create and distribute) sexual images of fictional characters who are described as or appear to be under eighteen years old include Canada, South Africa, South Korea, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the Philippines. At the upper edge, this encapsulates pornographic depictions of even seventeen-year-olds together, or adults where the predominant impression conveyed is of a person under the age of 18 (such as small-breasted women).
Australia.
Only real, sexualised depictions of children under the age of 18 (or who appear to be under that age) are illegal in Australia, and there is a "zero-tolerance" policy in place. Some states have passed local laws banning variations on fictional sexualised depictions of children under the age of 18:
In December 2008, a man from Sydney was convicted with possessing child pornography after sexually explicit pictures of children characters from "The Simpsons" were found on his computer. The NSW Supreme Court upheld a Local Court decision that the animated Simpsons characters "depicted", and thus "could be considered", real people; however the conviction does not extend to other Australian states and was based on solely the pornography laws within NSW. Many have mistaken this as a Federal nation-wide ban which does not exist. Controversy arose over the perceived ban on small-breasted women in pornography after a South Australian court established that if a consenting adult in pornography were "reasonably" deemed to look under the age of consent, then they could be considered depictions of child pornography. Criteria described stated "small breasts" as one of few examples, leading to the outrage. Again, the classification law is not federal or nation-wide and only applies to South Australia.
Brazil.
While the simple visualization of cartoons depicting sexual acts involving fictional lookalikes of human minors may not be illegal in itself, possession and especially production and/or distribution can be interpreted in courts to be of the same level of actual child pornography, since legislation is vague on the subject, criminalising "de facto" child pornography created by image manipulations as the Italian legislation, though not excluding cartoon pornography from such scenario (see Articles 241-C and 241-E of the Code of Minors here, in Portuguese, and here, in English).
Canada.
Canadian laws addressing this are included in the C-46 amended Canadian Criminal Code passed in 1985. It is described under Part V: Sexual Offences, Public Morals and Disordery Conduct: Offences Tending to Corrupt Morals. Section 163.1 defines child pornography to include "a visual representation, whether or not it was made by electronic or mechanical means", that "shows a person who is or is depicted as being under the age of eighteen years and is engaged in or is depicted as engaged in explicit sexual activity", or "the dominant characteristic of which is the depiction, for a sexual purpose, of a sexual organ or the anal region of a person under the age of eighteen years". The definitive Supreme Court of Canada decision, "R. v. Sharpe", interprets the statute to include purely fictional material even when no real children were involved in its production.
Italy.
Virtual child pornography is punished with up to a third of the sanctions for real-life child pornography. Virtual images include images, or parts of images, produced and modified with software from actual photos of minors, where the quality makes it so that fake situations are manipulated to appear realistic. Therefore, lolicon, shotacon, and cartoon pornography in general are not included.
Japan.
In Japan, pornographic art depicting underage characters ("lolicon", "shotacon") is legal but remains controversial even within the country. They are commonly found in manga, erotic computer games, and doujinshi.
Netherlands.
On October 1, 2002, the Netherlands introduced legislation ("" 470) which deemed "virtual child pornography" illegal. The laws appear to only outlaw "realistic images representing a minor engaged in a sexually explicit conduct". In January 2011 the law was expanded and non-realistic images are now counted as child pornography.
In a recent case, after viewing the images in question, which were fully drawn at a computer, the court opined that the virtual child pornography images not in the sense of criminal law. "All images can be termed as (pornographic) (three dimensional) cartoons, animations, or drawings. The court concludes that the average viewer is immediately obvious that the event is not real and that the images are manipulated images and not realistic".
New Zealand.
In New Zealand, the Films, Videos, and Publications Classification Act 1993 classifies a publication as "objectionable" if it "promotes or supports, or tends to promote or support, the exploitation of children, or young persons, or both, for sexual purposes". Making, distribution, import, or copying or possession of objectionable material for the purposes of distribution are offences punishable (in the case of an individual) by a fine of up to NZ$10,000 on strict liability, and ten years in prison if the offence is committed knowingly.
In December 2004, the Office of Film and Literature Classification determined that "Puni Puni Poemy"—which depicts nude children in sexual situations, though not usually thought of as pornographic by fans—was objectionable under the Act and therefore illegal to publish in New Zealand. A subsequent appeal failed, and the series remains banned.
In April 2013, Ronald Clark was jailed for possession of anime that depicts sex between elves, pixies, and other fantasy creatures. It was ruled as obscene and he was jailed for three months following the trial. Clark was previously convicted for indecently assaulting a teenage boy and his lawyer noted that ethical issues complicated the case.
Norway.
As of 2005, the Norwegian penal act criminalizes any depictions that "sexualize" children, even if it does not actually show sexual acts with children. This could include any artificially produced material, including written text, drawn images, animation, manipulated images, an adult model with childish clothes, toys, or surroundings. This law can be used against lolicon but it has not been tried in that aspect yet.
Poland.
According to Polish penalty code (art. 202 §4b) production, distribution, presenting, storing and possession of pornographic content depicting "made or remade" image of minor taking part in any sexual activity is punishable by monetary fine, restriction of liberty, or imprisonment up to two years. The "minor", according to Polish law, is a person under 18 years old. This broad definition of "minor" leads to some criticism, as it is legal to produce pornographic content with minor over age of 15, if not intended for distribution (art. 202 §4).
There was at least one case in Poland where the discussed article 202 §4b of polish penalty code was used in court. It was the case of a painter Krzysztof Kuszej, whose art "with photographic accuracy depicted children' and men's genitalia during intercourse". His pictures implied, that the men were priests. The artist argued in court, that his art is a social commentary on subject of pedophilia by Roman Catholic priests, and his artistic measures were adequate for the problem. The court's ruling was "not guilty". The ruling was based on the experts' opinion, that the presenting of pedophilia was not an intent of the artist, and that his works were of critical nature.
South Africa.
With the promulgation of the Films and Publications Amendment Bill in September 2003, a broad range of simulated child pornography became illegal in South Africa. For the purposes of the act, any image or description of a person "real or simulated" who is depicted or described as being under the age of 18 years and engaged in sexual conduct, broadly defined, constitutes "child pornography". Under the act, anyone is guilty of an offence punishable by up to ten years imprisonment if he or she possesses, creates, produces, imports, exports, broadcasts, or in any way takes steps to procure or access child pornography.
Sweden.
Any images or videos that depict children in a pornographic context are to be considered child pornography in Sweden, even if they are drawings. A “child” is defined as a “person” who is either under the age of 18 or who has not passed puberty.
These laws have been recorded in the media being put into play in Uppsala: the district court punished a man with a monetary fine and probation for possession of manga-style images. This was appealed, and has been taken to the Court of Appeal. In court, Judge Fredrik Wersäll stated that a “person” (as in the definition of a “child”) is a human being. The man possessing the illustrations, as well as his lawyer, stated that a comic character is not a person (a comic character is a comic character and nothing else) and that a person does not have cat ears, giant eyes, or a tail and that a person has a nose. Some of the pictures featured illustrations of characters with these unusual body parts. The prosecutor and an expert on child pornography argued that these body parts had no effect and that the comic characters indeed were persons. As examples of what is not a person, the child pornography expert mentioned the Simpsons and Donald Duck. The Court of Appeal upheld the former verdict, for 39 of the 51 pictures, and the monetary fine was reduced. It was immediately further appealed to the Supreme Court. While the Prosecutor General agreed with the verdict of the Court of Appeal, he still recommended that the Supreme Court hear the case, to clarify the issue, and the Supreme Court decided to do so. On 15 June 2012, the Supreme Court found him not guilty. They decided that the images were not realistic and could not be mistaken for real children, and that they therefore could not be counted as exceptions to the constitutional law of freedom of speech. One picture was still considered realistic enough to be defined as child pornography according to Swedish law. However, his possession of it was considered defensible through his occupation as a professional expert of Japanese culture, particularly manga.
United Kingdom.
The Coroners and Justice Act of April 2009 (c. 2) created a new offence in England and Wales and Northern Ireland of possession of a prohibited image of a child. This act makes cartoon pornography depicting minors illegal in the UK. This Act did not replace the 1978 act, extended in 1994, since that covered "pseudo-photographs"—images that appear to be photographs. In 2008 it was further extended to cover tracings, and other works derived from photographs or pseudo-photographs. A prohibited cartoon image is one which involves a minor in situations which are pornographic and "grossly offensive, disgusting or otherwise of an obscene character."
Prior to this, although not explicitly in the statutes, the law was interpreted to apply to cartoon images, though only where the images are realistic and indistinguishable from photographs. The new law however covered images whether or not they are realistic.
History.
In 2006 the government was giving close consideration to the issues and options regarding cartoon pornography, according to Vernon Coaker. On 13 December 2006 UK Home Secretary John Reid announced that the Cabinet was discussing how to ban computer-generated images of child abuse—including cartoons and graphic illustrations of abuse—after pressure from children's charities. The government published a consultation on 1 April 2007, announcing plans to create a new offence of possessing a computer generated picture, cartoon or drawing with a penalty of three years in prison and an unlimited fine.
The children's charity NCH, stated that "this is a welcome announcement which makes a clear statement that drawings or computer-generated images of child abuse are as unacceptable as a photograph". Others stated that the intended law would limit artistic expression, patrol peoples' imaginations, and that it is safer for pedophiles' fantasies "to be enacted in their computers or imaginations than in reality".
The current law was foreshadowed in May 2008, when the Government announced plans to criminalise all non-realistic sexual images depicting under-18s. Home Secretary John Reid and Parliamentary under Secretary of State for Justice Maria Eagle both specifically cited lolicon as something they want to ban under this new law.
These plans became part of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009, sections 62–68, and came into force on 6 April 2010. The definition of a "child" in the Act included depictions of 16- and 17-year-olds who are over the age of consent in the UK, as well as any adults where the "predominant impression conveyed" is of a person under the age of 18. The Act made it illegal to own any picture depicting under-18s participating in sexual activities, or depictions of sexual activity in the presence of someone under 18 years old. The law was condemned by a coalition of graphic artists, publishers, and MPs, who feared it would criminalise graphic novels such as "Lost Girls" and "Watchmen".
The government claimed that publication or supply of such material could be illegal under the Obscene Publications Act, if a jury would consider it to have a tendency to "deprave and corrupt". However, the published bill made no reference to the "deprave and corrupt" test.
United States.
The legal treatment of simulated child pornography in the United States requires an understanding of the components of that phrase: pornography, child, and simulated. United States law treats these as separate concepts, each worthy of analysis.
In the United States, pornography is considered a form of personal expression, and thus governed by the First Amendment to the Constitution. Pornography is generally protected speech, unless it is obscene, as the Supreme Court of the United States held in 1973 in "Miller v. California".
In 2002 the United States Supreme Court ruled in "Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition" that the Child Pornography Prevention Act of 1996 (CPPA) was facially invalid in prohibiting virtual or cartoon child pornography. The basis for the ruling was that the CPPA made unlawful some forms of protected First Amendment speech, banning depictions of sex between children even if not obscene and not involving real child victims. Under New York v. Ferber, if the depiction is of real child abuse or a real child victim, as a result of photographing a live performance, for instance, then it is not protected speech. Under "Miller v. California", obscene speech is likewise excluded from First Amendment protection. The CPPA made all virtual child sex depictions illegal without regard to whether the speech was protected or not, so that part of the statute was struck down as facially invalid.
18 USC 1466A.
In response to "Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition", Congress passed the PROTECT Act of 2003 (also dubbed the "Amber Alert Law") and it was signed into law on April 30, 2003, by then president George W. Bush. The law enacted , which criminalizes material that has "a visual depiction of any kind, including a drawing, cartoon, sculpture or painting", that "depicts a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct and is "obscene" or "depicts an image that is, or appears to be, of a minor engaging in...sexual intercourse...and lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value". By its own terms, the law does not make all simulated child pornography illegal, only that found to be obscene or lacking in serious value. And mere possession of said images is not a violation of the law unless it can be proven that they were transmitted through a common carrier, such as the mail or the internet, or transported across state lines. There is also an affirmative defense made for possession of no more than two images with "reasonable steps to destroy" the images or reporting and turning over the images to law enforcement.
Criticism of the law has been levied on its wording. Lawrence Stanley noted that, "The moral slippage in the law is palpable in the way it conflates images of actual minors with fictional representations: it refers to "depictions of minors", and, by reference to the other provisions in the law, defines acts engaged in by "persons", but how is a cartoon character a person?" The argument drawing on the definitions of 18 USC § 2256, which defines a minor as "any person under the age of eighteen years".
Parts of the law testing the criminalization of a "visual depiction of any kind" has been tried in the courts. In the "Dwight Whorley" case, a conviction was been upheld on appeal to the Fourth Circuit. The court noted that the minors depicted in obscene material need not exist. The Supreme Court would later refuse to review "Whorley". However, in the 2008 "Christopher Handley" case, a judge overturned parts of the PROTECT Act as unconstitutional while charging Handley with a lesser obscenity charge.
Currently, such depictions are in a legal grey area due to parts of the PROTECT Act being ruled unconstitutional on a federal level; however, laws regulating lolicon and shotacon differs between states; several states have laws that explicitly prohibit cartoon pornography and similar depictions (such as video games in the state of New Jersey), while others usually have only vague laws on such content; in some states, such as California, such depictions specifically do not fall under state child pornography laws, while the state of Utah explicitly bans it.
Due to the fact that the definition of obscenity differs between states, the legality of lolicon and shotacon depends on the community; in several states, there are clauses that state that for something to be deemed obscene, real harm must be done or the child depicted must be someone that exists in real life, while other areas may specifically allow unrealistic "cartoon" depictions but prohibit more "life-like" depictions. Some states may have heavy penalties on such material but only ban depictions of minors under 16 years of age (Arizona and New Jersey), while others may decide to ban it altogether.
2005 Virginia case.
In Richmond, Virginia, in December 2005, Dwight Whorley was convicted under 18 U.S.C. 1466A for using a Virginia Employment Commission computer to receive "obscene Japanese anime cartoons that graphically depicted prepubescent female children being forced to engage in genital-genital and oral-genital intercourse with adult males." On December 18, 2008, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the conviction. The court stated: "Thus, regardless of whether §1466A(a)(1) requires an actual minor, it is nonetheless a valid restriction on obscene speech under Miller, not a restriction on non-obscene pornography of the type permitted by Ferber. We thus find Whorley’s as-applied constitutional challenge to §1466A(a)(1) to be without merit."
Attorneys for Mr. Whorley have said that they would appeal to the Supreme Court. The request for rehearing was denied on June 15, 2009, and the petition for his case to be reviewed by the Supreme Court was denied on January 11, 2010. A major part of the case was that "Whorley" also received real child pornography.
2008 Iowa case.
In October 2008, a 38-year-old Iowa comic collector named Christopher Handley was prosecuted for possession of explicit lolicon manga. The judge ruled that two parts of the PROTECT Act criminalizing "a visual depiction of any kind, including a drawing, cartoon, sculpture, or painting" were unconstitutional, but Handley still faced an obscenity charge. Handley was convicted in May 2009 as the result of entering a guilty plea bargain at the recommendation his lawyer, under the belief that the jury chosen to judge him would not acquit him of the obscenity charges if they were shown the images of question.
2010 Idaho case.
In October 2010, 33-year-old Idaho man Steven Kutzner entered into a plea agreement concerning images of child characters from the American animated television show "The Simpsons" engaged in sexual acts. In January 2011, Kutzner was sentenced to serve 15 months in federal prison for downloading, receiving, and viewing sexually explicit images of actual children for at least eight years.
2011 Maine case.
In November 2011, Joseph Audette, a 30-year-old computer network administrator from Surry, Maine, was arrested after his username was linked to child pornography sites. A search inside Audette's home did not result in any real child pornography, but did result in the findings of "anime child pornography". Much unlike previous cases (and likely due to the results of the" Handle"y ruling), the charges were quickly dismissed under Maine law and dropped under federal law.
2012 Missouri case.
In October 2012, after being reported August 2011 by his wife, a 36 year old man named Christian Bee in Monett, Missouri entered a plea bargain to "possession of cartoons depicting child pornography", with the US attorney's office for the Western District of Missouri recommending a 3 year prison sentence without parole.
The office in conjunction with the Southwest Missouri Cyber Crimes Task Force argued that the "Incest Comics" on Bee's computer "clearly lack any literary, artistic, political or scientific value".

</doc>
<doc id="21347883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347883" title="Manuel Martinez Coronado">
Manuel Martinez Coronado

Manuel Martinez Coronado was a farmer and mass murderer from Guatemala, executed on February 10, 1998 for the May 1995 murders of seven people.
Murders.
Coronado murdered seven members of the same family in an incident that occurred on May 17, 1995. However, Amnesty International would later claim that evidence also said that his stepfather may have been the real killer.
Arrest and Execution.
Coronado was arrested and charged with multiple homicide. He was sentenced to death by lethal injection. Despite pleas from Amnesty International to overturn the verdict, Guatemalan authorities claimed that he would be executed on February 10, 1998.
Execution.
Coronado was executed by lethal injection in Escuintla on February 10, 1998. His execution was broadcast live on television. Doctors in surgical gowns and masks carried out the execution. After the poison was administered, it took eighteen minutes for him to die. His wife and children were heard sobbing in the background throughout the execution. The doctors then examined the body to confirm his death. He was the first Guatemalan executed by lethal injection. The Guatemalan government had recently made lethal injection legal. At least three more Guatemalans have since been executed by this method.
Criticism.
Amnesty International, which had protested his death sentence, complained that doctors carrying out the execution was a "breach of medical ethics" and that Guatemalan authorities refused to release the identities of the healthcare workers who carried out the execution.

</doc>
<doc id="21347913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347913" title="Rumpler C.III">
Rumpler C.III

__NOTOC__
The Rumpler C.III (factory designation 6A5) was a military reconnaissance aircraft built in Germany during World War I. It was a development of the Rumpler C.I design incorporating many aerodynamic refinements, including wing planform, airfoil section, and horn-balanced ailerons, revised empennage, and new rear fuselage decking with compound curves. This latter feature was later removed and replaced with a simplified structure, at which point the factory designation was changed to 6A6. Performance was improved over that of the C.I, and the C.III was selected for limited production, thought to be about 75 aircraft. The Frontbestand table of C-type aircraft at the front shows a maximum of 42 C.III aircraft at the front on 28 February 1917. With the introduction of the more powerful Rumpler C.IV based on a refined C.III airframe, the number of operational C.III aircraft at the front dropped rapidly and by the autumn of 1917 only one was at the front. The C.III was a qualified success, but its design served mainly as a stepping stone to the further refined C.IV.

</doc>
<doc id="21347958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347958" title="Abu al-Fadl, Ramle">
Abu al-Fadl, Ramle

Abu al-Fadl () was a Palestinian village in the Ramle Subdistrict, about northwest of Ramla in, what was until 1948, Mandatory Palestine. The village was also known as al-Satariyya. In 1945/44, the village had a population of 510.
History.
The village land was owned by the Islamic waqf of Fadl ibn Abbas, possibly a cousin of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, after whom the village was named. In the Palestine Index Gazetteer, Abu al-Fadl was classified as a hamlet.
In 1944/45 the village had a population of 510. A total of 818 dunums of village land was used for citrus and bananas, 1,035 dunums were used for cereals, and 822 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards.
1948 and aftermath.
In February 1948 it was reported that ten Arabs, one of them a woman, were murdered ("probably") by IZL gunmen, in a grove, where they apparently worked, near the village. This was one of the massacres of Palestinian civilians which was said to "erode Arab morale".
The villagers probably left their homes in the second week of May 1948 during Operation Barak. This campaign was undertaken by the Givati Brigade commanded by Shimon Avidan; its objective was to clear the villages south of Tel Aviv and "cause a wandering of the inhabitants of the smaller settlements in the area". Each ground assault started with a mortar bombardment, followed by the expulsion of the remaining residents and the demolition of houses.
The village was probably permanently occupied during the first stage of Operation Danny, 9–12 July 1948. This offensive, commanded by Yitzhak Rabin, resulted in the expulsion of some 70,000 people from the neighbouring towns of Lod and al-Ramla.
The Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi, described the place in 1992: "Of the original village houses, no more than five still stand, deserted and nearly collapsing. One of these houses, located at the edge of a citrus grove, is made of cement blocks, with rectangular doors and windows and a tiled, sloping roof. Another house, composed of three units, is located in the middle of a citrus grove. A few cypress trees, castor oil (ricinus) plants, and cactuses grow on the site, and Israeli buildings have been constructed nearby. The surrounding lands are cultivated by Israelis."
The area is now being absorbed by the suburbs of Rishon LeZion.

</doc>
<doc id="21347979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21347979" title="Paco and the Magical Book">
Paco and the Magical Book

It was shown at the Munich Asian Filmfest in 2008 and has been nominated for three awards for the 2009 Asian Film Awards. Actors Koji Yakusho, and Ayaka Wilson and director Tetsuya Nakashima have been nominated for the 2008 Japanese Academy Award.
Synopsis.
The movie is set in a hospital where "strange" people are sent.
One of the older, gruffer patients, is Onuki, a business owner who is sent to the hospital after a heart attack, thinks little of the other hospital patients, and hopes to die without being remembered by such "worthless" people. Another patient, a young girl named Paco, is in the hospital due to a memory disorder- she can only remember the events of one day at a time. Each day she reads a pop-up children's book, and often asks Onuki to read to her. Each day it is a new story for her.
Eventually, the two of them develop a friendship, and Onuki decides to enlist the help of the other people in the hospital to perform a play of the book, hoping it will help Paco.

</doc>
<doc id="21348000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348000" title="Agyriales">
Agyriales

The Agyriales are an order of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes.

</doc>
<doc id="21348002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348002" title="Pertusariales">
Pertusariales

The Pertusariales are an order of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes.

</doc>
<doc id="21348006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348006" title="Ostropales">
Ostropales

The Ostropales are an order of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes. The name is synonymous with Gyalectales Henssen ex D. Hawksw. & O.E. Erikss. 1986, and Trichotheliales Hafellner & Kalb 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21348007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348007" title="Baeomycetales">
Baeomycetales

The Baeomycetales are an order of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes. It consists of the single family Baeomycetaceae, which contains the genera "Ainoa", "Baeomyces", and "Phyllobaeis".

</doc>
<doc id="21348057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348057" title="2009 Rally America season">
2009 Rally America season

The 2009 Rally America season was the fifth season of Rally America. The season consisted of 9 rallies and began on January 30, with the Sno* Drift National Rally in Michigan. The final stage of Rally in the 100 Acre Wood was canceled due to impassable conditions. With six victories, Travis Pastrana claimed his fourth Rally America championship in succession.
Schedule.
X Games 15.
The X Games will have a super stage rally event for their event. This will be the 4th time the event will be in the X Games, and will feature at least 10 drivers from Rally America in head to head competition in a cross over course. 8 of the drivers have already been chosen, including Pastrana, Block, and Foust. 
Driver Standings.
Though Rally America runs 2 other classes, Super Production and Front Wheel Drive, these are not nearly as heavily contested. Travis Pastrana secured his fourth straight championship during the Ojibwe Forests Rally. Foust and Comrie-Picard were unable to attend.
This is only a list of the top finishers, a full list with details can be seen at the Rally America website. 

</doc>
<doc id="21348069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348069" title="Horsengoggle">
Horsengoggle

Horse n' goggle (also known as horse-and-goggle and horsengoggle) is a method of selecting a random person from a group. Unlike some other methods, such as rock paper scissors, one of the features of horse n' goggle is that there is always a winner: it is impossible to tie.
Horse n' goggle is used by a number of youth camps in the United States, and by some Girl Scout units.
Process.
All the participants stand in a circle. Either one of the participants or someone outside of the group acts as the leader. The leader declares which participant acts as the starting point, and the leader declares which direction the counting will go. All of the participants hold out a fist. Then the leader says "One, two, three, horse n' goggle." (In some groups, the leader will count in German and say "Ein, zwei, drei, horse n' goggle.") As the leader counts, all of the participants pump their fists. When the leader says horse n' goggle, all of the participants throw out a number of fingers with their hand. The leader then adds up the total of all of the fingers. Once the sum has been determined, the leader begins counting participants, starting from the person earlier declared as the starting point, and then counts in the direction previously declared. The leader continues to count, moving around the group in a circle, until the sum has been reached. Whichever participant is the final one, that person is declared the winner.
If more than one person is desired (for example, two people to do the table cleanup), then the person (or persons) who follows the winner are included.
If only a pair are playing, one player calls out "Odds" or "Evens," much in the same way that a player calls "Heads" or "Tails" in a coin flip. Once the numbers are added up, the winner is determined by noting whether the sum is odd or even. If the caller's prediction was correct, the caller is the winner. If not, the caller's opponent is the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="21348157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348157" title="Taiping Hospital">
Taiping Hospital

Taiping Hospital or formerly known as Yong Wah Hospital was the first hospital established in Malaysia. Located at Jalan Taming Sari (Main Road) near the commercial town centre, it is one of the biggest hospitals in Malaysia and is the biggest in the State of Perak. The hospital is strategically situated in 80 km from Ipoh and 85 km from Penang which able to serve the northern states of Malaysia.
History.
Yong Wah Hospital or the Chinese Pauper Hospital was the first established hospital in Federated Malay States. Established in 1880 to treat the Chinese coolies and tin-miners who often sick and suffered from various diseases, such as diarrhea, cholera, malaria, beriberi, dysentery, and pulmonary diseases. Its establishment was developed parallel with the significant economy growth in the town.
The hospital gained financial supports from the Chinese merchants while the State Government aided medical apparatuses, medicines and nursing staff. With consideration to the poor people’s welfare, the hospital only charged a minimum fee of 50 cents per annum from the poor coolies. The hospital’s policies worked out efficiently for the first six months since of its establishment, but it was later occurred difficulties on collecting the fees. The reason was most coolies unable to settle their medical fees due to the low income. 
Therefore, by the end of the year 1880, the State Government took over full responsibility on the Yong Wah Hospital, and shifted to its current location at the Main Road, and renamed with Taiping General Hospital. The maintenance cost of the hospital were so high, that Sir Hugh Low, the then British Resident of Perak levied a capitation fee of one dollar, where everyone lives in Taiping including within the district will be charged annually, and a health coupon will be produced for those who pay for the fees. The fees were used as contribution to the expenses for maintaining the hospital, with no profit gained from the collections. All food, medicine and attendance were given free-of-charge, but the Chinese community strongly objected to this tax, because it was never levied in other Malay states, and the system was later abolished in 1884. 
The institution consists of many wards and other buildings arranged in carefully laid out grounds, planted with palms, beautiful trees and flowering shrubs, which is very restful to the eye. The aim of the hospital was to curb diseases from spreading among the coolies, reduce the rate of death, and increase the rate of growth; the purpose of the establishment had finally turned a positive result. The number of death and diseases decline gradually in the district, and surprisingly, the rate of birth had increased tremendously, and Taiping continued to prosper in economy growth. 
The institution was under Dr. Hamilton Wright the first Health Inspector, where the hospital able to sustain 900 patients at one time, according to Sir Cecil Clementi’s report during his state visits. In 1881, the hospital went a major renovation and suspension. The overall renovation cost was estimated about 2,100 straits dollars. By the year 1884, an additional ward and a dispensary were added; the hospital’s drainage system also improved with the total cost of 9,379 straits dollars. 
Also at the same year, total 3,068 cases handled by the hospital (total about 13000 cases in Perak), where 2,501 cases involved with beriberi. The main cause of the beriberi was due to the malnutrition and improper sanitation taken by the coolies. Taiping also housed a lunatic asylum hospital (within the hospital compound) and a prison hospital (in the prison) under the supervision of Mr Thomas Prendergast. In 1906, the Government medical staff extended the services for outpatients particularly the rural areas. The percentage of deaths to cases treated was 18.08% in Taiping, compare to other 13 hospitals in Perak.
The numbers of patients treated in the course of a year run to many thousands, and the sums expended by the Government on the Medical Department, with all its surgeons and assistants, nurses, dispensers, dressers, attendants, cooks, gardeners, gate-keepers, etc., amount to a very large total. It was reported that many of the government’s expenses flowed to the hospital.
Therefore, by the year 1890, a Sanitary Board was established to control and monitor the health and cleanliness of the town. On 3 February 1896, the hospital was installed with X-Ray equipment, and marked as the first hospital in Malaya and also Far East Asia to have those facilities. Mr. Leonard Wray chaired the opening ceremony, and the first patient who used the X-Ray was a pomfret. 
In 1906, the Medical Department reported that 318, 000 straits dollars were funded in Perak for development in every sector. By the year later, the population in Taiping as well as where else in Perak had increased gradually as a result of good health care been taken seriously by the government. Taiping being the pioneer for a health institution was later adopted by other towns in Malaya, and later almost every town in Malaya has a hospital.
The Straits Times newspaper on 16 February 1897, quote:

</doc>
<doc id="21348165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348165" title="Jamila (novel)">
Jamila (novel)

Jamila ( ) is the first major novel by Chingiz Aytmatov, published originally in Russian in 1958. The novel is told from the point of view of a fictional Kyrgyz artist, Seit, who tells the story by looking back on his childhood. The story recounts the love between his new sister-in-law Jamilya and a local crippled young man, Daniyar, while Jamilya's husband, Sadyk, is "away at the front" (as a Soviet soldier during World War II).
Based on clues in the story, it takes place in northwestern Kyrgyzstan, presumably Talas Province. The story is backdropped against the collective farming culture which was early in its peak in that period.
Louis Aragon lauded the novelette as the "world's most beautiful love story". Aytmatov has received criticism for this work due to his depiction of Jamilya's "unpatriotic" unfaithfulness to her husband, a soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="21348200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348200" title="Initiation (Course of Empire album)">
Initiation (Course of Empire album)

Initiation is the second full-length album by American industrial, Post-Punk band Course of Empire. All songs were written by Course of Empire and production by David Castell.
While many CDs of the same era contained a hidden track after the finish of the listed tracks, usually preceded by a span silence, Course of Empire and David Castell managed to fit three on "Initiation". "Running Man" was hidden in the pregap of the CD, which nearly caused legal action when another producer/engineer claimed that he had patented the use of the pregap for audio information. The "Darwin Goodwin Mix" of the song "Infested" was hidden after "The Chihuahuaphile" (which was track 23 -the number of The Illuminati, after a cross fade that counted up the tracks between it and "Initiation"). And "Tomorrow" was buried inside the feedback noise of "The Gate" and only able to be heard if the stereo track was played over a Mono Music system.
Tracklisting.
pregap = "Running Man" – 6:49
12–22 = either:
a) "The Gate" which is a long guitar feedback soundscape, (in stereo speakers)
or
b) "Tomorrow" which is an acoustic number (heard via mono speakers only)
"The Chihuahuaphile" – 4:21

</doc>
<doc id="21348215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348215" title="1941 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1941 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1941 Philadelphia Eagles season was their ninth in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–10, winning two games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the ninth consecutive season.
Off Season.
Eagle make move back to larger Municipal Stadium from Shibe Park where they played in 1940.
In late 1940, the football Pittsburgh Steelers owner Art Rooney bought half interest in the Eagles and sold the Pirates to Alexis Thompson. Before the start of the 1941 season Rooney and Thompson swap city and NFL rights for Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. The Pittsburgh Pirates players of 1940 and before are now Philadelphia Eagles and the Philadelphia Eagles players are now members of the renamed Pittsburgh Steelers.
Coach Greasy Neal has the Eagles hold training camp in the High School Bowl,in Two Rivers, Wisconsin about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Green Bay, Wisconsin and 90 miles north of Milwaukee, WI on Lake Michigan.
NFL Draft.
The 1941 NFL Draft was held on December 10, 1940. The Eagles would get the 1st pick in the 22 rounds of the draft. Because these player were drafted before the Eagles and Steelers franchise swap of cities, these players ended up playing for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1941. The Pittsburgh draft picks would come to Philadelphia.
The Chicago Bears (From Philadelphia Eagles) had the number one pick in the draft. They choose Tom Harmon, the 1940 Heisman Trophy winner, a Halfback out of the University of Michigan
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 
These picks were the players that the Pittsburgh Pirates made before the team swap between owners.
Game Recaps.
The Eagles played 11 games over a NFL season that was 14 weeks long. The season started Sunday, September 7 and ended Sunday, December 7, 1941.
Week 1 Bye.
The Eagles had the week off as the NFL only scheduled 1 game this week end, Pittsburgh at Cleveland Rams.
Week 3 at Steelers.
The Eagles travel across the state of Pennsylvania to play the renamed Pittsburgh Steelers for the first time since the franchises swapped cities. 
Week 5 Bye.
The Eagles were not scheduled to play this weekend.
Week 7 vs Redskins.
The defending 1940 NFL Eastern Division Champions, Washington Redskins make a visit to Philadelphia to play the Eagles. Washington lost the 1940 NFL Championship Game to the Chicago Bears 73–0. The Eagles will host the Bears in week 12 and travel to Washington, DC to re-play the Redskins in week 14 to close out the 1941 season.
Week 10 vs Steelers.
The Eagles' across state rivals return to Philadelphia for a rematch of a game of game won by the Eagles played in week 3. The Eagles enter the game with 2 wins and the Steelers are winless. 
Week 12 Bye.
The Eagles were not scheduled to play this weekend.
Week 14 at Redskins.
At the Eagles – Washington Redskins game in Washington, DC military personnel and US Gov't officials were getting paged concerning the attack on Pearl Harbor, in the US territory of Hawaii. The attack started about time of kickoff for game.
1941 Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"
The 1941 Philadelphia Eagles roster is made up of 39 players which 32 are rookies. The average years in NFL is 1/2 a year. 

</doc>
<doc id="21348228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348228" title="Dusse-Alin Tunnel">
Dusse-Alin Tunnel

The Dusse-Alin Tunnel is a two-kilometre-long railway tunnel on the Baikal Amur Mainline (BAM) in Siberia, 88 kilometres east of Novy Urgal. Here the line crosses the Bureinsky Ridge to enter the Amgun River valley.
Work started in 1939. Gulag prisoners arrived on foot, provided only with hand tools, one horse and a single motorized cart. In 1940 the guard commander shot the chief engineer in the back, an act that was ruled an accident (the engineer, Konserov, had previously received an Order of Lenin for his work on the White Sea-Baltic Canal). Work stopped in 1942 and resumed in 1947. The tunnel was officially opened in 1950, but was never used because the rest of the BAM was incomplete. Work on the BAM stopped after Stalin's death in 1953. Water leaked into the abandoned tunnel and it eventually became filled with ice.
Work was resumed in 1974 using railway troops, a group comparable to the US Army Corps of Engineers. They moved into the former gulag barracks, but the barbed wire and watch towers left no doubt as to where they were. When work started more reminders were found, including frozen corpses and a candlestick holder made from a skull. Letters home caused a scandal and a commission was sent out from Moscow. The commission concluded that the political education of the soldiers was poor and that it was inappropriate to house them in former prisoners' barracks. In just ten days, the entire camp was leveled, including the cemetery, and all signs of the previous workers were destroyed.
The troops used the backblast from jet engines to melt the 32,000 cubic meters of ice. The tunnel was cleared by 1974, but was not officially opened until 1984 when the first train traveled from Novy Urgal to Komsomolsk-on-Amur.

</doc>
<doc id="21348233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348233" title="(131697) 2001 XH255">
(131697) 2001 XH255

, provisionally known as 2001 XH255, is a trans-Neptunian object (TNO) that has a 4:5 resonance with Neptune.
It will come to perihelion in 2042.
Assuming a generic TNO albedo of 0.09, it is about 92 km in diameter.
Resonance.
According to the Deep Ecliptic Survey and Minor Planet Center, has a 4:5 resonance with Neptune. It comes as close as 32.2 AU from the Sun and has a fairly low orbital eccentricity of 0.07 with an inclination of only 2.86 degrees.
The Neptune 4:5 resonance keeps it more than 7 AU from Neptune over a 14000-year period.
It has been observed 19 times over 4 oppositions and has an orbit quality code of 3.

</doc>
<doc id="21348237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348237" title="Chanditala II (community development block)">
Chanditala II (community development block)

Chanditala II (community development block) is an administrative division in Srirampore subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Chanditala and Dankuni police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Chanditala. Purba Tajpur, Kharsarai, Begampur, Chikrand, Pairagachha, Monoharpur, Barijhati, Garalgachha, Krishnapur and Mrigala are urban areas in this block.
Geography.
Chanditala is located at . 
Chanditala II community development block has an area of 63.44  km2. 
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Chanditala II block/ panchayat samiti are: Baksha, Begampur, Borijhati, Chanditola, Garalgachha, Janai, Kapasaria, Naity and Panchghora.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Chanditala II block had a total population of 213,455, out of which 108,893 were males and 104,562 were females. Chanditala II block registered a population growth of 20.95 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for Hooghly district was 15.72 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Literacy.
As per the 2001 census, Chanditala II block had a total literacy of 59.63 per cent. While male literacy was 78.51 per cent, female literacy was 52.43 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="21348241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348241" title="Taylor River (Washington)">
Taylor River (Washington)

The Taylor River is a river in King County in Washington.
Course.
The river starts at the outlet of Bear Lake. The river drops over a small waterfall before entering Deer Lake. After exiting Deer Lake, the river drops over another waterfall, this one much larger than the first, before entering the largest and best of the three lakes on the Taylor River, Snoqualmie Lake.
After exiting Snoqualmie Lake, the river drops over another good sized waterfall as it drops over the headwall below the lake. Near the bottom, the river receives the creek that drains Nordrum, Judy and Carole Lakes. The river then turns from west to northwest before soon turning west again. The river receives three large tributaries, Big Creek, Otter Creek and Marten Creek, all of which drop over large waterfalls before entering the river. After receiving Marten Creek, the river turns south towards its confluence with the Middle Fork Snoqualmie River. Shortly before entering the river, it receives one more major tributary, Quartz Creek.
Hiking.
There are several hiking trails in the area. The main and most popular one is the Taylor River Trail, which is an old road that ends near the base of the headwall below Snoqualmie Lake. It begins before a bridge over the river just upstream from the mouth of Quartz Creek. The trail follows the river relatively closely, crossing Marten and Big Creeks on bridges that have views of both creeks’ respective waterfalls (Otter Creek is also crossed, but there is no bridge and no falls are visible from the crossing). The trail ends 1.2 miles after the Big Creek Bridge. 
The unmarked and rather rough trail to Marten Creek is found branching off the Taylor River Trail shortly before the Marten Creek Bridge.
There is a short side trail that branches off the Taylor River Trail shortly after the crossing of Otter Creek that leads to Lipsy Lake and the beautiful slides of Otter Falls that drop directly into the tiny lake.
The Dream Lake Trail branches off the Taylor River Trail shortly after the Big Creek Bridge. The trail follows the creek steeply up to the lake and is all but non-existent in some areas.
At the end of the Taylor River Trail is the start of the difficult Nordrum Lake Trail, a rough route that leads to remote Nordrum Lake and also provides access to Carole and Judy Lakes, to nearby back-country lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="21348258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348258" title="Makabana">
Makabana

Makabana is a small town in the south of the Republic of Congo.
Transportation.
Makabana is served by a station on the national railway network and by Makabana Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21348265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348265" title="Coenogoniaceae">
Coenogoniaceae

The Coenogoniaceae are a family of fungi in the order Ostropales.

</doc>
<doc id="21348268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348268" title="Gomphillaceae">
Gomphillaceae

The Gomphillaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Ostropales. Species in this family are found mostly in tropical regions.
Genera.
According to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the following genera in are in the Gomphillaceae family. Those with a question mark preceding the name have an uncertain placement.

</doc>
<doc id="21348269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348269" title="Graphidaceae">
Graphidaceae

The Graphidaceae are a family of fungi in the order Ostropales. The current circumscription of Graphidaceae includes all taxa in the formerly independent families Thelotremataceae, Gomphillaceae, and Asterothyriaceae.
Distribution and Ecology.
Graphidaceae is believed to be the most speciose family of lichenized fungi; over 2000 species are included in the current taxonomic concept of the family, and there are likely several hundred more that are undiscovered or undescribed. The vast majority of these species are restricted to the tropics.
Most Graphidaceae species are epiphytic (i.e they grow only on plants). Species in several genera (Diploschistes, Gymnographopsis, and Rendonographa) are saxicolous (i.e. they grow on rock).

</doc>
<doc id="21348270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348270" title="Gyalectaceae">
Gyalectaceae

The Gyalectaceae are a family of fungi in the order Ostropales.
Genera.
According to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the following genera are in the Gyalectaceae family. Genera with a question mark preceding the name have an uncertain placement.

</doc>
<doc id="21348272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348272" title="Myeloconidaceae">
Myeloconidaceae

The Myeloconidaceae are a family of fungi in the order Ostropales. It consists of the single genus Myeloconis, a lichenized fungus with a widespread distribution in tropical climates.

</doc>
<doc id="21348273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348273" title="Odontotremataceae">
Odontotremataceae

The Odontotremataceae are a family of saprobic fungi in the order Ostropales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution, but are especially known from northern temperate areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21348275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348275" title="Phaneromycetaceae">
Phaneromycetaceae

The Phaneromycetaceae are a family of saprobic fungi in the order Ostropales. It consists of the single genus Phaneromyces, known from temperate South America.

</doc>
<doc id="21348276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348276" title="Phlyctidaceae">
Phlyctidaceae

The Phlyctidaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Ostropales. Species in this family have primarily a tropical distribution, and are usually found growing on bark.

</doc>
<doc id="21348278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348278" title="Porinaceae">
Porinaceae

The Porinaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Ostropales. Species in this family have a widespread distribution, especially in wet tropical areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21348279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348279" title="Stictidaceae">
Stictidaceae

The Stictidaceae are a family of fungi in the order Ostropales. The family was first described by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1849.
Genera.
According to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the folling genera are in the Stictidaceae. Taxa with a question mark preceding the name have an uncertain placement.

</doc>
<doc id="21348280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348280" title="Thelotremataceae">
Thelotremataceae

The Thelotremataceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Ostropales.

</doc>
<doc id="21348305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348305" title="Taiping Lake Gardens">
Taiping Lake Gardens

Taiping Lake Gardens is the first public garden established during the British rule in Malaysia. The garden is located near Bukit Larut, and is equidistant to the town centre and the Taiping Zoo.
History.
The Taiping Lake Gardens was originally a mining ground before it was established as a public garden in 1880. The idea of a public garden was the brainchild of Colonel Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker. The garden was developed by Charles Compton Reade (1880–1933), who was also responsible for planning the Kuala Lumpur garden town, together with Lady Swettenham. 
The abandoned tin mine ground was donated by Chung Thye Phin as a recreation park for public use. In 1884 the gardens were planted with grasses, flowers and trees; a part of the gardens was fenced, to keep bulls out.
The site was the first public garden in Malaya, and was cherished for its beauty; it has been well-maintained since its opening. There are ten scenic lakes and ponds, which highlight the gardens. Along Residency Road, near the gardens, were golden rain trees () ("pterocarpus indicus") planted along the pathway. In George L. Peet’s "A Journal in the Federal Capital", when he visited Taiping in 1933 he said “I know of no more lovely sight in this country than the Taiping gardens when the rays of the early morning sun are shining obliquely through their clumps of bamboo, palms and isolated trees scattered on islands among the expanse of water. One receives in that glorious half hour an experience of light in foliage that is quite unobtainable in England”.
There are few private and government houses located near the gardens; among them are the Old Residency (home of the Secretary to the Resident), the Raja’s House at the junction of Birch Road and Residency Road and the army officers' residences on Batu Tugoh Road. The gardens were so striking that they attracted many travelers to write of their beauty: 
Accessibility.
Air.
Penang International Airport is about a 90-minute drive from Taiping. Kuala Lumpur International Airport is about a four-hour drive south via the North-South Expressway.
Road.
Taiping is easily accessible from the PLUS North-South Expressway. From Penang (90 km away) Kamunting is the nearest exit, whilst Changkat Jering is the most convenient exit from the motorway if you are traveling north from Ipoh (70 km). Taiping is well-connected to the rest of Peninsular Malaysia by express buses, which arrive at and depart from the long-distance bus station at Kamunting (6 km from the town centre) and Simpang (7 km from the town centre). Buses also travel direct from Taiping to Singapore and Hat Yai. Southbound buses depart from Kamunting and call along Simpang (Medan Simpang) to pick up passengers from Simpang before heading to the highway via the Changkat Jering interchange. Bus tickets are available from counters located at Medan Kamunting and Medan Simpang.
Rail.
Keretapi Tanah Melayu (formerly known as the Malayan Railway) operates a number of daily services along the main north-south line which stops at Taiping station. One service, the Ekspres Langkawi, connects Taiping with Hat Yai.

</doc>
<doc id="21348312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348312" title="1940 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1940 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1940 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their 11th in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 4–6–1, winning eight games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the ninth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="21348327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348327" title="Out of Order (play)">
Out of Order (play)

Out of Order is a 1990 farce written by English playwright Ray Cooney. It had a long run at the Shaftesbury Theatre starring Donald Sinden and Michael Williams. 
As with many other Ray Cooney plays, it features a lead actor (in this case a junior UK minister) who has to lie his way out of an embarrassing situation (in this case a planned adultery with a secretary) with the help of an innocent side-kick (in this case the minister's personal private secretary), who gets more and more embroiled in the increasingly tangled tale improvised by the lead character as events unfold. The action takes place in a suite in a posh London hotel and revolves around accidents caused by a defective sash window.
The play is also often performed under the alternative title "Whose Wife is it Anyway?"
In 1997 the play was made into a successful Hungarian movie "A Miniszter Félrelép".

</doc>
<doc id="21348331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348331" title="Bad Boys Blue (album)">
Bad Boys Blue (album)

Bad Boys Blue is the 1993 self-titled album from German Eurodance group Bad Boys Blue.

</doc>
<doc id="21348363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348363" title="Western Railroad (North Carolina)">
Western Railroad (North Carolina)

The Western Railroad was a railroad in North Carolina connecting Fayetteville to the coal fields of Egypt (now Cumnock).
A group of Fayetteville citizens obtained a charter from the North Carolina legislature in December 1852 to construct a railroad from Fayetteville to the coal fields of Chatham County (now Chatham, Moore, and Lee counties). The state helped finance, build, and operate the new railroad. Problems with the construction contracts and obtaining rights of way delayed its construction, the first rails being laid in 1858. It was not completed until the first part of the American Civil War. Its first operations in commenced in 1861 to McIver's Depot, and the line was completed to Egypt in 1863.
Charles Beatty Mallett (1816-1872) served as the railroad's second president from 1855 to 1865, and fourth president from 1867 to 1868. He was the son of Charles Peter Mallett (1792-c1874). Mallett was a cotton manufacturer, acquiring a controlling interest in the Union Manufacturing Company during the time he served as the railroad's president. In 1862 Mallett, in partnership with James Browne of Charleston, South Carolina, took over management and operation of the Egypt Coal Mines. These mines had been owned by a Philadelphia-based company, and had been placed into receivership by the Confederate government at the start of the war. The facilities of the railroad were used to transport the coal to Fayetteville, where it was then moved down the Cape Fear River to its contracted final destination of Wilmington, North Carolina. In 1865 Gen. Sherman's army reached Fayetteville. During his campaign Sherman burned or destroyed several of the bridges used by the railroad, 12 miles of track, and several depots. Its rolling stock was saved, having been moved to the Egypt end of the line. By 1868, his other businesses and personal residence also destroyed by Sherman's campaign, Mallett was forced into bankruptcy.
The line resumed operations in 1868. In the following two years, additional connections were made to the railroad, and it continued operations for another 11 years. In 1879 the railroad was renamed Cape Fear and Yadkin Valley Railway and absorbed the Mount Airy Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="21348368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21348368" title="WLPR">
WLPR

WLPR may refer to:

</doc>
