<doc id="21471668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471668" title="2009 NECBL season">
2009 NECBL season

The 2009 NECBL season is the sixteenth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league. The league's Torrington, Connecticut franchise, the Torrington Twisters, moved to New Bedford, Massachusetts and became the New Bedford Bay Sox. Due to the move, the League realigned into the East and West Divisions with 6 teams each.
In the championship series, the East Division champion Newport Gulls defeated the West Division champion Vermont Mountaineers after each team advanced through the playoffs.
All-star game.
The NECBL's 2009 All-Star Game was hosted by the West Division's Holyoke Blue Sox. The event was held at Mackenzie Stadium in Holyoke, Massachusetts on July 18, 2009. The West Division won the game 6-5. The game was attended by 4,906, setting a new record for All-Star Game attendance. Holyoke's Jake Rosenbeck was named the game's MVP.
Playoffs.
Eight teams qualified for the 2009 NECBL playoffs, which consisted of three rounds of best-of-three series. In the championship series, East Division champion Newport defeated West Division champion Vermont 2-1.
League Awards.
Top 10 Prospects.
The following is a list of the NECBL's top 10 professional prospects for the 2009 season, as ranked by Baseball America.
Regular Season Attendance.
The Newport Gulls led the league in attendance for the fourth consecutive season, while the Lowell All-Americans finished last in the league for the fifth straight year. New Bedford, Danbury, and Newport showed the greatest increase in average attendance, while Keene and Vermont showed the greatest decrease.
The top 6 teams in attendance also ranked in the top 50 in national collegiate summer league attendance. The Newport Gulls were ranked third, with the Vermont Mountaineers (24th), Keene Swamp Bats (26th), Holyoke Blue Sox (32nd), New Bedford Bay Sox (42nd), and North Adams SteepleCats (45th) also finishing in the top 50.

</doc>
<doc id="21471711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471711" title="Neopteroplax">
Neopteroplax

Neopteroplax is an extinct genus of Eogyrinidae. It was a predator of great size, reaching up to 3 m in length with a robust 40 cm skull.

</doc>
<doc id="21471716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471716" title="Commando mortar">
Commando mortar

Commando mortar refers to a class of infantry light mortars designed for maximum portability and rapid deployment, at the expense of accuracy and repeatability.
Commando mortars often feature design simplifications such as straps instead of bipods, carrying handles, and limited aiming equipment. Some commando mortar straps are marked with measurements, with the intent that the mortarman step on a marked point of the sling and pull the sling taut, at which point the mortar will be angled so as to fire to the range marked at that point of the sling.

</doc>
<doc id="21471734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471734" title="Palaeogyrinus">
Palaeogyrinus

Palaeogyrinus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21471774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471774" title="Ptyonius">
Ptyonius

Ptyonius is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Urocordylidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21471779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471779" title="Teodor Rygier">
Teodor Rygier

Teodor Rygier (9 October 1841, Warsaw - 18 December 1913, Rome) was a Polish sculptor known for his Adam Mickiewicz Monument in Kraków, Poland. Rygier studied in Warsaw, Dresden, Munich and in Vienna. In the years 1865-1866 he studied sculpture in Berlin and in Paris. Subsequently, Rygier lived and worked in Florence between 1873-1886, and from 1886 in Rome. The Academy of Fine Arts of St Petersburg named him an academic, while the Academies of Fine Arts of Florence, and Bologna nominated him an honorary associate. 
A stipend won in Berlin, allowed him to study in Paris. There he displayed a life sized statue of the Madonna at the Salon Exhibition in Paris of 1866. He then returned to Poland to found a factory for the production of terra cotta statues, but the factory fell victim to a fire. During 1867-1874, he also found patronage in Poland for the production of medallions and busts. In Warsaw exhibitions, he won awards in 1872 and 1873 for statues of "Faith" and "Copernicus". He then completed among other works: a statue of the "Immaculate Conception", a "Coquette", a busts of the "Madonna", and a bust of a girl titled "il Sorriso". 
In 1874, he settled in Florence. There he made a large bronze of the "Risen Christ Blessing the World". In 1875 he makes two stucco bas-reliefs: a "Christ before Pilate" and a "Descent from the Cross". He intended to complete the 14 Stations of the Passion in bronze, but was stymied by the expense. In 1875 he sculpted a marble "Madonna and child", exhibited at the Salon of Paris. In 1881, he completes the statue of "Regina Caelorum", who extends her arms to the entire world. The portraits by this artists includes the bust of Antonio Corazzi of Livorno. In 1874, he offered his larger-than-life marble bust of Copernicus to the Museo Copernicano of Rome, and a terracotta bust of Adam Mickievicz to an Academy in Bologna. Rygier made busts of his wife and sister; of George Washington (1875); of the poet Teofil Lenartowicz (exhibited at Rome in 1883); of the doctor Levitoni, philosopher of Warsaw; of Leopold Kronenberg (1878, once placed on a pedestal in the rail station to Warsaw); and the writer Kraszetcski.
In 1877-1879 he completed twelve larger than life statues for the Granzow Palace in Warsaw, including four caryatids sustaining a balcony; four statues of "Four Seasons", and four depicting, "Art", "Science", "Agriculture", and "Industry". In contest of 1879, he designed three sculptural groups for the Palace of the Diet of Galizia: the "Genius of Galizia", "Civility", and "Labor". At the International competition of Moscow for the "Monument to Alexander II", in October 1882, Rygier won 3rd prize for 3000 rubles. But the work was never completed. 
The competition for Adam Mickiewicz Monument.
The idea for a monument to a Polish national bard Adam Mickiewicz was put forward by university youth on the account of the return of his remains from Paris. In the years 1882-1888, a committee was set up to conduct a public competition for its design. Teodor Rygier, who took part in all three stages of the contest, was awarded the rights for its production "by popular demand", ahead of over 60 artists including the renowned Cyprian Godebski, professor at the Imperial Academy of Arts in St. Petersburg from Paris, who won the first prize. The unveiling of the statue took exceptionally long time due to endless requests for revisions coming from the artistic committee. The monument was finally unveiled on 16 June 1898 for the 100th anniversary of Mickiewicz's birth. 
The monument design is conventional for its time. The poet, raised on the pedestal, four symbolic groups are on the base: Motherland i.e. Poland (front), Science and learning – an old man with a boy (side on Florianska Street), Poetry (side facing Church of St. Wojciech), and Patriotic love or Valour (facing Sukiennice Hall). All bronze figures were cast in the Nellich foundry in Rome.
Aside from his statue of Adam Mickiewicz at the Main Market Square in Kraków, there is also one in the Old Town district, namely the bust of painter Juliusz Kossak featured in front of the Palace of Art at Planty Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21471795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471795" title="Saltenia">
Saltenia

Saltenia is an extinct genus of frogs. It was assigned to the family Pipidae by R. L. Carroll in 1988 and again in 2005 by A. M. Báez and T. Harrison. The single described species, "Saltenia ibanezi", is thought to have lived in South America in the Late Cretaceous. Its closest living relative are the frogs in the genus Silurana.

</doc>
<doc id="21471797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471797" title="Shadows in the Storm">
Shadows in the Storm

Shadows in the Storm is a 1988 drama/thriller film by Terrell Tannen.
Plot.
Thelonious Pitt (Ned Beatty), a daydreaming businessman, goes to the Redwood Forests of California. There, he meets a beautiful woman, Melanie (Mia Sara). She looks like the woman he has been seeing in his dreams.
At the river late at night, when Melanie's husband finds them, he attacks Thelonious until Melanie pulls out a pistol and fires three shots at her husband. His body goes into the river. That's when the nightmare begins.

</doc>
<doc id="21471843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471843" title="1990–91 UE Lleida season">
1990–91 UE Lleida season

This is a complete list of appearances by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 1990-1991 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21471859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471859" title="Apiacás">
Apiacás

Apiacás is the northernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. It is the only city in a territorial "edge" of Mato Grosso that "pierce" the boundary between Amazonas and Pará.

</doc>
<doc id="21471880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471880" title="South Korea national under-23 football team">
South Korea national under-23 football team

Korea Republic national under-23 football team represents South Korea at football in the Olympic Games and Asian Games. This team mostly includes under-22 and under-21 squads.
The bronze medal winning team of 2012 Summer Olympics were granted exemptions from mandatory military service.
Recent results.
Friendly
2012 Olympic Preliminary round
2012 Olympic Quarter Final
2012 Olympic Semi Final
2012 Olympic Bronze Medal Match
Players.
Current squad.
The following players were selected to play against Kuwait national under-23 football team. (1 June 2014)
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
Recent call-ups.
The following players have also been called up to the South Korea under-23 squad within the last twelve months.

</doc>
<doc id="21471894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471894" title="Duncan Professional Slimline">
Duncan Professional Slimline

The Duncan Professional yo-yo was originally introduced in 1971 by Duncan. In 1974 it changed shape from the tournament shape to the Slimline shape. Since then it has been used as their primary advertising yo-yo up until recently. When Duncan Acquired Playmaxx it started using their ProYo for the bulk of its yo-yo advertising, all but discontinuing the Professional Slimline. There have been many versions of the Professional including the "Superhero" line, most of their advertising and even for the 1979 Duncan Yo-yo Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21471897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471897" title="2000 Louis Vuitton Cup">
2000 Louis Vuitton Cup

The 5th Louis Vuitton Cup was held in Auckland, New Zealand in 2000. The winner, Prada Challenge, went on to challenge for the 2000 America's Cup. It was the first time in the competition's history that there would not be an American challenger or defender.
Details.
After winning the 29th America's Cup, Team New Zealand immediately accepted the challenge from the New York Yacht Club and announced that the next Cup would be in 2000, with the Louis Vuitton Cup being in late 1999. This delay was to avoid conflicting with the 1997/98 Whitbread Round the World Race and give Auckland the time to build the necessary infrastructure to host the cup.
The teams.
The New York Yacht Club was the challenger of record. By 31 January 1998 16 teams from 10 nations had made the $US 250,000 deposit to officially challenge for the America's Cup. In the end only 11 challenges from seven nations competed for the Louis Vuitton Cup. Hong Kong, British and Russian challenges withdrew while an American team and a French team merged into existing challenges.
Prada Challenge (ITA).
A strong two boat challenge sponsored by Prada, the team was formed in 1997 and became an early favourite in Auckland. The team used designer German Frers who worked for Il Moro di Venezia in 1992. Francesco de Angelis was the skipper with Rod Davis acting as the sailing coach. Prada originally acquired two boats from the America3 syndicate before building ITA 45 and ITA 48.
AmericaOne (USA).
Skippered by Paul Cayard, AmericaOne was one of two syndicates from the San Francisco Bay Area in 2000. AmericaOne purchased "OneAustralia" as a training boat before developing USA-49 and USA-61. The team included Tactician John Kostecki and Navigator Terry Hutchinson.
Aloha Racing (USA).
Funded by Dr Jim Andrews, Aloha Racing built on their ocean racing history to launch an America's Cup challenge from Hawaii. Skippered by veteran John Kolius, the team secured sponsorship from HealthSouth to ensure there participation. The team built USA-50 and USA-54, both called "Abracadabra 2000", and opted to train in Hawaii, rather than Auckland, before the Cup.
America True (USA).
America True was one of two syndicates from the San Francisco Bay Area in 2000. The team was led by CEO Dawn Riley and John Cutler served as Helmsman. The team was funded largely with private funding provided by G. Christopher Coffin, which allowed them to purchase "Tag Heuer" before developing USA-51. The design team also benefited from "America3"'s design information. The crew included Buddy Melges and Leslie Egnot.
Desafio Español (ESP).
Skippered by Pedro Campos, as in 1992 and 1995, the team added Olympic medal winning sailor Luis Doreste to the crew in 2000. Backed by the government, royal family and major sponsor Telefonica. The team built ESP 47 and ESP 56.
Before the regatta a crew member, Martin Wizner, died almost instantly when he was hit in the head by a broken piece of equipment.
FAST 2000 (SUI).
Led by experienced French campaigner Marc Pajot and with German Jochen Schumann as helmsman, the FAST 2000 team was the countries first America's Cup challenge. SUI 59 was an unknown quantity when it arrived in Auckland but the syndicate ended up with a disappointing 2 wins over the course of the Cup.
Le Defi BTT (FRA).
Le Defi Bouygues Telecom Transiciel was a one boat challenge from France led by Syndicate head Luc Gelluseau. The team was skippered by Bertrand Pacé, who replaced Marc Pajot from the 1995 challenge, and Thierry Peponnet was the teams tactician. Two other French syndicates attempted to form challenges and almost competed as Le Defi Sud, but in the end lacked the money required to charter a boat to compete.
Nippon Challenge (JAP).
The third challenge from the Japanese syndicate funded by S&B foods chairman Tatsumitsu Yamasaki. The team was led by Australian Peter Gilmour. Team team was hit early on by the loss of former syndicate head Makoto Namba, who was lost at sea, and the Asian financial crisis, which severely limited the team's budget. The team launched JPN 44 and JPN 52 for the 2000 Louis Vuitton Cup.
Team Dennis Conner (USA).
Team Dennis Conner was Dennis Conner's eighth America's Cup challenge or defence. The team was sponsored by Citizen Watches and USA-55 adopted the familiar name of "Stars & Stripes", common to all of Conner's boats since 1986. The team was representing the San Diego Yacht Club and included Peter Isler and Ken Read in the afterguard. Peter Holmberg also joined the team as a tactician, merging the US Virgin Islands Challenge into the team after the syndicate ran out of funds.
Young America (USA).
Representing the New York Yacht Club, the challenger of record, Young America built on John Marshall's PACT '95 syndicate. The team's yacht's USA 53 and USA 58 were designed by Bruce Farr and built on the 1995 Cup defender "Young America". The Helmsman was Ed Baird.
Young Australia (AUS).
Young Australia was Syd Fischer's final America's Cup challenge and currently was the most recent America's Cup entry from Australia. The young crew was led by James Spithill, then just 19. The syndicate sailed with two old boats, "Sydney '95" (AUS-29) and "oneAustralia" (AUS-31) which were not competitive against some of the newer designs sailed by competitive syndicates. Involved in the campaign were experienced sailors and America's Cup campaigners Sir James Hardy and Iain Murray.
Round robin.
Three round robin series (RR1-RR3) were held.
During RR1 a team scored 1 point per win.
During RR2 a team scored 4 points per win.
During RR3 a team scored 9 points per win.

</doc>
<doc id="21471908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471908" title="Frederick Harold Stinchfield">
Frederick Harold Stinchfield

Frederick Harold Stinchfield (May 8, 1881 – January 15, 1950) was an American attorney and former president of the American Bar Association. Stinchfield graduated from Harvard Law School in 1905. In the same year he passed the New York State bar exam and began his law career. During World War I Stinchfield served as a major in the Judge Advocate's Program. Stinchfield served as president of the ABA from 1936-1937.

</doc>
<doc id="21471917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471917" title="1958 Lituya Bay megatsunami">
1958 Lituya Bay megatsunami

The 1958 Lituya Bay megatsunami occurred on July 9, when a large, 8.3 magnitude earthquake on the Fairweather Fault triggered a landslide that caused 30 million cubic metres of rock and ice to fall into the narrow inlet of Lituya Bay, Alaska. The sudden displacement of water resulted in a wave runup of 524 metres (1,720 feet) in height. This is the highest recorded megatsunami and the largest known in modern times. The event forced a re-evaluation of large wave events, and recognition of impact and landslide events as a previously unknown cause of very large waves.
Lituya Bay.
Lituya Bay is a fjord located on the Fairweather Fault in the northeastern part of the Gulf of Alaska. It is a T-shaped bay with a width of two miles (3 km) and a length of seven miles. Lituya Bay is an ice-scoured tidal inlet with a maximum depth of 220 m (722 ft). The narrow entrance of the bay has a depth of only 10 m (33 ft). The two arms that create the top of the T-shape of the bay are the Gilbert and Crillon inlets and are a part of a trench on the Fairweather Fault. In the past 150 years Lituya Bay has had three other tsunamis of over 100 ft: 1854 (395 feet), 1899 (200 feet) and 1936 (490 feet).
Near the crest of the Fairweather Mountains sit the Lituya and the North Crillon glaciers. They are each about long and one mile (1.6 km) wide with an elevation of 4000 ft (1,220 m). The retreats of these glaciers form the present "T" shape of the bay, the Gilbert and Crillon inlets.
The 1958 event.
The major earthquake that struck on the Fairweather Fault had a Richter scale reading of 7.9 - 8.3 and a maximum perceived intensity of XI ("Extreme") on the Mercalli intensity scale, up to 8.3 on the moment magnitude scale. The epicentre of the quake was at latitude 58.6° N, longitude 137.1° W near the Fairweather Range, east of the surface trace of the Fairweather fault, and southeast of Lituya Bay. This earthquake had been the strongest in over 50 years for this region. The Cape Yakataga earthquake, with a reading of 8.2 on the Richter scale, occurred on September 4, 1899. The shock was felt in southeastern Alaskan cities over an area of , as far south as Seattle, Washington, and as far east as Whitehorse, Y.T., Canada.
The earthquake caused a subaerial rock fall in the Gilbert Inlet. This landslide caused over 30 million cubic meters of rock to fall into the bay, creating the megatsunami. Deaths from the event totaled five, with three being killed on Khantaak Island and two having been caught by a wave in the bay. In Yakutat, the only permanent outpost close to the epicenter at the time, infrastructure such as bridges, docks and oil lines all sustained damage. A water tower collapsed and a cabin was also damaged beyond repair. Sand boils and fissures occurred near the coast southeast of there, and underwater cables that supported the Alaska Communication System were cut. Lighter damage was also reported in Pelican and Sitka.
After the earthquake there was an observation made on the subglacial lake, located northwest of the bend in the Lituya Glacier at the head of Lituya Bay. This subglacial lake had dropped . So this proposed another possible cause to the production of the giant 1,720 ft (524 m) wave. It is possible that a good amount of water drained from the glacial lake through a glacial tunnel flowing directly in front of the glacier, though neither the rate of drainage nor the volume of water drained could produce a wave run-off to be 1,720 ft (524 m). Even if a large enough drainage were to take place in front of the Gilbert Glacier, the run-off would have been projected to be on the opposite side in Crillon inlet. After these considerations glacial drainage was not the mechanism that caused the giant wave.
Eyewitness account.
At 22:15 hours PST on July 9, 1958, which was still daylight at that time of year, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.9 struck the Lituya Bay area. The tide was ebbing at about plus 1.5 m and the weather was clear. Anchored in Anchorage Cove, near the west side of the entrance of the bay, Bill and Vivian Swanson were on their boat fishing when the earthquake hit:
The height of the wave was accurately measured at 524 metres (1,720 feet), based on the elevation extent of the damage caused to the foliage up the headlands around the area where the landslide occurred as well as along the shoreline of the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="21471940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471940" title="C.M.S. Press">
C.M.S. Press

C.M.S Press, the first printing press in Kerala was established in 1821 by Rev. Benjamin Baily, a British missionary, at Chalukunnu in Kottayam district.
Njana Nikshepam (in Malayalam:ജ്ഞാനനിക്ഷേപം), the first printed News paper published in Kerala, has been printed and published from 1848 from this press.

</doc>
<doc id="21471950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471950" title="Koknese Castle">
Koknese Castle

Koknese Castle () is a complex in Koknese, Latvia, dating from the 13th century. The castle was situated on a high bluff overlooking the Daugava river valley. In 1965 a hydroelectric dam was built downriver, creating a reservoir that partially submerged the castle and flooded the surrounding valley. 
History.
Before the arrival of the Teutonic Knights, Koknese was the site of a wooden hill fort inhabited by the Balts. In 1209 Bishop Albert of Riga ordered the construction of a stone castle at the site, naming it "Kokenhusen". For the first 50 years of its existence, Koknese was solely used as a defensive fort, but by 1277, Koknese had enough population to receive city rights. Koknese also became a member of the Hanseatic League thanks to its strategic location on the Daugava trade route.
The castle was heavily contested between Polish, Swedish and Russian forces in the 16th and 17th centuries. It changed hands many times, while the native inhabitants endured periodic slaughter, capture, and famine. In 1701, during the Great Northern War, Koknese was finally blown up by retreating forces to avoid the strategic castle falling into advancing Russian hands. The castle was never rebuilt and fell to ruin.
The town around Koknese began to reappear in the 19th century, after serfdom was abolished and a railroad station was built in the village, facilitating movement to the area. In 1900, a park was established around the castle ruins, and Koknese became a popular summer resort. The area was known for its scenic waterfalls, cliffs, and look-outs. In 1965, the Soviet government built Pļaviņas Hydro Power Plant in the town of Aizkraukle. The reservoir flooded the entire length of the Daugava to Pļaviņas. Koknese Castle, once sitting atop a high bluff, was placed at the river's edge, while the scenic Daugava valley was submerged.

</doc>
<doc id="21471961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471961" title="Salvia mexicana">
Salvia mexicana

Salvia mexicana (Mexican sage) is a herbaceous shrubby perennial native to a wide area of central Mexico, growing at elevations from 2,600 to 8,500 feet. It grows in tropical areas in the south and arid subtropical habitats in the north, often at the edges of forests.
"Salvia mexicana" grows 3–9 feet tall and 3–4 feet wide in cultivation, with leaves ranging from mid-green and glabrous, to gray green with short hairs. The inflorescences also vary, in length and in size of flower. The color of flowers and calyces range from midnight-purple to purple-blue. The flowers bloom in late summer, in whorls that are produced abundantly for several months.
The earliest records of "Salvia mexicana" in horticulture are beginning in the 1970s at several botanical gardens. One popular cultivar is 'Limelight' (pictured at right), collected in the state of Querétaro, which has violet-blue flowers with large chartreuse-green calyces. 'Lollie Jackson' is a compact cultivar; 'Ocampo' is an upright cultivar growing to 7 feet—both are commonly sold in nurseries.

</doc>
<doc id="21471969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471969" title="I Survived...">
I Survived...

I Survived... is a documentary television series produced by NHNZ that airs on Lifetime Movie Network. The series premiered on March 24, 2008 and in the past has aired new episodes Sunday nights. The show currently has no air dates scheduled for the near future. The show allows survivors to explain, in their own words, how they overcame life-threatening circumstances without dramatic reenactments. Most episodes feature three separate stories involving kidnapping or getting stranded in a remote location; however, some only feature two.
The official website states: 
References.
[http://www.tvguide.com/tvshows/i-survived/episodes/299163]

</doc>
<doc id="21471974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471974" title="Barthélémy Bisengimana">
Barthélémy Bisengimana

Barthélémy Bisengimana Rwema (born May 12, 1935) was the head of the Bureau of the President under President Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire from May 1969 to February 1977. Bisengimana was a Congolese Tutsi, whose rise to prominence was largely the result of the complete dependence of the Banyarwanda upon the central government for power, which made them reliable supporters. A native of Cyangugu Province in Rwanda, in 1961 Bisengimana was the first graduate with a degree in electrical engineering from the University of Lovanium in Kinshasa.
Bisengima's aided many Congolese Tutsis in North and South Kivu to acquire land and start lucrative businesses. Andre Kalinda, a chief of the Hunde and territorial administrator of Masisi, became the most powerful chief due to his connections with both Bisengimana and the Acogenoki. At his height in 1972, Bisengimana managed to get the Political Bureau of the Mouvement Populaire de la Révolution (MPR) to pass a citizenship decree in which everyone originating from "Ruanda-Urundi" and residing in then-Belgian Congo on or before January 1950 was automatically granted citizenship. This Law 72-002 amended the MPR's statutes and became referred to as "Article 15". When the law, which further allowed the new citizens to claim land rights, went into effect in 1973, a number of Tutsi refugees legally received plantations and ranches that had been previously owned by Belgian settlers. Among these was Bisengimana, who claimed the Osso concession, which contained the largest number of cattle owned by white settlers in Masisis. 
Bisengimana was dismissed in 1977, followed allegations of getting kickbacks from a textile plant in Kisangani. Following his removal, there was increasing pressure to reverse Article 15, resulting in the passing of Law 81-002 on 29 June 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="21471987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471987" title="Kid vs. Kat">
Kid vs. Kat

Kid vs. Kat is a Canadian animated television series developed and produced at Studio B Productions. The show was created and co-directed by Rob Boutilier. The series is distributed by Studio B Productions. The feature revolves around a 10-year-old boy's constant battle with his sister's Sphinx cat which, in reality, is a cybernetic alien.
The show premiered on YTV in Canada on October 25, 2008, aired on Disney XD in the United States on February 21, 2009, and then ended on June 4, 2011. It ran for 2 seasons, spanning 52 episodes.
Premise.
When 10-year-old Coop Burtonburger’s (turns 11 in "Birthday Bashed") spoiled eight-year-old sister Millie (turns 9 in Season 2), brings home a mysterious stray cat, Coop's idyllic life is turned upside down. Coop soon discovers that Kat is more than just a scrawny, purple, hairless pet; he is also a smart, conniving, alien mastermind with a fanatical hate for Coop himself. Kat instantly declares war on Coop. The two battle constantly as Coop tries to stop Kat and tell the world about his sinister plans, only to find Kat destroying the evidence, and putting the blame on Coop every time.
Characters.
Protagonists.
Voiced by Erin Mathews
A 10 (later 11)-year-old boy who thinks Kat is evil since they first met. He tries to stay out of trouble, but is often humiliated and injured when trying to prove Kat's true identity. He gets the blame for everything Kat ruins in the house. Coop sometimes thinks Mr. Kat's plan is to take over the world, but Mr. Kat's plans are to collect Fishy frisky bits and return to his home planet in outer space. Coop may have misunderstood Mr. Kat most of the time. He always jumps to conclusions without knowing all the facts, due to the fact that he never takes chances and never bothers talking to Kat about the situation instead of fighting him. The irony about Coop is that he always comes up with plans to get rid of Kat, which only cause Kat to stay. Coop's father, Mr. Burtonburger and Coop's sister Millie think that Coop is insane for thinking that Kat is an evil alien. Dennis (Coop's best friend), Fiona
(Coop's girlfriend), Grandpa and Grandma believe him. The Burtonburger's neighbor, Old Lady Munson, hates Coop, but favors Millie. Coop has brown hair and blue eyes. Nobody knows what happened to Coop and Millie's mom who could either be deceased or divorced. Together, he and his friends are fans of Captain Blasteroid. In episode "Something about Fiona" Coop develops a crush on Old Lady Munson's niece named Fiona, who is revealed to also know Mr. Kat's identity, and also loves Coop back. But during the episode "Kat To The Future Part 2" Coop travels to the past and stops Millie from ever finding Kat.
When Coop returns to the future he found out that Kat's actual mission was conquering the Earth for other cats and becoming a hero. He remained one of the protagonists throughout the entire series.
Voiced by Kathleen Barr
Coop's 8 year old little sister; a spoiled and bratty girl and the "owner" of Kat, whom she loves very deeply. Mr. Burtonburger, her father, always does whatever Millie says, mainly because she throws extreme tantrums when she fails to get her way. Because she can easily manipulate people into giving her what she wants, her talent earns her the neighborhood nickname "The Master Manipulator". Like several characters, she usually blames Coop for everything that happens. Millie has long, dark blue hair tied up in a ponytail with a magenta-colored bow, freckles and buck teeth, and wears red-framed eyeglasses. She is a "Greeny Girl" a parody of the Girl Scouts. Millie's hair goes down to her feet. She and Coop rarely get along. In "Tickled Pink", she and Coop finally got along, though Coop was only doing that to protect from Kat, besides, at the end, they revert to their old ways. However, in the new Kid Vs. Kat episode "Mind Games", Millie expressed an interest in playing with Coop, at the point where she accidentally gets "telepathic powers" from one of Kat's inventions, and uses that to force Coop to be with her, even when Coop tried to run away to stop Kat. At the end of the episode her telepathic powers were gone, and both Coop and Kat were relieved, but Millie states sadly that all she wanted was for Coop to play with her. Seeing how sad Millie is, Coop agrees to spend time with her this time, and with a reluctant Kat joining in. Mille is only person liked by Old Lady Munson. In the episode The Kat Went Back Mille understood that Kat was an alien. But on the same episode when she was talking with Lorne and Horley, Kat used a raygun which brainwashed Mille, Lorne and Horley minds to forget that Kat was an alien.
Voiced by Cathy Weseluck
Coop's Asian American best friend and the only person, aside from Fiona, that believes Coop. He helps Coop whenever he tries to stop Kat by contacting each other on Walkie-Talkies until they get Captain Blastoroid bubble blowing communication helmets in the episode "The Grass is Always Meaner". Their birthdays are only one day apart and they always wish for the same presents. Dennis has black hair and black eyes but unlike his father, he does not have an Asian accent. According to Dennis, he and Coop shared a playpen. Dennis is 10-years old.
Voiced by Trevor Devall
The single father of Coop and Millie Burtonburger, who is constantly stressed out due to Coop's "misbehaving." He owns the House of Swap. Burt has brown hair and wears black-framed eyeglasses. He sometimes makes unpleasant-tasting vegetarian smoothies which no one can stand to drink. He seems to be strongly in favor of doing things yourself and living in harmony with nature, in contrast with Henry (Dennis's Father), who is very technology-savvy and uses gadgets whenever he can. Burt seems to hate that Coop is pulling his leg too much with jokes and gags. Nobody knows what happened to Burt's wife, the Burtonburger children's mother, who could have either divorced him or died. However, divorced or dead, a mother character was never part of the show.
Voiced by Linda Sorenson
A nosy old woman who is the next-door neighbor of the Burtonburgers, and Captain Blasteroid's aunt. She is grumpy, mean, and very selfish to all the children and adults, though she favors Millie over Coop, Mr. Burtonburger, and perhaps even Fiona. When someone (Kat very often) causes trouble for her and Coop ends up with the blame, she yells, "BURTONBURGER!" She is known for her hobby of collecting and naming garden gnomes and for stealing away all the kid's toys through over the years whenever they fall to her backyard. She has a dog named Growler. She has a niece named Fiona whom Coop falls love with. She is voiced by Linda Soresen.
Voiced by Tabitha St. Germain
A girl who has a crush on Coop and constantly annoys him. Phoebe clearly despises Millie, partially because Millie "owns" Kat and Phoebe owns Honeyfluff, a white-haired, obese cat with a pink bow on the end of her tail who is shown, in one of the short episodes, to have an attraction to Kat. She has brown eyes, russet brown hair and light brown skin. She comes from a very wealthy family, and she is jealous of Fiona because Coop likes Fiona and not her as seen in "Birthday Bashed".
Voiced by Vincent Tong
Dennis's Asian American father. They have the same head shape and skin, but Henry is almost bald. He and Burt see every little thing as a competition. Henry uses devices all the time and owns a computer store.
Voiced by: Chiara Zanni
Old Lady Munson's niece. She's 10 years old. Coop has a crush on her. She is the only one besides Coop and Dennis that knows Kat is not a normal cat, and she sometimes helps them in their battles against Kat. She's envied by Phoebe, because she likes Coop too. In the episode "Kat of Diamonds", Fiona confesses Coop that she likes him. However, at the season 2 finale, she forgot Mr. Kat's secret after being zapped by his memory erasing gun. It is uncertain if she'll know Mr. Kat's secret again or even return for the next upcoming season. She sometimes visits Munson and as she and Coop, they share literally many similar interests, but Munson won't let them be together.
Are the "friends" of Coop and Dennis, they called Coop cat boy since Kat appeared in his life. They always have a tape recorder to record a hand-made horror films themselves, but always recorded at Coop when doing something ridiculous or blame on Kat and doing crazy things caused by Kat, humbled. In the episode "Suddenly Last Slammer," they discover a plan of Kat and managed to record it. They have a pet chicken named Cachaitore.
During the Season 2 Finale, Kat is hunted down by his home planet for failing a mission to transport the Kat army to earth, thanks to Coop, Fiona, Dennis, and not knowingly, Lorne and Harley when the robots sent by Kat's home planet arrive to hunt him down he tricks them into capturing a dummy (Kat) made by the true Kat, but at the same time Millie appears looking for Kat and Coop. Fiona and Dennis arrive looking to stop the robots (thinking Kat made them) Lorne and Harley also arrive by mistake and they are all captured by the robots. When Kat saw this he hopped on the robot to save Millie and was transported to his home planet where Coop and everyone else is imprisoned by the cat's Kat gets help from his girlfriend on his planet and breaks them out and admits to Millie that he is an alien. He then transports them home, but as the spaceship is taking off to bring them home, Coop throws him off but not before Kat viciously fights him. Kat is surrounded by guards, but to his surprise he is forgiven because he fought Coop and is sent back to fulfill his mission when he arrives he uses a special gun to blank the memories of Fiona, Millie, Lorne, and Harley so that they all forget Kat is an alien.
"These are the coolest Grandma and Grandpa" Coop says. They believe what Coop says (about Kat). They are not common ones. They commonly come home with a hot air balloon.
Growler is the dachshund of Old Lady Munson he is small brown and also very loud. He hates Kat but is unknown about Coop. He is Mrs. Munsons garden dog.
Cacciatore the mascot of Lorne and Harley, is a chicken, which first appeared in "You'll Be Show Sorry" where Kat knocked him out of the competition. It also appears in the "The Kat Whisperer" as one of the many pets that are lining up to see Coop, where Lorne and Harley mention that the bird is afraid of chickens.
Antagonists.
Voiced by Kathleen Barr
A space alien that looks like a Sphinx cat. Mr. Kat is an evil cat who dislikes Coop. He is adopted by Coop's sister, Millie, as a stray cat. At first an annoyance to Coop, he soon becomes a sworn enemy for his being stranded on Earth. They always fight in the comforts of the Burtonburger home, and most often Coop is blamed for any misdeed (at the defense of Millie). However, at times he and Coop get along; in fact whenever trouble threatens both of them they work together, as revealed in "Just Me and Glue." Kat repeatedly tries to get home, only to be foiled by Coop. In "Nip/Duck" he turns out to be part cyborg. While annoyed by his 'owner' dressing him up, he later grows an attactment to her, to the point of acting like a real pet. In the episode "Pet Peeved", he constantly calls for Millie's attention at the start of the episode, then runs away because Millie had found a new playmate. In the episode "One Big, Happy Family," when Millie falls for a trap Mr. Kat had planted for Coop, Mr. Kat tries to save her, Millie is really the only one he likes. She is Kat's only friend on Earth as seen when she is in trouble, he always goes to save her like in "The Kat Went Back". Kat's main goal is often presented as simply trying to get home, although in one episode, "Fat Kat," it is revealed that he was sent to Earth to gather "Fishy Frisky Bits," a type of cat food he had developed an obsessed appetite for, and transport the substance back to his home world, the planet Catnip, where the promised title of hero would be waiting for him. It is also revealed that he has been doing a poor job of it so far. Another episode, a Christmas special, reveals how much he misses the family he left behind on his home planet. In the episode "Tickled pink" it is revealed that Kat has a weak spot that makes him forget about his mission. In the episode "Kat to the Future Part One and Part Two" Kat build a time machine then Coop uses Kat’s time machine to go back to the past and stop Millie from bringing Kat home, but ends up altering the future for the worse of seen the world had been taken over by Kat. Coop tries to undo the Kat invasion so he has to go back to the past again, which he brought about by fooling with Kat’s time machine. If it was not for Millie, Mr. Kat would have became evil and dominated earth for his own selfishness. In "Rebel with a Claw", he teams-up with Coop and Dennis to stop Mr. Kitten and return him back to the home planet. Kat also demonstrates holy power of "flying squirrel". This is seen in the episode "War versus Hamster". Coop and Kat often seem to be quite loathing and fighting each other as tendecy, but however, since the beginning of Season 2 to until now, Coop and Kat have slowly begun to move far away from their differences. He is the main antagonist of the series.
Voiced by Christopher Gaze
Mr. Cheeks is Mr. Kat's enemy. Millie's class pet hamster who turns out to be an alien like Kat and wants to destroy Millie and take over the earth for his home planet. His alien species are rivals with the catnipians. Mr.Cheeks appears in only three episodes. During the Season 2 Finale, Mr. Cheeks was imprisoned by the Kats, but later escaped.
The supreme ruler of Catnip. He sent Mr. Kat to Earth for a secret mission of collecting Fishy Frisky Bits and return to Catnip for the promised title of hero. Coop didn't know about him at first until he saw for himself. He is first seen in "Fat Kat", he is shown in different episodes telling all the space Sphynx cats their missions. He always behaves brutally and mean with Mr. Kat. Fans believed he didn't know about Coop, but it is seen in "The Kat Went Back" that Coop is actually very famous on Catnip.
Kat Kommander's rebellious son. He loves rock and to party somewhat like Kat and is seen as ruthless as he tries to kill Millie and her dad when he escapes to Earth where Kat must send him home.
During the Season 2 Finale, Mr. Kitten is seen playing with the imprisoned Lorne and Harley and as he takes them out into a city on Catnipia he helps them destroy things and befriends them.
Buck Diamond is a tough Animal Protection Officer from the episode "Bootsville's Most Wanted". He declared Coop as "Bootsville's Most Wanted" all because Kat was making Coop getting into trouble with Buck. After he was defeated by Coop and Dennis, he was arrested by the police for his recent crimes which are: destruction of private property, numerous traffic violations and throwing the Mayor of Bootsville in jail all because he didn't change the water in his pet's water bowl.
Production/History.
Creation.
When the series was announced on February 19, 2007, Coop was originally created with a light blue T-shirt with a purple stripe. His design was later changed to a red T-shirt with an orange stripe. Coop's little sister, Millie, originally had light blue glasses, a purple bow in her dark blue hair, and a brown skirt. Her final design was later changed to a blue skirt, red glasses, and a pink bow in her hair. Also, Coop's dad, Burt, was originally created with gray glasses. In the final design, they were changed to black.
Working title.
This show was originally named "Look What My Sister Dragged In".
Debut.
"Kid vs. Kat" premiered on YTV on October 25, 2008 in Canada and currently airs on Saturdays at 8:30 a.m. as part of YTV's Crunch block. In the US, the series first aired on Disney XD on February 21, 2009 at 8:00 p.m.
Cancellation.
"Kid vs. Kat" received mixed to positive feedback by audiences. However, on June 4, 2011, YTV and Disney XD announced they had ended support for new episodes of the series. It was speculated by YTV and Disney XD that the series was suffering extremely low ratings, weak financial support and competition with MuchMusic Countdown.
Fans expressed outrage at the cancellation of the series. Although creator Rob Boutilier wishes to continue the series, his message however was that he was willing to make more episodes if the show was ever picked up again. The series has since ended with the episode "The Kat Went Back (Parts 1 & 2)".
iTunes releases.
Both seasons of "Kid vs. Kat" were released exclusively through iTunes. Rob Boutilier confirmed that the series would not have a DVD release.
Reception.
The series currently holds a 7.1 at TV.com.
Ratings.
The premiere of "Kid vs. Kat" drew approximately 140,000 viewers in Canada on YTV. In the United States on Disney XD, the show drew 78,000 viewers due to the fact it is a Canadian program. However, in Canada, the show's rating a little higher than MuchMusic's "Love Court", but when Global TV's "Rookie Blue" premiered, it gained higher ratings than "Kid vs. Kat".
International popularity.
Though not famous in North America, the show became extremely popular in other territories after its premiere.
Awards and nominations.
"Kid vs. Kat" won an award for "Best Program or Series" in 2009, and was nominated for the other three awards.
Kid vs. Kat won an award for "Best Program or Series" in 2010, and was nominated for the other three awards.
Kid vs. Kat won an award for "Best Program or Series" in 2011, and was nominated for the other three awards.
Broadcast.
"Kid vs. Kat" is shown in Canada on YTV. In the US it aired on Disney XD premiering on February 13, 2009. The show aired in Australia starting in 2009 on Nickelodeon. The New Zealand premier was in 2010 on TVNZ. The show began broadcasting in the UK and Ireland on April 4, 2009 on Jetix, in pair with the show's premiere in the rest of Europe on the same channel.

</doc>
<doc id="21471997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471997" title="Nick Martinelli">
Nick Martinelli

"For the Sylvester Stallone character named Nick Martinelli, see the 1984 film Rhinestone"
Nick Martinelli (born 1950s) is an American R&B and pop record producer. He worked with many R&B and pop music artists during the 1980s, many of which were based in the UK. The acts he worked with include Loose Ends, Five Star, Stephanie Mills and Regina Belle.
Early history.
Martinelli cut his teeth as a teenager in 1969 in the Chips warehouse, an independent record distributor for Motown. He was promoted to warehouse manager as he developed an understanding of distribution and retail sales. In 1977, Motown rewarded Nick's diligence by giving him additional responsibilities handling dance promotion for the Northeast region which covered from New York to Washington.
It was in the clubs where Martinelli found an outlet to express himself creatively — behind the turntables. In 1978, WMOT Records hired Nick for a national sales position. He finally made the transition to A&R a year later. This enabled him to sign and develop new talent on the Philadelphia scene at the time.
Influenced by “The Sound of Philadelphia”, Martinelli credits Dexter Wansel for his technical studio training. Although Martinelli and WMOT did well in America with Frankie Smith's "Double Dutch Bus", it took a trip overseas for him to create a niche with his production style; he co-produced "Zoom" for Fat Larry's Band, and it rose to the top of the British pop singles chart in 1981. Martinelli then spent two years remixing many hits for various artists including the Ray Parker Jr. hit, "Ghost Busters".
Martinelli is also accredited to have produced and mixed Lady B's vinyl record "To the Beat Y'all". This is notable due to the fact that Lady B was one of the first ever female rappers to hit the rap scene back in 1979.
1980s.
Martinelli is perhaps best known for working with the successful English R&B band Loose Ends during the mid-1980s when he produced two of their all time biggest selling albums, "So Where Are You?" in 1985 and "Zagora" in 1986. "So Where Are You?" included Loose Ends biggest hit to date "Hangin' on a String (Contemplating)" which reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "Zagora" featured another highly successful hit "Slow Down", which also reached number one on the same chart. He also worked with members of Loose Ends on Five Star's debut album "Luxury of Life", which was released in 1985, including the R&B hits "All Fall Down" (number 16 in 1985) and "Let Me Be The One" (number two in 1986).
In the mid-eighties, Martinelli's accomplishments continued, producing some of the most talented signature vocalists in music, including Stephanie Mills (with #1 singles for "I Feel Good All Over" and "Home"), Gladys Knight & The Pips ("All Our Love"' album - gold), Teddy Pendergrass (#1 "Joy" album - gold), and Miki Howard (#1 single with "Love Under New Management" and "Baby Be Mine").
1990s.
Martinelli entered the nineties with Regina Belle's #1 album, "Stay with Me", spawning two #1 hit singles, one which garnered a Grammy nomination ("Make It Like It Was"). Long-time mentor Kenny Gamble selected him to work with Phyllis Hyman. Having written two selections for Hyman including the Top 10 single, "When You Get Right Down To It". he produced her #1 R&B hit, "Don't Wanna Change The World". In 1993, Martinelli relocated to Los Angeles where he wrote and produced songs for Jomanda, Regina Belle, Robin S., Howard Hewett, Gerald Alston, Lulu, Ru Paul, Chaka Kahn and his lifelong idol, Diana Ross.
He achieved Quadruple platinum status with his new productions on the Diana Ross greatest hits, "One Woman Collection". In 1994 he branched out by doing a Gold-BPI certified symphonic Christmas CD, "A Very Special Season" for Diana Ross in the U.K. In early 1995, Martinelli was called back to London to produce the original cast album for the hit musical, "Mama I Want To Sing", starring Chaka Kahn.
Accolades.
In 1988, Martinelli received the Philadelphia Music Foundation Award for notching the most Top 10 singles in one year. Two years later they honored him again by naming him Best Urban Producer. In the U.K. he was always included in the Blues and Soul Top 10 producer list.

</doc>
<doc id="21472008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472008" title="David Sabiston">
David Sabiston

David Coston Sabiston, Jr., M.D., F.A.C.S. (October 4, 1924 – January 26, 2009) was an early innovator in cardiac surgery. In 1962, he performed a seminal procedure that paved the way for modern coronary-bypass surgery, grafting a vein from a patient's leg to bypass a blocked coronary artery during open-heart surgery.
The patient died from unrelated complications, but Sabiston's technique and other surgeons' improvements on it led to the development of surgical coronary revascularization as it exists today.
Early years, Education, & Military Service.
Sabiston was born to David C. Sabiston, Sr. and Frances Marie Sabiston (née Jackson) in Jacksonville, NC. He graduated with a B.S. degree in 1944 as a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society, from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Sabiston then attended Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, completing his M.D. degree as a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha honor society in 1947. After medical school, Sabiston spent two years as a Captain (O3) in the U.S. Army Medical Corps, posted at Walter Reed Medical Center, doing cardiovascular research.
Career in Thoracic Surgery.
After his military service, Sabiston returned to Johns Hopkins University to complete his residency and fellowship training, under the direction of Alfred Blalock. In 1952, he was given an instructorship at Hopkins during his year as a Chief Resident, and then an assistant professorship in Surgery in 1953 with a joint appointment as an Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
In 1961, Sabiston was granted a Fulbright scholarship to study at the Hospital for Sick Children and Nuffield Department of Surgery at the University of Oxford.
Upon his return to the United States, Sabiston joined the Duke University School of Medicine (Durham, NC) in 1964 as James B. Duke Professor and Chairman of the Department of Surgery, a position he held for the next 32 years. Sabiston published almost 300 peer-reviewed papers on various facets of cardiothoracic surgery during his career, as well as over 35 books and many invited book chapters. One of those works, ""Sabiston's Textbook of Surgery: the Biological Basis of Modern Surgical Practice"," is now in its 19th edition, currently edited by Drs. Townsend, Beauchamp, Evers, and Mattox. It is still considered the definitive treatise on surgical practice.
Early in his tenure in Durham, Sabiston helped to desegregate the surgical clinics and wards at the Duke University Hospital.
Accolades & awards.
He assumed numerous other leadership roles throughout his career, including the Presidency of the American Surgical Association, the American Association for Thoracic Surgery, and the American College of Surgeons. Sabiston was also on the Board of Regents for the last of those organizations, and he served as Editor-in-Chief of the professional journal "Annals of Surgery" for 27 years. In addition, he received many awards, honorary degrees, and memberships in professional societies across the world. They included the Distinguished Alumnus Award, University of North Carolina, 1978; North Carolina Award in Science Gold Medal (Presented by the Governor of North Carolina), 1978; American Heart Association Scientific Councils' Distinguished Achievement Award, 1983; Michael E. DeBakey Award for Outstanding Achievement, 1984; College Medalist, American College of Chest Physicians, 1987; Honorary Degree, University of Madrid, 1994; Gimbernet Prize, Societat Catalana de Cirurgia, 1994; Honorary Fellowship, European Surgical Association, 1995; The Johns Hopkins University Distinguished Alumnus Award, 1995; Bigelow Medal, Boston Surgical Society, 1996; The Society Prize, the International Surgical Society, 1999; Honorary Member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England; Honorary Member of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh; Honorary Member of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada; Honorary Member of the German Society of Surgery; Honorary Member of the Royal College of Surgeons of Ireland; Honorary Member of the Royal Australian College of Surgeons; Honorary Member of the Japanese College of Surgeons; Honorary Member of the French Surgical Association; Honorary Member of the Philippine College of Surgeons; Asociacion de Cirugia del Litoral (Argentina); Brazilian College of Surgeons; Spanish Association of Surgeons; and Columbia Surgical Society. The honors that Sabiston was said to have cherished most were teaching awards from the medical students at Duke University, whom he held in the highest regard
Retirement & death.
Sabiston retired from medical practice in 1994. He died from the last in a series of three cerebrovascular accidents (strokes) in January 2009 at the age of 84. Sabiston was survived by his wife of 54 years, Agnes (née Barden), as well as 3 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21472037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472037" title="KBEK">
KBEK

KBEK (95.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Mora, Minnesota. The station is owned by Colleen McKinney, a resident of Mora. It airs a music format based primarily on oldies, which is presented entirely by personalities who live in the station's broadcast area.
The station was assigned the KBEK call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on September 20, 1989, and was granted its License to Cover on May 22, 1995. It was formerly licensed to John Godfrey, Ms. McKinney's late husband, who died of cancer in 2004.
Due to economic factors, KBEK went up for sale in September 2011. It originally announced that it would close on September 30, 2011 (which was subsequently pushed to December 31, 2011) before McKinney announced on December 22 that KBEK had been sold and will remain on the air. 
KBEK went off the air April 1, 2014.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21472049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472049" title="National church">
National church

National church is a concept of a Christian church associated with a specific ethnic group or nation state. The idea was notably discussed during the 19th century, during the emergence of modern nationalism. 
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, in a draft discussing the question of church and state around 1828 wrote that 
John Wordsworth, bishop of Salisbury, wrote about the National Church of Sweden in 1911, interpreting the Church of Sweden and the Church of England as national churches of the Swedish and the English peoples, respectively. Lake (1987) traces the development of Presbyterianism in 16th-century England from the status of a "godly minority" which saw itself surrounded by the corrupt or hostile mass of the population, into a "genuine national church".
The concept of a national church remains alive in the Protestantism of England and Scandinavia in particular. While, in a context of England, the national church remains a common denominator for the Church of England, the Lutheran "folk churches" of Scandinavia, characterized as national churches in the ethnic sense as opposed to the idea of a state church, emerged in the second half of the 19th century, following the lead of Grundtvig.
Karl Barth denounced as heretical the tendency of "nationalizing" the Christian God, especially in the context of national churches sanctioning warfare against other Christian nations during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="21472074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472074" title="John Gloucester">
John Gloucester

John Gloucester was the first African American to become an ordained Presbyterian minister in the United States.
Biography.
Gloucester was born in 1776 as a slave in Tennessee. He arrived in Philadelphia in 1807. He began preaching at a house on Gaskill Street. His congregation grew and eventually moved to the corner of 7th and Shippen (now Bainbridge) Streets. The First African Presbyterian Church was built and dedicated on this spot in May 1811. Gloucester preached his first official sermons to a congregation of 123 people. He served the church until his death in 1822.

</doc>
<doc id="21472107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472107" title="Dean Miller (broadcaster)">
Dean Miller (broadcaster)

Dean Miller (November 1, 1924 – January 13, 2004), born Dean C. Stuhlmueller, was an American actor and broadcaster, perhaps best known for his role as the son-in-law in the CBS sitcom "December Bride" (1954–1959). Thereafter, Miller was a co-host of the NBC celebrity interview program "Here's Hollywood".
Miller was born in Hamilton, Ohio, and graduated from Ohio State University in Columbus. He worked first at a radio station in Albany, New York. He left for Hollywood and made his screen debut in 1952 as Archie O'Conovan in the film "Skirts Ahoy!" and followed up that same year with appearances as Ben Jones in "Because You're Mine" and as Monty Dunstan in "Everything I Have Is Yours". In 1953, he played Mac in "Small Town Girl" and George in "Dream Wife" with Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr.
In 1954, Miller was cast as 30-year-old Matt Henshaw, an architect, in "December Bride", opposite Spring Byington as his widowed mother-in-law, Lily Ruskin, and Frances Rafferty as his television wife, Ruth Ruskin Henshaw. Verna Felton and Harry Morgan also had recurring supporting roles in the series as Hilda Crocker, Lily's best friend, and Pete Porter, the wisecracking nextdoor neighbor who was an insurance agent. Most of the scenes were in the Henshaw's living room. The series was sufficiently successful that it spawned a spin-off, "Pete and Gladys" (1960–1962) starring Harry Morgan and Cara Williams as Pete and Gladys Porter.
After "December Bride", Miller acted only twice in a television series, as "Millionaire Harry Brown" in a 1959 episode of CBS's "The Millionaire" fantasy drama, and as George Manville in the 1960 segment "Happily Unmarried" of NBC's short-lived sitcom "The Tab Hunter Show". He then joined "Here's Hollywood", where he often interviewed stars and singers in their own homes, including Cary Grant, Paul Newman, and Elizabeth Taylor. In 1963, Miller appeared as a guest on the NBC daytime quiz show "Your First Impression", with Bill Leyden and Dennis James. 
In 1965, Miller purchased radio station WMVR-FM (105.5), then an AM outlet in Sidney, Ohio. Miller later served as a news anchorman for WDIV-TV in Detroit. He died of cancer at the age of seventy-nine in Grosse Pointe Woods, Michigan, near Detroit. Survivors included his wife, the former Ida Wagner, who still operates the radio station, and three children. Miller is interred at Graceland Cemetery in Sidney, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="21472143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472143" title="Ben Elliott">
Ben Elliott

Ben Elliott is a producer, engineer and co-owner of Showplace Studios in Dover, NJ. He has been the Chief Engineer at Showplace since its opening in 1991.
Over the years he has worked with and assisted top producer/engineers like Rob Fraboni, Jason Corsaro, Andy Wallace, and Eddie Kramer.
Recording career.
Ben has recorded, mixed and produced artists for over 20 years. He is known for his expertise in diverse musical genres, having recorded classic artists such as Eric Clapton and Keith Richards (for whom he recorded and mixed "You Win Again," featured on "Timeless", the Grammy-winning all-star tribute to Hank Williams, among other projects). Ben has also recorded and/or mixed albums for Leslie West and Mountain, Peter Green, Mick Taylor, Savoy Brown, Jack Bruce, Rory Gallagher and many other rock artists.
Blues.
In the blues genre he has made records with legends Hubert Sumlin, James Cotton, Willie "Big Eyes" Smith, and Paul Oscher and Bob Margolin of Muddy Waters' band.
Jazz.
Ben has also worked with jazz artists including Grady Tate, Sonny Fortune and Louis Hayes, and mixed a series of "Live at the Blue Note" albums. He has worked with R&B musicians Ben E. King, Houston Person, Jerry Jermont, Bill Easley, Bernard Purdie and Wilbur Bascomb, among others, and contemporary bands such as Clutch, Robert Randolph, and the Henry Rollins Band.

</doc>
<doc id="21472144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472144" title="Judge Jeanine Pirro">
Judge Jeanine Pirro

Judge Jeanine Pirro (known simply as Judge Pirro since the premiere of its second season) is an American arbitration-based reality court show, presided over by retired Westchester County, New York, District Attorney Jeanine Pirro. The series debuted on The CW on September 22, 2008.
Synopsis.
As with other court shows, such as "Judge Mathis" and "Judge Judy", a former judge serves as an "arbitrator" (dispute solver), and awards the litigants monetary judgments, of up to $5000, which is paid in full by the program's producers.
Production.
"Judge Jeanine Pirro" was recorded in Chicago at NBC Tower, the NBC network's Chicago broadcast base and home to the related courtroom series "Judge Mathis", and is produced by Telepictures Productions, distributed in syndication by Warner Bros. Greg Mathis, who presides over the aforementioned "Judge Mathis", serves as this series' consultant.
Upon its premiere, "Judge Pirro" was made part of The CW Daytime programming block; meaning that, while technically a syndicated series, it only aired on CW affiliates. Following its first season, "The Tyra Banks Show" was pulled from national syndication and took over "Judge Pirro's" place in the CW Daytime lineup, resulting in the series moving to Fox-owned stations.
In the spring of 2011, "Judge Pirro" was cancelled due to low ratings. Also, in 2011, shortly before the show's cancellation, it was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award and won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Legal/Courtroom Program.
Controversy.
One of the bailiffs, Keith Anderson, was fired after he was arrested for attempted extortion charges.

</doc>
<doc id="21472147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472147" title="Pleasant J. Philips">
Pleasant J. Philips

Pleasant Jackson Philips (July 3, 1819 – October 12, 1876) was an American planter, banker, and soldier. He served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War, noted for his involvement in the 1864 Battle of Griswoldville. After the war he resumed his banking career.
Early life and career.
Pleasant J. Philips was born in 1819 in Georgia. His surname is often recorded as 'Phillips' however both his gravestone, his signature, and the dedication of a presentation sword to him all refer to 'Philips'. He was a son of Charles Phillips, an American soldier from North Carolina (member of the Georgia House of Representatives in 1821 and 1822, the Georgia Senate in 1823 and Georgia Militia general from 1825-1828), and his wife Anne Nicks. Pleasant Philips prospered as a plantation owner and slaveholder in Harris County, as well as the Bank of Brunswick president. He married Laura Osborne in Harris County, Georgia on November 19, 1838 according to the county's marriage records. By 1860 he had relocated to Columbus, and also was very active in the Georgia State Militia, reaching the rank of major by 1861.
Civil War service.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, Philips chose to follow his home state of Georgia and the Confederate cause. On November 18 he was elected colonel of the 31st Georgia Infantry, assuming command of the regiment on the following day. Philips was then ordered to Savannah, Georgia, where it spent that winter. During the reorganization of the Confederate Army in the spring of 1862, Philips was not re-elected and resigned his commission on May 13. That same day Maj. Clement A. Evans was named colonel and replaced Philips in command of the 31st Georgia.
After resigning Philips returned home to Columbus. On July 7, 1862, he was appointed a brigadier general in Georgia's Militia, and spent a brief period serving in Virginia. Following the 1863 reorganization of the state forces, he was appointed colonel and commander of one of Georgia's military districts. By 1864 Philips was again a brigadier general, commanding the 2nd Brigade, 1st Division of the militia. In July this force was ordered to join the Army of Tennessee during the Siege of Atlanta, attached to Bates Division, Lt General S.D. Lees Corps, Along the Sandtown Road, during the Battle of Utoy Creek Aug 1-10 1864, and serving throughout the siege there until September.
Griswoldville.
Following the 1864 surrender of Atlanta, Philips and his command returned to Georgia and the men were granted a 30-day furlough, allowing them time to harvest crops from their lands. That fall his force was separated from the Army of Tennessee and ordered to oppose Sherman's March to the Sea, fighting at the Battle of Griswoldville near Macon on October 22, following a four hour march from Macon. Hoping to slow if not block the Union Army advance across Georgia, Maj. Gen. Joseph Wheeler's cavalry force attacked Union cavalry around Macon. Wheeler achieved some brief success but infantry commanded by Brig. Gen. Charles C. Walcutt arrived to support the Union troops, who forced Wheeler back and then assumed a defensive position. Philips and his militia division (described as "ill equipped, poorly trained") attacked this position three times and were repulsed. The assaults were described as:
The Confederates lost about 51 dead and 472 wounded plus around 600 missing, compared to less than 100 Union losses. Prior to this fight Philips' commander, G.W. Smith, had ordered the militia not engage the advancing Union soldiers, but Philips thought he had located an isolated and unsupported brigade and attacked, in clear disobedience of Smith's instructions. He received much criticism for his actions, and was rumored to be drunk at the crucial moment as well. The spirited but futile attack by Philips has been described as "...while it reflects great credit upon the gallantry of the Confederate and State forces engaged, was unnecessary, unexpected and utterly unproductive of any good." Following the action at Griswoldville, Philips resigned from the Confederate service in November.
Postbellum career.
After resigning Philips returned to Columbus, Georgia, and his banking career. He died at his home in Wynnton in 1876, and was buried in Linnwood Cemetery in Columbus.
See also.
List of American Civil War Generals (Acting Confederate)

</doc>
<doc id="21472159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472159" title="List of villages in Tokelau">
List of villages in Tokelau

This is a list of villages in Tokelau. There are no cities in Tokelau.

</doc>
<doc id="21472175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472175" title="Flushing dog">
Flushing dog

A Flushing Dog is a gundog trained to flush game, especially birds, by first finding the game then driving it from its hiding place for a hunter to shoot or capture. 
Flushing dogs are different from other gundog types such as pointers and setters, dogs which remain still after locating the game, or retrievers, dogs that fetch the game after it has been shot. Some types of dogs have been specially bred for flushing ability, such as cockers and other spaniels. Other breeds of gundog are also often trained as flushing dogs, especially retrievers. Most flushing dogs are very people-friendly and make excellent companions and pets.

</doc>
<doc id="21472188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472188" title="Matilda of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg">
Matilda of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg

Matilda of Brandenburg (c. 1210 – 10 June 1261) was a daughter of Albert II, Margrave of Brandenburg, and Matilda of Lusatia. In 1228 she married Duke Otto I of Lüneburg, a son of William of Winchester. She died on 10 June 1261 in Lüneburg. Mathilde and Otto had the following known children:

</doc>
<doc id="21472204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472204" title="Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski">
Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski

Corporal Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski (March 13, 1913 – December 15, 2000), underground "nom de guerre" Miedza (footpath between fields in Polish), was a Polish war artist, and underground fighter. Member of the Polish resistance during occupation of Poland in World War II, he escaped from the transport to Pawiak prison after arrest, and left besieged Warsaw with the civilian population. Miedza-Tomaszewski is the author of the 1977 memoir "Benefis konspiratora" about his Warsaw Uprising experiences. Those events served as the basis for the movie "Umarłem, aby żyć" ( so as to live, 1984).
Miedza-Tomaszewski graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw when the war broke out. In the Polish resistance, he was one of the members of the Bureau of Information and Propaganda. He designed posters and underground stamps. He was a brother of photographer Jerzy Tomaszewski (also a member of Polish Armia Krajowa) who photographed the Warsaw Uprising before being seriously wounded; and Andrzej Tomaszewski "nom de guerre" 'Andrzej', also an underground fighter. He was the oldest of six brothers.
Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski was the godfather of Polish president Lech Kaczyński.

</doc>
<doc id="21472206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472206" title="Febrile non-hemolytic transfusion reaction">
Febrile non-hemolytic transfusion reaction

Febrile non-hemolytic transfusion reaction is a type of transfusion reaction that is associated with fever but not directly with hemolysis. Most commonly caused by antibodies directed against donor leukocytes and HLA antigens.
It is abbreviated "FNHTR".
The reaction can be mediated by cytokines.
Acetaminophen and diphenhydramine have been used in treatment, and leukoreduction of future transfusions is sometimes performed.

</doc>
<doc id="21472225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472225" title="Pop It!">
Pop It!

Pop It! is an interactive television series on for kids ages 6 to 11 years old that offers fun, exercise, and entertainment. Hosted by Briana (11), Shemar (12), and Lamar (14), the three young dancers break down the moves to teach the routines from their original music videos. After the short lessons, kids are invited to dance along to the music with the three stars and their friends. 
The show is produced by Hop To It Productions, Inc., in association with TVO and the Bell Fund. It was filmed at the IAOD studios in Toronto. There are 26 episodes. Each episode is 7 minutes long. The show first aired on TVO on September 3, 2007, and on SCN and Knowledge Network. 
Host of the show
Minor Dancers

</doc>
<doc id="21472296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472296" title="The Set-Up (1995 film)">
The Set-Up (1995 film)

The Set-Up is a 1995 crime thriller film. Directed by Strathford Hamilton. It was based on a novel by James Hadley Chase
Plot.
Charlie Thorpe (Billy Zane), a security systems expert, is caught during a robbery. When he get released from prison, a bank owner hires him to design a fool-proof system during the refurbishing of his bank. After he has completed the system, he begins getting blackmailed, to break his system.

</doc>
<doc id="21472303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472303" title="ECIL">
ECIL

ECIL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21472306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472306" title="Matilda of Brandenburg">
Matilda of Brandenburg

Matilda of Brandenburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21472321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472321" title="Mohansic State Hospital">
Mohansic State Hospital

Mohansic State Hospital (a/k/a Mohansic State Insane Asylum, Mohansic State Hospital for the Insane) was a hospital which existed near Yorktown Heights in Westchester County, New York. On October 17, 1909, the State Commission in Lunacy purchased on Lake Mohansic for $135,000, with the intention of building an asylum to accommodate 2,000 (later 6,000) patients to relieve the overcrowding of institutions in New York City. The property was later expanded to , with an additional for the New York State Training School for Boys. Dr. Isham G. Harris became superintendent of Mohansic State Hospital in 1910.
In 1911, a spur from the New York and Putnam Railroad was built from Yorktown Heights and across Crom Pond to the site. Construction of the hospital was underway, starting with three "cottages" which housed 165 inmates. Strang Cottage was the site of the murder of 19 year-old hospital attendant Charles Wiley, Jr. on July 4, 1913. 
In 1916 continued construction on the asylum became the subject of heated debate. Senator Robert F. Wagner cited concerns of pollution to the New Croton Reservoir and the New York City water supply from sewage the asylum would produce, and Senator Henry M. Sage cited the considerable amount the State had already spent developing the property at New York City's request. New York State Governor Charles S. Whitman eventually ordered construction stopped to protect the watershed, and in 1918 he signed a bill which abandoned the hospital project. The funds for Mohansic were re-appropriated for use in construction of an asylum in upstate New York, and the property was converted to a state park in 1918. The site is currently occupied by Franklin D. Roosevelt State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21472323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472323" title="Acute hemolytic transfusion reaction">
Acute hemolytic transfusion reaction

An acute hemolytic transfusion reaction (AHTR) is a type of transfusion reaction that is associated with hemolysis.
It occurs very soon after the transfusion often within 24 hrs post-transfusion. It can occur quickly upon transfusing a few milliliters, or up to 1–2 hours post-transfusion.
It is also known as an "immediate hemolytic transfusion reaction".
This is a medical emergency as it results from rapid destruction of the donor red blood cells by host antibodies (IgG, IgM). It is usually related to ABO blood group incompatibility - the most severe of which often involves group A red cells being given to a patient with group O type blood. Properdin then binds to complement C3 in the donor blood, facilitating the reaction through the alternate pathway cascade. The donor cells also become coated with IgG and are subsequently removed by macrophages in the reticuloendothelial system (RES). Jaundice and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) may also occur. The most common cause is clerical error (i.e. the wrong unit of blood being given to the patient).
Types.
Acute hemolytic transfusion reactions are divided into two
Pathophysiology.
Immune mediated.
This may be caused by preformed IgM anti A, anti B or both or by IgG or Rh, Kell, Duffy or other non ABO antibodies. The former results in a severe intravascular hemolysis and the later typically causes extravascular hemolysis.
The reactions are mediated by cytokines like TNF, IL-8, monocyte chemoattractant protein, IL-1 etc.
Non-immune mediated.
These occur when RBCs are damaged before transfusion, resulting in hemoglobinemia and hemoglobinuria. Clinical symptoms are nil or milder.
Symptoms and signs.
Early signs are fever, hypotension, anxiety, and red-coloured urine.
Late signs are generalized bleeding, caused by disseminated intravascular coagulation, and hypotension.
Laboratory assessment is based on measurement of serum haptoglobin, LDH, and indirect bilirubin levels.
Complications.
The major complication is that the hemoglobin, released by the destruction of red blood cells, may cause acute renal failure (also known as the "oliguric phase").
About 20 deaths occur annually in the US due to AHTR.

</doc>
<doc id="21472333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472333" title="List of Kid vs. Kat episodes">
List of Kid vs. Kat episodes

The animated series "Kid vs. Kat" premiered on October 25, 2008. Season 1 aired until November 30, 2009 and Season 2 aired from September 11, 2010 to June 4, 2011.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21472347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472347" title="32nd Grey Cup">
32nd Grey Cup

The 32nd Grey Cup was played on November 25, 1944, before 3,871 fans at Civic Stadium in Hamilton, Ontario.
The St. Hyacinthe-Donnacona Navy defeated the Hamilton Flying Wildcats 7 to 6.

</doc>
<doc id="21472355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472355" title="31st Grey Cup">
31st Grey Cup

The 31st Grey Cup was played on November 27, 1943, before 16,423 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto.
The Hamilton Flying Wildcats defeated the Winnipeg RCAF Bombers 23 to 14.
Curiously, both teams wore red and white jerseys and one team had to wear gold and blue uniforms. Surprisingly, Hamilton wore the Bombers traditional gold and blue while Winnipeg was allowed to keep its red jerseys.

</doc>
<doc id="21472360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472360" title="24th Grey Cup">
24th Grey Cup

The 24th Grey Cup was played on December 5, 1936, before 5,883 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto.
The Sarnia Imperials defeated the Ottawa Rough Riders 26 to 20.

</doc>
<doc id="21472369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472369" title="Ambika">
Ambika

Ambika can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21472375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472375" title="Collingwood Bay (Papua New Guinea)">
Collingwood Bay (Papua New Guinea)

Collingwood Bay is a bay on the coast of Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21472383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472383" title="29th Grey Cup">
29th Grey Cup

The Canadian Football League's 29th Grey Cup was played on November 29, 1941, before 19,065 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers defeated the Ottawa Rough Riders 18 to 16.

</doc>
<doc id="21472387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472387" title="28th Grey Cup">
28th Grey Cup

The 28th Grey Cup was played as a two-game series with the first game played on November 30, 1940, before 4,998 fans at Varsity Stadium in Toronto. The second game was played on December 7, 1940, with cold weather and snow contributing to a small attendance of 1,700 fans, at Lansdowne Park in Ottawa. This two-game series format was set up as a result of the Canadian Rugby Union disallowing the Winnipeg Blue Bombers the right to play in the title game due to a rule dispute. Consequently, what would have been the Eastern Final game became a two-game Grey Cup series.
The Ottawa Rough Riders defeated the Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers by a total-points score of 20 to 7.

</doc>
<doc id="21472396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472396" title="27th Grey Cup">
27th Grey Cup

The 27th Grey Cup was played on December 9, 1939, before 11,738 fans at Lansdowne Park at Ottawa.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers defeated the Ottawa Rough Riders 8 to 7.

</doc>
<doc id="21472433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472433" title="Mercer County Courthouse (West Virginia)">
Mercer County Courthouse (West Virginia)

The Mercer County Courthouse in Princeton, West Virginia was built in 1930-31 in the Art Moderne style. Designed by Alex B. Mahood, it is the most significant example of the style in southern West Virginia. Friezes above the front and rear doors were designed by Mrs. S.L. Mahood, the mother of the architect.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="21472450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472450" title="Reg Evans">
Reg Evans

Reginald "Reg" Evans (27 March 1928 – 7 February 2009) was a British-born actor active in Australian television, theatre, and cinema from the 1960s.
He started drama while in the Royal Air Force stationed near Oxford, England. After leaving the service studied for two years at the London Academy of Music and Drama, followed by work in repertory theatre. He toured Europe with the New Park Theatre Club and later became its artistic director.
Immigrated to Australia in the 1960s and worked in commercial radio and toured with the Young Elizabethan Players. His many Australian television roles include guest roles in "Homicide", "Skippy the Bush Kangaroo", "Number 96", "Division 4", "Spyforce", "The Evil Touch", "A Time for Love", "Behind the Legend", "Comedy Playhouse", and "The Hour Before My Brother Dies".
Film roles include that of the Station Master in the film "Mad Max" (1979) and as a pirate in "The Island" (1980). Evans also appeared in "My Letter to George" (1986).
After 1980 Evans played regular and recurring roles in several television series. These roles included that of Mr. Cocker in the Australian series of "Are You Being Served?" (1980), and Keith Purvis in the television police drama "Blue Heelers" in the 1990s.
Evans played the recurring role of scruffy private detective Howard Simmons in "Prisoner" in 1985. He had played three previous guest roles in "Prisoner". These were a colleague at Eddie Cook's electrical firm in 1979, the foreman at the printshop where Bea Smith does her work release in 1982, and as Foxy, an old friend of Lizzie Birdsworth's, in 1983. His final acting role was in the Australian comedy "Charlie & Boots" which was released in 2009.
Death.
Evans and his partner, Angela Brunton, died in the 2009 Victorian bushfires.

</doc>
<doc id="21472462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472462" title="Barossa Valley railway line">
Barossa Valley railway line

The Barossa Valley railway line, is a freight only line, running from Gawler Central Station to the Penrice Soda Works in the Barossa Valley, 84 km north of Adelaide.
Traffic is light, only the daily Genesee and Wyoming Australia operated 'Stonie' uses the line to ferry soda products from Penrice to Osborne.
Regular passenger services have not been seen on the line since 2003, with the withdrawal of the Barossa Wine Train. Commuter passenger services were earlier withdrawn on 16 December 1968.
In 2010, the track between Angaston and Nuriootpa was removed and a shared bike and pedestrian path was put in place.

</doc>
<doc id="21472489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472489" title="New York City Half Marathon">
New York City Half Marathon

The New York City Half Marathon is an annual half marathon road running race. It passes through famous landmarks such as Central Park and Times Square. The New York Road Runners administers the race.
Course.
The course starts with a clockwise loop around hilly Central Park. The course then flattens and goes along Seventh Avenue to Times Square, where it follows 42nd Street to the West Side Highway, adjacent to the Hudson River. The race finishes near Battery Park at the southern tip of Manhattan.
History.
Numerous world class runners have participated in the race, including marathon record holders Haile Gebrselassie and Paula Radcliffe, Olympic marathon medalists Catherine Ndereba, Meb Keflezighi, and Deena Kastor, 2008 U.S. Olympic marathoner Dathan Ritzenhein, and American half marathon record holder Ryan Hall.
Gebrselassie set the men's course record in 2007 championship, with a time of 59:24. On March 16, 2014, Sally Kipyego set the women's record with a time of 1:08:31.
In its earlier years, the event was run on various dates in the summer; in 2010, it was moved to March. The 2010 race had a field of 14,821 registered runners and 11,604 finishers. Mary Wittenberg, president of the NYRR, said in 2010 that she expects a possible growth of over 20,000 participants in future years.
Winners.
Key: 

</doc>
<doc id="21472509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472509" title="Factor market (economics)">
Factor market (economics)

In economics a factor market refers to markets where services of the factors of production (not the actual factors of production) are bought and sold such as the labor markets, the capital market, the market for raw materials, and the market for management or entrepreneurial resources.
Firms buy productive resources in return for making factor payments at factor prices. The interaction between product and factor markets involves the principle of derived demand. Derived demand refers to the demand for productive resources, which is derived from the demand for final goods and services or output. For example, if consumers demand for new cars rose, producers will respond by increasing their demand for the productive inputs or resources used to produce new cars.
Production is the transformation of inputs into final products. Firms obtain the inputs or factors of production in the factors markets. The goods are sold in the products markets. In most respects these markets are the same. Price is determined by the interaction of supply and demand, firm's attempt to maximize profits, factors can influence and change the equilibrium price and quantities bought and sold and the laws of supply and demand hold. 
Market price and can "purchase" as many inputs as they need at the market rate. Because labor is the most important factor of production this article will focus on the competitive labor market, although the analysis applies to all competitive factor markets.
The use of factor markets for the allocation of the factors of production, particularly for capital goods, is one of the defining characteristics of a market economy. Traditional models of socialism were often designated by the substitution of factor markets with some form of economic planning.
Competitive factors markets.
Assume the structure of both the product and factor markets are perfectly competitive. In both markets firms are price takers. The price is set at the market level through the interaction of supply and demand. The firms can sell as much of the product they want at the set price since they are price takers.
Resource demand.
The buyers in the factors markets are the firms that produce the final goods for the products markets. Each firm must decide how much labor to hire to maximize its profits. The decision is made through marginal analysis. The firm will hire a worker if the marginal benefits exceed the marginal costs. The marginal benefit is the marginal revenue product of labor or MRPL. The MRPL is the MPL times marginal revenue or in a perfectly competitive market structure simply the MPL times price. The marginal revenue product of labor is the "amount of which manager can sell the extra output adding an additional worker". The marginal costs is the wage rate. The firm will continue to hire additional units of labor as long as MRPL > wage rate and will stop at the point that MRPL = the wage rate. Following this rule the firm is maximizing profits since MRPL = MCL is equivalent to the profit maximization rule of MR = MC.
Determinants of resource demand.
The demand for inputs is a derived demand. That is the demand is determined by or originates from the demand for the product the inputs are used to produce. 
The labor market demand curve is the MRPL curve. The curve shows the relationship between the quantity demanded and the wage rate holding the marginal product of labor and the output price constant. The units of labor are on the horizontal axis and the price of labor, w (the wage rate) on the vertical axis. The price of labor and the quantity of labor demanded are inversely related. If the price of labor goes up the quantity of labor demanded goes down. This change is reflected in a movement along the demand curve. The curve will shift if either of its components MPL or MR change. Factors that can affect a shift of the curve are changes in (1) the price of the final product or output price '(2) the productivity of the resource (3) the number of buyers of the resource and (4) the price of related resources. 
Price elasticity of resource demand (PERD).
As with the product market a manager must not only know the direction of a change in demand but the magnitude of the change. That is the manager must know how much to alter a resource’s use if its price changes.
Determinants of PERD.
The price elasticity of resource demand is the percentage change in the demand for a resource in response to a 1% change in the price of the resource. PERD for a resource depends on:
Resource supply.
Resources are supplied to the market by resource owners. The market supply curve is the summation of individual supply curve. The resource supply curve is similar to the products supply curve. The market supply curve is the summation of individual supply curves and is upward sloping. It shows the relationship between the resource price and the quantity of the resource sellers resource providers are willing to sell and able to sell. 
Factors that will cause a shift in the factor supply curve include changes in tastes, number of suppliers and the prices of related resources.
Price elasticity of resource supply.
The price elasticity of resource supply PERS equals the percentage change in the quantity of resource supplied induced by a percent change in price of the resource.
Monopolist factor demand.
If the producer of a good is a monopoly the factor demand curve is also the MRPL curve. The curve is downward sloping because both the marginal product of labor and marginal revenue fall as output increases. WIth a competitive firm marginal revenue is constant and the downward slope is due to the decreasing marginal product of labor. Therefore, the MRPL curve for a monopoly lies below the MRPL for a competitive firm. The implications are that a monopoly or any firm operating under imperfect market conditions will produce less and hire less labor than a perfectly competitive firm at a given price.

</doc>
<doc id="21472529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472529" title="Harold D. Langley">
Harold D. Langley

Harold David Langley (born 15 February 1925, in Amsterdam, New York) is an American diplomatic and naval historian who served as associate curator of naval history at the Smithsonian Institution from 1969. As a naval historian, he was a pioneer in exploring American naval social and medical history.
Early life and education.
The son of Walter Benedict Langley and Anna Mae McCaffrey, Harold Langley joined the U.S. Army at the age of eighteen and served from 1943 to 1946, receiving along with his unit the Army Meritorious Service Medal and the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal. Following his military service, he attended Catholic University of America, where he earned his A.B. in 1950. Going on for graduate work, he attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he earned his M.A. in 1951 and his Ph.D. in 1960 with a dissertation on "The Humanitarians and the United States Navy, 1798-1862."
Professional career.
Langley began his professional career at the Library of Congress, Manuscripts Division, in Washington, D.C., where he served as a manuscripts assistant in 1951-52, while a graduate student. Moving to the University of Pennsylvania Libraries in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was a graduate student, he served as a manuscripts specialist, rare book collection, 1952-54. Returning to the Library of Congress in Washington, he was a manuscripts specialist, there in 1954-55. In 1955, Marywood College in Scranton, Pennsylvania, appointed him assistant professor of history in 1955. He remained there until 1957, when he received an appointment as a diplomatic historian in the U.S. Department of State. In 1964, Catholic University of America, appointed him associate professor in 1964-68 and was promoted to professor in 1968-71. In 1969, the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C., appointed him associate curator of naval history, 1969. While holding that position, he was also an adjunct professor of American history at the Catholic University of America from 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="21472553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472553" title="Hostile Environment">
Hostile Environment

Hostile Environment is the third solo album of rapper/emcee Rasco. It was his second and last album with Copasetik Records. The album contains some familiar and new features, both lyrically and in terms of production. 

</doc>
<doc id="21472557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472557" title="Factor payments (economics)">
Factor payments (economics)

Payments made of scarce resources, or the factors of production in return for productive services. They are also categorized according to the services of the productive resources being rewarded. As wages are being paid for services of labor, interest is paid for the services of capital, rent is paid for the services provided by the land and profit is for the factor of payment to entrepreneurship.
An economy is dependent on the production of goods and services, hence factors of production are required for the production of goods and services. They are broadly divided in the three factors of production Land, Labor, Capital. Land is the primary factor of production. Labor is the specific factor of production and payment is made in the form of wage. Capital is regarded as secondary factor of production as it can be manipulated by economic activity. Payment received would in the form of interest. Later Entrepreneurship was added as the fourth factor of production. It earns profit to the Entrepreneur.
Factors of production are owned by households and they supply these factors of production to firms and in return earn wages, interest, rent and profit. Households buy goods and services with this money.
In economics, factor payments are the income people receive for supplying the factors of production: land, labor, or capital.
Circular Flow of National Income.
Let us study with the help of Circular flow of income how flow of goods and services between household and firms are balanced by flow of factor payments made in exchange of them. Consider the circular flow of income in a two sector economy where there is no government, no capital market, and no foreign sector. Households own all the factors of production, that is land, labor, capital. These factors of production are sold to the firms to produce goods and services through factor markets. Firms make use of these resources and provide goods and services to the household through product markets. However the exchange of goods and services and factors of production takes place with the help of the financial flows that move in the reverse direction. As the households purchase goods and services from firms it is their consumption expenditure which in turn becomes income or profits for the firms. On the other hand when firms buy factors of production from the households they pay factor payments in the form of wages, rent, interest.
Factor Prices.
Distribution of national income is determined by factor payments(factor prices). Factor payments include rent, wage, interest and profit. The prices for factor of production depends upon demand and supply of that particular factor of production. Assume that the factors of production in the economy are fixed and hence the factor supply curve is vertical. Equilibrium of factor payments is determined by the intersection of the downward-sloping factor demand curve and the vertical supply curve. To understand the optimal factor payments we would determine through their respective markets i.e. the market clearing prices of the factors of production. There are three major factor of production Land, Labor, Capital.
To understand the optimal factor payments we would determine through their respective markets i.e. the market clearing prices of the factors of production. There are three major factor of production Land, Labor, Capital.
The Labor Market.
As we know that the firm will hire only optimal amount of labor that will maximize profit, this optimal quantity of labor depends upon the marginal product of labor(MPL). The marginal product of labor is defined as the extra unit of output that the firm produces from hiring one extra unit of labor.
The above equation states that Marginal Product of labor is the difference of output produced from one extra unit of labor and the output produced from original quantity of labor.This production function has the function of diminishing marginal product which means that the marginal product of labor decreases as the amount of labor increases,and as the amount of labor increases the production function becomes flatter i.e. diminishing marginal product.
The optimal wages for Labor.
The demand for labor is dependent on the theory of marginal product of labor. Which means that the firm compares the extra revenue earned from increased production that results from the added labor which ultimately leads to the higher spending on wages.let us understand with the following example
Let formula_1 denote wages rate that the labor receives.formula_2"s" denote the hours of labor services that household supplies to labor market.Thus the households receives formula_3"s"amount of income from providing labor services.Now let formula_2"d" denote the labor services that the firm demands from labor market.Thus the firm pays formula_3"d"amount of wage for providing labor services.Quantity produced in the economy will be given by formula_6"s" =formula_7"d". Thus the firm profit will be given by gross revenue less wage payments.
'"formula_8"s"-formula_3"d"=formula_10formula_7"d"-formula_3"d"
Now if we increase the labor input it has two effects first the output will increase by the marginal product of labor as extra hour of work is provided.Therefore the gross sales revenue will be given by formula_13 second the wage rate for the firm increases by formula_1 It is clear that in order to maximize profit firm will expand employment level up to the level where marginal product just equals wage rate.
formula_15
Now if we divide the above equation with general price level then we obtain
formula_16
here formula_17 is the real wage rate.At that point the contribution done by the last unit of labor will be just equal to output MPL.Thus we can conclude that the wages paid would we equal to Marginal Product of labor.
Theory of Interest.
In the classical theory supply and demand for capital determines the optimal interest rates. The rate of interest that is determined by the intersection of investment and saving is the price of investible resource (capital). The demand for capital is done by the entrepreneur for further investment and for the productive purpose. But the productivity of capital is dependent on the law of variable proportion. Which means as more and more of capital is employed the productivity from capital goes on decreasing. Therefore the entrepreneur will employ only capital up to that level where the rate of interest is equal to the Marginal productivity of capital(MPK).
formula_18
where MPK is the Marginal productivity of capital and R/P is real rental for capital. It shows that demand for capital is inversely related to rate of interest.There are many other factors which affect the demand for capital. On the other hand supply of capital is positively related to the rate of interest. As the rate of interest increases the savings increases and vice-versa. Thus the entrepreneur will employ the capital where MPK is equal to real price of capital.
The optimal rate of interest rate is determined by the intersection of demand and supply curves. If the rate of interest rises above the equilibrium interest rates the demand for the investment will decline and the supply of savings will increase. As there is excess of savings than demand in the economy the market forces will bring the interest rate to the original interest rates.Now, if the interest rates fall below the optimal level then the there is excess of demand than supply in the economy and hence, the market forces will adjust the interest rates.
Theory of Rent.
This theory was first developed by the great economist David Ricardo it was called The ricardian theory of rent. Ricardo defined rent as that portion of produced of the earth which is paid to the landlord for the use of the original and indestructible powers of the soil. However later on the modern theory of rent was developed by the modern economists. The main difference between the Ricardian theory and this theory was that, ricardian theory used the difference between surplus enjoyed from superior land to the inferior land. In the modern theory the rent was determined by the demand and supply forces in the market like the other factors of production.Demand for land means total land demanded by the economy as a whole.Demand for land like others depends upon the marginal revenue productivity. Rent paid by the economy will be equal to the marginal revenue productivity which is also subject to law of diminishing returns. this suggests that the demand curve like any other demand curve will be downward sloping.It shows that the demand for land and rent are negatively related. On the other hand supply of land for an economy is fixed that is it is perfectly inelastic.
Theory of profit.
Profit is the another important factor in factor payments.
This theory was first developed by Edgeworth, Chapman, Stigler,Stonier. This theory is also depended upon the marginal revenue productivity.
It is also called "Marginal Product and Capital demand.Let us consider example, The main objective of firm is to maximize profit. As we know that profit would be difference between the revenue and costsformula_19.Where the revenue would be equal to the price of the good multiplied by the output of the firmformula_20. On the other hand the costs of the firm include labor costsformula_21, capital costsformula_22,rent cost if any.Now if we substitute our production functionformula_23. Then we would see that the profit of the firm is depended on factor prices and factor inputs"'. 
formula_24.Hence firm would choose the that optimal level of factor inputs that would maximize profit of the firm.
See also.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factors_of_production

</doc>
<doc id="21472563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472563" title="Count of Rennes">
Count of Rennes

The Count of Rennes was originally the ruler of the Romano-Frankish "civitas" of Rennes. From the middle of the ninth century these counts were Bretons with close ties to the Duchy of Brittany, which they often vied to rule. From 990 the Counts of Rennes were usually Dukes of Brittany. In 1203 the county was integrated into the ducal demesne. 
The County of Rennes was merged permanently into the Ducal crown of Brittany, and subsequently the crown of France, through Constance's descendants

</doc>
<doc id="21472574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472574" title="John Coughlin (police officer)">
John Coughlin (police officer)

John D. Coughlin (July 2, 1874-September 30, 1951) was an American law enforcement officer, detective and police inspector in the New York City Police Department. He served as head of the NYPD detectives division from 1920 until 1928 when he was removed from office amid charges of police laxity following the murder of underworld figure Arnold Rothstein. 
Biography.
John Coughlin was born on July 2, 1874. In September 1896, while Theodore Roosevelt was still head of the Board of Police Commissioners, he joined the New York City Police Department as a patrolman. He spent 11 years in the Tenderloin district, where he earned a reputation as a courageous and highly skilled officer, before being made acting captain and took change of the combined detective commands in Brooklyn and Queens. He was eventually responsible for the capture of the notorious bank robber Frank Hamby who was later convicted and sent to the electric chair. 
On December 30, 1909, while stationed in Chinatown, then Sergeant Coughlin and two partolman were ordered to keep Chinese comedian Ah Hoon under protective custody. Ah Hoon, a member of the On Leong Tong, had been threatened by the rival Hip Sings and Four Brothers for his refusal to ridicule the tong's during his performances. Coughlin and the other two officers accompanied Ah Hoon to the Chinese Theater where they sat on stage throughout Ah Hoon's act and then escorted the comedian through an underground passageway back to his home in Chatham Square. Despite their precautions, Ah Hoon was found dead in his room the following morning becoming the first victim to fall during of the Tong wars. 
The early years of Prohibition brought a number of problems for law enforcement agencies throughout the country, these issues first becoming evident in the NYPD, and which would affect Coughlin's tenure upon his appointment as head of the NYPD detectives division by Police Commissioner Richard Edward Enright in September 1920. It was hoped that his appointment would restore the public's confidence after the failure of the police to solve a string of high-profile murders, most notably, the unsolved murder of New York playboy Joseph B. Elwell. 
When Arnold Rothstein was shot and killed in the Park Central Hotel on November 4, 1928, Coughlin and his detectives were unable to find any suspects in the Broadway area who might have had a motive to kill Rothstein. The investigation stalled and charges of police laxity and indifference were made by the press. The implications, then compared to the police complicity in the 1912 murder of Herman Rosenthal, created such a scandal that then Police Commissioner Joseph Warren, a former law partner of Mayor James J. Walker, resigned due to ill heath. 
His successor, Grover A. Whalen, immediately began investigations accusing a number of senior police officials of police inaction in regards to the Rothstein murder. Half a dozen officers would become victims of Whalen's actions. Coughlin and Chief Inspector William J. Lahey, then head of the uniformed force, were both removed from their commands on December 19 and eventually forced into retirement. Coughlin publicly defended his conduct during the murder investigation and pointed out that Commissioner Whalen was never able make any more progress then he did, with the case remaining unsolved. 
Coughlin was later hired as chief investigator for the Johns-Manville Corporation and held the post until 1949. He died at his Lexington Avenue home after a long illness on the morning of September 30, 1951, survived by his nephew and only living relative William Poling. 

</doc>
<doc id="21472581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472581" title="Tristan Clovis">
Tristan Clovis

Tristan Clovis (born August 25, 1982) is a Canadian football safety who is currently a free agent. He played CIS Football at McMaster.

</doc>
<doc id="21472583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472583" title="Cabell County Courthouse">
Cabell County Courthouse

The Cabell County Courthouse in Huntington, West Virginia was built in the Beaux-Arts Classical style in 1899. Originally designed by Gunn and Curtis of Kansas City, and has been expanded in several phases. The construction of the courthouse was supervised by local Huntington architect James B. Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="21472590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472590" title="George Samuel Dougherty">
George Samuel Dougherty

George Samuel Dougherty (April 5, 1865 – July 16, 1931) was an American law enforcement officer, detective and writer. He was considered one of the leading detectives in the United States, first for the Pinkerton Detective Agency and then as a private investigator, and was responsible for the capture of many notorious criminals during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
While serving as Second Deputy Police Commissioner and head of the NYPD Detectives Bureau, he is credited for his assistance in solving the 1912 murder of Herman Rosenthal which ultimately resulted in the conviction and execution of the Lenox Avenue Gang and NYPD police detective Lieutenant Charles Becker. He also introduced the modern-day fingerprinting to the police force.
Biography.
Early life and career with the Pinkertons.
Born to Charles A. Dougherty and Ellen June in Cressona, Pennsylvania on April 5, 1865, George Dougherty worked as a printer before joining the Pinkerton Detective Agency in 1888. Dougherty soon established himself as one of the agency's top men and apprehended countless criminals during his twenty-three years with the Pinkertons. He eventually took charge of the Pinkerton's branch in New York City and held that position until accepting an offer from Mayor William Jay Gaynor to become Deputy Police Commissioner of the New York City Police Department on May 1, 1911.
NYPD & the Rosenthal murder.
Succeeding William J. Flynn, Dougherty reported directly to Police Commissioner James C. Cropsey who would later become a Supreme Court Justice. He would have a stormy relationship during his two and a half years with the NYPD however. A strict disciplinarian, he exerted considerable control over his men and was responsible for "shaking up" the bureau on several occasions. He also led raids on a number of illegal gambling establishment and, in one incident, used axes to force their way in.
When Herman Rosenthal was gunned down in front of the Hotel Metropole on July 16, 1912, then District Attorney Charles S. Whitman accused the police department of making little effort to apprehend the gunmen. One of the few exceptions, according to Whitman, was the assistance given by Dougherty who had been personally cooperating with the District Attorney's office and was praised for his honesty. Prior to leaving the police force, Dougherty led a detective squad which apprehended over a hundred gangsters within a 24-hour period in the aftermath of a gunbattle in which city court clerk Frederick Strauss had been shot and killed.
Later years.
In 1913, Dougherty left the NYPD to become a partner in "Dougherty's Detective Bureau and Mercantile Police" founded by his brother Harry V. Dougherty around the turn of the 20th century. He began writing books and articles on crime and, in 1914, appeared in two silent films "Our Mutual Girl" and "The Line-Up at Police Headquarters". Through successful investments in oil lands, Dougherty became wealthy and spent the next several years traveling abroad. He also executed a commission to sell an art collection valued at $1 million.
In 1923, he returned to the police force in a somewhat limited capacity when he agreed to become an instructor at Police Commissioner Richard Edward Enright's school for detectives. Much of his time at the school was concentrated on the study of foreign police systems. In his later years, he advocated the deportation of immigrants convicted of a criminal offense, the elimination of the revolver through federal legislation, a bounty payment to killers of hold-up men and the restoration of the whipping post as punishment for first-time offenders.
Death.
Dougherty died of cancer at his 165th Street residence in Flushing, Queens on the evening of July 16, 1931. He was survived by his widow, his brothers Harry and Arthur Dougherty and his niece Eleanor, all of whom were at his bedside at the time of his death. His funeral was held at his home two days later and then buried at Cypress Hills Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21472607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472607" title="Richard Enright">
Richard Enright

Richard Edward Enright (August 30, 1871 – September 4, 1953) was an American law enforcement officer, detective, crime writer and served as NYPD Police Commissioner from 1918 until 1925. He was the first man to rise from the rank-and-file to assume command of the NYPD and, until the appointment of Lewis Joseph Valentine, he was the longest serving commissioner.
Although his eight-year tenure as commissioner received heavy criticism at the time of his resignation, mostly as the result of controversial actions of then Mayor John F. Hylan, his accomplishments and successes were eventually recognized as valued contributions during his near 30-year service on the police force.
Biography.
Early life and police career.
Richard Enright was born in Campbell, New York on August 30, 1871. He worked as a telegraph operator in Elmira and Queens before joining the New York City Police Department in 1896. He was described as being educated and very well-read, being able to recite poetry by heart, and was an avid student of art and history especially the life of Napoleon Bonaparte. A gifted and eloquent speaker, he became well liked by the men under his command.
He slowly rose through the ranks to police lieutenant and, although a public unknown, he was highly popular on the force as a champion for the rank-and-file officers while president of the Police Lieutenants' Benevolent Association. His popularity and pro-union views had a negative impact on his career however, most especially his criticism of the policies of the Mitchel administration, resulting in his being passed over for promotion to police captain three times "for the good of the service".
Rise to Police Commissioner.
A change in administrations enabled Enright to succeed Frederick H. Bugler as Police Commissioner, becoming the first police officer to be appointed from within the ranks. Bugler had incurred the wrath of Mayor John Hylan for his resisting the mayor in his attempts to interfere with the police department by refusing to take "guidance". Enright proved to be more open to Mayor Hylan and was officially appointed commissioner on January 23, 1918. As time went on however, even Enright would reach his limits as the mayor continued in his efforts to control the police force.
As a result of Hylan's meddling, Enright became the scapegoat for the mayor's controversial decisions. One of the most serious criticisms was the virtually forced retirement of noted detective Daniel Costigan|Daniel "Honest Dan" Costigan, then active in the Parkhurst vice investigations, who became the first of many old-time officers either transferred, demoted or forced into retirement. He was, however, able to effectively counter the manpower shortage and rising crime in the post-World War I period by creating old-style "strong-arm squads".
Enright specifically targeted illegal gambling establishments run by former U.S. Congressman and underworld figure "Honest" John Kelly and, during his first four years as police commissioner, assigned a uniformed patrolman to 24-hour watch outside Kelly's "Vendome Clun" on West 141st Street. Enright's continued harassment of Kelly's operations eventually forced him to sell the building to a Republican political organization.
Enright was also able to institute a number of reforms and was greatly able to improve working conditions for police officers while in office. He allowed a day off for officers after every six days on duty, oversaw the buildup of large police relief funds and improved the pension system. He also reduced the number of precincts for better management, set up a special police unit to handle vice and gambling on a city-wide basis, reorganized the arrest-quota based merit system and established the first NYPD police camp at Tannersville, New York where ill or wounded officers could recover until they were able to return to duty. Other reforms he made included successfully petitioning the federal government to exempt police officers from being drafted, established the Missing Persons Bureau as a 24-hour service, and increased the number of policewomen on the force. He would, however, encounter heavy resistance in attempting to rid the department of corrupt and inefficient officers.
The International Police Conference was developed by Enright in order to promote greater international cooperation among the world's police forces. He also advocated universal fingerprinting registration, not only for crime prevention but to resolve any kind of identity question, as well as convicted criminals being required to pay damages to both the victim and police with money earned while in prison.
Prohibition, scandal and retirement.
During the early years of Prohibition, the police force came under fire for widespread corruption and its ineffectiveness in the enforcement of the Volstead Act and the rising violence from the "Bootleg Wars". In 1921, a grand jury and Legislative investigation committee looked into the department's activities regarding graft and police corruption. Partially as a result of their findings, Enright's resignation was demanded by the Citizens Union and several newspapers. The next year, Enright issued libel suits against an assemblyman and city magistrate based on correspondence charging police bootleg grafting. Though he lost in both cases, he did receive an apology from the two men.
Enright addressed the issue of Prohibition enforcement noting his embarrassment over the recent "crime waves". In 1924, Enright attempted to press charges against thirteen inspectors, a number of deputy inspectors and police captains for failing to enforce the Volstead Act, but was never able to establish his cases. In frustration, he resigned from the police force on December 30, 1925, the day before his term in office was to expire, presumably to become eligible for a police pension which he later received. At the time of his retirement, it was acknowledged that Enright had brought "a fair amount of professional knowledge and efficiency" during his time as commissioner.
He had a brief, but successful career as a crime writer the year following his departure from the police force. He had previously written a detective story, "Inside the Net", while still in office and which was adapted to a motion picture in 1924. His first book, "Vultures of the Dark", was published a year later and met with some commercial success. His second novel, "The Borrowed Shield", failed to achieve the same success and Enright retired from writing soon after. His published a police manual that same year entitled "Syllabus and Instruction Guide of the Police Academy".
Later years.
In the years following his retirement, he served as a colonel in the Army Reserves, briefly published a pulp magazine and had an interest in automatic alarm signals for stores and businesses. In 1933, Enright was employed by the federal government during the Great Depression to set up an enforcement division for the National Recovery Administration. He also became the director of the United Service Detective Bureau, a position he held until his death. In 1947, he petitioned the Police Pension Fund to increase his pension from $3,750 to $6,000 but was rejected.
On the evening of September 3, 1953, the 82-year-old Enright suffered a serious spinal injury when he fell at the Clocks Boulevard home of a female friend, Mrs. Mary D. Beal, in Massapequa, Long Island. He was taken to Meadowbrook Hospital where he died of his injuries the following day. Enright was survived by his brother Patrick Enright and five nephews.

</doc>
<doc id="21472621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472621" title="John H. McCullagh">
John H. McCullagh

John H. McCullagh (1842 – March 6, 1893) was an American law enforcement officer and police captain in the New York City Police Department. Popularly known as "Farmer John", he was a protégé of Captains Jeremiah Petty and George W. Walling and battled such notorious gangs and river pirates such as the Tub of Blood Bunch, the Battle Row and Hell's Kitchen Gangs. He especially confronting the latter gang when their leaders Ike Marsh and Dutch Heinrichs began raiding the Hudson River Railroad yards and express trains. McCullagh is also credited for the breakup of Shang Draper's criminal organization in the early 1880s.
Biography.
Born in County Tyrone, Ireland in 1842, John McCullagh emigrated to he United States as a child. He attended school at Irvington, New York and joined the New York City Police Department in 1864, less than a year following the New York Draft Riots. He was assigned to Captain Jeremiah Petty and then Captain George W. Walling during his early years on the police force, both men becoming mentors to the young rookie patrolman. While at Walling's Twentieth Precinct, he gained a reputation as a brave officer while posted in such notorious districts such as the Fourth Ward, Battle Row and Hell's Kitchen having notable successes against the gangs dominating those areas.
McCullagh was attacked Dutch Heinrichs and two of his henchmen in Hell's Kitchen while investigating the theft of two hogsheads of ham from a Hudson River Railroad freight car. He battled the three men for over a half an hour before knocking all three unconscious with his nightstick and bringing in the gangsters single-handed to a nearby precinct on West Twenty-Fifth Street. Heinrichs was eventually convicted of assault and sent to prison where he was later committed to an insane asylum.
He also made enemies while on the force. In particular was his assault by ex-police officer James G. Taylor who had previously been dismissed from the police force due to an official complaint made by McCullagh. Taylor attempted to murder McCullagh, ambushing him one night on Ninth Avenue with a pistol, but the roundsman escaped with a minor head wound and a marked ear. Taylor was eventually tried and convicted by then District Attorney A. Oakey Hall and imprisoned in Sing Sing. Oakey later served as McCullagh's council when he was accused of "improperly influencing keepers of resorts", however these charges were tried and dismissed at NYPD Headquarters.
McCullagh was promoted to sergeant in 1866 and, present during the New York Orange Riot of 1871, he was shot in the leg and became one of the many beneficiaries of the Riot Relief Fund. He also made many close and influential friends while doing service at the Grand Central Station. A member of the New York Republican Party and the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, he was a personal friend of Reverend Dr. John Hall.
McCullagh was made a police captain in 1872 and was assigned command of the Seventeenth Precinct, later renamed the Fourteenth Precinct, and was responsible for breaking up Shang Draper's criminal operations during the 1880s. He was eventually transferred to the Twenty-First Precinct following the "shake up" of 1892.
In early 1893, McCullagh began complaining of rheumatism and, on February 27, he suddenly fell extremely ill while at the station house. He declined to go home as his wife was away at Irvington-on-the-Hudson and was confined to bed in his room at the precinct. The doctor found that McCullagh was suffering from sore throat and rheumatism. By the time his wife arrived, McCullagh could not be moved and was made as comfortable as possible in his official office quarters. He remained bedridden for over a week until March 6 when he his condition unexpectedly worsened and a tracheotomy was performed by police surgeon William F. Fluhrer. This brought only a momentary respite as McCullagh suffered a relapse and died shortly after the operation. His nephew John, also a police captain, was with him at the time of his death, however his wife had gone back to Irvington in the meantime. He was survived by his widow, two sons and an adopted daughter.
Upon news of his death, senior police officials gathered at the precinct to pay their respects and console the family. Inspector Alexander S. Williams and Captains George Washburn, Anthony J. Allaire, William Berghold and Thomas Killiloa were appointed a committee so as to organize the funeral on behalf of the family. McCullagh's personal finances, which had always been a source of speculation and controversy throughout his career, amounted to about $115,000. McCullagh had maintained a much lower estimate between $65,000 and $70,000 which was supplanted with income from property in Irvington and tenement buildings in New York. One of his sons was a student at Yale University.

</doc>
<doc id="21472637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472637" title="Roger W. Smith">
Roger W. Smith

Roger W. Smith, born 1970 in Bolton, Lancashire, UK, resident in the Isle of Man, is an independent watchmaker. Smith was a Bronze Medallist of the British Horological Institute (awarded to the most outstanding graduating student of any given year).
Biography.
Born in Bolton near Manchester in 1970 Roger Smith grew up with little interest in academic pursuits, but having a talent for the practical. On reaching the age of 16, his father suggested enrolling on a course at the local Manchester School of Horology. Subsequently, he passed out top of his class, winning the British Horological Institute’s Bronze medal awarded for the highest overall mark of the year. During his time on the course George Daniels (1926–2011), a man who is widely regarded as the greatest horologist of his time, was a visiting speaker, and from that moment Roger knew that he wanted to make watches by hand.
Smith became interested in making watches by hand, using Daniel’s book ‘Watchmaking’ he set about making his first pocket watch in his spare time. Two years later, aged 22, Roger took the watch to Daniels, who told him to go back and start again because it looked ‘handmade’, not ‘created’. Not deterred by this response, Smith returned to his workshopstudio, and spent the next 5 years making and remaking, his second pocket watch, until he had perfected all the thirty-two skills required to design and make a watch in "The Daniels Method". Finally happy with the watch, he took the watch back to Daniels, and this time obtained his approval.
Shortly afterwards, Daniels invited Roger to move to the Isle of Man and work with him on the ‘Daniels Millennium’ series. On completion of the series, three years later, Smith set up his own studio on the Isle of Man. He produced his ‘Series 1’, a series of 9 rectangular cased watches fitted with a retrograde calendar complication built over a period of 3 years. His Series 2 was launched in February 2006.
In 2010, Smith formed what would become his final collaboration with Daniels, to produce a series of 35 wristwatches to commemorate the 35th Anniversary of Daniels’ invention of the Co-axial escapement, for which he was awarded a CBE in recognition of his services to horology.
The collection of watches is firmly in the Daniels style, as developed over a life-time’s work devoted to the further development of the mechanical time-keeper and the handmade watch. It is also the first Daniels production wristwatch to have been designed and made in its entirety on the Isle of Man. Launched by Daniels and Smith at Salon QP in 2010, it includes a development, conceived by Roger, to the original Co-axial design. Essentially this is through combining the upper and lower wheels into one, by adding raised teeth onto the lower wheel. This means that the co-axial escape wheel can now be made in one single operation, guaranteeing the concentricity of both sets of teeth with their pivot point. In addition, it also fixes the angular displacement between the two sets of teeth at the point of manufacture which removes potential set up errors.
In August 2011, Roger was awarded the Barrett Silver Medal of the British Horological Institute which is awarded for outstanding development or achievement in any field of horology. Roger was awarded the medal for ‘Dedication to and successfully continuing the finest traditions of English and British watchmaking’.
Daniels bequeathed his entire workshop to Smith, and he noted "George’s whole studio was geared towards the singular goal of one man being able to design and make a watch from start to finish”. Incorporated within the studio are Daniels’ Schaublin Lathes and Hauser Jig Borer, used to make vital high-precision parts for the watches, which combine with the hand engine-turning equipment, dating back to the 1820s.
“That, of course, is exactly the approach of the Roger W Smith Studio, but introducing the Daniels Watchmaker’s bench to the studio makes you fully appreciate its place in history. This was the focal point, the place where George’s watches were made. This is where the great man thought about his art and solved his problems. You get an incredible sense of what was achieved and to work on that bench is inspiring and daunting at the same time!”.
Smith lives with family on the Isle of Man. He is a liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Clockmakers.
Roger has featured in the following:
He has also filmed a series of mini-films for YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="21472642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472642" title="Awa-Kwaiker people">
Awa-Kwaiker people

The Awá (or Kwaiker) are an ancient indigenous people that inhabit the regions of northern Ecuador (provinces of Carchi and Sucumbios) and southern Colombia (particularly the departments of Nariño and Putumayo). Their entire population is around 32,555 members. They speak a language called Awapit.
Reserve.
The Awa Reserve was established in northwestern Ecuador in 1987. The reserve combines indigenous and forestry legislature, so that the Awa people could manage the forest and their own lands. This reserve is in the Chocoanos Forest within the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena region, one of the most biodiverse places on the planet. Unfortuately logging and mining interests are illegally active in the reserve.
Substistence.
The Awa traditionally hunt, gather, fish, and cultivate plants. Today, they also farm livestock, such as chickens, ducks, guinea pigs, and pigs.
They practice a form of agriculture called "slash and mulch," which involves clearing small parcels of land (about 1.25 to 5 acres) and leaving the fallen plants and trees to decay. Within days the vegetation turns to a layer of humus, favorable for planting. These parcels are cultivated for two or three seasons, then left fallow for periods of over seven years. They practice intercropping and grow many different varieties of manioc and plantains. They also grow corn, "Colocasia", "Xanthosoma", beans, sugarcane, hot peppers, chirimoya, tomato, tamarind, mango, achiote, borojo, naranjilla, papaya, inga, avocado, peach palm, and other useful plants. The trees outlive the annual plants and foster regrowth while the plots are left fallow.
Awa hunt games such as the Central American Agouti, paca, collared peccary, brocket deer, iguana, and several birds. Hunting is regulated on Awa land.
Organizations.
Their main organization is called UNIPA, which stands for Unity of Indigenous People Awa. Another internal organization is CAMAWARI. Their main leaders are called Governors. Awa actively participate in local politics since 1993 when they elected the first mayor of in the municipality of Ricaurte (Juan Legarda) and several municipal counsellors. Since that year Awa people has continued to play an important role in the politics of the department of Nariño.
Conflicts.
There were several mass murders of Awá in 2009, perpetrated by members of both Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) and the Colombian army.
On 11 February 2009, ten Awa members were killed by FARC guerrillas, who had accused them of working as informers for the Colombian army.
On 4 February seventeen Awá were killed, reportedly by the FARC. Then in August, twelve Awá (including four children), all thought to belong to a single family – were killed in the Indigenous reservation of Gran Rosario, reportedly by the Colombian Army.

</doc>
<doc id="21472645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472645" title="Kevin Scott (Canadian football)">
Kevin Scott (Canadian football)

Kevin Scott (born July 17, 1983 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian football long snapper and linebacker for the Ottawa RedBlacks of the Canadian Football League. He was originally signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played CIS Football at Queen's.

</doc>
<doc id="21472646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472646" title="1928 New York Yankees (NFL) season">
1928 New York Yankees (NFL) season

The 1928 New York Yankees season was their second and final in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 7–8–1, winning only four games. They finished seventh in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21472670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472670" title="Dominick Basso">
Dominick Basso

Dominick Basso (February 15, 1938 – March 25, 2001), sometimes shown incorrectly as Dominic Basso, was a mobster in the Chicago Outfit and a high-ranking bookmaker who was convicted in 1988 for syndicated gambling. Basso most notably was linked to baseball star Pete Rose in a scandal as having been a bookie through whom Rose had placed bets on major-league baseball.
Early life.
Basso served in the United States Navy.
Career in Chicago Outfit.
Basso was arrested in January 1988 after being suspected of being an overseer of the Chicago Outfit's betting operations in DuPage County, Illinois and Chicago's northwest suburbs. In December 1988, Basso was convicted in Chicago of syndicate gambling and conspiracy to commit gambling and later was sentenced to 20 months of probation and 70 days of work release. At the time of Basso's arrest, betting slips showed that his clients often wagered large sums on baseball, football, basketball, and horse racing events. Authorities had seized $225,000 in betting slips, Basso's 1988 Lincoln Town Car, his cell telephone and $8,700 in cash, according to a news account.
Basso had been reported by the Chicago Sun-Times to have operated a cleaning store to conceal his real occupation as the head of crime syndicate bosses who had controlled the Midwest's sports betting.
In January 1991, the Chicago Crime Commission publicly identified Basso in a report titled "Organized Crime in Chicago 1990". Basso was identified in 1989 as having worked for mob chieftains Ernest Rocco Infelise, Donald Angelini, Dominic Cortina and Salvatore DeLaurentis.
Pete Rose gambling scandal.
In 1989, baseball manager and retired baseball star Pete Rose was accused of having placed bets on major-league baseball games. Investigator John M. Dowd discovered six telephone calls that Rose had made to Basso's home and his bookmaking wire room over a period of several years in the late 1980s. Dowd's aides told the Internal Revenue Service that Rose had placed bets with Basso believed to be more than $2,000 each on a variety of sporting events. The Chicago Sun-Times reported at the time that Rose had made calls listed to telephones in various locations where Basso operated sports betting operations.
Rose famously denied knowing Basso at his farewell news conference on August 25, 1989, after he agreed to permanent ineligibility from baseball because of allegations that he had gambled on baseball games while playing for and managing the Cincinnati Reds (in 2004, after years of public denial, Rose admitted to betting on baseball and on, but not against, the Reds). "I don't know no Mr. Basso," Rose told reporters in August 1989. "Sounds like he should be from Chicago, though."
Death.
Basso died on March 25, 2001.
Personal.
Basso lived in Barrington Hills, Illinois from at least the 1980s until 1999.
Upon his death, Basso was survived by his wife, Diane.
Basso's son,Jimmy Basso, was sentenced in 1999 to 1½ years in prison and fined $27,000 by United States District Judge Robert C. Broomfield for his role in a point-shaving scandal involving Arizona State University basketball. Jimmy Basso reaped $27,000 from betting on a basketball game between Arizona State and the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="21472681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472681" title="Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party">
Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party

The Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party was a short-lived organized factional grouping in the Socialist Party of America established in 1934 by its New York-based "Old Guard" faction. The Committee was initially organized to fight for the defeat of the Declaration of Principles adopted by the 1934 National Convention in the referendum for its ratification taken by mail vote of party members. After the Declaration of Principles was passed, the Committee served as the organizational core of the Social Democratic Federation of America, a rival social democratic organization to the Socialist Party established in 1936.
History.
"The Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party" was formed immediately following the conclusion of the 1934 Detroit Convention of the Socialist Party, held from June 1 to 3, 1934. At this gathering a resounding victory was won by the party's so-called "Militant" faction, composed for the most part of young revolutionary socialists, working in conjunction with the group of radical pacifists surrounding Norman Thomas. Deeply troubled by what they believed to be an official call for direct action against the American government in time of war explicit in the Declaration of Principles passed by the convention, the New York-based Old Guard faction returned home to work for the defeat of the Declaration in the forthcoming referendum vote.
A first pamphlet was published called "Detroit and the Party," written by former New York State Assemblyman Charles Solomon. The name of the committee was at this time designated as the "Committee for the Preservation of Socialist Policies," changed shortly thereafter to the more familiar "Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party." In this pamphlet, Solomon decried the Detroit Declaration of Principles as "reckless," observing pointedly that "furious phrases cannot take the place of organized mass power." Solomon noted that over "the past three or four years" there had arisen "certain definite groups" in the ranks of the Socialist Party. He continued:
"The Declaration does not stand by itself, in a vacuum, as it were. Important as it is, it does not alone account for the vital struggle that is now being waged in the party. It represents the culminating point of a deep seated antagonism. It is like the straw that breaks or threatens to break the camel's back.
"The Declaration of Principles has brought to the surface divergences which are deep, antagonisms which make of our party not a coherent political organization working harmoniously for a common objective but a battle ground of internecine strife."
Solomon charged that the "so-called 'left'" was "making its position clear" with the Declaration of Principles. "There was no mistaking the flag it had unfurled," he declared, "It was the banner of thinly veiled communism." While he declared that "the Declaration of Principles must be decisively rejected in the referendum," he nevertheless strongly hinted that a factional split was in the offing. Merely defeating the proposed Declaration of Principles was "not enough," he concluded, "The Socialist Party must be made safe for Socialism, for social democracy."
This first pamphlet was followed by another, entitled "The Crisis in the Socialist Party: The Detroit Convention: Appeal by the Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party." This latter document declared that throughout its 30 year history the Socialist Party had "proclaimed to the nation its purpose to bring about fundamental and radical changes in our poltiical and social structure by an appeal to the intelligence of the working class, relying on the orederly processes, which we, in the United States, have succeeded in establishing for ascertaining the will of the people." It continued:
"Whenever a faction rose to swerve us from those methods of education and propaganda, and to commit us to the adoption of direct action and insurrectionary methods, as in the case of the IWW and later the Communists, the Socialist Party remained true to its principles, its ideals, and its mission, preferring to part company with those to whom our Socialist position seemed untenable rather than depart from the course it had marked out for itself as an American political party... We could not at one and the same time declare that we place our faith in the democratic processes and in convincing the masses of the soundness of our doctrines, and then proceed to achieve by force and violence the changes we advocate."
The committee objected to the language of the Declaration of Principles in reducing the American system to "the bogus democracy of capitalist parliamentarism" and its advocacy of "massed war resistance," as well as its profession of willingness to "seize power, whether the majority is willing or not" in the event of the collapse of capitalism. This ultra-revolutionary verbiage would only serve to alienate organized labor from the Socialist Party and bring about government repression, the committee contended.
The Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party in 1934 named a "Provisional Executive Committee" consisting of George E. Roewer of Massachusetts, Jasper McLevy of Connecticut, James Maurer of Pennsylvania, Emma Henry of Indiana, John C. Packard of California, George H. Goebel of New Jersey, as well as Algernon Lee, Louis Waldman, and Alexander Kahn of New York. Executive Secretary was Louis Hendin, with M. Gillis the Assistant Secretary and Edward Cassidy the Treasurer. The Committee maintained its office at 1 Union Square, Room 706, New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21472683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472683" title="Federal Advisory Council">
Federal Advisory Council

The Federal advisory council or (FAC) is a body composed of representatives chosen by each of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks that "consults with and advises the Board on all matters within the Board's jurisdiction." 

</doc>
<doc id="21472689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472689" title="H&amp;H Restaurant">
H&amp;H Restaurant

H&H restaurant specializes in southern comfort food and soul food restaurant located on Forsyth Street in downtown Macon, Georgia. It was opened in 1959 by Inez Hill, also known as “Mama Hill”. It is co-owned by Louise Hudson ("Mama Louise").
H&H is a Macon attraction made famous by The Allman Brothers Band. The Molly Hatchet Band and the Wet Willie Band were also regular attendees of the H&H. It has also been the meeting place for civil rights activists, the NAACP and Georgia state presidents and officers.
Menu.
H&H is a soul food restaurant with a "meat and three” menu. There is an assortment of meats such as roast beef, fried chicken, smothered chicken, fried pork chops, stew beef, baked ham, Bar-B-Q Ribs, and fried fish on the menu. Each day has a different choice of vegetables. Monday’s there are collards, macaroni and cheese, lima beans, okra, rice, and squash. Tuesday offers collards, corn, boiled okra, rice, snap beans, and black-eyed peas. Wednesday is a combination of collards, lima beans, rice, okra, and squash. On Thursday’s collards, corn boiled okra, rice, snap beans, and black-eyed peas are on the menu. Okra, collards, squash, rice and gravy, macaroni and cheese, and lima beans are on the menu for Friday, and Saturday; collards, corn, boiled okra, rice, snap beans, and black-eyed peas. Their dessert menu consists of peach cobbler, apple cobbler, sweet potato pie, and bread pudding.
History.
“Mama Hill” was born on October 13, 1913, in Warrenton, Georgia. She moved to Macon in 1950, when her husband began to work at Robins Air Force Base. In 1959 Inez Hill opened H&H Restaurant with her goddaughter and cousin Louise Hudson. The first location of the restaurant was at Hayes and Third Street, then moved to Cotton Avenue before finally settling at 807 Forsyth Street. The Dining room walls of H&H are covered with memorabilia and posters of The Allman Brothers Band, as well as one of the awards from their Filmore East album. The Allman Brothers Band recorded at the Capricorn records. The struggling musicians put their money together one day to share a two meals at H&H one afternoon. Mama Louise felt sorry for the hungry musicians and brought them their own individual meals and told them to pay her when they had the money. This was the beginning of their friendship; they always knew they could count of Mama Louise when times were hard. After the band became famous, they invited Mama Louise on tour with them in 1972 to California to fix their meals, however she never cooked a single thing.
Oprah at H&H.
In November 2007, Oprah Winfrey came to Macon to record an episode of her television Show Oprah's Favorite Things. While in Macon, she stopped by H&H and met Mama Louise and Mama Inez. When she arrived she was surrounded by security guards and fans. She made her way through the back door of the restaurant and into the dining area. She talked with Mama Louise and Mama Inez and signed autographs and took picture with fans before leaving.
Mama Louise’s birthday party.
On July 8, 2007, hundreds of people gathered together to celebrate Mama Louise’s Birthday at the Macon Armory Ballroom. Gregg Allman took stage and shared many stories of times the band shared at the H&H restaurant and on tour with Mama Louise. Next, American politician Jim Marshall delivered a proclamation from Washington, D.C. honoring Mama Louise as "Lady Mama Louise". Vergil Watkins, from the Mayor’s office, stated that July 26 was "Mama Louise Day" in Macon. She was also given a brick that was to be placed in the Georgia Music Hall of Fame walkway, declaring Mama Louise the Mother of Southern Rock. A slide show was shown composed of pictures of Mama Louise with The Allman Brothers Band and other famous people that had visited the H&H as well as a video of people wishing her a happy birthday. To conclude the evening Johnny Sandlin, Paul Hornsby, Billy Stewart, Tommy Talton, Lee Roy Parnell, Ronnie Bartlett, and Gregg Allman joined on stage to play “These Days”, “Midnight Rider”, which is Mama Louises favortie song, and “Melissa”.
Mama Hill's death.
On December 18, 2007, Inez “Mama” Hill died. She collapsed while working at the H&H and was taken to the Medical Center of Central Georgia in Macon where doctors determined she suffered a brain aneurysm. She lived to be the mother of seven, a grandmother of sixteen, a great-grandmother, and a great-great-grandmother. Her funeral service was in Macon, but closed to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="21472714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472714" title="Logie Award for Most Outstanding Drama Series">
Logie Award for Most Outstanding Drama Series

The Silver Logie for Most Outstanding Drama Series is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards. It was first awarded at the 33rd Annual TV Week Logie Awards in 1991, when the award was originally called Most Outstanding Single Drama or Miniseries. Over the years, it has also been known as Most Outstanding Series (1992–1993, 1998), Most Outstanding Achievement in Drama Production (1994–1997) and Most Outstanding Drama Series, Miniseries or Telemovie (2007–2012).
The award is given to recognise an outstanding Australian drama program. The winner and nominees of this award are chosen by television industry juries. "SeaChange", "The Secret Life of Us" and "Love My Way" hold the record for the most wins, with three each, followed by "Redfern Now" with two wins.

</doc>
<doc id="21472743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472743" title="Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans">
Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans

Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans. (26 December 1646 - 17 March 1696), known as Isabelle d'Orléans, was the Duchess of Alençon and, during her husband's lifetime, Duchess of Angoulême. She was a daughter of Gaston d'Orléans and a first cousin of Louis XIV of France. She has no descendants today. She was "suo jure" Duchess of Alençon and Angoulême.
Immediate family.
Élisabeth d'Orléans was born in Paris at the Luxembourg Palace, then called the "Palais d'Orléans", and now the seat of the Senate of France. The palace had been given to her father on the death of his mother, Marie de' Medici in 1642. Élisabeth was known by her first name, "Élisabeth", but she always signed "Isabelle". One of five children, she was not raised with her siblings but in a convent, because she was destined to become abbess of Remiremont and was styled as such.
Biography.
Known as "Mademoiselle d'Alençon" until her marriage, "Isabelle" (Élisabeth Marguerite) was acquainted with the young Louise Françoise de La Baume Le Blanc, who was to become duchesse de La Vallière, mistress of Louis XIV, and who grew up at Blois in the entourage of Isabelle's sister Marguerite Louise d'Orléans. It was assumed that Isabelle's older and more beautiful sister, Marguerite Louise, would marry Louis, and that Françoise Madeleine would marry another European prince. A possible match was one with Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy, who later married her younger sister on 4 March 1663.
Another possible husband was her cousin Henri Jules de Bourbon - the future "Prince de Condé" and "Prince du Sang". This was dropped as Henri Jules preferred the German Anne Henriette of Bavaria who was a granddaughter of the Queen of Bohemia.
The choice for Isabelle (who was humpbacked) fell upon a "foreign prince ("prince étranger") naturalized in France": Louis Joseph de Guise. The Duke of Guise was the titular head of the House of Guise, a cadet branch of the House of Lorraine of which Isabelle's mother was a member.
Isabelle and the Duke were married at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye on 15 May 1667 in the presence of the Court and the Princes of the Blood. Her husband, four years younger than she was, was not only under the legal control of his aunt and guardian, the "magnificent" and proud "Mademoiselle de Guise" (Marie de Lorraine de Guise), but in day-to-day protocol, he was treated by Isabelle as the social inferior that he was. From her marriage to her death, Isabelle d'Orléans was known to the French as "Madame de Guise". Her brief union with the Duke of Guise produced one child:
Isabelle's husband died in 1671, from smallpox contacted on his way back from a visit to the court of Charles II, King of England. Her son inherited his father's titles: "duc de Guise et de Joyeuse" and "prince de Joinville".
At the death of her mother in 1672, she moved into the Luxembourg Palace along with the little Francis Joseph. Still unable to walk unaided at age four, he was dropped by his nurse and died from a head injury in 1675. He died at the Luxembourg Palace.
After the death of her son, Isabelle (whom the French knew as "Madame de Guise") spent every summer in her duchy of Alençon and most winters at the royal court. When in Paris, she would stay at the Luxembourg Palace which had been ceded to her after her mother's death in 1672. (Haunted by her little son's death throes there, she found it difficult to stay very long at the Luxembourg.) In 1672 she created a private apartment for herself at the abbey of Saint Pierre de Montmartre, where she often saw Mlle de Guise and her sister, the abbess. After 1675, this little circle expanded when Isabelle's sister Marguerite Louise, Grand Duchess of Tuscany, left her husband, moved into an apartment within the abbey walls, and was kept under what amounted to house arrest. Always very devout, Isabelle commissioned religious pieces from Marc-Antoine Charpentier, the composer of Mlle de Guise. She also commissioned secular works (operas and pastorales) from him, some of which were performed at the royal court.
Isabelle was a fervent supporter of her cousin Louis XIV's policies to bring Huguenots back into the Catholic fold. As early as November 1676, when she supervised the conversion of a Protestant lady, Isabelle commissioned from Marc-Antoine Charpentier the first of a succession of oratorios that recounted how St. Cecilia had won over her bridegroom and his brother to Christianity. The probable author of the libretti was Philippe Goibaut, a protegé of the two Guise women. After the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes in October 1685, she created a house for "New Converts" in her duchy of Alençon and actively converted the local Huguenots.
In 1694, she gave the Luxembourg Palace to Louis XIV. She died in 1696 at the Palace of Versailles and was buried in the Great Carmel of Paris, among the nuns.
The fortune that she had accumulated was willed to her older and only surviving sibling, Marguerite Louise, "Grand Duchess of Tuscany".
Titles, styles, honours and arms.
Titles and styles.
Upon her son's death, she became the Duchess of Alençon and Angoulême in her own right. She kept her rank of Granddaughter of France during her marriage. This allowed her the style of HRH ("sa Altesse Royale").

</doc>
<doc id="21472753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472753" title="Edward T. McDougal">
Edward T. McDougal

Edward T. McDougal grew up in Winnetka, Illinois, and graduated from Colorado College in Colorado Springs. He is the son of C. Bouton McDougal, Vice President and General Counsel for R. R. Donnelley and former president of The Chicago Sunday Evening Club, a long-running religious radio (1922) and television (1955) broadcast program, which had guests such as Billy Graham, Madeleine L'Engle, Peter Marshall, Elisabeth Elliot, and Martin Luther King.
McDougal taught junior high English in the northern suburbs of Chicago for five years, and then he went on to begin writing and directing a series of hour-long Christian dramas for film, video and television distribution in over 30 countries. His first film was "Against All Hope" and it starred Michael Madsen in his acting debut. Three of the films -- "Never Ashamed", "Gold Through the Fire", and "Geronimo," were voted “Best Film of the Year” by the 400-member religious film & video trade organization, ICVM, and won awards at international film festivals.
In 1998, McDougal finished production on the 35 mm feature, "The Prodigy", which opened at the Cineplex Odeon in Chicago and was released through Vanguard Video and Blockbuster June 5, 1999. 
McDougal Chicago Production Services, a separate equipment rental and production facility located in downtown Chicago, has provided 35 mm camera, grip and lighting packages and support services for many Chicago independent features, television commercials, and music videos which include such productions as "Scenes for the Soul" (Savoy Pictures), "American Reel" (Mariel Hemingway), and "Never Said" (music video, Liz Phair), as well as television specials for PBS. 
McDougal initiated and has helped to fund a series of non-profit films aimed at helping urban youth cope with the temptations of using and selling drugs. The series includes the films, "Through the Cracks", and "Crackdown" which won two Emmy awards and is currently distributed to African-American churches, schools, and institutions through Urban Ministries in Chicago. 
McDougal has conducted yearly seminars in screenwriting and film production since 1985 at Regent University’s graduate program in cinema television, and has been on staff at YWAM's School of Video in Burtigny, Switzerland (1998-2001), developing and teaching an intensive program in screenwriting and filmmaking. Edward has also taught filmmaking seminars in Nigeria, Hungary, at the Cornerstone Music Festival, and most recently in Russia and Kazakhstan where he spoke at the Christian Broadcasters convention in Moscow (2002) and taught video and writing classes in St. Petersburg (2002) and Alma-Aty, Kazakhstan (2002, 2003 and 2004).
McDougal is former president and chairman of the board of International Christian Visual Media, a worldwide consortium of producers and distributors of Christian film and video that includes such organizations as World Wide Pictures, Gospel Films, and Focus on the Family. 
Since 1997, McDougal has administered a judging team for the Religion and Ethics division of the U.S. Film Festival, the largest non-theatrical film festival in the world, has been a judge in the Cinestory Screenwriting Contest, and heads a judging team for the student film category of the Cine Awards.
McDougal has appeared as a panelist on various talk shows such as Geraldo, The Sally Jesse Raphael Show, PM Magazine, and The 700 Club where he has discussed filmmaking and family values.
From 2000 to 2003, McDougal was professor of film and screenwriting at Regent University's Graduate School of Communication. During his tenure at Regent, McDougal's students produced scripts and movies including a film for Joel Freeman, former chaplain of the Washington Wizards titled “Return to Glory,” which received worldwide distribution.
In 2008 and 2009, McDougal taught a film production workshop in the Tiltan Graphic Design College in Haifa, Israel through United Israel Media. UIM is an organization of local media producers that has its roots in the Jewish Messianic "Or haCarmel Congregation" of Haifa. This organization is a name that seeks to unite different media initiatives in Israel.
In 2010, McDougal's feature film, Dog Jack, a story about the adventures of an escaped slave boy and his dog during the American Civil War, premiered in Pittsburgh at the Soldiers and Sailors Hall. It was accepted into 6 film festivals across the country, including the St. Louis International Film Festival, and won Best Drama at the San Diego Black Film Festival. In 2011, it had a limited theatrical release, and in 2012 came out on DVD and streaming at Redbox, Netflix, Amazon.com, Walmart, and other outlets.
McDougal currently lives in Northfield with his wife Nevila, and children Eddie and Emilia, where he is working on a his newest feature film.

</doc>
<doc id="21472756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472756" title="Multi-platform television">
Multi-platform television

Multi-platform television (also known as multiplatform entertainment and transmedia storytelling) is "a mode of storytelling that plays itself out across multiple entertainment channels". Each medium that the story unfolds across makes a distinctive contribution.
Some cite "Big Brother" 2001 as the first truly multi-platform television-based project to be developed. 
The most successful transmedia franchises have emerged when a single creator or creative unit maintains control. One notable example is Lucasfilm, which has managed and cultivated its "Indiana Jones" (1981) and "Star Wars" (1977) franchises.
Today.
NBC’s "The Office" is one example of how networks are expanding their television series to become “multi-platform.” Different characters and story arcs are able to be explored through their website and webisodes.The national broadcasters of Belgium (VRT) and Sweden (SVT) are developing the first pan-European multiplatform project named "The Artists". This is based on the newly developed "drama 2.0" format.

</doc>
<doc id="21472762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472762" title="Escape from Alcatraz">
Escape from Alcatraz

Escape from Alcatraz may refer to:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="21472774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472774" title="United States Post Office and Court House (Huntington, West Virginia)">
United States Post Office and Court House (Huntington, West Virginia)

The United States Post Office and Court House in Huntington, West Virginia is a federal building housing the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia. It was built in 1907 and expanded in 1907, and again in 1937. The original construction was the result of the Tarsney Act of 1893. The federal courthouse is part of a group of significant civic structures in the center of Huntington that includes the Cabell County Courthouse, the Huntington City Hall and the Carnegie Public Library. The original design was by Parker and Thomas of Boston and Baltimore. The post office has since been moved to another location. In 1980, the United States Congress passed legislation renaming the building the Sidney L. Christie Federal Building, in honor of District Court judge Sidney Lee Christie.

</doc>
<doc id="21472776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472776" title="Les Liaisons dangereuses (TV miniseries)">
Les Liaisons dangereuses (TV miniseries)

Les Liaisons dangereuses (English title: Dangerous Liaisons) is a 2003 French television mini-series directed by Josée Dayan starring Catherine Deneuve, Rupert Everett, Nastassja Kinski and Leelee Sobieski. It is based on the classic eighteenth-century novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses" by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.
Plot.
An updated adaptation of Choderlos de Laclos' classic 18th Century tale of seduction, betrayal and revenge set in the modern 1960s world of Parisian high society. The beautiful Madame de Merteuil (Catherine Deneuve) seeks vengeance against her ex-lover Gercourt (Andrzej Zulawski) when he becomes engaged to her young goddaughter, Cécile (Leelee Sobieski). Merteuil turns to her ex-lover/partner-in-crime, Valmont (Rupert Everett), famous for his reputation as a Don Juan, to seduce Cécile and emotionally destroy her. While on his mission, Valmont gets sidetracked when he goes to visit his aunt and falls for Madame Tourvel (Nastassja Kinski), a virtuous, married woman who knows of his womanizing ways, but that only makes the challenge more exciting to Valmont. Together, Madame de Merteuil and Valmont make a dangerous team and they will stop at nothing when it comes to matters of the heart.

</doc>
<doc id="21472778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472778" title="List of private contractor deaths in Afghanistan">
List of private contractor deaths in Afghanistan

This is a partial list of private contractors and aid workers killed in the Afghanistan war according to a few published news sources. It was reported that by July 2007, at least 75 foreign contractors had been killed in the war.
It was also reported that from 2001 to 2009, at least 289 contractors had been killed in the war.
Also, the U.S. Department of Labor confirmed that by December 31, 2013, a total of 1481 civilian contractors were killed in Afghanistan. Of which, during the period between June 2009 and April 2010, 260 were private security contractors or PMCs.
As of March 31, 2014, 215 foreign private contractor deaths in Afghanistan as part of the War in Afghanistan are listed in this article. Of these, 65 are Americans, 18 are Nepalese, 13 are Canadians and 13 are Ukrainians. At least 46 of those killed were private military contractors or PMCs.

</doc>
<doc id="21472781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472781" title="Archaeology of Ethiopia">
Archaeology of Ethiopia

Ethiopia offers a greater richness in archaeological finds and historical buildings than any other country in Sub-Saharan Africa (including Sudan). In April 2005, the Obelisk of Axum, one of Ethiopia's religious and historical treasures, was returned to Ethiopia by Italy. Under the orders of dictator Benito Mussolini, Italian troops seized the obelisk in 1937 and took it to Rome. Italy agreed to return the obelisk in 1947 in a UN agreement, and it was finally returned in 2005. As of January 2007, the obelisk has not been erected in Ethiopia. The monument was returned to Ethiopia in three or four large segments to facilitate easier transport. The pieces are so large that the Ethiopian government has been unable to erect it or even devise a way it could feasibly be done. The original site of the obelisk is an unexcavated area that would be damaged by heavy machinery, if that were determined to be an appropriate method of erection.
Ethiopia is well known for its significant fossil-bearing beds which have borne some of the oldest and most complete fossil hominids. One well known example is Lucy. Her hominid species "Australopithecus afarensis" is named after the Afar Ethiopian region where it was discovered. Other discoveries are still being made.
Recently, archaeologists uncovered the ruins of the legendary ancient Islamic kingdom of Shoa, that included evidence of a large urban settlement as well as a large mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="21472789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472789" title="California Proposition 1A">
California Proposition 1A

There are three different ballot propositions in California called Proposition 1A:

</doc>
<doc id="21472843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472843" title="Tulane University School of Liberal Arts">
Tulane University School of Liberal Arts

The Tulane University School of Liberal Arts (SLA) is a part of Tulane University and was created in the fall of 2005, pursuant to a university-wide Renewal Plan which in part separated the School of Liberal Arts from the School of Science and Engineering.
Scope.
The School of Liberal Arts is made up of 15 departments and 21 interdisciplinary programs in the humanities, the social sciences and the fine arts. The academic departments include Anthropology, Art (Studio and Art History), Classical Studies, Communication, Economics, English, French and Italian, German and Slavic Studies, History, Music, Philosophy, Political Science, Sociology, Spanish and Portuguese, Theatre and Dance. SLA is currently housed in Newcomb Hall, the Woldenberg Art Center, Dixon Hall and McWilliams Hall on the Newcomb Quad. SLA Departments and programs are also located in Dinwiddie, Tilton, Hebert, Jones and Norman Mayer Halls.

</doc>
<doc id="21472863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472863" title="Comparison of behavioral experiment software">
Comparison of behavioral experiment software

Behavior experiment software is used in cognitive science, in particular experimental psychology to carry out experiments. Typically, this type of software can at least present stimuli and record data from devices that can measure manual (or other) responses. There is a considerable variety of commercial and open source software available. The journal Behavior Research Methods frequently publishes articles about this type of software, and many of the developers meet at the annual meeting of the Society for Computers in Psychology.
These packages below differ in various aspects (as listed in the table below). Some software is proprietary, and some is available as free software. Some packages have a graphical user interface. Some packages have a scripting language. Some offer a software library with functions of interest to experimental psychology for a programming language.

</doc>
<doc id="21472886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472886" title="Skills like This">
Skills like This

Skills like This is a 2007 comedy film directed by Monty Miranda, written by Spencer Berger and distributed by Shadow Distribution released theatrically on March 20, 2009. The DVD released on November 17, 2009 and the Premium Cable premiere on Starz and Starz On Demand 1.1. 2010. It stars Berger, Gabriel Tigerman, Kerry Knuppe and Brian D. Phelan.
Production.
Spencer Berger both wrote and acts in the film. It was directed by first-time film director Monty Miranda, who previously directed television commercials, short films and created a TV series
The movie was shot in Denver, Colorado. Principal photography was completed in 17 days. 
In addition to highlighting Denver, Colorado's eclectic music scene, Skills Like This is an entirely
Colorado based production. Skills Like This is the first feature length film produced in Colorado, by Colorado
filmmakers to be picked up for North American theatrical distribution.
Reception.
The film won the award for Best Narrative Feature at the South by Southwest film festival.
The film won the "Best of Fest" distinction at the Edinburgh International Film Festival 
The film won the "Jury Prize for Best USA Feature Film" at Jacksonville Film Festival
"Skills Like This" screened worldwide on the film festival circuit prior to its American theatrical release by Shadow Distribution in 2009. The film received positive reviews from publications ranging from "The New York Times" and "Variety" to Salon.com. In her review for "The New York Times", Jeanette Catsoulis wrote, "the offbeat chemistry of the cast, along with Monty Miranda's eye-catching direction...make all the difference... Drawing much of its energy from an eclectic and fully integrated soundtrack, "Skills Like This" gazes indulgently on 20-something aimlessness and the comfort of assigned roles. In Mr. Miranda's hands sloth can be more appealing than you might think." "Variety" further stated that the main characters of "Skills Like This" showed "considerable intelligence and chemistry" in addition to calling the film "deftly directed" and from Salon Andrew O'Heir reviewed "Skills Like This" as, "Cheerfully anarchic...indescribably genuine." The film screened in theatrical release for four months.
The film received positive reviews: 

</doc>
<doc id="21472909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472909" title="António Campos">
António Campos

António Campos (29 May 1922 – 8 March 1999) was one of the pioneer filmmakers of visual anthropology in Portugal. Mainly using pure documentary techniques, he shot ethnographic films and tried docufiction. As well as in fictional films, he used the methods of direct cinema to portrait the life of ancient human communities (ethnofiction) of his country.
He started making films at the beginning of the sixties, at the same time as John Marshall (EU) and Michel Brault (Canada). Without knowing much about Jean Rouch, he followed his steps in an original way.
Biography.
He integrated a troupe of theatre amateurs and worked at a state department office in Leiria. He got a subvention from the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation in 1961, where he worked between 1970 and 1976, to study cinema in London. He took part in the 20th Century Film Festival, in Kracow, Poland.
He was the delegate in Portugal for the International Federation of Art Film and a member of the International Union of Independent Filmmakers (UNICI).
He started making films as an amateur. He shot ethnographic films with 16 mm light cameras and with no scientific purposes, like some of his Portuguese fellows, such as António Reis, Ricardo Costa or Pedro Costa, this one using small mini dv cameras, some years later. After the Carnation Revolution, he directed some theatrical fictional features in 35 mm, all with a strong anthropologic content. He was one of the representatives of the Portuguese Cinema Novo (or Novo Cinema), inspired by the French New Wave.
His film Gente da Praia da Vieira (People of Praia da Vieira), 1976, is, together with Trás-os-Montes, by António Reis and Margarida Cordeiro, and with Mau Tempo, Marés e Mudança (Changing Tides), by Ricardo Costa, one of the first docufictions of Portuguese cinema. Shot on the same year, these films, in the same genre, are preceded by Acto da Primavera (Act of Spring), 1962, by Manoel de Oliveira, and Ala-Arriba!, 1948, by José Leitão de Barros, a contemporary to Robert Flaherty. These films may also be classified as ethnofictions.
Filmography.
Feature films
Short and middle-length films

</doc>
<doc id="21472929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472929" title="Filipinos in South Africa">
Filipinos in South Africa

Filipinos in South Africa are either migrants or descendants of the Philippines living in South Africa. Roughly half of them live in Gauteng.
Many Filipinos migrate to South Africa to work in the fishing industry, in the health care industry, as skilled workers, or as engineers.
In August 2008, the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs set up the Munting Paaralan school at the Philippine embassy in Pretoria, where fourteen children are enrolled for bimonthly classes.
In 2011, Filipinos in South Africa sent over $6.1 million USD in remittances back to the Philippines, the largest amount from any African country in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21472930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472930" title="Marc Santo-Roman">
Marc Santo-Roman

Marc Santo-Roman (born 13 September 1960) is a French chess grandmaster, born in Toulouse.
Chess career.
He won three French Chess Championship at Angers 1990, Montpellier 1991, and Chambéry 1994 and played for France in the 29th Chess Olympiad at Novi Sad 1990, 30th Chess Olympiad at Manila 1992 and in the 31st Chess Olympiad at Moscow 1994. Santo-Roman was awarded the International Master title in 1984 and the Grandmaster title in 1996.
Chess strength.
According to Chessmetrics, at his peak in October 1991 Santo-Roman's play was equivalent to a rating of 2557, and he was ranked number 317 in the world. His best single performance was at FRA-ch Angers, 1990, where he scored 11 of 14 possible points (79%) against 2462-rated opposition, for a performance rating of 2644.
On the April 2009 FIDE list his Elo rating is 2392.

</doc>
<doc id="21472935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472935" title="1928 Pottsville Maroons season">
1928 Pottsville Maroons season

The 1928 Pottsville Maroons season was their fourth in the league and their last before changing their name to the Boston Bulldogs. The team failed to improve on their previous league output of 5–8, winning only two games. They finished eighth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21472937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472937" title="First Newcastle Ministry">
First Newcastle Ministry

The First Newcastle Ministry was a British government that existed from 1754 until 1756, headed by the Duke of Newcastle. After the death of the previous Prime Minister, his brother Henry Pelham, Newcastle had formed a fresh administration. It lasted until 1756, when it collapsed following the fall of Minorca and the fierce criticism that Newcastle had come under for his handling of the war that was engulfing Europe. 
One of the most influential members of the Ministry was Henry Fox, who served as Leader of the House of Commons.
Newcastle later returned to head a second government in 1757 in alliance with William Pitt.

</doc>
<doc id="21472938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472938" title="Chicago Growth Partners">
Chicago Growth Partners

Chicago Growth Partners (formerly known as William Blair Capital Partners) is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries, including, education, business services, healthcare and industrial growth.
The firm, which is based in Chicago, Illinois, was founded in 2004 although the group traces its roots back to the founding of William Blair Capital Partners in 1982. The Chicago Growth Partners and its predecessor have raised approximately $1.8 billion since inception across nine funds. The team had raised and deployed six funds as the core group behind William Blair Capital Partners. William Blair Capital Partners VII, which closed in 2001 with $403 million was the final fund raised within the William Blair Capital Partners platform.
History.
William Blair Capital Partners was founded in 1982 to serve as the investment arm of William Blair & Company. During the 1980s, WBCP was an active investor in leveraged buyout transactions.
In 2004, the senior partners of William Blair Capital Partners completed a spin out from William Blair to form a new firm, Chicago Growth Partners. The primary motivation for the departure of the Chicago Growth Partners team from William Blair was to gain access to a more diversified base of institutional investors that was limited by the group's involvement with the investment bank. 
The spinout of Chicago Growth Partners from William Blair & Company came at the same time as the spinouts of private equity groups from other leading investment banks including: JPMorgan Chase (CCMP Capital), Citigroup (Court Square Capital Partners), Deutsche Bank (MidOcean Partners), Morgan Stanley (Metalmark Capital) and Credit Suisse First Boston (Avista Capital Partners, Diamond Castle Holdings).
In August 2006, the remaining partners of William Blair Capital Partners suspended efforts to raise William Blair Capital Partners VIII, which had been reportedly targeted at about $250 million. The remaining team left William Blair to found a new private equity firm, Seyen Capital.
In April 2008, Chicago Growth Capital completed fundraising for its second fund as an independent firm with $500 million of investor commitments

</doc>
<doc id="21472992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472992" title="Black Day Blue Night">
Black Day Blue Night

Black Day Blue Night is an American crime/thriller film. Released in both 1995 and 1996.
Plot.
A wife's husband is cheating on her. She decides to go on a road trip with her husband's other woman. While driving the two women pick up a hitchhiker. The man they pick up may be a robber and murderer on the run from the cops. A policeman who is tracking the hitchhiker has a close eye on them, but the question is why?
Reception.
"Entertainment Weekly" said, ""Black Day Blue Night" is a surprisingly pleasant ride." Giving it a B-.
The film currently has a score of 5.9/10 on IMDB.

</doc>
<doc id="21472998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21472998" title="Carlos Flores (footballer)">
Carlos Flores (footballer)

Club career.
Flores has played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Alianza Lima and Sport Boys. He had also had a spell with Aris in the Greek Super League during the 1998-99 season.
International career.
Flores has appeared twice for the senior Peru national football team, making his debut in a friendly against the Netherlands on 10 October 1998. His last match was a qualifier for the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Trivia.
On the 8th of January, 2009 it was reported [http://news.uk.msn.com/odd-news/features/articles.aspx?cp-documentid=151397215] that Flores claimed he was being chased by ghosts. He eventually admitted that he had been "engaging with dirty ladies" and that he manufactured the ghost story to try to hide the truth from his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="21473012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473012" title="Someruff">
Someruff

Someruff (also called Zimerauff) was a lordship in the Holy Roman Empire. mentioned on the Imperial Register in 1521. It is otherwise unknown and its immediacy is unclear although it is recorded as a member of the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle in 1532.

</doc>
<doc id="21473058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473058" title="Minuscule 211">
Minuscule 211

Minuscule 211 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 234 (Soden), is a Greek-Arabic diglot minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. The manuscript is lacunose. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 280 parchment leaves (size ), in quarto (four leaves in quire), with two lacunae (Luke 1:1-2:32; John 1:1-4:2). It is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page. 
The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 236 sections – with the last numbered section in 16:12), with references to the Eusebian Canons (irregularly inserted). 
It contains the table of the ("table of contents") to Luke, synaxaria, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, with numbers of ρηματα, and numbers of στιχοι.
In additional material it has "Limits of the Five Patriarchates" (like codices 69 and 543).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a mixture of the text-types. Aland did not place it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual group Λ in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 the manuscript is defective.
It contains the text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11).
History.
It was examined by Birch, Burgon, and Lake. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886. 
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Marciana (Fondo ant. 539), at Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="21473061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473061" title="List of Daytona 500 pole position winners">
List of Daytona 500 pole position winners

Daytona 500 pole position winners for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Daytona 500 are rewarded with being the driver to lead the field across the start line at the beginning of the race. Pole qualifying for the Daytona 500 is held one weekend before the race at the Daytona International Speedway. The driver to complete the fastest single lap in a two-lap qualifying effort around the high-banked tri-oval superspeedway earns the pole position. The first Daytona 500 was held in 1959, and in 1982 it became the opening event for the NASCAR season. The term "pole position" was originally coined in the American horse racing industry, and indicated the position of the starter being next to the "poles", which established the boundaries of the course. The two drivers who complete a lap with the fastest time are awarded the first and second starting positions for the Daytona 500. An additional 33 to 35 entrants are determined by a combination of the results of two qualifying races and the position of the team in the previous season's point rankings. The remainder of the 43 car field consists of drivers who meet certain qualifications, such as qualifying speed or being one of the previous NASCAR champions.
Bill Elliott set the pole position qualifying record on February 9, 1987 when he navigated around the circuit with a 42.782 second lap, which is an average speed of . Since 1988, NASCAR has required teams to install a restrictor plate between the carburetor and the engine. This rule was enacted as an effort to slow the cars speed in response to an accident in which fans suffered minor injuries when Bobby Allison's car blew a tire and crashed at over during a race at Talladega Superspeedway in 1987. Depending upon the sponsor, era, or a specific year, the qualifying races have been referred to as "The Duels" or "The Twins".
Procedure.
The qualifying session for pole position is held before the Daytona 500 on the first Sunday of Speedweeks. Drivers compete individually, driving two consecutive timed laps. The single lap completed with the highest average speed is the recorded statistic. The fastest qualifier takes the pole position for the Daytona 500 and starts on the inside of the first row; the second fastest starts alongside him on the outside, referred to as the "outside pole." Both front row starters are locked into these starting positions. 
Originally NASCAR did not limit qualifying to a single day, or single attempt; it offered a second round of qualifying for teams who wished to improve their qualifying times. Drivers and teams decided if they were content with their first attempt, and "stood on their time", or if they wanted to improve their chances by attempting a "second-round qualifying" attempt. If satisfied with the original attempt, the team was required to notify NASCAR within five minutes of the final practice sessions, and before the beginning of the "second-round qualifying" attempts. The second round of qualifying ended in 2001.
The two fastest qualifiers (the Daytona 500 pole winner and the "outside" pole winner) are also awarded the pole positions for the two qualifying races held the following Thursday. Drivers are ranked by their qualifying speed. Those who rank with an odd-numbered speed are assigned to the first qualifying race, and those with an even-numbered rank to the second race. Cars with the highest qualifying rank start the race in the front. The starting spots for the third through 30th positions are determined by the drivers' finishing position in the qualifying races, with only the top 14 drivers' results, excluding the pole sitter in each race, advancing to the feature. Since 2005, each of the two qualifying races is long, or 60 laps. From its inception in 1959 until 1967, it was 40 laps, and from 1969 to 2004 it was 50 laps. After the races, the top six drivers in speed of those that failed to advance through the qualifying race are positioned in positions 31-36. Positions 37-42 will go to the top six teams (not drivers) in points from the previous year's owners (team) points standings of teams not already qualified, again with their positions based on speed. The final starting position in the Daytona 500 (43rd overall) is reserved by NASCAR to allow one former NASCAR champion to start the race under the "champion's provisional" rule. Also known as the "Petty Rule", this rule was established in 1989 when NASCAR's winningest driver (Richard Petty) failed to qualify for an event at Richmond International Raceway. If the Champion's Provisional is not necessary, the seventh-highest team in the previous year's points advances, and positions 37-43 are positioned based on speed.
Starting in 2005, NASCAR began guaranteeing that the cars that had finished in the top 35 in owners points during the previous season would be eligible to run in the Daytona 500, regardless of qualifying speed. The qualifying races now determine the relative starting position for these 35 drivers plus the starting positions for an additional seven to eight teams. The top 35 drivers, plus two non-top 35 drivers from each qualifier, start in the first 39 positions of the 500. The 40th, 41st, and 42nd starting positions are given to the fastest three cars based on qualifying speed, which have not already qualified. The 43rd starting position is awarded to the most recent previous NASCAR champion who attempted to qualify; it is given to the fastest car that hadn't qualified if all previous champions qualified into the field. In 2008, the qualifying competition became known as the "Coors Light Pole" when Coors replaced Budweiser as the primary sponsor. Budweiser's parent company, Anheuser Busch Corporation, had been sponsoring the race since 1979.
History.
In early years, qualifying had varying formats: from one timed lap, to the average of two laps, to the better of two laps. The idea of having two individual races to establish the starting lineup of the Daytona 500 dates back to the first race in 1959. That event, advertised as "the 500 Mile NASCAR International Sweepstakes", featured cars from NASCAR's Grand National (now Sprint Cup Series) division racing against cars in the Convertible division. The first of the qualifying races consisted of Convertible division cars and the second of Grand National cars. Shorty Rollins won the 100-mile Convertible race to become the track's first winner. When the green flag was thrown on the first Daytona 500, 59 cars raced to the starting line; the event was held without a caution period during the entire race. In 1960 (incidentally, the first ever national telecast of a NASCAR race), the last chance race was eliminated; from 1960 through 1968 the qualifying events were in length. When the season opened in 1969, the qualifying races were increased to , which meant the drivers would have to make at least one pit-stop to refuel. Prior to 1971, the qualifying races yielded points to the drivers' championship.
The reduction in speed for the 1971 qualification was a result of NASCAR's effort to limit the increasing speeds achieved through the late 1960s and early 1970s. Engine size and technology, along with increased aerodynamic styling changes, brought speeds to over at some of the larger superspeedways. In an effort to reduce the escalating costs of developing faster racing equipment, increased horsepower, and the lack of parity in competition, NASCAR implemented several restrictions for the 1971 season, attempting to reduce speed by two methods. It experimented with restrictor plates for the first time at Michigan in August 1970. At the beginning of the 1971 season, NASCAR limited an engine's cubic inch displacement. The reductions had the effect of reducing costs for teams, but also limiting the horsepower and top speeds of NASCAR teams. At the time, NASCAR founder Bill France Sr. stated: 
Corporate sponsors purchased naming rights to qualifying races; between 1982 and 1984, Uno cards was the title sponsor for the "Uno Twin 125’s" qualifying events. In 1985 they became known as "7-Eleven Twin 125's"; no sponsors funded the 1988 and 1989 qualifying events and the races were called "Daytona Twin Qualifiers". Gatorade became the sponsor of the dual qualifying events in 1991. In 2005, the event was increased , and became known as the "Gatorade Duels".
Since the restrictor plate era began in 1988, qualifying has been established as the best single lap of two; drivers are permitted one warm-up lap followed by two consecutive timed laps. Since restrictor plate cars require more time to accelerate to full speed, drivers often consider their first timed lap a "throwaway lap," and use it essentially as a second warm-up lap; and the second timed lap is usually the fastest of the three laps.
In August 2009, NASCAR announced that it would reschedule the 2010 opening round of qualifying to avoid a conflict with the NFL Super Bowl. The events that determine the top two starters for the Daytona 500 were rescheduled after the NFL moved the Super Bowl day one week to February 7, 2010. Qualifying had originally been scheduled for February 7, but NASCAR moved the date back to Saturday, February 6, to avoid conflict with the NFL. Daytona Speedway president, Robin Braig, stated: 
Television broadcasts.
The very first NASCAR races to ever be shown on television were broadcast by CBS. In February 1960, CBS sent a "skeleton" production crew to Daytona Beach, Florida and the Daytona International Speedway to cover the Daytona 500's Twin 100 (now the Budweiser Duels) qualifying races on February 12, 1960. The production crew also stayed to broadcast portions of the Daytona 500 itself, two days later. The event was hosted by John S. Palmer. CBS would continue to broadcast portions of races for the next 18 years, along with ABC and NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="21473090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473090" title="Louis D. Astorino">
Louis D. Astorino

Louis D. Astorino (born 1948) is an architect in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, who was architect of several high-profile buildings in his home town and is the first American architect to design a building in the Vatican.
He was born in Pittsburgh and received a bachelor's degree from Pennsylvania State University in 1969. In 1972, he started his own firm, L. D. Astorino & Associates. It would subsequently be named Astorino.
He was introduced to the international stage in 1996 when Gateway Clipper Fleet founder John E. Connelly introduced him as a prospective architect for the Domus Sanctae Marthae that Pope John Paul II wanted to build to house cardinals during the selection of popes. Connelly was offering to finance the project. Connelly's design was ultimately rejected but he was kept on as supervisory architect. He would later design the adjoining Chapel of the Holy Spirit. Astorino's firm designed the new Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, completed in 2009 at a cost of $622 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21473099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473099" title="Wilhelm Henzen">
Wilhelm Henzen

Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Henzen (January 24, 1816 – January 27, 1887) was a German philologist and epigraphist born in Bremen.
He studied philology at the Universities of Bonn and Berlin, afterwards traveling to Paris and London, where he furthered his education by becoming fluent in French and English. With Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker (1784-1868), he undertook archaeological investigations in Italy and Greece, and in 1842 settled in Rome, where in 1856 he succeeded August Emil Braun (1809-1856) as first secretary of the "Deutsches Archäologisches Institut" (German Archaeological Institute). From 1876 onward, he was a member of the "Accademia dei Lincei".

</doc>
<doc id="21473115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473115" title="Vanished Children's Alliance">
Vanished Children's Alliance

The Vanished Children's Alliance was an American non-profit charity organization based in San Jose, California. It was established in 1980 and incorporated as a 501(c)3 in 1981. As of September 30, 2009, however, the organization is no longer operational; the VCA's website claims that the organization "has been unable to recover from the recent recession."
According to the organization's website, its mission was "providing for the prevention, location, recovery and reunification of missing and abducted children." It provided assistance to families of missing children both within the United States and overseas. 
It was the oldest organization devoted to missing children in the United States and was recognized by the U.S. Department of Justice and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.

</doc>
<doc id="21473134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473134" title="Lake Errock">
Lake Errock

Lake Errock is an unincorporated settlement on the northwest shore of the lake of the same name, which is located in the Upper Fraser Valley region of the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada. It lies alongside BC Highway 7 and the tracks of the Canadian Pacific Railway between Deroche and Chehalis. Part of both the Mission phone exchange and British Columbia School District No. 75 (Mission), it is largely oriented towards Mission rather than eastwards to the Municipality of Kent, which lies east of Chehalis.

</doc>
<doc id="21473136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473136" title="Obadiah Bush">
Obadiah Bush

Obadiah Newcomb Bush (January 28, 1797 – February 9, 1851) was an American prospector and businessman. He is an ancestor and founder of the Bush political family.
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Penfield, New York to blacksmith Timothy Bush the Younger (1761–1850) and Lydia Newcomb, he left home during the War of 1812. On November 8, 1821, he married Harriet Smith (1800–1867) in Rochester, New York. They had seven children, among them James Smith Bush.
Career.
In Rochester, New York, he became a schoolmaster and was on a committee that nominated candidates for justice of the peace. He and his brother Henry, a manufacturer of stoves, were known abolitionists. He served as vice president of the American Anti-Slavery Society and supported the Underground Railroad. He petitioned the New York State Legislature to secede from the Union in a protest against slavery, after which "The Rochester Daily Advertiser" accused him of encouraging anarchy.
In 1849, he traveled to California due to the gold rush, leaving wife and children behind. After two years, he was on his way home to reclaim his family and take them west, when he died aboard the ship and was given a sea burial.

</doc>
<doc id="21473164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473164" title="Ready? OK!">
Ready? OK!

Ready? OK! is a 2008 comedy film written, edited, and directed by James Vasquez, and produced by Daisy 3 Pictures.
Plot.
Andrea Dowd (Carrie Preston), a single parent, is struggling to raise her ten-year-old son, Joshua (Lurie Poston). Andrea's concerned about Joshua's interests. Instead of wanting to be on the school wrestling team, Joshua strives to be on the cheerleading squad. When students are told to come to school dressed as an influential role model, Joshua chooses Maria von Trapp. The film explores Andrea's internal battle of wanting her son to be normal, and embracing his individuality and accepting him how he is.
Production.
The film is loosely based on a short film of the same name. The short film is available on the DVD, "First Out 3".
Release.
"Ready? OK!" premiered on television on November 15, 2009 on the cable LGBT-related channel Logo.

</doc>
<doc id="21473240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473240" title="Lake Errock (British Columbia)">
Lake Errock (British Columbia)

Lake Errock is a lake at the community of the same name, located between Chehalis and Deroche in the Upper Fraser Valley of the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia, Canada. It lies southwest of Harrison Bay, a sidewater of the Harrison River west of Chehalis, and is separated from the nearby Fraser River by a large rocky hill. Originally named Squakum Lake, the name was adapted to that of the Lake Errock Post Office in 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="21473244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473244" title="1928 Providence Steam Roller season">
1928 Providence Steam Roller season

The 1928 Providence Steam Roller season was their fourth in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 8–5–1, losing only one game. As the team with the best win percentage, they were the 1928 NFL Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="21473276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473276" title="Mabel Blythe">
Mabel Blythe

Mabel Blythe (1930–2004) was a popular Sri Lankan actress and singer who appeared in early Sinhala films opposite Eddie Jayamanne.
Blythe was born on March 28, 1930. Actress Jemini Kantha introduced her to B. A. W. Jayamanne who cast Blythe in "Hadisi Vinishchaya" (1949) opposite Eddie Jayamanne. She subsequently had similar roles in "Sengawunu Pilithura" (1951), "Umathu Wishwasaya" (1952), "Kele Handa" (1953), "Iranganie" (1954), "Matha Bedhaya" (1955), "Perakadoru Bena" (1955), "Daiwa Wipaakaya" (1956), "Vanaliya" (1958; with her sister Shirly Blythe), "Kawata Andare" (1960) and "Mangalika" (1963). 
Blythe sang in her movies. Her song "Sara Goiya" done for "Daiwa Wipaakaya" is considered one of the longest songs in Sri Lankan cinema running in at eight minutes. Blythe dueted with Mohideen Baig on "Surathaliye Sukumaliye" for the same film. Earlier she did several duets with Eddie Jayamanne.
Blythe's later movies include "Senasuma Kothanada" (1966), "Geetha" (1970), "Sujeewa" (1972), "Sukiri Kella" (1975) and "Mangala" (1976). She also appeared in two South Indian films, "Walliyin Selvan" (with MG Ramachandran) and "Periya Ediththa Pen" (alongside Chandrababu). Blythe retired from film after filling in the role originally done by Jemini Kantha in the remake of "Kadawunu Poronduwa" (1982) pairing with Eddie Jayamanne one last time.
Blythe married Ranjith Anthony and settled in Nuwara Eliya subsequently relying on a Tower Hall pension. She was presented the Sarasaviya Rantisara Award in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21473286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473286" title="IIHF European Cup 1979">
IIHF European Cup 1979

The 1978-1979 European Cup was the fourteenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on September 12, 1978, and finished on August 29, 1979.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21473293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473293" title="Adventure Time (disambiguation)">
Adventure Time (disambiguation)

Adventure Time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21473297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473297" title="Louise of Anhalt-Dessau">
Louise of Anhalt-Dessau

Louise of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 10 February 1631 – Oława, 25 April 1680), was a German princess of the House of Ascania in the branch of Anhalt-Dessau and by marriage Duchess of Legnica-Brzeg-Wołów-Oława.
She was the fifth child (but third daughter) of John Casimir, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his first wife Agnes, daughter of Maurice, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel.
Life.
Louise married Christian, Duke of Brieg-Oława, on 24 November 1648 in her native city of Dessau. At that time, her husband was only co-ruler with his older brothers George III and Louis IV. Only four years later, in 1652, Louise gave birth to her first child, a daughter called Karolina. 
One year after receiving the inheritance of their uncle George Rudolf of Legnica in 1653, George III, Louis IV, and Christian decided to divide up their domains; Christian obtained the small and poor duchies of Wołów and Oława. Louise and her husband settled in Oława, where she gave birth in 1657 a second daughter, Louise, who died on 6 February 1660 at age thirty-two months. Seven months later, on 29 September, the Ducal couple's third child, the long-awaited son and heir, George William, was born. Louise had her fourth and last child in 1664, a second son called Christian Louis, who lived only one month.
The eventual inheritance of all the Legnica lands to Christian seemed inevitable, since none of his older brothers had surviving male issue. The deaths of Louis IV in 1663 and George III in 1664 finally left Christian as sole ruler of all the family lands.
Duke Christian died on 28 February 1672. His only surviving son, George William, succeeded him in Legnica-Brzeg, but because he was a minor, the regency was held by his mother Louise, who was the regnant Duchess of Wołów-Oława as her "Oprawa wdowia" ("dower rights"), in accordance with her husband's will. 
The Duchess-Regent, who was a tolerant and generous person, financially assisted the Catholics, thereby earning the hatred of the Protestant population of the Duchy. They decided to accelerate the formal proclamation of the young Duke George William as an adult. Despite Louise's protests, Emperor Leopold I declared George Wilhelm an adult and ruler of his Duchy as of 14 March 1675. One of the first acts of the Duke was to strip his mother of Wołów, a part of her "Oprawa wdowia". However, George William's reign was short; he died eight months later, on 21 November, a victim of smallpox. Without issue, the House of Piast became extinct in the male line with him.
Louise retained her "Oprawa wdowia" and retired to Oława, where she spend her last years constructing the Baroque Silesian Piast mausoleum at the church of St. John the Baptist in Legnica, also called the "Piasteum", where she had buried the remains of her husband, son, and some of their ancestors. She died in 1680 and was buried next to her husband. Her estates were taken over by the Holy Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="21473298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473298" title="Minuscule 212">
Minuscule 212

Minuscule 212 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 128 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains almost complete text of the four Gospels, with some lacunae, on 273 parchment leaves (size ), in octavo (3 leaves in quires). The leaves 39-52, 190-201, 256-273 were supplied by a later hand, probably from the 15th century.
The text is written in one column per page, 23 lines per page. The manuscript is beautifully written. The first page in gold, with pictures, and most elaborate illuminations. 
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241), originally without references to the Eusebian Canons. The references to the Eusebian Canons were added by a later hand (in the same line as Ammonian Section numbers - see Minuscule 112).
The manuscript contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, lectionary markings at the margin for liturgical reading, and beautiful pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 it has mixture of the Byzantine text-families.
The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is marked by an asterisk (※).
History.
The manuscript was examined by Birch and Burgon. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Marciana (Gr. Z 540), at Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="21473406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473406" title="Lauren Henry">
Lauren Henry

Lauren Janine Henry (born 30 June 1988) is a former South African figure skater. Henry began her career in 1994 and ended it in 2006. She was the 2000 Under 14 National Champion, 2003 Novice Champion, as well as the 2004 Junior National Champion.
Personal life.
Henry was born in Durban, South Africa to Gordon and Jean Henry, and has one older brother. She attended Virginia Preparatory School followed by Danville Park Girls High School. At the age of fourteen, Lauren and her father moved to Johannesburg, where she then attended Bryanston High School and graduated in 2005. After high school she moved to London, England for two years, and as of June 2008 currently resides in Vancouver, Canada where she is pursuing a career in singing and writing.

</doc>
<doc id="21473408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473408" title="Greenlawn Memorial Park, City of Newport News, Virginia">
Greenlawn Memorial Park, City of Newport News, Virginia

Greenlawn Memorial Park, also known as Greenlawn Cemetery, is located at 2700 Parish Avenue, Newport News, Virginia. Greenlawn Memorial Park is a cemetery located where two natural streams, Mill Dam Creek and Salters Creek, come together. The cemetery has been in continuous operation, serving the Newport News and Hampton, Virginia, since 1888. There are approximately 20,000 burials in the cemetery. Greenlawn Memorial Park is on the National Register of Historical Places.
Greenlawn Cemetery was developed by the Newport News Cemetery Company beginning February 14, 1888. The incorporators were T. H. Gordon, Louis Bremond, I. E. White, Theodore Livezey, E. Clayton, E. B. Smith, T. E. Monis and M. B. Crowell. By the terms of the charter, they were authorized to associate others with them. Walter A. Post, George Benjamin West, Carter M. Braxton, W. B. Livezey, C. B. Nelms and W. J. Nelms were added as associates.
At the center of the cemetery is a obelisk erected in 1900 marking the mass grave of 163 Confederate Prisoners of War. The 163 Confederate soldiers were re-interred there in 1900. These were POWs who died in the nearby Newport News POW camp between April 27, 1865 and July 5, 1865. At the foot of this monument is a granite ledger with the names, rank, state and unit of each soldier. Soldiers from 13 southern states are represented.
The cemetery office building is a 1936 Sears Catalog Home.

</doc>
<doc id="21473423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473423" title="Astorino">
Astorino

Astorino is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21473484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473484" title="James Vasquez">
James Vasquez

James Vasquez, also known as Pedro James Vasquez, is an American actor, writer, and director.
Early life and education.
Vasquez is originally from Escondido, California, United States. He graduated from Escondido High School in 1990 and from New York City's Juilliard School in 1994. At Juilliard he was a member of the Drama Division's "Group 23", which also included Carrie Preston. He is a cousin of actor Randy Vasquez, who also grew up in Escondido.
Career.
As an actor, Vasquez has appeared off Broadway with The Public Theater in New York City, at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, and in the Alabama Shakespeare Festival.
In 2004, he co-founded Daisy 3 Pictures with Mark Holmes and Carrie Preston.
Vasquez had his screen writing debut with the 2005 feature film "29th and Gay", which he also starred in. He edited the 2007 short film "Feet of Clay", and wrote and directed the 2008 film "Ready? OK!".

</doc>
<doc id="21473498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473498" title="Shaxi">
Shaxi

Shaxi may refer to the following towns in China:
Written as "沙溪镇":

</doc>
<doc id="21473508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473508" title="John Collee">
John Collee

John Gerald Collee (born 1955) is a Scottish novelist, journalist and screenwriter whose film scripts include "" (2003), "Happy Feet" (2006), "Creation" (2009), and "Walking with Dinosaurs" (2013). Collee practised medicine and wrote several novels before he became a full-time screenwriter. He is married to Deborah Snow, with whom he has three children. He occasionally lectures on creative writing.
Background.
Collee was born in 1955 to Isobel McNay Collee (née Galbraith) and J. Gerald Collee CBE, the latter who was a professor of bacteriology at the University of Edinburgh. Collee grew up in Edinburgh, Scotland and in India. He studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh and began practising medicine in Cambridge, Bath, and Bristol. In his third year of practice, he wrote the medical thriller "Kingsley's Touch", which was published in 1984. Collee subsequently worked in emergency medicine and worked as a doctor in countries like Gabon, Madagascar, and Sri Lanka. He then wrote a second novel titled "A Paper Mask", which was published in 1987. Rights to the novel were acquired for a film adaptation, and Collee wrote the screenplay for director Christopher Morahan, who released the film "Paper Mask" in 1990. With income from screenwriting, Collee wrote his third novel "The Rig", which was published in 1991. Around the same time "The Rig" was published, Collee became a weekly columnist for "The Observer" and wrote about travel, science and medicine. He kept the job for six years. In London he was an early member of The Groucho Club and was part of an informal social group of British writers and film-makers which included Helen Fielding, Richard Curtis, Richard Rayner and Paul Greengrass
Collee met his wife Deborah Snow on the way to Azerbaijan; he was escorting a shipment of medical aid when he met Snow, who was a TV correspondent in Moscow, Russia for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. When he began writing a book about Soviet medicine called "The Kingdom of the Blind". The book was unpublished, but when Collee went to the Solomon Islands for a year to work as a doctor, Snow went with him, and they had their first child, Lauren, on the islands. He worked in London for a short time before moving to Sydney, Australia in 1996 to meet Australian directors like Peter Weir and George Miller. For Weir, Collee wrote the screenplay for "", and for Miller, he wrote "Happy Feet". Collee and Snow have three children and live in Sydney. His most recent works to be screened include "Creation" about the life of Charles Darwin, and "Walking with Dinosaurs (film)" - an animated drama taking its title from the BBC documentary franchise.
The Production company "Hopscotch Features" is a partnership between John Collee, Andrew Mason and Troy Lum Their recent co-productions include, "The Water Diviner", "Adoration", "Saving Mr Banks" and "I, Frankenstein"
Passionate about the environment, and the accurate communication of science, John Collee is a board member of the Australian branch of climate activist group 350.org.

</doc>
<doc id="21473538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473538" title="Labor Express Radio">
Labor Express Radio

Labor Express Radio is a weekly labor news and current affairs radio program that broadcasts every Monday morning on WLUW, a formerly-independent community radio station in Chicago which has recently reverted to its original status as the radio station for Loyola University in Chicago. It is Chicago’s only English-language radio program devoted to issues related to the labor movement ("Radio Chamba", also on WLUW covers the labor movement in its Spanish-language broadcast) and one of only a handful of such programs around the country. "Labor Express" has covered local, national and international labor news for almost a decade and a half, since its first broadcast in 1993. It is a totally volunteer-produced and self-funded project. The program is a production of the "Committee for Labor Access", a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, which oversees both "Labor Express" and "Labor Beat", a Public-access television labor cable TV program which broadcasts in Chicago and Rockford, Illinois and St. Louis, Missouri. The program is affiliated with IBEW Local 1220 which represents radio and TV broadcast engineers in Chicago, but the views expressed on the show are solely that of its producers.
WCFL and the history of labor radio in Chicago.
Chicago has always been a leading center of the labor movement in the United States. The events of the “Haymarket Affair” in 1886 are recognized world wide as seminal to the modern working class movement. Chicago has more union locals with the number designation 1 (usually meaning the first) than any other city in the country – a testament to the number of national and international unions who owe their early formative history to the city. Likewise, Chicago has long been a pioneer in the field of labor movement communications – especially radio. John Fitzpatrick, President of the Chicago Federation of Labor (CFL) from 1905 until his death in 1946, and Edward Nockels, secretary of the CFL from 1903 until his death in 1937, were labor movement visionaries who recognized the potential that radio offered to communicate the message of organized labor to a mass audience. Their advocacy in favor of a station independent of the influence of “big business”, lead to the creation of WCFL, “Chicago’s Voice of Labor”, the first and only labor-owned radio station in the country.
According to historian Nathan Godfried, who wrote a history of WCFL, the station served the trade union movement by devoting considerable time to labor focused programs and was especially useful during periods of labor unrest, such as major strikes, when much of the corporate owned media was far less likely to analyze the situation from a pro-labor perspective... Launched in 1926, the station continued to function under the ownership of the CFL until 1978, with the Federation finding the need to make it a commercial operation in 1930. By the 1960s, the station had turned over almost all of its programming to a Top 40 music format. The CFL made the decision in 1978 that operation of the station was no longer profitable and sold it to the Mutual Broadcasting System, at the time a subsidiary of the infamously anti-Labor Amway Corporation.
From the late 1970s until the early 1990s, Chicago lacked a consistent outlet for labor news. In the early 1990s, communication activists at Loyola University of Chicago and in the surrounding community, lead an effort to transform the university’s radio station from a dance music format into a station that sought out community oriented programming. One of the first programs to develop from these efforts was "Labor Express".
Wayne Heimbach, "Labor Beat TV", and the early years of "Labor Express Radio".
The founding producer of "Labor Express Radio", and its host for over 10 years, was Wayne Heimbach, an organizer with Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 73 at the time. Heimbach, much like his predecessors who founded WCFL, recognized the importance of developing forms of labor movement mass communication. Heimbach had already been active in supporting the work of the "Committee for Labor Access", the organization responsible for producing the "Labor Beat TV" program, a weekly Public-access television show in Chicago that also covers issues related to the working class movement in Chicago and on the national scene. When WLUW expressed its interest in broadcasting locally-produced, community-focused programming, Heimbach seized the opportunity to launch the first labor oriented radio news program in the city in nearly 20 years.
WLUW currently broadcasts "Labor Express" once a week, in a one hour time slot at 10 AM on Monday mornings. The early focus of "Labor Express" was local struggles of the labor movement in Chicago and the Midwestern United States. Some of the stories covered in the program's early years included renewed efforts at organizing service sector workers in Chicago by SEIU (Service Employees International Union), Heimbach’s own union, and the Chicago Staley Workers Solidarity Committee, which formed to support the locked out workers at A. E. Staley, a corn sweetener processing plant in Decatur Illinois. But the program was not solely restricted to issues of local concern. Many national and international issues of concern to working people were also addressed, such as the election of a reform slate led by John Sweeney to the leadership of the AFL-CIO in 1994, and efforts of trade unionists in the United States to form links of solidarity with South African unions fighting the Apartheid regime. The program also featured segments on working class culture and songs of the labor movement by artist like the Chicago-based folk musician Bucky Halker.
WLUW becomes an independent community radio station.
Throughout the late 1990s, WLUW moved further in the direction of a community oriented radio station. Financial difficulties facing Loyola University lead the institution to consider ceasing the radio station’s operations in 2002. The efforts of WLUW producers and community activists lead to an agreement under which station management would be taken over by WBEZ, the National Public Radio affiliate in Chicago. WBEZ’s mission was to assist station managers develop a plan to make the station self-funding and self-supporting within five years. WLUW from that point on begin referring to itself as Chicago’s independent, listener-supported, community radio station. The radio station attracted growing attention, even at a national level, for its unique programming format and its devotion to remaining community controlled and funded. The station continued to expand its offerings of community programs devoting air time to a diversity of ethnic groups, including foreign-language programs for the Haitian, Latino, Ethiopian, and Southeast Asian communities in Chicago. The program lineup includes many progressive public affairs programs produced by local organizations. The Heartland Cafe, a restaurant that also acts as a left wing activist center in Chicago’s Rogers Park neighborhood, hosts "Live From the Heartland". The staff of the 8th Day Center for Justice, a Catholic social justice organization, produces a program called "The 8th Day" devoted to peace and justice issues. Chicago's Independent Media Center produces "From The Trenches", a politically progressive local news program. "Labor Express", and in more recent years "Radio Chamba", provides the station programming focused on issues of concern to Chicago’s working class communities.
In the summer of 2007 Loyola University, which still owns the WLUW license and the property from which 88.7 FM is broadcast, decided it wanted WLUW to once again become a University radio station, incorporated into the University’s Communications Department. The decision raised concern among many involved with the station that the community oriented programming would be dropped. Shortly following the University’s announcement of its plans to resume management of the station, the station manager and program manager were replaced, creating even deeper suspicions about the future of the station’s programming. When the transfer of management became official in the summer of 2008, dozens of station staff left the station, mostly those involved in music programming. So far, the community programming at WLUW has not changed and the new station management has indicated that no major programming changes will be coming for the foreseeable future.
Jerry Mead-Lucero takes over as host/producer.
In February 2004, Wayne Heimbach decided to retire as the host/producer of "Labor Express". His replacement was Jerry Mead-Lucero, a long time Chicago labor activist. Mead-Lucero is a member of the National Writers Union (NWU, UAW Local 1981) and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW). He had worked for a short period as an organizer with SEIU Local 880 and has been active with Jobs with Justice, a labor/community coalition, since the mid-1990s, including a few years as the chair of the organization’s Global Justice Committee. Besides labor activism, Mead-Lucero has worked extensively in the Latin American solidarity movement since the late 1980s and in the immigrants rights movement since the mid-1990s. Since 2000, he has been active in both anti-gentrification and environmental justice struggles in the Pilsen neighborhood, a working class, Mexican immigrant neighborhood on Chicago’s south side. Despite his lack of experience in radio broadcasting, Mead-Lucero agreed to take over as host of the program when Heimbach’s departure threatened to end the programs existence.
During Mead-Lucero’s tenure as host/producer, "Labor Express" has sought to continue Heimbach’s legacy of covering important developments in the Labor movement locally, nationally and globally. Some of the more important issues addressed by the program in recent years include the 2005 split in the AFL-CIO, the race and class dimensions of the Hurricane Katrina disaster, the Congress Hotel strike, labor opposition to the war in Iraq, the struggle for a living wage ordinance in Chicago, labor struggles in Latin America, the growth of the immigrants rights movement, Renaissance 2010 (a plan to privatize 10% of Chicago’s public schools), the CFL’s involvement in the 2006 municipal elections in Chicago, concessionary contracts by the UAW (United Auto Workers union), multiple victories by the CIW (Coalition of Immokalee Workers), the financial and economic crisis which began in the fall of 2008, labor’s involvement in the 2008 Presidential elections, and the occupation of Republic Windows and Doors by its workers, members of UE Local 1110, in December 2008.
"Labor Express" has also sought to maintain Heimbach’s interest in working class culture and music. Mead-Lucero has added to the repertoire of labor folk songs working class music from many genres, including punk, Latin, and hip-hop. Mead-Lucero has had assistance with hosting and production at times from assistant producer Marnie Goodfriend, a former staff member of SEIU Local 880 and Stacie Johnson a former intern with WBEZ.
Sources and links.
More information on WCFL

</doc>
<doc id="21473542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473542" title="Robert Johnson discography">
Robert Johnson discography

A detailed listing of all known recordings by blues musician Robert Johnson. Eleven Johnson 78s were released on the Vocalion label during his lifetime, with a twelfth issued posthumously. All songs are copyrighted to Robert Johnson, and his estate.
After their initial run in the late 1930s, issued as well on ARC sister labels such as Melotone, Perfect, and Banner, his recordings remained out of print until the appearance of "Preachin' Blues" on the 1959 Samuel Charters compilation for Folkways Records, "The Country Blues". In the midst of the American folk music revival, John Hammond convinced Columbia Records in 1961 to issue the first Johnson album, "King of the Delta Blues Singers", compiled by Hammond himself. It contained three previously unissued tracks: "If I Had Possession Over Judgment Day;" "When You Got a Good Friend" take 2; and "Traveling Riverside Blues" take 1. A sequel LP, assembling the rest of the master recordings, an unreleased second take of "Kind Hearted Woman Blues" and two additional unreleased songs, the first takes of "Phonograph Blues" and "Drunken Hearted Man," was issued in 1970 as "King of the Delta Blues Singers, Vol. II". In the UK, both albums were issued as a two-LP set by Blue Diamond Records in 1985 under the same name, "King of the Delta Blues Singers". An omnibus two-CD set, "The Complete Recordings", was released in 1990 containing 41 known recordings of 29 songs. Johnson's additional five credited compositions to the 24 issued on Vocalion are "If I Had Possession Over Judgment Day," "When You Got a Good Friend," "Traveling Riverside Blues," "Phonograph Blues," and "Drunken Hearted Man."
On September 15, 1998, Columbia/Legacy reissued "King of the Delta Blues Singers" remastered for compact disc, with the second volume appearing on August 10, 2004. They reproduce the original albums, without the alternates and false starts found on the box set "Complete" collection. The first volume includes an alternate take of "Traveling Riverside Blues" heretofore undiscovered and previously unissued, which brings the number of known Johnson recordings to forty-two. In "Crossroads: The Life and Afterlife of Blues Legend Robert Johnson" author Tom Graves states that Johnson originally made 59 recordings that were shipped to New York. In the book he also lists several "lost" songs that were composed by Robert Johnson but not recorded by him that were recorded by others, including blues artists Johnny Shines and Robert Lockwood Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="21473550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473550" title="Jauljibi">
Jauljibi

Jauljibi is the small bazaar of Indo-Nepal border (Uttarakhand / Mahakali Zone) situated at the confluences of Kali and Gori Rivers. The name refers to bazaars on both sides of the river, with the Nepal-side bazaar being rather small compared to that on the Indian side. A suspension bridge on the Kali has joined the bazaars and the people of both countries for many years. The town is famous for its annual trade fair.

</doc>
<doc id="21473568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473568" title="Mastilo">
Mastilo

Mastilo () is a Bulgarian rock and pop music band. The members of the group are Victoria Terziyska, Desislav Danchev, Ivan Dimov and Nikolai Simeonov ().
Biography.
Mastilo was formed in Sofia in 1999. The most popular member of the group is Victoria Terziyska, known as Viki, who was known as a leading face of TV music show "Forte" before she started working with of the group. Mastilo released their first album in 2002 and became very successful in Bulgaria. Since then two more albums have been released - the last one in 2006.
Discography.
Mastilo has released 4 albums - "Iгуана", "Репетиция", "Ела до мен" and "В ръцете ти е най-добре". The first one is the most successful. Some of the group's songs are:

</doc>
<doc id="21473569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473569" title="Pine Hills Lightning">
Pine Hills Lightning

The Pine Hills Lightning Baseball Club is a baseball club that participates in the Greater Brisbane League competition and Brisbane Metropolitan Region competition. It is the 4th largest baseball club in Australia and second largest after the Redcliffe Padres in Queensland.
History.
In 1984 the club was formed, originally known as the Mitchelton Unicorns. The club shared playing fields at Mitchelton, Queensland with Wests Mitchelton Rugby League Club for a handful of Tee-ball teams. Whilst the fields were only ever used in the rugby league offseason, relations were often uneasy between the two parties. This coupled with a vision of baseball participation expanding rapidly started the search for bigger fields. The club moved and commenced using the new Bunya fields in 1990. Renamed the Pine Hills Unicorns, a division of the Pine Hills Sports Club, playing numbers continued to grow.
In their tenth year a name change to Pine Hills Lightning was passed. Over the years several dedicated families have worked hard to establish and further develop the club. Over time, player numbers grew to the point where teams could be added in more junior grades of the Brisbane competition, however the club was resigned to losing its best players as the club had no teams in Brisbane's elite Majors competition, and players would leave to play Majors elsewhere.
In 2004 a decision was made to merge with the All Stars Baseball Club, allowing Pine Hills juniors the chance to play Majors without leaving the club. All Stars at the time had the reverse issue, with strong senior numbers but flagging junior numbers making the merger mutually beneficial. This merger became known as the All Stars Lightning Baseball Club and fielded its first team at the start of the 2004/05 season. The merger was short-lived due to uneasy relations between the two parties and logistical difficulties of playing out of two centres; and was split after only two seasons.
Pine Hills decided they were in a position to field their own teams as of the 2006/07 season and chose to become a standalone club; as did All Stars who resumed their old branding. The first Pine Hills Major A team took the field in September 2006. That same month the Aspley Leagues Club opened a new entertainment complex at the Bunya reserve.
The standalone club's Major A side made its first finals series in 2007/08, in just its second year of existence. Since becoming a Major A club it has made the finals 5 times (2007/08, 2008/09, 2010/11, 2011/12 and 2012/13) and missed out on 3 occasions (2006/07, 2009/10 and 2013/14). It won its first Major A premiership in 2010/11, with a grand final clean sweep over Windsor.
Each year the club plays against Windsor Royals during a designated regular season game for the Paul Mutch Cup. Paul had played juniors at Pine Hills and seniors at Windsor and was a dedicated player for both clubs. Each year the contest in his memory is passionate; and as of Pine Hills' victory in the 2013/14 season the tally stands at 5-5. The game's MVP is awarded the John Macan Medal; the late John being former president of Windsor Royals and a greatly respected figure among both clubs. A significant number of players have played for both clubs and a rivalry has always existed between the two. In recent years however this has taken on renewed vigour, with the clubs meeting in each of the last 3 finals series.
Facilities.
The club has 4 playing fields with all dugouts and scorers huts have shade. Diamonds 1 and 2 have lights suitable for training. Diamond one has recently been upgraded with a top quality surface and AAA floodlighting. The club also utilises a fully automated Iron Mike pitching machine as well as an electronic scoreboard.

</doc>
<doc id="21473626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473626" title="Haley Mellin">
Haley Mellin

Haley Mellin is an American artist based in New York City. Born in San Francisco, California, Mellin left University of California, Berkeley and was admitted into the Whitney Museum of American Art Studio Program. 
Education and exhibitions.
Mellin studied painting with Rose Shakinovsky and Claire Gavronsky, two South African women, and received a PhD in 2012. She has worked with a number of schools, mainly immigrant based, in the Bronx, Harlem, East and West Oakland, and created bi-lingual creative learning approaches for NYS and CA Department of Eds. Recent exhibitions include the Palais de Tokyo, Paris; RENTAL, New York; SculptureCenter, New York; the Fondation Cartier pour l'Art Contemporain, Paris; Art in General, New York.; Explorers Club, New York, NY; Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, CA; Art Basel Miami Beach, Miami, FL; Whitney Museum ISP, New York, NY; Biennale, Liverpool, England; U.C. Berkeley University Gallery, Berkeley, CA; Yale University Gallery, New Haven, CT; Christie’s, Marianne Boesky Gallery, FIAF, and Untitled Gallery in New York.
Work.
With the Bruce High Quality Foundation, Mellin co-produces the Bruce High Quality Foundation University, the only free art university in New York. In 2013 she created a YouTube series for Los Angeles MoCA’s YouTubechannel, and then produced a separate self-titled series of interviews for the channel. In Fall 2013 she is listed in the guest residency at Still House in Brooklyn NY. In 2013, she was awarded the Rhizome Commission by the New Museum, the work will be released in May 2014.
She received the Haas Creative Research grant to work in contact with the Fayum paintings, and the Strauss grant for a large-scale public service project. She is an advisor to a number of museums and trustee collections, and is a contributing writer of Garage magazine, a contemporary art biannual. Mellin's teaching at New York University has been recognized by the school.

</doc>
<doc id="21473643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473643" title="VOILÀ Hotel Rewards">
VOILÀ Hotel Rewards

VOILÀ Hotel Rewards is a hotel loyalty program operated by Hospitality Marketing Concepts. The VOILÀ Hotel Rewards program was created in 2008 for frequent guests of boutique hotels and independent hotel chains. Members can earn and redeem points at participating hotels regardless of brand or location. The program relies on repeat guests and rewards frequent stays with increased status and additional privileges. VOILÀ Hotel Rewards is free to join and enrollment in the program is offered online.
Membership Levels.
There are three levels of membership in VOILÀ Hotel Rewards: Phoenix, Orion and Centarus. Phoenix is the introductory level and is awarded to anyone who joins the program. Orion status is achieved after 10 night stays are completed in a rolling 12-month period. Centaurus status is achieved after 20 night stays are completed in a rolling 12-month period. Orion and Centarus elite tiers offer additional benefits including increased point earnings, room upgrades, and access to exclusive lounges.
Earning Points.
Members earn points contingent upon their program tier status. Points are collected in a member’s account and can be used to purchase hotel nights. Every member earns a base rate of 10 points per US$1 spent. Orion members earn an additional 25 percent point bonus. Centaurus tier members earn an additional 50 percent point bonus.
Other Earning Opportunities.
VOILÀ Hotel Rewards offers members a number of promotions. These include double point and extra earning offers for stays typically within a one- to two-month period.
TopGuest.
November 23, 2010 VOILÀ Hotel Rewards announced a partnership with TopGuest. Topguest is a service that rewards users with loyalty points and perks for virtual “check-ins” via major location-based services applications, such as Facebook Places, Twitter and Foursquare. TopGuest was purchased by Switchfly and subsequently removed from the VOILÀ platform in 2013 
Thanks Again.
In December 2013, VOILÀ Hotel Rewards, announced a partnership with Thanks Again, a coalition loyalty program for airports, to give members more options for earning and redeeming points. Through Thanks Again, VOILÀ members can now earn rewards at more than 160 U.S. airports and 25,000 participating businesses nationwide. Members earn miles/points by shopping, dining or parking at participating airports and when purchasing from local businesses such as dry cleaners, spas and golf courses. 
Hotel Partners.
Partner hotels co-brand their programs with VOILÀ Hotel Rewards marketing materials and become active members of the program’s network. Nearly 300 hotels on 5 continents, and in 13 countries, and 122 cities currently belong to the program.
Husa Hoteles.
VOILÀ Hotel Rewards launched in June 2008 with Husa Plus, a co-branded program for Husa Hoteles. The Husa Plus program is currently offered at approximately 145 Husa Hoteles throughout Spain, Argentina, Andorra, Egypt, France and Belgium.
Coral Hotels & Resorts.
Coral Hotels & Resorts joined in December 2008 with a co-branded program called Hadaya. The Hadaya program is offered at nine Coral Hotels and Resorts in the Middle East throughout the UAE, Oman and KSA. Coral Hotels and Resorts is not longer part of the VOILÀ Hotel Rewards network.
Hoteles Lucerna.
The VOILÀ loyalty co-branded program Lucerna Rewards program launched May 25, 2009 with Hoteles Lucerna a Mexican hotel group with five-star properties in Tijuana, Mexicali, Culiacan, Ciudad Juarez and Hermosillo. Lucerna is longer part of the VOILÀ Hotel Rewards network.
Continental Hotels.
Continental Hotels the first Romanian hotel group, launched their VOILÀ network hotel loyalty program, Continental Hotels Rewards on June 10, 2009. Continental Hotels offer accommodation and full facilities for business meetings, conferences, trainings and also to corporate or private events. Continental Hotels is no longer part of the VOILÀ Hotel Rewards network.
Swiss-Belhotel International.
VOILÀ has a loyalty program partnership with Swiss-Belhotel International. Swiss-Belhotel International manages approximately 30 hotels are in China, Vietnam, The Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, Australia, Kuwait, Jordan, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen.
Kayumanis.
Kayumanis is a collection of villa retreats located in on the island of Bali as well as a provincial China. Kayumanis Ubud, in Indonesia, was voted as the winner of the 2009 Crystal Award Asia Pacific for the Best Boutique Hotel Spa.
Hotéis Othon.
Othon now manages a variety of small hotels in Brazil, such as Buzios, Cabo Frio, and Petropolis, as well as larger properties in Brazil’s major cities as well as those abroad such as Buenos Aires, Lisbon and San Francisco. In 2003 the Othon Suites brand was developed to offer apartment-style hotels for longer-stay guests. Today, Othon Hotels offers over 2,000 rooms across 28 properties and five brands, in Brazil, Portugal and the USA. Future plans include the development of more resorts in the Northeast, the present focus being the refurbishment and modernization of all existing properties. Othon's loyalty program with VOILA was launched on January 20, 2011 in Rio De Janerio, Brazil.
Hotéis Deville.
Deville Hotels was founded in 1974 in the city of Curitiba, southern region of Brazil. It has a total of ten luxury, midscale and economy class properties in nine Brazilian cities.
Amari Hotels and Resorts.
VOILÀ has a loyalty program partnership with Amari Hotels and Resorts, part of the ONYX Hospitality Group.
Details Hotels.
Details launched their VOILÀ loyalty program January 2012. Details Hotels comprises three hotels in Portugal.
Lexington Hotels.
The Lexington Rewards program launched during December of 2012. Headquartered in Coral Springs, Fla., Vantage Hospitality Group is the 8th largest hotel company worldwide with over 1,000 hotels independently owned and operated, and the only hotel company to be ranked seven consecutive years on the Inc. 500/5000 List of Fastest-Growing Private Companies. The company continues to grow with the Lexington Hotel and Lexington Inn brands (Vantage’s midscale through upscale brands).
Redeeming Points for Room Nights.
Points accumulated in a member’s account can be exchanged for stays at any hotel in the VOILÀ Hotel Rewards network. The number of points required for an award night varies per hotel.
Redemption Partners.
In addition to exchanging points for stays at hotels, members may reedem their accumulated points with program partners.
TheFirstClub.com.
October 7, 2009 VOILÀ Hotel Rewards announced a partnership with TheFirstClub.com to offer music, PC games, and mobile content as part of its VOILÀ’s global loyalty program redemption offerings. Through this partnership, VOILÀ members are able to redeem their points in exchange for TheFirstClub.com vouchers. They will then access TheFirstClub.com download platform, enter their unique code and redeem a download of their choice from a library of over 2 million types of content, supported by many local languages.
Delta SkyMiles.
As of October 13, 2009 VOILÀ Hotel Rewards members may redeem 9 VOILÀ points for each Delta SkyMiles mile. Delta Sky Miles program was removed from VOILÀ in December of 2013 due to a change in the Sky Miles program.
MexicanaGO.
May 13, 2010 VOILÀ Hotel Rewards announced a partnership with MexicanaGO. The partnership between VOILÀ and MexicanaGO means VOILÀ members will receive 500 MexicanaGO Points for every 2,500 VOILÀ points they convert.
Qatar Airways’ Privilege Club.
November 9, 2010 VOILÀ Hotel Rewards announced a partnership with Qatar Airways’ Privilege Club. The partnership between VOILÀ and Qatar Airways’ Privilege Club means VOILÀ members will receive 150 Qmiles for every 1,000 VOILÀ points they convert.
Worldreader.
In December 2010, VOILÀ partnered with Worldreader to provide members with an opportunity to convert their VOILÀ points into a cash donation. Worldreader is a non-profit organization whose mission is to bring e-readers (like Amazon.com’s Kindle™) to children in developing nations where illiteracy rates are highest . Instead of giving children one book, e-readers can place entire libraries of books in children’s hands. The devices use cell phone networks to access areas the Internet can’t, consume little power, and have proven to be a great tool in the classroom.
Kiva.
Kiva (organization) is a non-profit organization with a mission to connect people through lending to alleviate poverty. Leveraging the internet and a worldwide network of microfinance institutions, Kiva lets individuals lend as little as $25 to help create opportunity around the world. In May 2012, VOILÀ partnered with Worldreader to provide members with an opportunity to convert their VOILÀ points into a cash donation.
The Children’s Alcohol Rehabilitation and Education, Inc. (C.A.R.E.)..
As of December 2012, VOILÀ partnered with The Children’s Alcohol Rehabilitation and Education, Inc. (C.A.R.E.). A not-for-profit corporation, C.A.R.E. has been a safe harbor for some of the most neglected children in California, providing residential treatment facilities for abused, abandoned, neglected and at-risk children in need of drug or alcohol treatment since 1994.
Additional 3rd Party Redemption Options.
In December of 2012, VOILÀ added several other redemption options for members, including: American Express, iTunes, Amazon.com, and American Airlines.
Competition.
Features of VOILÀ Hotel Rewards including earning points, increasing status through frequent stays, and redemption of points for hotel stays are similar to the hotel loyalty programs of Hilton Hotels Corporation, InterContinental Hotels Group, and Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.
The structure of the program is similar to frequent flyer airline alliances including OneWorld, Skyteam and Star Alliance.
Program Awards.
In 2008 and 2009, VOILÀ Hotel Rewards received silver Adrian Awards for excellence in Web Marketing by Hospitality Sales and Marketing Association International (HSMAI).
Hospitality Marketing Concepts.
VOILÀ Hotel Rewards is operated by Hospitality Marketing Concepts (HMC) of Newport Beach, California. HMC has operated turnkey paid membership loyalty programs and developed Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems and proprietary operational technologies for global hotel chains since 1988. HMC currently has offices in North America, Central America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="21473646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473646" title="Sea Island One-Design">
Sea Island One-Design

The Sea Island One-Design, or SIOD is a wood-constructed sailing skiff that features a wide and flat profile. The boat was first designed to sail in the Rockville Regatta and eventually spurred other local yacht clubs to build their own and to establish an invitational regatta of their own. The boat's shallow design is unique to its class and is what sets this boat out from the rest. It has a mostly flat deck that only differs in the middle where it tapers downwards towards the centerboard. The SIOD is known not for its speed but for its simple boxy design and its flat-bottom hull that characterizes it as strictly a day sailer built for the races. It is usually sailed by three people who fill one of which jobs: skipper (steers), main sail, and jib position. This boat is native to the waterways in and around Charleston, South Carolina where it has been the main event in local regattas since its design after World War II. The boat was designed in order to create a racing fleet that was composed of multiple boats that were all built to a secret set of specific standards. 
History.
The Sea Island One-Design was designed in 1947 in a joint effort between Oliver Seabrook and a naval architect named Henry Scheel, who was from Mystic, Connecticut. Oliver Seabrook was the man who thought up and drafted the first sketches of the One-design that were later sent to Scheel for finishing touches and a final draft. The first boats—Cygnet, Undine, Doghouse, and Marcheta—were all built by each of the area yacht clubs to participate in a race series for bragging rights. The race series that was formed by each club's regatta was headlined by the last regatta of the season that was held in Rockville, South Carolina.
Rockville Regatta.
The regatta is hosted by the Sea Island Yacht Club and takes place in Bohicket Creek every year. The event hosts multiple different sailing classes including E-Scow, Laser, Sunfish, Y-Flyer, and Optimist. However the main event is the Sea Island One Design class. The race has been held every year in Bohicket Creek for over a century and is rumored to have started when two local residents wanted to settle a friendly dispute over who was the better sailor. Every year since the regatta has gained popularity and eventually a large following. In its heyday the regatta would attract over 300 entrants, but with a declining interest in sailing it usually has closer to fifty or so boats. Although the number of sailboats has decreased slowly over time, the number of power boats and people in the "spectator fleet" has greatly increased. The floating conglomeration of boats, barges, rafts, and everything in between has grown to become a large floating party. It is often joked about that only a quarter of the people in the spectator fleet even know that there is a sailboat race going on.
Second Generation.
The SIOD fleet was given new life in the 1980s with the birth of three new boats that were built by local Mark Bayne for 
D. Van Smith. Van Smith, a Rockville resident, now owns the Privateer and Bohicket II. The fleet grew to eight with the addition of the Grey Ghost which was also built by Mark Bayne for Charleston local Mike Groshon. Local, Grayson Carter, bought Island Spirit and Doghouse from Van Smith. He now owns those two along with Grey Ghost. The newest of the Sea Islands, Flounder, made nine SIOD's when skipper Michael Miller sailed its debut Regatta, the 2011 Rockville Regatta.
Present Day.
Currently, nine Sea Islands compete for the ultimate award, the Ellis Trophy, named for early benefactor to the fleet Dr. Daniel Ellis, father-in-law of current boat owner D. Van Smith.
The nine boats listed with their owners:<br>
Cygnet II (James Island Yacht Club)<br>
Undine <br>
Marcheta (Stan LaRoche)<br>
Privateer (D. Van Smith)<br>
Bohicket II (D. Van Smith)<br>
Island Spirit (Grayson Carter)<br>
Doghouse (Grayson Carter)<br>
Grey Ghost (Grayson Carter)<br>
Flounder (Hank Hoffard)<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21473668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473668" title="Shaxi, Yunnan">
Shaxi, Yunnan

Shaxi () is a historic market town in Jianchuan County, Dali Prefecture, Yunnan province, China. It is located roughly halfway between Dali and Lijiang.
The Sideng market square of Shaxi was added to the World Monuments Watch List of 100 Most Endangered Sites in 2001.
Shaxi started as a trading point for tea and horses during the Tang Dynasty (618 – 907). The prosperity of the town was at its height during the Ming and Qing dynasties (1368–1912).
It is probably the most intact horse caravan town on the Ancient tea route leading from Yunnan into Burma and Tibet and is now being preserved through a cooperation between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich (ETH) and the People’s Government of Jianchuan County.
Nearby Shibao mountain contains Buddhist rock carvings and temples of over 1300 years old with, amongst others, images of the bodhisattva Guanyin.
The two main ethnic groups of Shaxi are the Bai and Yi people.

</doc>
<doc id="21473686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473686" title="Beautiful Inside My Head Forever">
Beautiful Inside My Head Forever

Beautiful Inside My Head Forever was a two-day auction of new work at Sotheby's, London, taking place on 15 and 16 September 2008. It was unusual as Damien Hirst bypassed galleries and sold directly to the public. The sale raised £111 million ($198 million) for 218 items. The auction exceeded expectations, setting a record for a single-artist auction, occurring as the financial markets plunged.
"The Sunday Times" said that Hirst's business colleagues had "propped up" the sale prices, making purchases or bids which totalled over half of the £70.5 million spent on the first sale day: Harry Blain of the Haunch of Venison gallery said that bids were entered on behalf of clients wishing to acquire the work.
Auction.
In July 2008, Hirst announced the unusual move of by-passing his established galleries for his next show "Beautiful Inside My Head Forever" and instead selling the work directly to the public by auction at Sotheby's. This was the first time that an artist of his standing had put work directly into the public market rather than operating through a dealer and gallery, who charge larger commissions than auction houses—and in this sale Sotheby's waived seller's fees for Hirst.
Hirst said, "It's a very democratic way to sell art and it feels like a natural evolution for contemporary art. Although there is risk involved, I embrace the challenge of selling my work in this way." The star items were "The Golden Calf", an animal with 18-carat gold horns and hooves, preserved in formaldehyde, and "The Kingdom", a preserved tiger shark; other preserved animals included a zebra and a "unicorn". The sale included spot and butterfly paintings, many incorporating gold and diamonds. The Gagosian Gallery, who have sold Hirst's work for 12 years, said they would attend to make bids to buy it, and said, "As Damien's long-term gallery, we've come to expect the unexpected."
21,000 visitors viewed the show, which was restricted to 656 ticketed clients on 15 September 2008, the first night (of the two-day sale), when all 56 lots were sold for £70.5 million, exceeding the estimate of £65 million. The £10.3 million sale of "The Golden Calf" beat Hirst's previous auction record. "The Kingdom" sold for £9.6 million, more than £3 million above its estimate. The second day of the sale, taking place in the morning and afternoon, raised £41 million, making a sale total of £111 million ($198 million) for 218 items with three remaining unsold (two others were sold privately after the evening auction).
The auction was successful beyond any expectations, setting a record for a single-artist auction, and exceeding by ten times higher the existing record for the sale of a single artist's work at Sotheby's. It occurred as the financial markets plunged and on the day when Lehman Brothers went bankrupt.
Hirst's associates.
"The Sunday Times" said that three of Hirst's business colleagues, with an interest in ensuring his work maintained a high value, had "propped up" the sale prices, making between them purchases or bids which totalled over half of the £70.5 million spent on the "crucial" initial sale day: Jay Jopling won the first lot at twice the estimate with a bid just short of £1 million, and was a high bidder on "The Kingdom"; his White Cube gallery was the underbidder on lots which reached an estimated £20 million. Hirst's dealer in the United States, Larry Gagosian won one lot at £880,000, and made the second highest bid for another lot which sold for £10.3 million. Harry Blain, a co-founder of the Haunch of Venison gallery which trades in Hirst's art, underbid on two items and won two, including a cabinet at £1.3 million.
The White Cube and Gagosian declined to discuss their motivations for bidding; Blain said that bids were entered on behalf of clients wishing to acquire the work. Other dealers observed that Gagosian, White Cube and Blain all have clients wishing to acquire Hirst's work. The chief executive of the Fine Art Fund, Philip Hoffman, said there was a degree of "protectionism" and that Jopling had bid for a "lousy piece", which was likely to fare badly in the sale.
The exhibition-auction as media and marketing performance art.
At the time and afterwards the exhibition-auction has been described as a kind of marketing and media/communications performance art. In a Guardian newspaper article, Germaine Greer said, "Damien Hirst is a brand, because the art form of the 21st century is marketing. To develop so strong a brand on so conspicuously threadbare a rationale is hugely creative - revolutionary even."
The performative nature was later addressed in the exhibition at Tate Modern, "Pop Life: Art in a material world", to which critic Ben Lewis found it very offensive: "... the gallery texts have the temerity to claim that the greed-fuelled auction sale was a work of performance art in itself. That’s just the same as Stockhausen calling 9/11 a work of art." Interestingly, another kind of media intervention occurred at the time of the Sotheby's exhibition and auction, as Ben Lewis was banned from the press event. He wrote, "Only carefully vetted art critics will fill the press pen and sympathetic TV channels pack the camera podium. Several members of the press thought to be critical of Hirst has been refused accreditation – among them me."
Aftermath.
Colin Gleadell of "The Daily Telegraph" said that Gagosian, who was said to have been displeased at Hirst's decision to sell new work at auction, did not include him in a major show in Moscow.
Since the auction, Hirst has implied that contemporary art is over-priced, including his own work, whose price he plans to reduce to take account of the recession. In November, contracts were not renewed for 17 of the 22 assistants who manufacture pills for Hirst's series of drug cabinets, as well as another three who make butterfly paintings for him. Jude Tyrrell, director of Hirst's main art production company Science Ltd, said that temporary contracts had not been renewed as the result of a planned termination of certain bodies of work; Hirst had announced in July that he would cease producing medicine cabinets, as well as spin and butterfly paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="21473706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473706" title="Naira Gelashvili">
Naira Gelashvili

Naira Gelashvili () (born October 28, 1947) is a Georgian fiction writer, philologist, Germanist, and civil society activist.
Information.
Gelashvili graduated from the Faculty of Western European Literature, Tbilisi State University, in 1970. She has published a series of stories and the novel "dedis otakhi" (დედის ოთახი; "The Mother’s Room", 1985). She is one of the most ardent followers of European existentialist prose in modern Georgian literature. Gelashvili has also studied folklore of the Caucasian peoples and heads the cultural NGO The Caucasian House.

</doc>
<doc id="21473711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473711" title="Aerial bundled cable">
Aerial bundled cable

Aerial bundled cables (also aerial bundled conductors or simply ABC) are overhead power lines using several insulated phase conductors bundled tightly together, usually with a bare neutral conductor. This contrasts with the traditional practice of using uninsulated conductors separated by air gaps.
The main objections to the traditional design are that the multiple conductors are considered ugly, and external forces (such as high winds) can cause them to touch and short circuit. The resultant sparks have been a cause of bushfires in drier climates. In the UK where some supplies to rural property are converted to PME/MEN from TT Earthing system concerns have been expressed that the lower conductor alone may be broken, (by high vehicle or falling tree for example) but with the upper phase conductors intact. This is a potentially dangerous fault condition. With ABC, a simultaneous disconnection of all conductors is more likely.
In moister climates, tree growth is a significant problem for overhead power lines. Aerial bundled cables will not arc over if touched by tree branches. Although persistent rubbing is still a problem, tree-trimming costs can be reduced.
Areas with large trees and branches falling on lines are a problem for aerial bundled cables as the line degrades over time. Due to the very large strain forces cracking and breaking insulation can lead to short circuit failures which can then lead to ground fires due to dripping of molten insulation.
International usage.
Ireland.
Low voltage aerial bundled conductor (ABC) lines were first installed on the rural Irish distribution networks in 1981. It is not known where ABC was first installed.
Australia.
Aerial bundled cables (ABC) have been introduced into Australian power systems progressively since 1983. This was partly in response to bushfires sparked by old wires touching.
In some bushfire prone areas though, older Aerial Bundled Cable installations are now creating fires, particularly at points where the cables have damaged or been degraded over time.
In the Dandenong Ranges area Victoria 2014. High Voltage (11KV - 22KV) Aerial Bundled Cable is being replaced with underground cable due to high failure rates of HV ABC, with life expectancy of just 10 years, when original life was expected to be approx 30 years. Due to degraded cable, cost of repairs & maintenance and bushfire risk.
Pakistan.
K-Electric first introduced Aerial Bundled Cabling, in Gulshan-e-Iqbal area of Karachi city with 2 pilot projects. Following 90% theft loss reduction, the decision to roll out the new cabling across the entire K-Electric network of Karachi was taken on 29 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21473716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473716" title="Sadiris Master">
Sadiris Master

Jothiratnage Sadiris de Silva (died 1958), better known as Sadiris Master, was a Sri Lankan musician and actor.
Sadiris was born in Matara. He was educated at the Temple in Kalutara and studied oriental language. Sadiris later became a popular musician singing and playing Hindustani and Karnatic music. He also acted in several John de Silva plays taking the lead role; "Sirisangabo", "Wessantara". Sadiris died on April 8, 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="21473754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473754" title="Lonesome Tonight">
Lonesome Tonight

"Lonesome Tonight" is a song by British group New Order, released in April 1984 by Factory Records.
The A-side and main single was one of the group's more popular songs "Thieves Like Us" and the catalogue number for the single was FAC 103. Both tracks appear on the group's 1987 "Substance" compilation.
Like many early New Order songs, it features an extended instrumental conclusion, with Sumner's lyrics ending not quite three minutes into its playing time. The song has been played 29 times in concert.

</doc>
<doc id="21473758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473758" title="Ordre du Mérite Saharien">
Ordre du Mérite Saharien

The Ordre du Mérite saharien (Saharan Order of Merit) was established in 1958 as a reward for social, scientific, economic or administrative services rendered by French or foreign persons who participated in the development of Saharan regions. The medal is fashioned in the form of the Agades cross, a traditional emblem of the Tuareg clans of the Sultanate of Agadez, surrounding modern Agadez, Niger.
The order was deprecated by decree on 3 December 1963, and superseded by the Ordre National du Mérite. Extant members of the order are permitted to wear their original decorations.
Classes.
The Order has three classes:

</doc>
<doc id="21473760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473760" title="Angels (P-Money song)">
Angels (P-Money song)

"Angels" is a 2009 single released by New Zealand music producer P-Money.
Release and chart performance.
The single was released digitally February 8, 2009. After two days release it has currently peaked at #54 on the New Zealand iTunes Music Store and at #4 on the Dance/Electronic Singles Chart. This single was released after the highly successful single Everything.

</doc>
<doc id="21473780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473780" title="MMAA">
MMAA

Methylmalonic aciduria type A protein, mitochondrial also known as MMAA is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MMAA" gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is involved in the translocation of cobalamin into the mitochondrion, where it is used in the final steps of adenosylcobalamin synthesis. Adenosylcobalamin is a coenzyme required for the activity of methylmalonyl-CoA mutase.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the "MMAA" gene are associated with methylmalonic acidemia.

</doc>
<doc id="21473788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473788" title="MMACHC">
MMACHC

Methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type C protein also known as MMACHC is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MMACHC" gene.
Function.
The C-terminal region of the product of the MMACHC gene is similar to TonB, a bacterial protein involved in energy transduction for cobalamin uptake.
Clinical significance.
Mutations are associated with methylmalonic acidemia.

</doc>
<doc id="21473795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473795" title="MMADHC">
MMADHC

Methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type D protein, mitochondrial also known as MMADHC is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MMADHC" gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a mitochondrial protein that is involved in an early step of vitamin B12 metabolism. Vitamin B12 (cobalamin) is essential for normal development and survival in humans.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene cause methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblD (MMADHC), a disorder of cobalamin metabolism that is characterized by decreased levels of the coenzymes adenosylcobalamin and methylcobalamin.

</doc>
<doc id="21473801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473801" title="Inversion (discrete mathematics)">
Inversion (discrete mathematics)

In computer science and discrete mathematics, an inversion is a pair of places of a sequence where the elements on these places are out of their natural order.
Definitions.
Formally, let formula_1 be a sequence of "n" distinct numbers. If formula_2 and formula_3, then the pair formula_4 is called an inversion of formula_5.
The inversion number of a sequence is one common measure of its sortedness. Formally, the inversion number is defined to be the number of inversions, that is, 
Other measures of (pre-)sortedness include the minimum number of elements that can be deleted from the sequence to yield a fully sorted sequence, the number and lengths of sorted "runs" within the sequence, and the smallest number of exchanges needed to sort the sequence. Standard comparison sorting algorithms can be adapted to compute the inversion number in time .
The inversion vector "V(i)" of the sequence is defined for "i" = 2, ..., "n" as formula_7. In other words each element is the number of elements preceding the element in the original sequence that are greater than it. Note that the inversion vector of a sequence has one less element than the sequence, because of course the number of preceding elements that are greater than the first is always zero. Each permutation of a sequence has a unique inversion vector and it is possible to construct any given permutation of a (fully sorted) sequence from that sequence and the permutation's inversion vector.
Weak order of permutations.
The set of permutations on "n" items can be given the structure of a partial order, called the weak order of permutations, which forms a lattice.
To define this order, consider the items being permuted to be the integers from 1 to "n", and let Inv("u") denote the set of inversions of a permutation "u" for the natural ordering on these items. That is, Inv("u") is the set of ordered pairs ("i", "j") such that 1 ≤ "i" < "j" ≤ "n" and "u"("i") > "u"("j"). Then, in the weak order, we define "u" ≤ "v" whenever Inv("u") ⊆ Inv("v").
The edges of the Hasse diagram of the weak order are given by permutations "u" and "v" such that "u < v" and such that "v" is obtained from "u" by interchanging two consecutive values of "u". These edges form a Cayley graph for the group of permutations that is isomorphic to the skeleton of a permutohedron.
The identity permutation is the minimum element of the weak order, and the permutation formed by reversing the identity is the maximum element.
See also.
Sequences in the OEIS:

</doc>
<doc id="21473815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473815" title="Terry Spencer (RAF officer)">
Terry Spencer (RAF officer)

Squadron Leader Terence "Terry" Spencer DFC (18 March 1918 – 8 February 2009) was a World War II Royal Air Force fighter pilot, and later a war photographer for "Life" magazine.
Biography.
Terence Spencer was born in 1918 during a Zeppelin raid in Bedford, England, the son of an engineering company owner. Educated at Cheltenham College, Spencer took an engineering degree at the University of Birmingham.
Military career.
On graduation, he joined the Royal Warwickshire Regiment, and then transferred to the Royal Engineers, commissioned from Acting Lance Corporal to Second Lieutenant on 20 December 1939.
In February 1941, due to the losses of pilots during the Battle of Britain, an Army Council Instruction (ACI) was issued which stated that British Army personnel could apply to transfer to the RAF, which 18,000 officers took up.
RAF service.
Spencer transferred to the RAFVR and was commissioned on 10 October 1941 (RAF No. 47269). He completed his entire flying training in the United Kingdom, and was already a Flying Officer by the time of his posting to his first operational unit, 26 Squadron at Gatwick, in November 1942.
In June 1943, Spencer was promoted to Flight Commander of the unit, and four months later to Flight Lieutenant (WS). Having spent 15 months with 26 Squadron, he was posted to 165 (Ceylon) Squadron at Culmhead as a Flight Commander at the beginning of February 1944, flying Spitfire IXs.
Spencer was posted to No. 41 Squadron RAF as OC, A Flight, on 28 May 1944, where he flew Supermarine Spitfire Mk. XII's. Between 23 June and 28 August 1944, he claimed seven V-1 flying bombs destroyed, but an eighth is also recorded in his logbook that did not make it to the official records. One of these he succeeded in destroying by tipping it up with the wing of his aircraft, an event sketched into his logbook by fellow pilot and amateur artist, Flt Lt Tom Slack, who titled the drawing “Tip ‘em Up Terry”.
In early September 1944, Spencer led a section of four pilots on an armed reconnaissance over Belgium where they encountered two of the Luftwaffe’s highest-scoring Aces, Hptm Emil ‘Bully’ Lang, the Commanding Officer of II/JG26 (173 victories) and Lt Alfred Gross (52 victories), in FW190s over Tirlemont. Although one of his section was killed, the two Aces were shot down, Lang killed and Gross so seriously wounded that he did not return to service before the end of the War.
In November, Spencer led 41 Squadron’s advance party to Diest, arriving in Belgium almost a month ahead of the rest of the unit. He then returned to RAF Lympne to brief the Squadron on conditions at their first Continental base of the War.
Promoted to Squadron Leader, Spencer was posted to No. 350 (Belgian) Squadron on 4 January 1945. On 26 February 1945, he was hit by flak in the Rheine-Lingen area of Germany and captured. Just over a month later, when the camp's main gate was left open, he escaped by bicycle, and subsequently motorcycle, with another ex-41 Squadron pilot, Sqn Ldr K. F. ‘Jimmy’ Thiele, in a Steve-McQueen-style getaway, in which the pair made it back to Allied lines.
Rejoining 350 Squadron, he once again took over command between 2 and 19 April 1945. On this latter date, he was shot down once again, this time by rocket fire while strafing a trawler in Wismar Bay. He succeeded in baling out and deploying his parachute at a height of just , which he miraculously survived, only to be captured again. The successful jump has since been credited by the Guinness Book of Records as having been the lowest authenticated survived bail-out on record.
Spencer was injured and hospitalised, but liberated by advancing Allied armies approximately two weeks later. Spencer was awarded an immediate DFC for his exploits and, in 1947, was also awarded the Territorial Efficiency Medal and the Belgian Croix de Guerre with Palm.
The citation for his DFC on 22 June 1945 read, 
Photographic career.
In February 1946 after being demobilised, Spencer was asked by the Percival Aircraft Company to ferry solo a Percival Proctor, a small single-engine plane, without radio, dinghy or emergency supplies, on an flight to South Africa.
Based outside Johannesburg Spencer and his wife started a successful aerial photography business based around a Piper Cub. In 1952, he started shooting for "LIFE" magazine, covering war stories in African continent, including Sharpville and the Congo Crisis, many of the independence struggles in emerging African nations, the horrors of apartheid, Nelson Mandela on the run and Jomo Kenyatta in detention.
In 1962 he returned to England to photograph "Swinging London". While there, at the request of his daughter Cara, Spencer followed the (at the time largely unknown) band The Beatles, and documented them for several months and shooting more than 5,000 pictures. It resulted in a definitive pictorial book on the band "It Was 30 Years Ago Today". Commissioned by "LIFE" to shoot in other war torn locations, he covered the Vietnam War, crises in the Middle East, Indonesia, and Cuba after the Bay of Pigs Invasion.
His work with the Beatles, in particular, resulted in him shooting celebrity stories for "People" magazine, the originals and classification of which were stored in the libraries of Rockarchive, although the copyright has since passed to Spencer's daughters. His subjects included celebrities such as Freddie Mercury, Bob Dylan, Ava Gardner, Katharine Hepburn, Princess Grace of Monaco, Richard Branson, and John Cleese.
Personal life.
Spencer met the English actress Lesley Brook on a blind date, and they were married in 1947. The couple had two daughters, and a son died in infancy. Spencer died in hospital in Odiham, Hampshire of cancer, aged 90, less than 24 hours after his wife of 62 years died.
In 2002, Spencer and Brook co-authored a book about their lives, titled "Living Dangerously" (Percival). Although the original is out of print, his daughters released an updated edition on 27 June 2012. The book's (re-)release coincided with the launch of a website of Spencer's archive of photographs taken whilst working for Life, Time and People magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="21473836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473836" title="Shimodate-Nikōmae Station">
Shimodate-Nikōmae Station


</doc>
<doc id="21473852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473852" title="1927 Buffalo Bisons (NFL) season">
1927 Buffalo Bisons (NFL) season

The 1927 Buffalo Bisons season was their eighth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–4–2, losing five games and winning none. They finished twelfth (last) in the league.
The "Buffalo/Texas Rangers" experiment from the previous season was discontinued (the city's cold weather was the primary reason), and previous head coach Jim Kendrick left the team for the New York Giants. Reverting to the Bisons name, a man with the name Dim Batterson was named as head coach. 
The team failed to score a single point in all but one game, resulting in a 1.6 point per game average, a near-record low offensive output. The Bisons suspended operations five games into the season and would not return until 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="21473861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473861" title="Givro">
Givro


</doc>
<doc id="21473864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473864" title="Orimoto Station">
Orimoto Station


</doc>
<doc id="21473869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473869" title="Harley Ministry">
Harley Ministry

The Harley Ministry was a British government that existed between 1710 and 1714 in the reign of Queen Anne. It was headed by Robert Harley and composed largely of Tories. Harley was a former Whig who had changed sides, bringing down the seemingly powerful Whig Junto. The Ministry vigorously pushed for a peace to end the War of the Spanish Succession, leading to the Treaty of Utrecht. Foreign affairs were largely conducted by Viscount Bolingbroke. The Ministry successfully prosecuted Robert Walpole over charges of profiteering and had him imprisoned in the Tower of London.
The government fell following Anne's death in 1714. The new King George I was not comfortable with Harley or Bolingbroke, whom he believed had opposed the Hanoverian Succession and instead supported the Jacobite pretenders. They were replaced by the Townshend Ministry, beginning the Whig Ascendency, and it would be nearly fifty years before a Tory Ministry gained office again in 1762. Both Harley and Bolingbroke were forced into exile, along with many of their followers after being accused of treason.

</doc>
<doc id="21473881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473881" title="Higuchi Station (Ibaraki)">
Higuchi Station (Ibaraki)


</doc>
<doc id="21473910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473910" title="Kugeta Station">
Kugeta Station


</doc>
<doc id="21473918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473918" title="Terauchi Station">
Terauchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21473931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473931" title="Escape from Alcatraz (album)">
Escape from Alcatraz (album)

Escape from Alcatraz is the fourth solo album by rapper Rasco and the first on his own label, Pockets Linted.

</doc>
<doc id="21473937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473937" title="Mooka Station">
Mooka Station


</doc>
<doc id="21473951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473951" title="Rachel Vincent">
Rachel Vincent

Rachel Vincent is an American author best known for her "Shifters" series, a present-day urban fantasy series about a female werecat.
Biography.
An Oklahoma native and recent transplant into the deep south, Rachel Vincent has a BA in English (University of Central Oklahoma, '00).
Vincent is a member of Romance Writers of America.
Together with Devon Monk,
Jackie Kessler,
Jenna Black,
Karen Mahoney,
Keri Arthur,
Lilith Saintcrow,
Rinda Elliott, and
Toni Andrews, she also belongs to the writing group the "Deadline Dames".
Bibliography.
Faythe Sanders/ The Shifters Series.
Faythe Sanders is a female werecat, struggling to establish her place in the Pride led by her father.
The first six books are available as audiobooks.
Stray.
Stray is the first book of the Shifter Series, in which Faythe Sanders, the main character, is introduced. She is a werecat desperately trying to escape her world and live free as any normal 'human' girl her age would. Her responsibilities as a werecat include marriage and childbearing, none of which she is ready for. While away at Graduate school, Faythe is visited by her ex-fiance, Marc Ramos, who is there to inform her that there have been two tabby kidnappings. Tabbies, or female werecats are rare and therefore valuable to the werecat community. One small mistake causes Faythe to get kidnapped herself.
Rogue.
Rogue is the second book of the Shifter Series. Faythe finds herself an enforcer, or protector of her Pride. She has gotten back together with her ex-fiance, Marc Ramos, but is still not willing to marry him, convinced that her life would be over if she did. Faythe discovers that her human ex-boyfriend, Andrew, has become a werecat himself, a Stray (a werecat not born into a Pride, a person who was scratched or bitten by a werecat, and turned into a werecat). Faythe discovers that she accidentally turned Andrew into a werecat and he wants to kill her for it.
Pride.
In Pride, Faythe Sanders is fully aware that her father intends on making her Alpha of the Pride when he retires. Unfortunately, she finds herself on trial by the Territorial Council for infecting Andrew, her human ex-boyfriend. While on trial, an amazing discovery is made, a young tabby is found. She is malnourished and has been wandering in the woods for months. Kaci, the young tabby, gradually comes to trust Faythe and confesses where she came from and what happened to her.
Prey.
In Prey, Faythe realizes that she may have feelings for Jace, while she loves Marc. Marc gets kidnapped and Faythe does everything she can to find him. She discovers that Calvin Malone is acting dishonorably against her Pride and trying to take over the Territorial Council, once run by her father, Greg Sanders. Faythe realizes that in order to restore power in the right places she needs to show the Territorial Council what kind of man Calvin Malone is.
Shift.
Faythe and the rest of her Pride are seeking revenge for the murder of her brother Ethan. Ethan's girlfriend Angela informed Faythe that she is pregnant with Ethan's baby, but Faythe is still in mourning and has no time to address the issue. Jace pursues Faythe, despite her plea for more time to decide what to do. She knows she loves Marc, but realizes that she has feelings for Jace as well. Calvin Malone sends Thunderbirds to start killing Faythe's Pride members, so Faythe must act fast to help her keep her Pride safe. Marc finds out about Faythe's infidelity with Jace and tells her that she must choose.
Alpha.
Everything is about to change for werecat Faythe when her father is ousted from the council that controls their secret world. And a shocking tragedy jeopardizes her future as Alpha of the pride.
Now a rebel on the run, Faythe's biggest fight lies ahead. Old allies from the supernatural world are ready to stand by her side. And Weretoms Marc and Jace would give their very soul in the duel for Faythe's heart...
Yet as their enemies draw near Faythe knows that she and she alone - can lead the pride into what may be their final battle.
Soul Screamer Series.
Kaylee Cavanaugh wants to be a normal schoolgirl but she possesses a strange power.
She doesn't see dead people, but she can sense when somebody nearby is about to die: when that happens she is compelled to "scream bloody murder".
Reaper.
In this ebook prequel, Tod Hudson tells his side of things and his choices after death. Life... Death... or something Between...
My Soul to Lose.
A prequel novella to the Soul Screamer series, released as a free PDF ebook download.
My Soul to Take.
In the first full length novel, Kaylee begins the story not knowing anything about her "bean sidhe" nature, and when young, healthy girls begin dropping dead for no apparent reason, Kaylee is forced to sing their soul song. She meets Nash Hudson, also a "bean sidhe", and together along with Tod, Nash's older brother who is also a reaper and a bean sidhe, they try to piece together the mystery of the unnerving deaths. Along the way, Kaylee learns that she is not human, and that her mother, who died when she was only a toddler, had died in Kaylee's place. She is now essentially living on borrowed time - her mother's time.
My Soul to Save.
In the second story in the series, Nash's grim reaper brother Tod enlists Kaylee's and Nash's help protecting his pop princess ex-girlfriend Addison. The teenage singer had sold her soul for fame and fortune, but she didn't read the fine print in her contract. If Kaylee and Nash fail to save her, she will spend an eternity being tortured in the Netherworld.
My Soul to Keep.
In the third story in the series, demon's breath is let loose on Earth and humans are becoming addicted. In trying to solve this problem, Kaylee faces a betrayal... is this how life for a "bean sidhe" supposed to be?
My Soul to Steal.
In book four, trying to work things out with Nash—her maybe boyfriend—is hard enough for Kaylee Cavanaugh. She can’t just pretend nothing happened. But “complicated” doesn’t even begin to describe their relationship when his ex-girlfriend transfers to their school. She's Sabine and a mara, the living personification of a nightmare. And she's deathly determined to take Nash back.
If I Die.
In the fifth book, Kaylee's borrowed lifeline is ticking away quickly, but she has a new problem. The hot new teacher is really an incubus, who feeds from the desire of unsuspecting students.
Before I Wake.
The sixth book, expected publication: 2012
Covering up her own murder was one thing, but faking life is much harder than Kaylee Cavanaugh expected. After weeks spent “recovering,” she’s back in school, fighting to stay visible to the human world, struggling to fit in with her friends and planning time alone with her new reaper boyfriend.
But to earn her keep in the human world, Kaylee must reclaim stolen souls, and when her first assignment brings her face-to-face with an old foe, she knows the game has changed. Her immortal status won’t keep her safe. And this time Kaylee isn’t just gambling with her own life….
With All My Soul.
What does it mean when your school is voted the most dangerous in America? It's time to kick some hellion butt...After not really surviving her junior year (does "undead" count as survival?), Kaylee Cavanaugh has vowed to take back her school from the hellions causing all the trouble. She's going to find a way to turn the incarnations of Avarice, Envy and Vanity against one another in order to protect her friends and finish this war, once and forever.But then she meets Wrath and understands that she's closer to the edge than she's ever been. And when one more person close to her is taken, Kaylee realizes she can't save everyone she loves without risking everything she has...
Unbound Series.
Blood Bound.
Olivia Warren is a paranormal tracker who tracks best with the scent of blood but can also track by name. When her friend she hasn't seen for six years Annika/Anne's daughter (Hadley) goes missing, Liv has no choice but to find the girl. Because a second oath made in her childhood that made the first one invalid was burned while the first oath is still in tact means Liv can't rest until the child is anywhere safe and the Murderer of her Father dead. She must break one of her first rules- TRUST NO ONE- because Anne insists she work with and trust her former lover Cameron Caballero in order to accomplish the task.
On the way she finds out Anne isn't Hadley's real mother and to keep Hadley safe she must trust in another old friend who works for/is bound to the people they're trying to keep Hadley away from.
While all this chaos is going on Liv is trying to get away from her past, while Cam is trying to find out her past and help her.
Shadow Bound.
If you live in the dark long enough, you begin to forget the light…
KORI DANIELS is a shadow-walker, able to travel instantly from one shadow to another. After weeks of confinement for betraying her boss, she’s ready to break free of the Tower syndicate for good. But Jake Tower has one final job for Kori, one chance to secure freedom for herself and her sister, Kenley, even if that means taking it from someone else…
The job? Recruit Ian Holt—or kill him.
Ian’s ability to manipulate the dark has drawn interest from every syndicate in the world, most notably an invitation from Jake Tower. Though he has no interest in organized crime, Ian accepts the invite, because he’s on a mission of his own.
Ian has come to kill Tower’s top Binder: Kori’s little sister.
Amid the tangle of lies, an unexpected thread of truth connecting Ian and Kori comes to light. But with opposing goals, they’ll have to choose between love and liberty….
Oath Bound.
The Tower Syndicate will fall...
The secret daughter of the head of an infamous Skilled crime family, Sera Brandt has hidden her past,
her potential, and especially her powers. But when a tragedy strikes her other family, Sera needs justice.
And the only way to get it is to reveal her heritage – including a rare Skill – and take the reins of the Tower Syndicate from her cunning and malicious aunt.
If he can figure out how...
Kristopher Daniels might have the answer. He's fought the syndicate to protect his sisters, but he'd never realized just
how close to the new heir he needed to get...
And if they can survive...
Neither is used to trusting. But there's something between them that can't be ignored. And so Sera is on the run with a man she can't figure out, a target on her back and the new knowledge of just how powerful she really is….
Anthologies.
The Mammoth Book of Vampire Romance.
Rachel Vincent's "The Mid-Day Mangler Meets His Match," is set in an alternate reality where everyone is a vampire, is the story of a teenager who finds use for her vestigial fangs when she must fight to save her little sister from a serial killer.
Immortal: Love Stories With Bite.
Rachel Vincent's contribution, "Binge" is a story based in the Soul Screamer universe. It is about a "leanan sidhe" who is able to inspire the musician she loves to new creative heights. There is a twist, she must fight the urge to drain him and his talent.
Kiss Me Deadly: 13 Tales of Paranormal Love.
Rachel Vincent's story takes place in the Soul Screamers universe, two years before the start of the series. "Fearless" features a tough, emotionally damaged Nightmare named Sabine, who's just been sentenced to a state-run halfway house for girls. Now fighting a psychic drought and an enemy in her midst, her only comfort is the love of her life - Soul Screamers leading man Nash Hudson.
Chicks Kick Butt.
Rachel Vincent’s contribution, “Hunt,” is a Shifters world short story featuring Abby, Faythe’s cousin from Stray.
Enthralled: Paranormal Diversions.
Rachel Vincent’s contribution, “Niederwald,” is a Soul Screamers short story featuring Sabine the mara and Emma, Kaylee’s human best friend, on a road trip gone wrong.

</doc>
<doc id="21473964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473964" title="Red (Datarock album)">
Red (Datarock album)

Red is the second album by Norwegian Dance-punk duo Datarock, released on 8. June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21473967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473967" title="Kita-Mooka Station">
Kita-Mooka Station


</doc>
<doc id="21473968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473968" title="Fast5 Netball World Series">
Fast5 Netball World Series

The Fast5 Netball World Series is an international netball competition that was contested for the first time in October 2009. The new competition features modified "Fast5" rules, and has been likened to Twenty20 cricket and rugby sevens. The competition is scheduled to be held annually in England until at least 2011, and will be contested by the six top national netball teams in the world, according to the IFNA World Rankings.
Background.
Before 2008, the major competitions in international netball were the Netball World Championships and the netball event of the Commonwealth Games, both held every four years. First-tier national teams also participated in yearly test series, with others playing in regional events. However, several significant changes in international netball occurred in 2008. Changes to international test rules were finalised at an International Federation of Netball Associations (IFNA) congress in Auckland in 2007, and progressively rolled out across netball-playing countries the following year. The IFNA also introduced a new world rankings system to compare the performances of national teams. In England, a campaign was started advocating netball's inclusion in the Olympic Games, as a demonstration sport in 2012 and potentially as a competitive sport from 2016. In the Southern Hemisphere, the sport attained semi-professional status in Australia and New Zealand with the introduction of the ANZ Championship.
Also, in December 2008 a new international netball competition was announced, the World Netball Series, to be contested in 2009 under modified rules. The new rules had been trialled by England junior and senior squads over a 12-month period. DVDs were sent to coaches of the participating teams for consultation. Some of the new rules were announced in December 2008, including six-minute playing quarters and power plays; others were announced in February 2009.
Prior to the 2012 edition the rules were revamped and renamed Fast5.
Format.
The competition is held over three days, and is played under Fast5 rules. Each team plays each other once during the first two days in a round-robin format. The four highest-scoring teams from this stage progress to the finals, played on the final day of competition, in which the 1st-ranked team plays the 4th-ranked team, while 2nd plays 3rd. The winners of these two matches contest the Grand Final; the remaining teams contest the third- and fifth-place playoffs.
Venues.
The first three editions of the tournament were held in England. Initially, Manchester was to host all three seasons in England at the MEN Arena. The venue is the largest indoor arena in Europe, capable of seating around 20,000 spectators. However, the 2010 tournament was held in Liverpool at the Echo Arena,as will the 2011 tournament.
In 2012 the tournament was hosted in Auckland's Vector Arena.
Organisation.
The World Netball Series is organised by the International Netball Federation (INF), in conjunction with the national governing bodies of the six competing nations each year, UK Sport and the host city's local council. England Netball covers air travel, accommodation, food and local travel expenses for all teams during the competition, while the respective netball governing bodies cover player allowances.
Reception.
Australian coach Norma Plummer greeted the new tournament positively: "If you want your sport to keep growing these days, it's got to become up with the times and keep having innovations that make the game exciting for not only the players, but all the spectators." But Plummer also expressed some reservations about power plays being used against substantially weaker teams, and also about penalty shootouts and the new centre pass rule.
Netball New Zealand (NNZ) Chief Executive Raelene Castle stated that she was "excited about what the new competition could bring to the ever-increasing profile of Netball internationally". However, Castle also acknowledged that the shortened version of the game "may not be for everyone". New Zealand netball and basketball player Donna Wilkins also stated her concerns about the sport becoming too similar to basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="21473979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473979" title="Nishidai Station (Tochigi)">
Nishidai Station (Tochigi)


</doc>
<doc id="21473990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473990" title="Helmet (heraldry)">
Helmet (heraldry)

In heraldic achievements, the helmet or helm is situated above the shield and bears the torse and crest. The style of helmet displayed varies according to rank and social status, and these styles developed over time, in step with the development of actual military helmets. In some traditions, especially German and Nordic heraldry, two or three helmets (and sometimes more) may be used in a single achievement of arms, each representing a fief to which the bearer has a right. For this reason, the helmets and crests in German and Nordic arms are considered to be essential to the coat of arms and are never separated from it.
Open-visored or barred helmets are typically reserved to the highest ranks of nobility, while lesser nobility and burghers typically assume closed helms. While these classifications remained relatively constant, the specific forms of all these helmets varied and evolved over time. The evolution of these heraldic helmets followed the evolution of combat techniques and tourneying in the Middle Ages. The practice of indicating rank through the display of barred or open-face helmets did not appear until around 1615, however, long after the practice of heraldry had been established. As jousting with lances was supplanted by tourneying with maces, the object being to knock the opponent's crest off his helmet, the fully enclosed helmet gave way to helmets with enlarged visual openings with only a few bars to protect the face. These barred helmets were restricted by the imperial chancellery in Vienna to the nobility and certain doctors of law or theology, while the jousting helm was freely adopted by anyone. The direction a helmet faces and the number of bars on the grille have been ascribed special significance in later manuals, but this is not a period practice. A king's helmet, a golden helmet shown affronté with the visor raised, crowned with a royal crown, became adopted by the kings of Prussia. In ecclesiastical heraldry, bishops and other clergy use a mitre or other rank-appropriate ecclesiastical hat in place of a helmet. 
Historically, however, the helmet was not specifically granted in an achievement of arms, but was naturally assumed by appropriate rank as a matter of "inherent right", so a helmet with torse and mantling would not be misplaced even above a shield which had no crest to place above it. When multiple crests need to be depicted, the time honoured practice in English heraldry is to draw the crests above a single helmet, each being separated from it, while in German heraldry, where multiple crests appear frequently after the 16th century, each crest is always treated as inseparable from its own helmet and turned in agreement with the helmet. In continental Europe, multiple helmets were usually turned inward, with the center helm (if an odd number) turned affrontê, while in Scandinavian heraldry the helmets were usually turned outward. The arms of the last margraves of Brandenburg-Ansbach consist of a shield with 21 quarterings topped with a record thirteen helmets and crests.
The usage of heraldic helmets in Britain is as follows: Gold helmet with bars for the Royal Family; Silver helmet with gold bars for peers; Steel helmet with gold bars for the non-peerage Scottish feudal baron; Open steel helmet shown affronté for knights and baronets; Steel tournament helm for Scottish clan chiefs; Closed steel helmet for esquires and gentlemen.

</doc>
<doc id="21473998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21473998" title="Kitayama Station (Tochigi)">
Kitayama Station (Tochigi)


</doc>
<doc id="21474009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474009" title="Mashiko Station">
Mashiko Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474014" title="Fuscoporia torulosa">
Fuscoporia torulosa

Fuscoporia torulosa is a species of bracket fungus in the "Fuscoporia" genus, family Hymenochaetaceae. A wood-decay fungus, it causes a white rot of heartwood in dead and living hardwood trees in Europe, and in coniferous trees in North America. Until recently, this species was known as "Phellinus torulosus". However, a phylogenetic study in 2001 resulted in the "Phellinus" genus being split into five new genera, and "P. torulosus" being renamed to "Fuscoporia torulosa".
Description.
The fruiting bodies of this species are semicircular or shell-shaped, with dimensions of broad by long. The brackets are typically thick, although it can be considerably thicker at the point of the broad attachment to the tree. Ryvarden and Gilbertson give maximum fruiting body dimensions of wide by long by thick. The fruiting body margin is rounded, and sometimes wavy, felt-like or tomentose on the flattened upper surface, which is typically orange-brown to rusty-brown in color. The color of the lower pore-bearing surface is cinnamon-, rust-, or olivaceous-brown, and there are 5 to 6 pores per millimeter.
Microscopic features.
Basidiospores are ovoid or ellipsoid, hyaline, smooth, with dimensions of 4–6 × 3–4 µm. The basidia are club-shaped, 4-spored, with dimensions of 14–16 × 5–6 µm.
Habitat and distribution.
Although its preferred host is "Quercus", "Fuscoporia torulosa" has been reported growing on a variety of hardwood trees: "Acer", "Arbutus", "Calluna", "Castanea", "Celtis", "Ceratonia", "Cercis", "Cistus", "Citrus", "Cornus", "Cratageus", "Cydonia", "Erica", "Eucalyptus", "Euonymus", "Fagus", "Fraxinus", "Grevillea", "Helianthemum", "Juglans", "Laurus", "Malus", "Melaleuca", "Morus", "Myrtus", "Olea", "Ostrya", "Parrotia", "Phillyrea", "Pistacia", "Pittosporium", "Populus", "Prunus", "Punica", "Pryus", "Robinia", "Rosa", "Salix", "Spartium", "Ulex", "Ulmus", "Viburnum", "Vitus", and, more rarely, conifers like "Cedrus", "Cupressus", "Larix", "Picea", and "Pinus". Recently, "F. torulosa" has been reported as infecting more than 160 species of plants; most of these infections results in the plant's premature death.
Modern identification techniques.
Production of visible fruiting bodies by "F. torulosa" does not happen until long after the tree has been initially infected, as it takes some time for the fungal mycelia to colonize the host. For this reason it often escapes detection until it is too late to save the tree. In 2007, a rapid detection method was reported that uses DNA technology, specifically the polymerase chain reaction, to enable detection of fungal mycelia in infected tissues in roughly six hours.

</doc>
<doc id="21474017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474017" title="Nanai Station">
Nanai Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474024" title="Tatara Station (Tochigi)">
Tatara Station (Tochigi)


</doc>
<doc id="21474025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474025" title="Mountain breeze and valley breeze">
Mountain breeze and valley breeze

A mountain breeze and a valley breeze are two related, localized winds that occur one after the other on a daily cycle. They are not the same as katabatic winds, which are larger and stronger.
Mountain and valley breezes form through a process similar to sea and land breezes. During the day, the sun heats up valley air rapidly. Convection causes it to rise, causing a warm, upslope wind. At night, the process is reversed. Mountain air cools rapidly at night and "falls" downslope, causing a wind going in the other direction.

</doc>
<doc id="21474031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474031" title="Ichihana Station">
Ichihana Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474040" title="Sasaharada Station">
Sasaharada Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474044" title="Wireless identification and sensing platform">
Wireless identification and sensing platform

A wireless identification and sensing platform (WISP) is an RFID (radio-frequency identification) device that supports sensing and computing: a microcontroller powered by radio-frequency energy. 
That is, like a passive RFID tag, WISP is powered and read by a standard off-the-shelf RFID reader, harvesting the power it uses from the reader's emitted radio signals. To an RFID reader, a WISP is just a normal EPC gen1 or gen2 tag; but inside the WISP, the harvested energy is operating a 16-bit general purpose microcontroller. The microcontroller can perform a variety of computing tasks, including sampling sensors, and reporting that sensor data back to the RFID reader. WISPs have been built with light sensors, temperature sensors, and strain gauges. Some contain accelerometers. 
WISPs can write to flash and perform cryptographic computations. The WISP was originally developed by Intel Research Seattle, but after their closure development work has continued at the Sensor Systems Laboratory at the University of Washington in Seattle.
Implementation.
The WISP consists of a board with power harvesting circuitry, demodulator, modulator, microcontroller, external sensors, and other components such as EEPROM and LED.
Applications.
WISPs have been used for light level measurement, acceleration sensing, cold chain monitoring (passive data logging), and cryptography and security applications.

</doc>
<doc id="21474047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474047" title="Ten'yaba Station">
Ten'yaba Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474059" title="The Moscoviad">
The Moscoviad

The Moscoviad is an English translation of the short novel "Московіада" (1993) written by the Ukrainian author Yuri Andrukhovych. "The Moscoviad" was translated from the original Ukrainian into English by Vitaly Chernetsky. It may be regarded as a part of the trilogy which also includes Perverzion and Recreations. The three novels are not logically connected but all of them feature the postmodern style and deal with the same type of the protagonist — a picaresque Ukrainian poet. "The Moscoviad" depicts the adventures of Otto Vilgelmovych von F. which take place in the course of one day in 1992 in Moscow shown as a diverse, multicultural and disorganized city controlled by KGB and having imperial ambitions. The text is written in a rich and vivid language, exhibiting the elements of magic realism and mentioning multiple historical and cultural figures. Although the original text's language is Ukrainian, it contains many sentences in Russian and German spelled in Ukrainian for a more pronounced comic effect.
Plot summary.
Although the novel has one clearly defined plot of action, the narrative is sometimes interrupted by the hero's reminiscences as well as by his appeals to the fictitious Ukrainian king Olelko the Second. Other non-linear elements include alternative outcomes (endings) and multiple references to famous historical and cultural figures who do not appear directly in the novel.
A condensed plot of action follows.
The Ukrainian poet Otto von F. wakes up in his Moscow dormitory room. He comes down to take a shower in the basement where he makes love to an unknown Malagasy girl. Returning from the shower to his room, he discovers his three older friends (Yura Holitsyn, Arnold Horobets and Boris Roitman) who talk him into going to a bar with them. At the bar (bar-na-Fonvizina), a dirty disreputable hole teeming with alcoholics and sluts, the four friends consume a large quantity of low-quality beer. Otto pronounces a speech that calls for Ukraine's separation from Russia, to everyone's applause.
Soon Otto departs because he has an appointment with his colleague Kyryl at Kyryl's apartment. But before seeing Kyryl he has to buy presents for his friends' children at the big superstore "Dytiachyi Svit". On the way to the store Otto decides to visit his girlfriend Halya, a snake tamer. At Halya's he consumes some vodka, makes love to her, and, after getting into fight with her, narrowly escapes, leaving his cloak and audio-cassette with Mike Oldfield's music behind.
He stops by at a cheap and dirty restaurant and narrowly escapes unhurt as it explodes. At "Dytiachyi Svit" he visits a man's room where he walks past a middle-aged man of Southern or possibly Roma origin whom he at first takes for a homosexual and nicknames "the baron". Soon afterwards he discovers that his wallet has disappeared from his backpack and realizes that only the baron could possibly steal it. The wallet contains some money, but, most importantly, a plane ticket to Kiev which was very hard to obtain. Otto pursues the baron who has just disappeared behind one of the doors that leads to the storage rooms of "Dytiachyi Svit". The wild chase through a maze of basement corridors ends in a brief encounter between the two. The baron is victorious as Otto groans on the floor with an injured leg. The triumphant baron, however, falls through an open sewer hatch by oversight, thus leaving Otto alone in the basement. Otto realizes that the store must be closed by now and all the doors leading to the top must be locked. After some attempts he stumbles across a door that opens but when he steps inside he finds himself inside a tunnel of the Moscow subway.
He is soon arrested by armed rat-catchers who promptly deliver him to the hands of KGB, still underground. Otto, himself formerly recruited by KGB, is locked in a cage but is unexpectedly presented to Halya who, as he learns, is another KGB spy. She helps him to get out, and after fooling security guards Otto enters a large hall where a banquet is taking place. This is a celebration of KGB and perhaps some other clandestine governmental organizations. He runs into his old acquaintance, the poet Yezhevikin who also seems to be a KGB agent. Some drinking ensues, and Yezhevikin procures a couple of prostitutes for himself and Otto. But the latter, under the influence of the mix of the alcoholic drinks consumed in the course of the day, is unable to contain himself and rushes to a bathroom where he throws up. In the bathroom he meets an old man who, after some admonition, assists Otto to attend a symposium of the dead. To get there, Otto must wear a mask and he chooses the mask of a clown. Once inside, he sees a number of masked figures who represent the powerful leaders from the Russian history – Ivan the Terrible, Lenin, Dzerzhinsky etc. A terrible plot is brewing. A mysterious figure in a black pantyhose pulled over its head announces a plan to amass the power of the Empire at the expense of subjugating other countries (Finland, France, Israel etc.) and turning its citizens into docile slaves. Otto faces a choice – either to sit back and let the plan go ahead, or to do something to defuse it. He borrows a gun from a KGB agent who is demoted as a consequence of Otto's escape, and shoots the Russian leaders, one by one. They tumble down as sacks stuffed with straw. Then Otto shoots himself.
But later he reappears alive and boards a train to Kiev as Moscow is destroyed in a giant flood.

</doc>
<doc id="21474060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474060" title="Reggae en Español">
Reggae en Español

Reggae en Español (in English, Spanish Reggae) is reggae and dancehall music recorded in the Spanish language by artists of Latin American origin. It originated in the mid-1970s in Panama and further developed in the 1980s in Puerto Rico. "Reggae en Español" goes by several names: in Puerto Rico it is called "Roots en Español" while in Panama it is called "La Plena", not to be confused with Afro-Puertorican plena although closely related. In 2000's it had a major scene in parts of Mexico, with a little influence of reggae(from Jamaica) and reggaeton from Puerto Rico.
Currently, "Reggae en Español" contains three main sub-genres: reggae 110, reggae bultrón and romantic flow. In addition, and although technically they would not fall into the category of Reggae en Español because their beats are not directly derived from Jamaican dancehall rhythms, Reggae en Español also includes two music fusions: reggae soca and reggaeton.
History.
Early developments.
Reggae as a musical genre has its origins in Jamaica, and it became popular throughout the 1970s in the black-immigrant communities of the other British West Indies, North America, and Great Britain. Jamaican reggae was embraced in the Spanish-speaking world first in Panama by the descendants of black workers that immigrated to the Isthmus during the construction of the Panama Railroad (mid-19th century), the railways for the banana companies (late 19th century), and the Panama Canal (early 20th century). Prior to the period of construction of the Panama Canal (1904–1915), most of the Afro-Caribbean communities in Panama were of Jamaican descent, but with the construction of the canal these communities grew in diversity with immigrants from other parts of the Caribbean such as Barbados, Martinique, Guadeloupe, Haiti, Trinidad, Dominica, French and British Guyana and other Caribbean Islands.
In 1977, a Guyanese immigrant who went by the nickname "Guyana", along with a local DJ known as "Wassabanga" introduced for first time the reggae rhythms in Panama with lyrics in Spanish. Wassabanga's music along with later interpreters such as Rastanini and Calito Soul, were perhaps the first remarkable cases of Reggae en Español, at a time when many Panamanians were already developing a musical and spiritual bond with the Mecca of reggae music (Kingston, Jamaica), a bond catalyzed mainly by the call to arms issued by the music of Bob Marley.
First generation.
In 1984, Hernando Brin produced the first record in the world of Reggae in Spanish on vinyl, called "Treadmit", composed by Calvin Calderon (Omega), Hactor Wakler, Erick Green (Gringo) and Hernando Brin (Super Nandi). The record was produced by record label Prodim in Panama, and it included the first song by Rastanini called "Padre Por Favor Educa a los Niños" ("Father Please Educate the Children").
In the early-mid-1980s, Panamanians like Renato, El General, Nando Boom, El Maleante, and Chicho Man started to take Jamaican dancehall songs and beats, singing over them with Spanish lyrics, most of the time preserving the melodies and the rhythms. They also sped up riddims, and added Hispanic and Latino elements to them. This style was called "Reggae en Español" or "Spanish Reggae". The music continued to grow throughout the 1980s, with many stars developing in Panama.
Between the 1980s and 1990s, the Panamanian artist Chicho Man emerged as one of the greater exponents of Panamanian reggae. In his short five-year career as an artist, he introduced the "romantic" element in Spanish Reggae, and produced only one LP which included songs like "La Noche Que Te Conocí", "Lady in Red", "Llega Navidad", "Muévela", "No Quiero Ir a Isla Coiba" and "Un Nuevo Estilo". His songs were recorded in a warehouse, where a Panamanian producer called "Calito LPD" produced reggae instrumental tracks and recorded them in cassette. After serving a term in US prison he announced his withdrawal from the reggae scene to become a Christian preacher.
Second generation.
In the 1990s, the genre had grown in Panama. In 1996, came artists such as Aldo Ranks, El Renegado, Jam & Suppose who sang the hit "Camión Lleno de Gun". Jr. Ranks and Tony Bull already had good records with late singer Danger Man and they formed the musical group called The Killamanjaros. By the other side in the year 1991, the singer Apache Ness with Papa Chan, Kafu Banton, Calito Soul, Wassa Banga, and Original Dan decided to join forces and create the foundation "One Love One Blood" singing about urban street experiences under the rhythm called "reggae bultrón".
Later in Panama, the romanticism had been mixed with the reggae and the "reggae romántico" ("romantic reggae"), now better known as "romantic flow", was born. Those who keep alive the reggae with romantic lyrics are the following: Flex (aka Nigga), El Roockie, El Aspirante, Kathy Phillips, Eddy Lover, Tommy Real, Makano, Catherine, as well as groups like: Raíces y Cultura and La Factoría who became famous by the Panamanian producer Irving DiBlasio.
In 1996, considered the golden age of Panamanian reggae, appeared the productions "Los Cuentos de la Cripta" and "La Mafia" by the producer El Chombo, with songs like: "Las Chicas Quieren Chorizo" ("The Girls Want Chorizo") by Wassabanga, "El Cubo de Leche" sung by Jam & Suppose and "Estaban Celebrando" by Aldo Ranks.
In 1997, the first Puerto Rican artists who visited Panama were: Ivy Queen, Baby Rasta & Gringo, with productions like "Cierra los Ojos Bien" by Baby Rasta and "Reggae Respect" by Ivy Queen. 
In 1999, the Panamanian reggaeton became accepted internationally on productions as: "Papi Chulo" by Lorna, "El Gato Volador" ("The Flying Cat") by Los Cracker Jack composed by Carlos Córdoba and Steve Valois, with the producer El Chombo in the productions of "Los Cuentos de la Cripta 3", under Sony Music.
Later, the Panamanian productions divided into reggae 110, dancehall and roots reggae, with peace and reflexion lyrics, like in Jamaican reggae. Today the Reggae en Español market is controlled by many Puerto Rican musicians and bands, such as Cultura Profética, which have been very successful.
Reggaeton.
Reggae en Español is the antecessor of the reggaeton popularized in Puerto Rico. Reggaeton is of Jamaican, Panamanian and Puerto Rican origin and is based on a percussion/drum pattern known as "Dem Bow". Reggae en Español, on the other hand, comes to resemble Jamaican reggae and dancehall in most aspects. Musicians who play Reggae en Español have long abandoned the use of "Dem Bow" (Poco Man jam riddim), and have adopted newly imported or newly created Jamaican-inspired riddims.

</doc>
<doc id="21474065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474065" title="BARD Offshore 1">
BARD Offshore 1

BARD Offshore 1 is a 400 megawatt (MW) North Sea offshore wind farm with 80 BARD 5.0 turbines. Construction was finished in July 2013 and the wind farm was officially inaugurated in August 2013. The wind farm is located northwest of the isle Borkum in deep water.
Laying of cables to connect the wind farm started on July 23, 2009. The 200 km connection is the longest of its kind in the world. It is also the first connection of an offshore wind park realized as HVDC-transmission.
Construction of the wind turbines began in March 2010. The first turbine became operational at the beginning of December 2010. Construction was assisted by the purpose-built "Wind Lift 1" barge / platform, which placed the 470 ton, 21 meter foundations on the sea bed.

</doc>
<doc id="21474067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474067" title="Motegi Station">
Motegi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474089" title="Lyra (song)">
Lyra (song)

"Lyra" is a song written, produced and performed by British recording artist Kate Bush, from the 2007 soundtrack album "The Golden Compass" from the film of the same name. It is used in the closing credits of the film. Bush was commissioned to write the song, with the request that it make reference to the lead character, Lyra Belacqua.
Background.
According to Del Palmer, Bush was asked to do the song on very short notice and the whole project was completed in 10 days. The song was produced and recorded by Bush in her own studio, and features the Magdalen College, Oxford choir. It contains the introduction of an unused song written for Disney's "Dinosaur".
Critical reception and recognition.
"Lyra" was nominated for the International Press Academy's Satellite Award for original song in a motion picture.
Chart performance.
The song reached number 187 on the UK Singles Chart, charting on downloads from the album alone.

</doc>
<doc id="21474100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474100" title="Otabayashi Station">
Otabayashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474108" title="Lahore Cantonment">
Lahore Cantonment

Lahore Cantonment, also known as Lahore Cantt, is located in the eastern part of Lahore, Pakistan. It is an open, green place compared to the rest of the Lahore. Pakistan's army has maintained its setup in Lahore by deploying two of its divisions in Lahore Cantonment, namely the 10th and 11th Divisions. The Headquarters of 4 Corps and the Allama Iqbal International Airport are also located in the Lahore Cantonment. DHA Lahore is also located in this area, which is the hub of eliete class of Punjab.
The most famous of the cantonment's public spaces is Fortress Stadium, which contains a big market, big shopping malls, a theme park and a stadium used for various activities.
Lahore Cantonment Railway Station.
Lahore Cantonment Railway Station is a busy railway station located in Lahore Cantonment. It is one of the urban stations of the Lahore city which are served by commuter trains of Lahore. A large number of commuters use this station to get access to the city of Lahore.
Political distribution of cantonment.
Lahore cantonment has one national assembly seat and two provincial assembly seats. Khawaja Saad Rafique MNA, NA-125, Mian Naseer Ahmed MPA, PP-155 and Ch. Mohammad Yasin Sohal MPA, PP-156 are the main political activists of this area. They were elected from Lahore Cantonment in the 2013 national elections.
Real Estate value of Cantt.
Cantt is regarded as a posh and expensive locality in Lahore. The houses here are constructed in British style with front yard, backyard, driveway and separate servant quarters. Since Cantt is primarily an army maintained area, the locality holds a calm and peaceful ambiance that is typical to the army dwellings. With centuries old and evergreen trees, Cantt is truly the greenest part of Lahore. The mentioned facts mount the value of property in Cantt, Lahore. As of April 2013, the average value of a 1 Kanal house in Cantt (as recorded by Zameen.com) is PKR 25 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21474109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474109" title="Yūki Station">
Yūki Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474114" title="Higashi-Yūki Station">
Higashi-Yūki Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474124" title="Kawashima Station">
Kawashima Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474131" title="Tamado Station">
Tamado Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474132" title="Yeah Yeah Yeahs discography">
Yeah Yeah Yeahs discography

The Yeah Yeah Yeahs is an American indie rock band formed in 2000. The band consists of lead singer Karen O, drummer Brian Chase, and guitarist Nick Zinner. The band's discography consists of three studio albums, three extended plays (EPs), nine singles, six music videos, and one video album.
The band's first release was their 2001 self-titled EP, where it reached Number 1 in the UK Indie Chart in 2003. The Yeah Yeah Yeahs followed this with another EP a year later, titled "Machine", which spawned an identically titled single that charted on the UK Singles Chart. The band's first album, "Fever to Tell", was released in 2002, and peaked at No. 55 in the American "Billboard" 200 chart, and No. 13 in the UK. "Fever to Tell" spawned four singles, including "Maps" which charted also on singles charts in the US and UK.
The Yeah Yeah Yeahs' second album, "Show Your Bones", was released in 2006, followed a year later by another EP, "Is Is". The band has also released one video album, "Tell Me What Rockers to Swallow", which features footage from a live performance and all of the band's music videos through 2004. The Yeah Yeah Yeahs released their third studio album, "It's Blitz!", in April 2009.
Their fourth album, "Mosquito", was released in April of 2013.
Music videos.
I The music video for "Cheated Hearts" consists of footage of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs edited with fan-made clips, featuring fans performing as the band.

</doc>
<doc id="21474139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474139" title="Niihari Station">
Niihari Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474140" title="Qama">
Qama

The Qama () also known as Quama is a type of long and wide double edged fighting knife or short sword, native to Circassia and neighboring regions in the Caucasus. The Qama was traditionally carried by the cossacks adopting it from the Circassians. It resembles the Roman gladius in form and the Scottish Dirk. 

</doc>
<doc id="21474148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474148" title="Yamato Station (Ibaraki)">
Yamato Station (Ibaraki)


</doc>
<doc id="21474158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474158" title="Iwase Station">
Iwase Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474174" title="Haguro Station (Ibaraki)">
Haguro Station (Ibaraki)


</doc>
<doc id="21474183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474183" title="Ali Rıza Pasha (governor of Baghdad)">
Ali Rıza Pasha (governor of Baghdad)

Ali Rıza Pasha (sometimes spelled Ali Ridha Pasha) led the Ottoman army in 1831 against the "mamluk" governor in Baghdad after Dawud Pasha refused to give up his office. Ali Rıza Pasha captured the city and Dawud ending the "mamluk" rule in Baghdad. Baghdad fell in September 1831 after a ten-week long blockade of the city which caused mass famine.
While Ali Rıza Pasha was able to capture Baghdad and unseat Dawud Pasha, he still had to deal with the "mamluks" who remained in Baghdad. In order to preserve his power and pacify the "mamluks", he gave many of them positions in his government. In the days following his conquest of Baghdad, Ali Rıza Pasha published a "firman", or decree, which made him the governing authority over the cities of: Baghdad, Aleppo, Diyarbakr, and Mosul. The "firman" eventually covered all cities in Iraq.
Ali Rıza Pasha then marched his army south to Basra where he occupied the province ending "mamluk" rule in 1834. Ali Rıza Pasha's conquest of Baghdad and Basra brought the provinces under direct rule from Istanbul and subjected them to "Tanzimat" reforms. Ali Rıza Pasha replaced "mamluk" governor Dawud Pasha and exiled him to Brusah. After Dawud's departure from the city, Ali Rıza was credited with the return of trade and end to crime. For a short time he was able to control the mafia that was able to control these regions and especially Karbala in the vacuum of a region without government. He promised appointments and estates to "mamluk" notables and continued past privileges of the East India Company.
In the summer of 1835, Ali Rıza Pasha attempted to attack the town of Karbala with an army of 3,000. Karbala is an important shrine town in Iraq because Imam Husayn, the grandson of the Prophet Muhammad, is buried there. Karbala is also economically significant because it may levy taxes on pilgrims and earns a significant profit for the local government. Ali Rıza Pasha was unable to keep control of Karbala however. Although he was a member of a Shiite-influenced Bektashi order and sympathized with Iraqi Shiites generally, Rıza Pasha was opposed by the so-called Shiite mafia in Karbala over the appointment of the towns governor. The problems in Karbala were heightened by pressure from the British Empire, who wanted to remain the imperial power of the Awadh government, and the essential link in the Iraqis' communication to the outside world. The serial governor Izzet Ahmed Pasha married his daughter, becoming his son-in-law.
Ali Rıza Pasha appointed ‘Abdu’L-Wahhab in charge of the city of Baghdad. In 1842, after eleven years of governing, Ali Rıza Pasha was replaced by Mehmed Necib Pasha. Ali Rıza Pasha was transferred from Baghdad to Syria.
Ali Rıza Pasha's personality is more of a mystery than his political and military achievements. His personality is recounted in a Judeo-Iraqi folksong as very courageous and is even likened to that of a lion, but he was most likely admired by Jews because he replaced Dawud Pasha and redistributed land to people living in Karbala. A different account of Ali Rıza Pasha is given by a traveler named J.B. Fraser who visit Iraq in the mid-1800s. Fraser describes Ali Rıza Pasha as “a fat man about fifty years of age, clad in a fur beneesh, with a fez upon his head.” The description of Ali Rıza Pasha continues with Fraser explaining “His mind is not more attractive than the casket which enshrines it. He is weak of judgment, infirm of purpose, irresolute in action, gross in his appetites, selfish and avaricious.

</doc>
<doc id="21474185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474185" title="Fukuhara Station">
Fukuhara Station

Lines.
Inada Station is served by the 50.2 km Mito Line from in Tochigi Prefecture to in Ibaraki Prefecture.
Station layout.
The station consists of one side platform (platform 1) and one island platform (platforms 2 and 3) serving three tracks. The platforms are connected by a footbridge.
The wooden station building is scheduled to be rebuilt between October 2012 and spring 2013.
History.
The station opened on 1 December 1890.
The rebuilt station building is scheduled to open in spring 2013.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 169 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21474194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474194" title="Inada Station">
Inada Station

Lines.
Inada Station is served by the 50.2 km Mito Line from in Tochigi Prefecture to in Ibaraki Prefecture.
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. The platforms are connected by a footbridge.
The wooden station building is scheduled to be rebuilt between October 2012 and spring 2013.
History.
The station opened on 8 May 1898.
The rebuilt station building is scheduled to open in spring 2013.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 212 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21474203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474203" title="Kasama Station">
Kasama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474214" title="Shishido Station">
Shishido Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474226" title="Arrow (motorcycle part manufacturer)">
Arrow (motorcycle part manufacturer)

Arrow Special Parts is one of the world's leading motorcycle exhaust manufacturers.
History.
It was founded in 1985 in Italy when Giorgio Giannelli realised his dream of creating a company whose main purpose was the production of highly performing exhaust systems.
After a couple of years, the first great success arrived with Belgian rider Jobé winning the 500cc Motocross World Championship.
Since 2000 Arrow has won more than 20 World Titles, in SBK, SS, MX and Supermoto.
Today.
In 2008 alone, the firm added 3 more Crowns: MX1 World Championship, with David Philippaerts, in S2 Supermoto World Championship with Adrien Chareyre and SS World Championship with Andrew Pitt, cementing its place as a leader in the market.
Today the firm also produces other key motorcycle parts including steering dampers and competition footpegs.

</doc>
<doc id="21474235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474235" title="Tomobe Station">
Tomobe Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474276" title="Daying County">
Daying County

Daying County () is a county of Sichuan province, China, under the administration of Suining City and in the central part of the Sichuan Basin. In 2002, it had a population of 520,000 residing in an area of . Daying is remarkable for being the home of the "Chinese Dead Sea", a tourist attraction that is based on a salt lake with 9 times the salinity of the ocean and which constitutes the largest indoor water park in China. The G42 Shanghai–Chengdu Expressway and Dazhou–Chengdu Railway (达成铁路) traverses east-west through the entire length of the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21474290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474290" title="Mike Piersante">
Mike Piersante

Mike Piersante is a recording engineer and mixer.
2009 GRAMMY Awards.
Mike Piersante won two Grammy Awards in 2009 for his work as Engineer/Mixer. The first Grammy was for "Please Read the Letter" a duet track by Alison Krauss and Robert Plant. Krauss and Plant sang this track as a duet which was released on the album " Raising Sand ", available on Rounder which won another 2009 Grammy for Mike Piersante for Album of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="21474291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474291" title="Smith &amp; Wesson Model 619 &amp; 620">
Smith &amp; Wesson Model 619 &amp; 620

The Smith & Wesson models 619 & 620 are 7 shot revolvers introduced by the company in 2005. The 619 has fixed rear sights while the 620 comes with adjustable rear sights and a different handgrip. They are very similar and often mistaken for members of the 686 family.
In actuality they are descendants of S&W's model 65 & 66. The 65 & 66 models were discontinued and the 619 & 620 filled their place as the next generation. They were updated to current S&W standards with the addition of a key lock safety as well as 7 round cylinders. The K-Frame of the 65 & 66 was replaced with the newer reinforced L-Frame.
620 vs 686P.
These handguns share many common traits but are easily distinguished by key differences. Both models are based on the Smith & Wesson L-Frame and are available in 4" barrels with 7 shot capacity. The 686 features a full-underlug barrel made of one piece whereas the 620 sports a half-lug and two piece barrel. The 620 weighs in at 37.9oz, just a hair lighter than the 686's 38oz. The lighter model also shaves 1/8" off of the 686's 9" overall length.

</doc>
<doc id="21474297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474297" title="Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl">
Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl

The Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl is the largest winery estate in Deidesheim in the Palatinate wine region. It produces mainly Riesling wines. The estate is affiliated with the Verband Deutscher Prädikats- und Qualitätsweingüter e.V.
The winery was founded by Franz Peter Buhl, a member of parliament in Baden and Bavaria, who inherited the estate in 1848. After his death, his son Franz Armand Buhl inherited the estate. He was a member of the Reichstag and a friend of Chancellor Otto von Bismarck. In 1885, he was awarded the title "Reichsrat der bayerischen Krone", i.e. he became a member of the Privy Council of the Kingdom of Bavaria, and the title was incorporated in the title of the estate in 1912. Under Buhl, the winery earned an international reputation, and its wines were present at several international congresses and events, including the opening of the Suez canal in 1869.
After Franz Armand Buhl, Eugen Buhl and Franz Eberhard Buhl, both members of parliament in Bavaria, owned the estate. Under Franz Eberhard Buhl, the estate became one of the largest wineries in Germany. With his death in 1921, the Buhl family in the Palatinate became extinct, however. After the death of his widow in 1952, the estate came in the possession of the House of Guttenberg, with "Georg Enoch von und zu Guttenberg", Karl Theodor Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg and Enoch zu Guttenberg. Due to economic troubles, Japanese investors leased the estate in 1989, and in 2005, it was sold to businessman Achim Niederberger, who also owns Weingut Geheimer Rat Dr. von Bassermann-Jordan and Weingut Dr. Deinhard.

</doc>
<doc id="21474301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474301" title="Frederick Richardson">
Frederick Richardson

Frederick Richardson (1862 – 15 January 1937) was an American illustrator of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, perhaps best remembered for his illustrations of works by L. Frank Baum.
A native Chicagoan, Richardson studied at the St. Louis School of Fine Arts and at the Académie Julian in Paris. He taught at the Chicago Art Institute for seven years; Albert Henry Krehbiel was one of his students. He was "a slightly-built, gray-eyed man" whose work "was strongly influenced by the Art Nouveau movement..." From 1892 on, if not earlier, Richardson made a living as a newspaper illustrator, working for the Chicago Daily News; he produced many pictures of the famous World's Columbian Exposition in 1893. His employers valued his work highly enough to send Richardson back to Paris to cover the "Exposition Universelle Internationale", the world's fair of 1900. A collection of his newspaper work from the Daily News was published in 1899.
In 1903 Richardson moved to New York City to pursue book illustration. His first book was Baum's "Queen Zixi of Ix", which was published serially in "St. Nicholas Magazine" in 1904 and 1905 and in book form in the latter year. Richardson also drew pictures for Baum's "A Kidnapped Santa Claus", which first appeared in "The Delineator" in December 1904. His artwork also appears in the California State Series "Third Reader"
Richardson followed that initial work with many other book-illustration projects, including editions of the works of Hans Christian Andersen, "Aesop's Fables", "Mother Goose", "Pinocchio", and "East of the Sun and West of the Moon", plus two volumes in the series of Andrew Lang's Fairy Books. Richardson did abundant work for the Chicago publisher P. F. Volland; in illustrating collections of tales by Georgene Faulkner he varied his usual artistic style, imitating Japanese art for her "Little Peachling and Other Tales of Old Japan" (1928), and Indian art for her "The White Elephant and Other Tales from Old India" (1929). 
Richardson provided pictures for a series of schoolbooks called the Winston Readers. He illustrated Frank R. Stockton's "The Queen's Museum" (1906), Edith Ogden Harrison's "The Enchanted House" (1913), and Frances Jenkins Olcott's "The Red Indian Fairy Book" (1917), among other works.
For John Heming Fry's "diatribe against modernism," "The Revolt Against Beauty" (1934), Richardson supplied pictures that parodied the work of Paul Gauguin and Vincent van Gogh and characters from newspaper comic strips. After his death in 1937, Richardson was memorialized with a posthumous volume that matched traditional tales, like "Three Billy Goats Gruff" and "The Bremen Town Musicians", with brightly colored illustrations by the artist.
Richardson was survived by one of his two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="21474335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474335" title="Hatori Station">
Hatori Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474343" title="85C Bakery Cafe">
85C Bakery Cafe

85°C Bakery Cafe () is a Taiwanese chain of coffee shops run by Gourmet Master Co., Ltd. The company, with an estimated yearly revenue of $200 million, was founded in 2004 by tea shop owner Wu Cheng-Hsueh and has over 325 branches located within Taiwan and Australia. Known as the "Starbucks of Taiwan", in 2008, the company opened its first US location in Irvine, California. 
History.
When Wu Cheng-Hsueh was having coffee with his wife, the idea came to him that he could serve coffee and breads for customers at a low price. He used to have a barbershop, a shoe-material processing plant, a marble factory and bubble-tea and pizza chain stores. Wu Cheng-Hsueh, president and founder of 85℃ Bakery Cafe, opened the first shop in Bao-Ping, Taipei County, in July 2004. The shop was soon serving around 2000 guests per day and selling over 2000 cups of coffee. He opened a second shop in Yuan Toun, Taipei County, in August 2004. Following the success of the two stores, a third store was opened in Goun Yi, in Taichung City, which marked the beginning of the franchising name 85℃ in November 2004. The name "85C" refers to Wu's belief that is the optimal temperature to serve coffee.
In 2006, they opened the first store in Sydney, Australia. A year later, the first store was built in Shanghai, China. With a rapid business expansion, the first store in US was opened in 2009 and Hong Kong in 2012.
It was listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange in November 2010 with 3.85 million shares in its IPO.
Type of restaurant.
It is a self-serve bakery. The customers use a tray and tongs, and select the breads that they want. After that, the breads are paid for and bagged at the till. 
Products.
85℃ Bakery Cafe sells breads, cakes, and drinks. The Irvine branch that opened on 26 September 2009, is the company's highest grossing store.
Breads.
The store bases the majority of its sales on pastries. The breads incorporate European, Japanese, Taiwanese, and Danish styled flavors, in 80 varieties. The slogan of the store is "Fresh Bread". The two top sellers are Marble Taro and Brioche.
Cakes.
The regular size of cake is 8", with 10 styles ranging from the Italian Tiramisu to the German Black Forest to the Taiwanese Taro cake. The only 6’’ cake is the blueberry cheesecake. The full month size has five flavors.
They have twenty kinds of cake slices and cups with coffee, mango, strawberry, orange and chocolate flavors. 
Drinks.
One of their products is the "Sea Salt Coffee", made by sweetening their iced Americano and adding a sea salt whipped cream on the top. This coffee has been featured on TIME Magazine, CNN, and NPR. The concept of this drink supposedly came from the Taiwanese habit of sprinkling salt on fruit to bring out the sweetness. In addition to tea and smoothies, 85°C Bakery Cafe also sells regular coffee such as vanilla cafe latte, mocha, cappuccino, caramel latte, etc.
Fridge breads.
85C have a category for breads needed to be kept in a cool temperature includes cheese bites, cream cheese custard tart, chocolate cream cheese slice, chocolate swirled, coconut custard and matcha red bean sponge roll. They have four kinds of half-moon sponge cakes: almond, coconut, blueberry, and strawberry.
Others.
85C Bakery Cafe has toast such as rum raisin, multigrain, whole wheat, white and milk toast. For special occasions, they will have different kinds of breads and cakes.

</doc>
<doc id="21474354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474354" title="Iwama Station">
Iwama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474360" title="Paul Bales">
Paul Bales

Paul Bales is an American director, screenwriter, producer and chief operating officer at The Asylum (from year 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="21474375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474375" title="Uchihara Station">
Uchihara Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474389" title="Akatsuka Station (Ibaraki)">
Akatsuka Station (Ibaraki)


</doc>
<doc id="21474403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474403" title="Enterprise Europe Network">
Enterprise Europe Network

Enterprise Europe Network is the largest information and consultancy network in Europe.. The aim of the network is to help small business to make the most of the European marketplace. Enterprise Europe Network is a focal point network consisting of 600 organizations - chambers of commerce, regional development agencies, university technology centers, where about 4000 professionals are working in over 40 countries worldwide. Enterprise Europe Network Staff assist small business in sourcing new business & technology partners in Europe and advise them on accessing EU Funding. In France, the EEN is hosted by the World Trade Center of Grenoble.
Background.
Enterprise Europe Network was launched on 7 February 2008 by former EU Commissioner Günter Verheugen. The Enterprise Europe Network combines the previous Euro Info Centres and the Innovation Relay Centres. The Network is partially funded through the EU's Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme (CIP), in cooperation with institutions at national and regional levels.
Comprising over 4000 innovation and business advisors in over 600 teams across Europe and beyond spanning 49 countries, the Network forms the world’s largest business and innovation support network.
References.
http://een.ec.europa.eu/
External links.
European Union Official Website:
Country Websites
In the United Kingdom:

</doc>
<doc id="21474407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474407" title="Katsuta Station">
Katsuta Station

Lines.
Katsuta Station is served by the Jōban Line from in Tokyo, and is also the terminus of the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line to .
Station layout.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The JR East (formerly JNR) Katsuta Station opened on 18 March 1910. The Hitachinaka Seaside Railway (formerly Minato Railway) station opened on 25 December 1913.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the JR East station was used by an average of 12,173 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station was used by an average of 834 passengers daily in fiscal 2011. The JR East passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21474414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474414" title="Petrauskas">
Petrauskas

Petrauskas:

</doc>
<doc id="21474417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474417" title="Russell Scott Valentino">
Russell Scott Valentino

Russell Scott Valentino (born 1962) is a literary scholar, translator, and editor. He received his Ph.D. in Slavic Languages and Literatures from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1993. He has taught Slavic and comparative literature at the University of Iowa since 1994. Since approximately 2003, he has been a member of the University of Iowa's Workshop, and, since 2009, Editor of The Iowa Review.
He is the author of the monograph "Vicissitudes of Genre in the Russian Novel" (2001), which explores genre mixing in works by Ivan Turgenev, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Nikolai Chernyshevsky, and Maksim Gorky. He is also the translator of book-length translations from Italian, Russian, and Croatian works of the 20th and 21st centuries. His essays and short translations of fiction, non-fiction, and poetry have appeared in such venues as "The Iowa Review", "Two Lines", "Circumference", "Asia", "Meridian", "", and "Slavic Review".
Valentino's work has been supported by the U.S. Department of Education, the U.S. Department of State, the National Endowment for the Humanities, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the Howard Foundation. He has twice been awarded Fulbright Research grants to Croatia, and his translations from the Italian and Croatian have been nominated for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award and the Book of the Year Awards held by "Foreword Magazine".
His translations include:

</doc>
<doc id="21474420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474420" title="SS Empire Baffin">
SS Empire Baffin

Empire Baffin was a 6,978 ton cargo ship which was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow in 1941 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was commissioned in 1943 as HMS "Sancroft, being converted into a cable laying ship for Operation Pluto. She was returned to the MoWT in 1946 and subsequently sold and renamed Clintonia. A final change of ownership in 1960 saw her renamed Aspis" and she was scrapped in 1963.
History.
"Empire Baffin" was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow as yard number 958. She was launched on 28 August 1941 and completed in October 1941. She was operated under the management of J Robinson & Sons, North Shields.
War service.
"Empire Baffin" was a member of a number of convoys during the Second World War.
Convoy PQ 2 sailed from Liverpool on 13 October 1941 and arrived at Archangel on 30 October. "Empire Baffin" joined from Scapa Flow on 17 October.
Convoy QP 3 sailed from Archangel on 27 November 1941 and dispersed on 3 December. "Empire Baffin" was carrying a cargo of magnasite bound for the Tees.
Convoy PQ 11 sailed from Kirkness on 14 February 1942 and arrived at Murmansk on 22 February.
Convoy QP 9 sailed from the Kola Inlet on 21 March 1942 and arrived at Reykjavík on 3 April. "Empire Baffin" was carrying a cargo of Chloride of Potassium bound for Middlesbrough.
Convoy UR 23 sailed from Loch Ewe on 8 May 1942 and arrived at Reykjavík on 12 May.
Convoy PQ 16 sailed from Reykjavík on 21 May 1942 and arrived at Murmansk on 30 May. "Empire Baffin" was attacked by German aircraft, which bombed her scoring several near misses. Her propeller, driveshaft and bearings were damaged and she developed a leak in her stern gland. The Chief Engineer had to spend three days and nights in the shaft tunnel tending to the bearings. "Empire Baffin" was repaired and returned to service.
Convoy QP 13U sailed from Archangel on 26 June 1942 and arrived at Reykjavík on 7 July. "Empire Baffin" was bound for the Tyne.
Convoy PQ 18 sailed from Loch Ewe on 2 September 1942 and arrived at Archangel on 21 September.
Convoy QP 15 sailed from the Kola Inlet on 17 November 1942 and arrived at Loch Ewe on 30 November.
Convoy JW 52
sailed from Liverpool on 17 January 1943 and arrived at the Kola Inlet on 27 January.
Convoy JW 33 sailed from Loch Ewe on 15 February 1943 and arrived at the Kola Inlet on or about the 27 February. "Empire Baffin" had to return to Loch Ewe due to being damaged in severe weather.
Convoy SC 151 sailed from Halifax Nova Scotia on 3 September 1943 and arrived at Liverpool on 17 September. "Empire Baffin" was carrying a general cargo bound for London.
"Empire Baffin" was taken over by the Admiralty and converted by Green & Silley Weir Ltd, London to a cable laying ship for Operation Pluto, and commissioned as HMS "Sancroft". She was used in the support of Operation Overlord. Those killed whilst serving on "Empire Baffin" during the war are commemorated at the Tower Hill Memorial, London.
Postwar.
In 1946, HMS "Sancroft" reverted to the MoWT and regained her "Empire Baffin" name. Later that year, she was sold to Stag Line Ltd, North Shields still under the management of J Robinson & Sons. She was the fifth Stag Line ship to bear the name "Clintonia". She was purchased at a cost of £30,000 and converted back to a cargo ship and also from coal to oil fuel at a cost of £137,911. On 10 December 1959, "Clintonia" was sold to Alcestis Shipping Co. SA, Greece for £62,500. She was renamed "Apsis" She was operated under the management of Faros Shipping Co Ltd, London.. "Apsis" served until 1963 when she was sold for scrap. She arrived at Yokosuka, Japan in December 1963 for scrapping.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Baffin" had the UK Official Number 168968 and used the Code Letters BCQR.

</doc>
<doc id="21474430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474430" title="Kazlauskas">
Kazlauskas

Kazlauskas is the most common surname in Lithuania. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21474433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474433" title="Bobby Veck">
Bobby Veck

Robert "Bobby" Veck (1 April 1920 – 14 May 1999) was an English footballer who played, mainly at outside left, for Southampton and Gillingham in the years after the Second World War.
Playing career.
Southampton.
Veck was born in Titchfield, Hampshire and was a member of Southampton's nursery side in 1938, scoring 14 goals in 11 junior League and Cup matches, before the war interrupted his football career.
During the war, he joined the Royal Air Force, and his military career initially took him across Britain, where he made guest appearances for several clubs, including Leeds United, Bradford Park Avenue, St. Johnstone and York City. After spending time at Yeadon and Church Fenton (both in Yorkshire), he was sent out to Egypt for the duration of the war. Whilst in Egypt, he played for the United Services team and also for the Egyptian Railways.
Following his demobilisation, he returned to Southampton in late 1945, playing in the League South in 1945–46, scoring five goals from 28 appearances, plus one in the FA Cup. For the opening match of the first season of League football after the war, Veck was one of eight players making his League debut in the Second Division for Southampton, scoring in a 4–0 victory over Swansea Town, with fellow debutant Doug McGibbon scoring a hat-trick. Veck retained his place at outside left for the first seven matches of the season, before being replaced by Wilf Grant, who in turn gave way to Eric Day as manager Bill Dodgin was assembling a team to try to gain promotion from the Second Division.
Veck reclaimed the No. 11 shirt at the end of the season, but in 1947–48 only made six appearances as Dodgin tried five players at outside left before settling on Grant. Over the next few seasons, Veck only made the occasional appearance including replacing centre forward Charlie Wayman for two matches in April 1949 and again in February 1950, scoring in a 1–1 draw against Coventry City.
In July 1950, Veck was transferred to Gillingham for £3000. During his four League seasons at The Dell, Veck made 23 League and 4 FA Cup appearances, scoring three goals. In three of those seasons, the "Saints" narrowly missed promotion, finishing third in 1947–48, a feat repeated the following season (despite having an 8 point lead with 8 games to play) whilst in 1949–50 they were to be denied promotion by 0.06 of a goal, missing out on second place to Sheffield United.
Gillingham.
At Gillingham, Veck spent one season as a virtual fixture on the left, either on the wing or at left back, making 36 appearances in the Third Division South scoring twelve goals, of which five were penalties.
He dropped out of League football in 1951, spending a season with Chelmsford City in the Southern League, before moving back to Kent where he joined Canterbury City in the Kent League, helping them win the Kent Senior Cup in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21474443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474443" title="Sawa Station (Ibaraki)">
Sawa Station (Ibaraki)


</doc>
<doc id="21474460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474460" title="Eternity (Michael Learns to Rock album)">
Eternity (Michael Learns to Rock album)

Eternity is the seventh studio album by Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released October 27, 2008 through MLTR Music and At:tack Music. This is the first Michael Learns To Rock album to have been solely produced by Mikkel Lentz, except the tracks "Family Tree" and "Lonely Satellite". "Family Tree" was previously recorded by Danish pop duo Brother+Sister for their second album, "Sonny vs. Gigi" in 2002. The song "It's Gonna Make Sense" was a very popular hit in the Philippines since this was the trademark song for every eviction in "", whereas the track "Sweetest Surprise" reached number one in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="21474464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474464" title="Tōkai Station">
Tōkai Station

Lines.
There is suburban service to Mito Station and Iwaki Station, as well as service to Ueno Station in Tokyo.
Layout.
The station has two side platforms. The station hall is placed above the platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="21474496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474496" title="Neshoba (film)">
Neshoba (film)

Neshoba is an award winning documentary film about events and attitudes in Neshoba County, Mississippi, 40 years after the 1964 Mississippi civil rights workers murders.
Synopsis.
"Neshoba" explores the history and changing racial attitudes of Neshoba County, Mississippi four decades after the murders of James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner during Freedom Summer. The film captures the trial of Edgar Ray Killen, who granted the filmmakers "extraordinary access".
Reception.
Though critical of certain production elements, "Variety" praised "Neshoba" as "a disturbing peek at how little some people have changed, as well as an inspiring portrait of others' determination to see crime punished at last".

</doc>
<doc id="21474498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474498" title="Ōmika Station">
Ōmika Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474502" title="Jeni Mawter">
Jeni Mawter

Jeni (J.A.) Mawter (born 1959) is an Australian children's author who has published over twenty books, including the best-selling series, The "So" series. She has published fiction and non-fiction, poetry and verse narrative for children and young adults. Her books have ranged from picture books, to chapter books, short story collections to young adult novels. Her novel, "Team Dream", was published in 2005.
Biography.
Mawter was born in Sydney to parents, Nola and Garry Braude. She has a sister, Debbi and a brother, Michael. Mawter attended Willoughby Infants', Willoughby Primary and Willoughby Girls' High School where she was School Captain in 1977. She completed a Bachelor of Applied Science in Speech Pathology at Cumberland College (now Sydney University), graduating in 1980 and winning the Private Speech Pathology Association Prize. Mawter worked as a speech pathologist for many years at the Royal Prince Alfred, Royal North Shore and Eversleigh Hospitals, working with neurology, neurosurgery, and head and neck patients. For two years she ran the Speech Pathology Student Unit at Royal North Shore Hospital (1987–88) then worked for several years as a Case Manager for the Commonwealth Rehabilitation Service (1993-1996).
Mawter completed a Diploma of Book Editing from Macleay College (1997) and a Master of Arts in Children's Literature from Macquarie University (1998). Since then, she has taught creative writing at Macquarie University, the NSW Writer's Centre and is a frequent speaker at schools and literary festivals throughout Australia. Mawter has run creative writing workshops for students from 5 years to 91 years.
Mawter is married to David Mawter and they have three children: Hugh, Shevaughn and Tullia.
Awards.
"Unleashed!" shortlisted for the West Australian Young Readers' Book Awards in 2009

</doc>
<doc id="21474506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474506" title="Hitachi-Taga Station">
Hitachi-Taga Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474517" title="Hitachi Station">
Hitachi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474525" title="Fort Laramie (disambiguation)">
Fort Laramie (disambiguation)

Fort Laramie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21474528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474528" title="Ogitsu Station">
Ogitsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474534" title="Jūō Station">
Jūō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474542" title="Takahagi Station">
Takahagi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474547" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in McDowell County, West Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in McDowell County, West Virginia

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in McDowell County, West Virginia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 17 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21474550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474550" title="Minami-Nakagō Station">
Minami-Nakagō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474558" title="Ian Herring">
Ian Herring

Ian Herring (born 14 February 1984) is an English footballer, who plays as a midfielder. He is currently playing for Hungerford Town.
Career.
Herring made his debut for Swindon Town on 20 April 2002, at home to Wycombe Wanderers in the 1–1 draw coming on as a substitute in the 89th minute replacing Paul McAreavey in the last game of the 2001–02 season.
He joined Salisbury City from Chippenham Town in August 2007 to pursue full-time football. In 2009, he was released by Salisbury City who he spent three-years as a player at the club. In July, Herring joined Conference North team Northwich Victoria. Herring left Northwich at the end of the season.
Herring signed for Conference National side Forest Green Rovers in June 2010.
In February 2011 Swindon Town manager Danny Wilson expressed an interest in taking Herring back to his home club after some impressive performances at the heart of midfield for Forest Green Rovers.
Herring joined Conference South side Eastleigh on loan for a month in February 2011, playing in 5 league matches. The move was then made permanent in March 2011. Herring finished the season with 13 league appearances in total.
On 27 January 2012, following several new signings at Eastleigh, Herring joined previous club Chippenham Town on a month's loan.
Herring left Eastleigh at the end of the season and in July 2012 it was announced he had signed for Southern League South & West Division side Hungerford Town.

</doc>
<doc id="21474559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474559" title="Isohara Station">
Isohara Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474566" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, West Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, West Virginia

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, West Virginia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 17 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21474568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474568" title="Ōtsukō Station">
Ōtsukō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21474572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474572" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicholas County, West Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicholas County, West Virginia

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicholas County, West Virginia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21474573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474573" title="John P. Webster">
John P. Webster

John Phillip Webster is a Canadian bank executive The Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank), serving as President & CEO of the Scotia Mortgage Authority. The Scotia Mortgage Authority are the number 1 provider of retail mortgages in Canada. He formerly served as the President & CEO of Maple Trust, who were acquired by Scotiabank in 2006. 
Life.
John was born in Drummondvile, Quebec, although he grew up in Perth, Ontario. He attending Wilfrid Laurier University, a member of the 1978 Yates Cup team, and went on to study law at McGill University. 
Webster is active in the Liberal Party, and was a key strategist for the Paul Martin leadership campaign, credited as one of three main Martin advisers to internally topple the Chrétien regime in 2003. Prior to supporting Martin, Webster served as campaign director for both former Prime Minister John Turner and former Ontario Premier David Peterson.
Webster received his Undergraduate diploma from the Wilfrid Laurier University, his LLB from McGill University.

</doc>
<doc id="21474587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474587" title="SS Clintonia">
SS Clintonia

SS "Clintonia" was the name of a number of steamships that served with Stag Line Ltd, North Shields.

</doc>
<doc id="21474590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474590" title="Nikkōmae Station">
Nikkōmae Station

Lines.
Nikkōmae Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 0.6 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single side platform with a simple passenger waiting shelter.
History.
Nikkōmae Station opened on 28 November 1961.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 9 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474600" title="Kaneage Station">
Kaneage Station

Lines.
Kaneage Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 1.8 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single island platform serving two tracks.
History.
Kaneage Station opened on 17 July 1928.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 90 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474608" title="Nakane Station">
Nakane Station

Lines.
Nakane Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 4.8 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single side platform with a simple passenger waiting shelter.
History.
Nakane Station opened on 16 July 1931.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 22 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474621" title="Nakaminato Station">
Nakaminato Station

Lines.
Nakaminato Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 8.2 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station is staffed and consists of a one side platform and one island platform, serving three tracks. The line's maintenance depot adjoins the station.
History.
Nakaminato Station opened on 25 December 1913.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 492 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474628" title="Tonoyama Station">
Tonoyama Station

Lines.
Tonoyama Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 9.6 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single side platform serving the single-track line.
History.
Tonoyama Station opened on 17 July 1928.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 113 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474637" title="Hiraiso Station">
Hiraiso Station

Lines.
Hiraiso Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 10.8 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station was modernized in 2011 with toilets and wheelchair accessibility.
History.
Hiraiso Station opened on 3 September 1924.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 144 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474652" title="Isozaki Station">
Isozaki Station

Lines.
Isozaki Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 13.3 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout.
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single side platform serving the single-track line.
History.
Isozaki Station opened on 3 September 1924.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 83 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474660" title="Ajigaura Station">
Ajigaura Station

Lines.
Ajigaura Station is the terminus of the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from . 
Station layout.
The platforms were built to handle trains of up to seven cars in the days in which direct "Ajigaura" express trains ran directly from in Tokyo.
History.
Ajigaura Station opened on 7 July 1928. It became an unstaffed station from 1 April 1996.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 53 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21474683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474683" title="Osseiran family">
Osseiran family

The Osseiran Family () of Lebanon, like the Haidar and Suleiman families of the Biqa' region, are descended from the Bani Assad tribe of Southern Iraq.
According to the late Lebanese writer Ahmad Abu Saad, the distant ancestors of the Osseiran family migrated to the Levant and first settled in the ancient city of Baalbeck in the 17th century. After a feud with the Emirs of the Harfush clan, who were in control of Baalbeck, the direct ancestor of the Osseirans migrated to Sidon, where he started the family known by his name, Osseiran. 
Little is known of the early generations of the Osseiran family, except that they were generally in trade. In the mid-19th century, they acquired large fortunes through commerce and gradually bought vast lands throughout what is now Southern Lebanon, or Jabal Amel. They also acquired (in 1849) the consulate of the Kingdom of Persia in Sidon and resided in that city and became a very prominent family in it. 
Al-Hajj Ali Osseiran, grandfather of one of the founding fathers of modern Lebanon, the late Adel Osseiran, was at once consul of Persia and an Effendim of the Ottoman Empire, a title granted him by the Turkish Sultan.
Al-Hajj Hassan Osseiran, a cousin of al-Hajj Ali, was a man of learning and philanthropy, and had several children who took up diplomatic posts in different Levantine cities. All this is mentioned by Abu Saad in his book about the families of Lebanon.
Of the five sons of the Effendim, Abdullah, Rashid, Rida, Najib, and Kamil, three died of the plague during World War I. They had been implicated in the Great Arab Revolt against the Ottomans. 
It is said, though not proven, that during the famine of the Great War the Osseirans opened up their storehouses of grain to feed the hungry people.
In the 1930s, most of the Osseirans gave up their Persian nationality to become Lebanese citizens. The descendants of the Osseirans who were abroad at the time continued to carry Iranian passports until the 1990s.
The Osseirans were distinguished by the fact that they were generally better educated than most of their contemporaries, having attended missionary schools and having knowledge of foreign languages, including Persian, Turkish, and French.
The Osseiran family has produced a number of pioneers and distinguished professionals in different fields including politics (e.g., Najib Osseiran, Rashid Osseiran, Samih Rashid Osseiran, Adel Osseiran and Ali Adel Osseiran), religion (e.g., Sheikh Mohamad Osseiran) and (Father Afif Osseiran), medicine, such as Dr. Sharif Osseiran and Dr. Fouad Osseiran --both Ministers of Public Health in Iraq and in Lebanon, respectively. Other Osseirans distinguished themselves in law, journalism (e.g. Zouhair Osseiran), literature (e.g. Leila Osseiran Hafez), art (e.g. Samia Osseiran Joumblatt), as well as many other disciplines. Today, prominent Osseirans figure not only in Lebanon but in many other countries as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="21474735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474735" title="Sanosara">
Sanosara

Sanosara is a village located in India in the Bhavnagar district. Its approximate population is 15,000 people.. It is home to an agricultural college named Lokbharti.

</doc>
<doc id="21474738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474738" title="KEVE-LD">
KEVE-LD

KEVE-LD is a low-power television station licensed to Vancouver, Washington. A translator station of KBLN-TV in Grants Pass, Oregon, the station broadcasts on digital UHF channel 36.1.
On August 8, 2006, the station was granted a construction permit to begin converting operations to digital television with 15 kW on Channel 36. 
On March 23, 2009, KEVE-LP went off the air due to a lack of available programming. The station was granted a construction permit to relocate the station to the Portland-Vancouver area.
On March 23, 2010, the FCC granted Consent to Assignment for KEVE-LP from Fiori Media, Inc. to the Southern Oregon Conference Assn. of Seventh-Day Adventists.
On October 24, 2010, KEVE-LD went on the air.

</doc>
<doc id="21474746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474746" title="Medical Arts Building (Hot Springs, Arkansas)">
Medical Arts Building (Hot Springs, Arkansas)

The Medical Arts Building in Hot Springs, AR,built in 1929, was the tallest building in Arkansas until 1960. Built to house medical offices, it stands 16 stories high and rises to 180 feet above the street. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Today, all but the first floor is in disrepair and closed to the public. The first floor houses a purse shop and an old time photography studio.

</doc>
<doc id="21474756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474756" title="KRUM-LD">
KRUM-LD

KRUM-LD is a low-power television station licensed to Renton, Washington. The station is in Seattle, WA, and its service area does not include its former Community of License of Olympia, Washington. The station broadcasts on UHF channel 24. This is one of two stations that use virtual channel 24 in the area, overlapping with KBCB-TV in the Poulsbo, WA area. The station's programming is described as Spanish Religious. Previously the station was a repeater of the programming from the Trinity Broadcasting Network via satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="21474759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474759" title="Osseiran">
Osseiran

Osseiran is an Arabic surname. Osseiran (in Arabic عسيران) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21474761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474761" title="Keita Goto">
Keita Goto

Keita Goto may be:

</doc>
<doc id="21474768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474768" title="Fürst-Wrede-Kaserne">
Fürst-Wrede-Kaserne

Fürst-Wrede-Kaserne has been a military facility in Munich, Germany, since 1936 when it was built by the Munich "Heeresbauamt" (army construction bureau) under its original name "Verdun-Kaserne". After World War II the U.S. forces renamed it Will Kaserne, and the Bundeswehr renamed it once more in honor of Karl Philipp von Wrede on April 17, 1972.
History.
Originally, the fully motorized 7th Anti-Tank Detachment ("Panzerabwehrabteilung 7") and an artillery unit used the barracks. After the war the facility was enlarged and renamed by the American troops who occupied it in 1951; the 169th Infantry Regiment, 43rd Division. The 43rd Division only stayed in Germany during the Korean War time. After that, elements of the 24th Division moved into Will Kaserne and stayed there until it was returned to the German government.
In 1969 the "Bundeswehr" acquired the installation. Until the beginning of the 1990s, the 200th Anti-Aircraft Regiment "Flugabwehrregiment 200" (FlaRgt 200), the 200th Drone Battery ("Drohnenbatterie 200") and the 4th Company of the 210th Maintenance Battalion "Instandsetzungsbataillons 210" (4th InstBtl 210) were stationed there. 
In 1993 the 1st and 3rd companies as well as the headquarters of the 760th "Feldjäger" (Military Police) Battalion moved from Bayern-Kaserne into the barracks. The battalion was renumbered the 451st "Feldjäger" Bn in 2003. Further users of the barracks have been the 60th Regional Network Control Center ("Regionales Netzführungszentrum 60"), the 663rd/900th Stationary Signal Center ("Festes Fernmeldezentrum der Bundeswehr 663/900"), the "Kraftfahrausbildungszentrum Munich" (motor training center) and Service Team 4 of the Munich Bundeswehr Service Center.
The northern part of the barracks was sold in 2006. Since March 2008, the facility's infrastructure has been redeveloped as part of a public-private partnership project in conjunction with a subsidiary of Hochtief construction company.
See also.
From January 1956 until March 1957 Will Kaserne was occupied by the 88th Abn AAA Battalion of the 11th Airborne Division. At that time in 1957 the 88th AAA was deactivated and the members were transferred to other units in the 11th and others.

</doc>
<doc id="21474795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474795" title="Ali Sajid">
Ali Sajid

Ali Sajid is an educationist, a trainer and consultant from Pakistan. He is also a professor of management engineering at the University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore (UET).
Life.
Ali Sajid received his B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from University of Engineering & Technology (UET), Lahore, Pakistan. After receiving his B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering, Ali Sajid went to United States for higher studies. He attended George Washington University, Washington D.C, USA, where he received his M.Sc. and Ph.D in Engineering Management.
He was a former consultant of World Bank, also the former head of Management Sciences at National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST), the founder of CASE, and currently working with University of Engineering & Technology (UET) Lahore as a Professor of the Institute of Business and Management, UET, Lahore. Previously he had been working as Director of IB & M.

</doc>
<doc id="21474830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474830" title="Rosarium Uetersen">
Rosarium Uetersen

The Rosarium Uetersen is a rose garden located in the city of Uetersen, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Rosarium is the oldest and largest rose garden in Northern Germany. Established in 1929 and originally designed by landscaping architect Berthold Thormählen, Mathias Tantau and Wilhelm Kordes, the rosarium covers at present over seven hectares more than 35,000 roses and 1020 various rose varieties in all gradations of color and aroma nuances presented.

</doc>
<doc id="21474839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474839" title="Juan Nuño">
Juan Nuño

Juan Antonio Nuño Montes (Madrid, 27 March 1927 - Caracas, 5 May 1995) was a philosopher, writer and university professor.
After leaving Spain in 1947, Nuño settled in Venezuela where he studied philosophy at the Central University of Venezuela. In 1951 he studied at the University of Cambridge and the University of Paris. In 1962 he finished his doctoral degree under Juan David García Bacca at the Central University of Venezuela and spent a year in Switzerland studying with Józef Maria Bocheński. He was the chair of the "Instituto de Filosofía de la UCV" from 1975 to 1979. In 1976 he became a member of the International Institute of Philosophy of Unesco (París). He taught at the Universidad Complutense, University of Barcelona, University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Campus, San Marcos University and the UNAM, where he founded the journal "Crítica" of the "Instituto de investigaciones Filosóficas".

</doc>
<doc id="21474849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474849" title="German submarine U-486">
German submarine U-486

German submarine "U-486" was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" for service during World War II. She was laid down at the "Deutsche Werke" in Kiel as 'werk' 321, launched on February 12, 1944 and commissioned on March 22 with "Oberleutnant zur See" Gerhard Meyer in command.
The boat began training on March 22 with the 5th U-boat Flotilla but moved on to the 11th flotilla for operations.
She was one of nine Type VIIs that the "Kriegsmarine" fitted with an experimental synthetic rubber skin of anechoic tiles known as "Alberich", which had been designed to counter the Allies' asdic/sonar devices.
Her remains were positively identified in March 2013 after they were found during oil exploration operations off the coast of Norway, not far from the remains of U-864.
Operational career.
The submarine moved to Horten in Norway between 6 and 9 November 1944 and then Egersund, (also in Norway, on the southwest coast, between Stavanger and Kristiansand), arriving there on November 20.
1st patrol.
She departed Egersund on her first patrol on 26 November 1944, taking a circuitous route around the British Isles to the Western Approaches. The U-boat claimed her first victim south of the Eddystone Lighthouse by sinking the "Silverlaurel" on 18 December. She then attacked the 11,509 GRT "Leopoldville" on 24 December five miles off the coast of Cherbourg, France. This resulted in the death of over 750 Allied soldiers (819 total deaths). The "Leopoldville" sank about two hours later. She crippled the US-built but British manned frigate on the 26th. She also sank , another frigate, on the same day. 
She was unsuccessfully attacked by a Canadian Vickers Wellington of 407 Squadron, RCAF on 30 December.
She returned to Norway, this time to Bergen, on 15 January 1945.
2nd patrol.
The boat departed Bergen on 9 April 1945, but was sunk by torpedoes from the British submarine on 12 April.
Discovery of wreck.
In early 2013, the wreck of "U-486" was discovered by the Norwegian petroleum company Statoil at a depth of , off the coast of Western Norway. The wreck of "U-486" is located c. from that of the fellow German submarine .
References.
http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/distrikt/hordaland/1.10962678

</doc>
<doc id="21474878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474878" title="Ithiel de Sola Pool">
Ithiel de Sola Pool

Ithiel de Sola Pool (October 26, 1917–March 11, 1984) was a revolutionary in the field of social sciences. Pool led groundbreaking research on technology and its effects on society. He coined the term "convergence" to describe the effect of various scientific innovations on society in a futuristic world. In the course of his career, he would make startlingly accurate predictions about technology and society. In Pool's 1983 book, "Technologies of Freedom" he described the modes of technology. Digital electronics present convergence between historically separated modes of communication. Theater, news events, and speaking are all increasingly delivered electronically. These modes of communicating ideas are becoming one single grand system.
Early life and education.
De Sola Pool was the son of David de Sola Pool, the spiritual leader of the Sephardic Congregation Shearith Israel in New York City. His mother was Tamar Hirschensohn, the Palestinian daughter of Rabbi Chaim Hirschensohn. His sister was Naomi de Sola Pool, a physician.
Pool was initially educated at an Ethical Culture School in New York City. He went on to attend the University of Chicago, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in 1938, a Master of Arts in 1939, and his Ph.D. in 1952. The university was under the direction of Robert Maynard Hutchins, its president from 1929 to 1945, a period in which it became "the birthplace of modern American social sciences." 
Career.
During World War II, Pool ventured to Washington, D.C., to study and research the effects of Nazi and communist propaganda. He held several prestigious academic appointments, including Stanford University and, eventually, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he joined the MIT Center for International Studies. He remained there for more than 30 years, doing research on the effects of communication technology on global politics.
Work.
His earliest interest lay in the study of rhetorical symbols of democracy. The source of his work was the analysis of speechmakers of totalitarian regimes around the world. His desire was to decipher the power and influence of words. However, he would always return to his fascination with technology and communications. 
De Sola Pool eventually became the leading authority on the social and political effects of communications. In 1973, his name appeared in "The Communications Handbook", which he defined the social and political effects of technological advances in a chapter called "Public Opinion." In 1983, Pool proved to be at the forefront of technological movement with his publications, such as "Forecasting Telephone and Communication Flows." 
Pool was reunited with his former mentors Roger Hurwitz and Hirshue Inose to co-author the work "A Census of Japan and the US". This would become one of his last forays into the literary world. He once again defined demand toward a global information society. 
De Sola Pool was the chair and founder of the MIT political science department. He was often pulled away from MIT to advise the United States and other governments on various matters. In 1965, he wrote "The Kaiser, the Tsar, and the Computer," an essay about a computer-simulated international crisis. Later, his interest in quantitative analysis and communications would contribute to computer models to study human behavior. 
The idea of freedom in all forms was extremely important to Pool. As a young man, Pool was a devout Trotskyite, though he quickly became disillusioned with this form of politics after seeing people's ideals used to take away the freedom for which they had initially fought.
Legacy.
Pool died in 1984 from cancer. At that point in his career, he was a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, advising several countries around the world. Pool felt that the world was underestimating the importance of communications and technical change. His greatest legacy was his book "Technologies of Freedom" (1983).

</doc>
<doc id="21474881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474881" title="History of Christianity in Scotland">
History of Christianity in Scotland

The history of Christianity in Scotland includes all aspects of the Christianity in the region that is now Scotland from its introduction to the present day. Christianity was probably introduced to what is now southern Scotland during the Roman occupation of Britain. It was mainly spread by missionaries from Ireland from the fifth century and is associated with St Ninian, St Kentigern and St Columba. The Christianity that developed in Ireland and Scotland differed from that led by Rome, particularly over the method of calculating Easter and the form of tonsure until the Celtic church accepted Roman practices in the mid-seventh century. Christianity in Scotland was strongly influenced by monasticism, with abbots being more significant than bishops. In the Norman period, there were a series of reforms resulting in a clearer parochial structure based around local churches and large numbers of new monastic foundations, which followed continental forms of reformed monasticism, began to predominate. The Scottish church also established its independence from England, developing a clear diocesan structure and becoming a "special daughter of the see of Rome", but continued to lack Scottish leadership in the form of Archbishops. In the late Middle Ages the crown was able to gain greater influence over senior appointments and two archbishoprics had been established by the end of the fifteenth century. There was a decline in traditional monastic life, but the mendicant orders of friars grew, particularly in the expanding burghs. New saints and cults of devotion also proliferated. Despite problems over the number and quality of clergy after the Black Death in the fourteenth century, and evidence of heresy in the fifteenth century, the Church in Scotland remained stable.
During the sixteenth century, Scotland underwent a Protestant Reformation that created a predominately Calvinist national kirk, which was strongly Presbyterian in outlook. A confession of faith, rejecting papal jurisdiction and the mass, was adopted by Parliament in 1560. The kirk would find it difficult to penetrate the Highlands and Islands, but began a gradual process of conversion and consolidation that, compared with reformations elsewhere, was conducted with relatively little persecution. James IV favoured doctrinal Calvinism but supported the bishops. Charles I brought in reforms seen as a return to papal practice. The result was the Bishop's Wars, in 1639-40 ending in virtual independence for Scotland and the establishment of a fully Presbyterian system by the dominant Covenanters. After the Restoration of the Monarchy in 1660, Scotland regained its kirk, but also the bishops. Particularly in the south-west many of the people here began to attend illegal field conventicles. Suppression of these assemblies in the 1680s known as "the Killing Time". After the "Glorious Revolution" in 1688 Presbyterianism was restored.
The late eighteenth century saw the beginnings of a fragmentation of the Church of Scotland that had been created in the Reformation around issues of government and patronage, but reflected a wider division between the Evangelicals and the Moderate Party. In 1733 the First Secession led to the creation of a series of secessionist churches and the second in 1761 to the foundation of the independent Relief Church. These churches gained strength in the Evangelical Revival of the later eighteenth century. Penetration of the Highlands and Islands remained limited. The efforts of the Kirk were supplemented by missionaries of the SSPCK. Episcopalianism retained supporters, but declined because of its associations with Jacobitism. Beginning in 1834 the "Ten Years' Conflict" ended in a schism from the church led by Dr Thomas Chalmers known as the Great Disruption of 1843. Roughly a third of the clergy, mainly from the North and Highlands, formed the separate Free Church of Scotland. The evangelical Free Churches grew rapidly in the Highlands and Islands. In the late nineteenth century, the major debates were between fundamentalist Calvinists and theological liberals resulted in a further split in the Free Church as the rigid Calvinists broke away to form the Free Presbyterian Church in 1893.
From this point there were moves towards reunion that would ultimately result in the majority of the Free Church rejoining the Church of Scotland in 1929. The schisms left small denominations including the Free Presbyterians and a remnant that had not merged in 1900 as the Free Church. Catholic Emancipation in 1829 and the influx of large numbers of Irish immigrants led to an expansion of Catholicism, with the restoration of the Church hierarchy in 1878. Episcopalianism also revived in the nineteenth century with the Episcopal Church in Scotland being organised as an autonomous body in communion with the Church of England in 1804. Other denominations included Baptists, Congregationalists and Methodists. In the twentieth century, existing Christian denominations were joined by the Brethren and Pentecostal churches. Although some denominations thrived, after World War II there was a steady overall decline in church attendance and resulting church closures for most denominations. Other denominations in Scotland include the Jehovah's Witnesses and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Middle Ages.
Early Christianity.
Christianity was probably introduced to what is now southern Scotland during the Roman occupation of Britain. While the Picts and Scots away from Roman influence would have remained pagan, most scholars presume that Christianity would have survived after the departure of the Romans among the Brythonic enclaves such as Strathclyde, but retreated as the pagan Anglo-Saxons advanced into what is now the Lowlands of Scotland.
In the sixth century missionaries from Ireland were operating on the British mainland. This movement is traditionally associated with the figures of St Ninian, St Kentigern and St Columba. Ninian is now regarded as largely a construct of the Northumbrian church, after the Bernician takeover of Whithorn and conquest of southern Galloway. The name itself is a scribal corruption of Uinniau ('n's and 'u's look almost identical in early insular calligraphy), a saint of probable British extraction who is also known by the Gaelic equivalent of his name, Finnian. Little is known of St Kentigern (died 614), who probably worked in the Strathclyde region. St Columba was probably a disciple of Uinniau. He left Ireland and founded the monastery at Iona off the West Coast of Scotland in 563 and from there carried out missions to the Scots of Dál Riata, who are traditionally seen as having colonised the West of modern Scotland from what is now Ireland, and the Picts, thought to be the descendants of the Caledonians that existed beyond the control of the Roman Empire in the North and East. However, it seems likely that both the Scots and Picts had already begun to convert to Christianity before this.
Celtic Church.
Early Pictish religion is presumed to have resembled Celtic polytheism in general. The date at which Pictish kings converted to Christianity is uncertain, but there are traditions which place Saint Palladius in Pictland after leaving Ireland, and link Abernethy with Saints Brigid and Darlugdach of Kildare. Saint Patrick refers to "apostate Picts", while the poem "Y Gododdin" does not remark on the Picts as pagans. Conversion of the Pictish élite seems likely to have run over a considerable period, beginning in the fifth century and not complete until the seventh. Recent archaeological work at Portmahomack places the foundation of the monastery there, an area once assumed to be among the last converted, in the late sixth century. This is contemporary with Bridei mac Maelchon and Columba. The process of establishing Christianity throughout Pictland will have extended over a much longer period. Pictland was not solely influenced by Iona and Ireland. It also had ties to churches in England, as seen in the reign of Nechtan mac Der Ilei. The reported expulsion of Ionan monks and clergy by Nechtan in 717 may have been related to the controversy over the dating of Easter, and the manner of tonsure, where Nechtan appears to have supported the Roman usages, but may equally have been intended to increase royal power over the church. Nonetheless, the evidence of place names suggests a wide area of Ionan influence in Pictland. Likewise, the "Cáin Adomnáin" (Law of Adomnán, "Lex Innocentium") counts Nechtan's brother Bridei among its guarantors.
Gaelic monasticism.
Physically Scottish monasteries differed significantly from those on the continent, and were often an isolated collection of wooden huts surrounded by a wall. The Irish architectural influence can be seen in surviving round towers at Brechin and Abernethy. Some early Scottish establishments had dynasties of abbots, who were often secular clergy with families, most famously at Dunkeld and Brechin; but these also existed across Scotland north of the Forth, as at Portmahomack, Mortlach, and Abernethy. Perhaps in reaction to this secularisation, a reforming movement of monks called "Céli Dé" (lit. "vassals of God"), anglicised as culdees, began in Ireland and spread to Scotland in the late eighth and early ninth centuries. Some Céli Dé took vows of chastity and poverty and while some lived individually as hermits, others lived beside or within existing monasteries. In most cases, even after the introduction of new forms of reformed monasticism from the eleventh century, these Céli Dé were not replaced and the tradition continued in parallel with the new foundations until the thirteenth century.
Scottish monasticism played a major part in the Hiberno-Scottish mission, by which Scottish and Irish clergy undertook missions to the expanding Frankish Empire. They founded monasteries, often called Schottenklöster (meaning "Gaelic monasteries" in German), most of which became Benedictine establishments in what is now Germany. Scottish monks, such as St Cathróe of Metz, became local saints in the region.
Continental monasticism.
The introduction of continental forms of monasticism to Scotland is associated with Saxon princess Queen Margaret (c. 1045–93), the second wife of Máel Coluim III (r. 1058–93). Lanfranc, Archbishop of Canterbury provided monks for a new Benedictine abbey at Dunfermline (c. 1070). Subsequent foundations under Edgar (r. 1097-1107), Alexander (r. 1107–24) and David I (r. 1124–53), tended from the religious orders that originated in France in the eleventh and twelfth centuries and followed the Cluniac Reforms. The Augustinians, established their first priory in Scotland at Scone, with the sponsorship by Alexander I in 1115. By the early thirteenth century Augustinians had settled alongside, taken over or reformed "Céli Dé" establishments at St Andrews, St Serf's Inch, Inchcolm, Inchmahome, Inchaffray, Restenneth and Iona, and had created numerous new establishments, such as Holyrood Abbey. The Cistercians, had foundations, at Melrose (1136) and Dundrennan (1142), and the Tironensians, at Selkirk, then Kelso, Arbroath, Lindores and Kilwinning. Cluniacs founded an abbey at Paisley, the Premonstratensians, had foundations at Whithorn and the Valliscaulians, named after their first monastery at Val-des-Choux in Burgundy, at Pluscarden. The military orders entered Scotland under David I, with the Knights Templer founding Balantrodoch in Midlothian and the Knights Hospitallers being given Torphichen, West Lothian.
Ecclesia Scoticana.
Before the Norman period, Scotland had little clear diocesan structure. There were bishoprics based on various ancient churches, but some are very obscure in the records and there appear to be long vacancies. From around 1070, in the reign of Malcolm III, there was a "Bishop of Alba" resident at St. Andrews, but it is not clear what authority he had over the other bishops. After the Norman Conquest of England, the Archbishops of both Canterbury and York each claimed superiority over the Scottish church. When David I secured the appointment of John, a Tironensian monk, as Bishop of Glasgow around 1113, Thurstan Archbishop of York demanded the new bishop's submission. A long running dispute followed, with John travelling to Rome to unsuccessfully appeal his case before pope Calixtus II. John continued to withhold his submission despite papal pressure to do so. A new bishopric of Carlisle was created in what is now northern England, claimed as part of the Glasgow diocese and as territory by David I. In 1126 a new bishop was appointed to the southern Diocese of Galloway based at Whithorn, who offered his submission to York, a practice which would continue until the fifteenth century. David sent John to Rome to lobby for the Bishop of St. Andrew's to be made an independent archbishop. At one point David and his bishops threatened to transfer their allegiance to the anti-pope Anacletus II. When Bishop John died in 1147 David was able to appoint another Tironensian monk, Herbert abbot of Kelso, as his successor and submission to York continued to be withheld. The church in Scotland attained independent status after the Papal Bull of Celestine III ("Cum universi", 1192) by which all Scottish bishoprics except Galloway became formally independent of York and Canterbury. However, unlike Ireland which had been granted four Archbishoprics in the same century, Scotland received no Archbishop and the whole "Ecclesia Scoticana", with individual Scottish bishoprics (except Whithorn/Galloway), became the "special daughter of the see of Rome". It was run by special councils of made up of all the Scottish bishops, with the bishop of St Andrews emerging as the most important figure.
Clerics.
Up until the early fourteenth century, the Papacy minimised the problem of clerical pluralism, but with relatively poor livings and a shortage of clergy, particularly after the Black Death, in the fifteenth century the number of clerics holding two or more livings rapidly increased. This meant that parish clergy were largely drawn from the lower and less educated ranks of the profession, leading to frequent complaints about their standards of education or ability, although there is little clear evidence that this was actually declining. As elsewhere in Europe, the collapse of papal authority in the Papal Schism had allowed the Scottish crown to gain effective control of major ecclesiastical appointments within the kingdom, a position recognised by the Papacy in 1487. This led to the placement of clients and relatives of the king in key positions, including James IV's illegitimate son Alexander, who was nominated as Archbishop of St. Andrews at the age of eleven, intensifying royal influence and also opening the Church to accusations of venality and nepotism. Despite this, relationships between the Scottish crown and the Papacy were generally good, with James IV receiving tokens of papal favour.
Saints.
Like every other Christian country, one of the main features of Medieval Scotland was the Cult of Saints. Saints of Irish origin who were particularly revered included various figures called St Faelan and St. Colman, and saints Findbar and Finan. Columba remained a major figure into the fourteenth century and a new foundation was endowed by William I (r. 1165-1214) at Arbroath Abbey. In Strathclyde the most important saint was St Kentigern, whose cult (under the pet name St. Mungo) became focused in Glasgow. In Lothian it was St Cuthbert, whose relics were carried across the Northumbria after Lindisfarne was sacked by the Vikings before being installed in Durham Cathedral. After his martyrdom around 1115, a cult emerged in Orkney, Shetland and northern Scotland around Magnus Erlendsson, Earl of Orkney. The cult of St Andrew was established on the east coast at Kilrymont by the Pictish kings as early as the eighth century. The shrine, which from the twelfth century was said to have contained the relics of the saint brought to Scotland by Saint Regulus. By the twelfth century it had become known simply as St. Andrews and it became increasingly associated with Scottish national identity and the royal family. Queen Margaret, was canonised in 1250 and after the ceremonial transfer of her remains to Dunfermline Abbey, emerged as one of most revered national saints. In the late Middle Ages the "international" cults, particularity those centred on the Virgin Mary and Christ, but also St Joseph, St. Anne, the Three Kings and the Apostles, would become more significant in Scotland.
Popular religion.
Traditional Protestant historiography tended to stress the corruption and unpopularity of the late medieval Scottish church, but more recent research has indicated the ways in which it met the spiritual needs of different social groups. Historians have discerned a decline of monasticism in this period, with many religious houses keeping smaller numbers of monks, and those remaining often abandoning communal living for a more individual and secular lifestyle. New monastic endowments from the nobility also declined in the fifteenth century. In contrast, the burghs saw the flourishing of mendicant orders of friars in the later fifteenth century, who placed an emphasis on preaching and ministering to the population. The order of Observant Friars were organised as a Scottish province from 1467 and the older Franciscans and Dominicans were recognised as separate provinces in the 1480s. In most burghs, in contrast to English towns where churches tended to proliferate, there was usually only one parish church, but as the doctrine of Purgatory gained in importance in the period, the number of chapelries, priests and masses for the dead within them grew rapidly, The number of altars to saints also grew dramatically, with St. Mary's in Dundee having perhaps 48 and St Giles' in Edinburgh over 50, as did the number of saints celebrated in Scotland, with about 90 being added to the missal used in St Nicholas church in Aberdeen. New cults of devotion connected with Jesus and the Virgin Mary also began to reach Scotland in the fifteenth century, including The Five Wounds, The Holy Blood and The Holy Name of Jesus and new feasts including The Presentation, The Visitation and Mary of the Snows. There were further attempts to differentiate Scottish liturgical practice from that in England, with a printing press established under royal patent in 1507 in order to replace the English Sarum Use for services. Heresy, in the form of Lollardry, began to reach Scotland from England and Bohemia in the early fifteenth century, but despite evidence of a number of burnings and some apparent support for its anti-sacramental elements, it probably remained a relatively small movement.
Early modern.
Reformation.
Early Protestantism.
During the sixteenth century, Scotland underwent a Protestant Reformation that created a predominately Calvinist national kirk, which was strongly Presbyterian in outlook, severely reducing the powers of bishops, although not abolishing them. In the earlier part of the century, the teachings of first Martin Luther and then John Calvin began to influence Scotland, particularly through Scottish scholars who had visited continental and English universities and who had often trained in the Catholic priesthood. English influence was also more direct, supplying books and distributing Bibles and Protestant literature in the Lowlands when they invaded in 1547. Particularly important was the work of the Lutheran Scot Patrick Hamilton. His execution with other Protestant preachers in 1528, and of the Zwingli-influenced George Wishart in 1546, who was burnt at the stake in St. Andrews on the orders of Cardinal Beaton, did nothing to stem the growth of these ideas. Wishart's supporters, who included a number of Fife lairds, assassinated Beaton soon after and seized St. Andrews Castle, which they held for a year before they were defeated with the help of French forces. The survivors, including chaplain John Knox, being condemned to be galley slaves, helping to create resentment of the French and martyrs for the Protestant cause.
Reformation settlement.
Limited toleration and the influence of exiled Scots and Protestants in other countries, led to the expansion of Protestantism, with a group of lairds declaring themselves Lords of the Congregation in 1557 and representing their interests politically. The collapse of the French alliance and English intervention in 1560 meant that a relatively small, but highly influential, group of Protestants were in a position to impose reform on the Scottish church. A confession of faith, rejecting papal jurisdiction and the mass, was adopted by Parliament in 1560, while the young Mary, Queen of Scots, was still in France. Knox, having escaped the galleys and spent time in Geneva, where he became a follower of Calvin, emerged as the most significant figure. The Calvinism of the reformers led by Knox resulted in a settlement that adopted a Presbyterian system and rejected most of the elaborate trappings of the Medieval church. By the 1590s Scotland was organized into about fifty presbyteries with about twenty ministers in each. Above them stood a dozen or so synods and at the apex the general assembly. This gave considerable power within the new kirk to local lairds (landowners), who often had control over the appointment of the clergy, and resulting in widespread, but generally orderly, iconoclasm. At this point the majority of the population was probably still Catholic in persuasion and the kirk would find it difficult to penetrate the Highlands and Islands, but began a gradual process of conversion and consolidation that, compared with reformations elsewhere, was conducted with relatively little persecution.
James VI.
The reign of the Catholic Mary, Queen of Scots eventually ended in civil war, deposition, imprisonment and execution in England.
Her infant son James VI was crowned King of Scots in 1567. He was brought up as a Protestant, while the country was run by a series of regents. After he asserted his personal rule from 1583 he favoured doctrinal Calvinism, but also episcopacy. His inheritance of the English crown led to rule via the Privy Council from London. He also increasingly controlled the meetings of the Scottish General Assembly and increased the number and powers of the Scottish bishops. In 1618, he held a General Assembly and pushed through "Five Articles", which included practices that had been retained in England, but largely abolished in Scotland, most controversially kneeling for the reception of communion. Although ratified, they created widespread opposition and resentment and were seen by many as a step back to Catholic practice.
Seventeenth century.
Covenanters.
James VI was succeeded by his son Charles I in 1625. The father had divided his opponents; the son united them. Charles relied heavily on the bishops, particularly John Spottiswood, Archbishop of St. Andrews, eventually making him chancellor. At the beginning of his reign, Charles' revocation of alienated lands since 1542 helped secure the finances of the kirk, but it threatened the holdings of the nobility who had gained from the Reformation settlement. In 1635, without reference to a general assembly of the Parliament, the king authorised a book of canons that made him head of the Church, ordained an unpopular ritual and enforced the use of a new liturgy. When the liturgy emerged in 1637 it was seen as an English-style Prayer Book, resulting in anger and widespread rioting, said to have been set off with the throwing of a stool by one Jenny Geddes during a service in St Giles Cathedral. The Protestant nobility put themselves at the head of the popular opposition. Representatives of various sections of Scottish society drew up the National Covenant on 28 February 1638, objecting to the King's liturgical innovations. The king's supporters were unable to suppress the rebellion and the king refused to compromise. In December 1638 at a meeting of the General Assembly in Glasgow, the Scottish bishops were formally expelled from the Church, which was then established on a full Presbyterian basis.
War of Three Kingdoms.
The Scots and the king both assembled armies and after two Bishop's Wars in 1639 and 1640 the Scots emerged the victors. Charles capitulated, leaving the Covenanters in independent control of the country. He was forced to recall the English Parliament, resulting in the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642. The Covenanters sided with Parliament and in 1643 they entered into a Solemn League and Covenant, guaranteeing the Scottish Church settlement and promising further reform in England. By 1646 a Royalist campaign in the Highlands and the Royalists in England had been defeated and the king had surrendered. Relations with the English Parliament and the increasingly independent English New Model Army became strained and control of Scotland country fell under the control of those willing to compromise with the king. The resulting Engagement with the King led to a Second Civil War and a defeat for a Scottish invading army at Battle of Preston, by the New Model Army led by Oliver Cromwell. After the coup of the Whiggamore Raid, the Kirk Party regained control in Scotland.
Commonwealth.
After the execution of the king in January 1649 England was declared a commonwealth and the Scots declared his son king as Charles II. The English responded with an armed invasion and after defeats for the Scots at Dunbar in 1650 and Worcester in 1651, the English occupied the country in 1652 and Scotland was declared part of the Commonwealth. The Kirk became deeply divided, partly in the search for scapegoats for defeat. Different factions and tendencies produced rival resolutions and protests, which gave their names to the two major parties as Resolutioners, who were willing to make an accommodation with royalism, and more hard line Protesters who wished to purge the Kirk of such associations. Subsequently the divide between rival camps became almost irrevocable. The regime accepted Presbyterianism as a valid system, but did not accept that it was the only legitimate form of church organisation and the Kirk functioned much as before. Toleration, did not extend to Episcopalians and Catholics, but if they did not call attention to themselves they were largely left alone.
Restoration.
After the Restoration of the Monarchy in 1660, Scotland regained its kirk, but also the bishops. Legislation was revoked back to 1633, removing the Covenanter gains of the Bishops' Wars, but the discipline of kirk sessions, presbyteries and synods were renewed. The reintroduction of episcopacy was a source of particular trouble in the south-west of the country, an area with strong Presbyterian sympathies. Abandoning the official church, many of the people here began to attend illegal field assemblies led by excluded ministers, known as conventicles. Official attempts to suppress these led to a rising in 1679, defeated by James, Duke of Monmouth, the King's illegitimate son, at the Battle of Bothwell Bridge. In the early 1680s a more intense phase of persecution began, in what was later to be known in Protestant historiography as "the Killing Time", with dissenters summarily executed by the dragoons of James Graham, Laird of Claverhouse or sentenced to transportation or death by Sir George Mackenzie, the Lord Advocate.
Glorious Revolution.
Charles died in 1685 and his brother succeeded him as James VII of Scotland (and II of England). James put Catholics in key positions in the government and even attendance at a conventicle was made punishable by death. He disregarded parliament, purged the Council and forced through religious toleration to Roman Catholics, alienating his Protestant subjects. It was believed that the king would be succeeded by his daughter Mary, a Protestant and the wife of William of Orange, Stadtholder of the Netherlands, but when in 1688, James produced a male heir, James Francis Edward Stuart, it was clear that his policies would outlive him. An invitation by seven leading Englishmen led William to land in England with 40,000 men, and James fled, leading to the almost bloodless "Glorious Revolution". The final settlement restored Presbyterianism in Scotland and abolished the bishops, who had generally supported James. However, William, who was more tolerant than the kirk tended to be, passed acts restoring the Episcopalian clergy excluded after the Revolution.
Modern.
Eighteenth century.
The late eighteenth century saw the beginnings of a fragmentation of the Church of Scotland that had been created in the Reformation. These fractures were prompted by issues of government and patronage, but reflected a wider division between the Evangelicals and the Moderate Party over fears of fanaticism by the former and the acceptance of Enlightenment ideas by the latter. The legal right of lay patrons to present clergymen of their choice to local ecclesiastical livings led to minor schisms from the church. The first in 1733, known as the First Secession and headed by figures including Ebenezer Erskine, led to the creation of a series of secessionist churches. The second in 1761 lead to the foundation of the independent Relief Church. These churches gained strength in the Evangelical Revival of the later eighteenth century.
Long after the triumph of the Church of Scotland in the Lowlands, Highlanders and Islanders clung to an old-fashioned Christianity infused with animistic folk beliefs and practices. The remoteness of the region and the lack of a Gaelic-speaking clergy undermined the missionary efforts of the established church. The later eighteenth century saw some success, owing to the efforts of the SSPCK missionaries and to the disruption of traditional society. Catholicism had been reduced to the fringes of the country, particularly the Gaelic-speaking areas of the Highlands and Islands. Conditions also grew worse for Catholics after the Jacobite rebellions and Catholicism was reduced to little more than a poorly-run mission. Also important was Episcopalianism, which had retained supporters through the civil wars and changes of regime in the seventeenth century. Since most Episcopalians had given their support to the Jacobite rebellions in the early eighteenth century, they also suffered a decline in fortunes.
Nineteenth century.
After prolonged years of struggle, in 1834 the Evangelicals gained control of the General Assembly and passed the Veto Act, which allowed congregations to reject unwanted "intrusive" presentations to livings by patrons. The following "Ten Years' Conflict" of legal and political wrangling ended in defeat for the non-intrusionists in the civil courts. The result was a schism from the church by some of the non-intrusionists led by Dr Thomas Chalmers known as the Great Disruption of 1843. Roughly a third of the clergy, mainly from the North and Highlands, formed the separate Free Church of Scotland. The evangelical Free Churches, which were more accepting of Gaelic language and culture, grew rapidly in the Highlands and Islands, appealing much more strongly than did the established church. Chalmers's ideas shaped the breakaway group. He stressed a social vision that revived and preserved Scotland's communal traditions at a time of strain on the social fabric of the country. Chalmers's idealized small equalitarian, kirk-based, self-contained communities that recognized the individuality of their members and the need for cooperation. That vision also affected the mainstream Presbyterian churches, and by the 1870s it had been assimilated by the established Church of Scotland. Chalmers's ideals demonstrated that the church was concerned with the problems of urban society, and they represented a real attempt to overcome the social fragmentation that took place in industrial towns and cities.
In the late nineteenth century, the major debates were between fundamentalist Calvinists and theological liberals, who rejected a literal interpretation of the Bible. This resulted in a further split in the Free Church as the rigid Calvinists broke away to form the Free Presbyterian Church in 1893. There were, however, also moves towards reunion, beginning with the unification of some secessionist churches into the United Secession Church in 1820, which united with the Relief Church in 1847 to form the United Presbyterian Church, which in turn joined with the Free Church in 1900 to form the United Free Church of Scotland. The removal of legislation on lay patronage would allow the majority of the Free Church to rejoin Church of Scotland in 1929. The schisms left small denominations including the Free Presbyterians and a remnant that had not merged in 1900 as the Free Church.
Catholic Emancipation in 1829 and the influx of large numbers of Irish immigrants, particularly after the famine years of the late 1840s, principally to the growing lowland centres like Glasgow, led to a transformation in the fortunes of Catholicism. In 1878, despite opposition, a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical hierarchy was restored to the country, and Catholicism became a significant denomination within Scotland. Episcopalianism also revived in the nineteenth century as the issue of succession receded, becoming established as the Episcopal Church in Scotland in 1804, as an autonomous organisation in communion with the Church of England. Baptist, Congregationalist and Methodist churches had appeared in Scotland in the 18th, but did not begin significant growth until the nineteenth century, partly because more radical and evangelical traditions already existed within the Church of Scotland and the free churches. From 1879, they were joined by the evangelical revivalism of the Salvation Army, which attempted to make major inroads in the growing urban centres.
Contemporary Christianity.
In the twentieth century, existing Christian denominations were joined by other organisations, including the Brethren and Pentecostal churches. Although some denominations thrived, after World War II there was a steady overall decline in church attendance and resulting church closures for most denominations. In the 2001 census 42.4 per cent of the population identified with the Church of Scotland, 15.9 per cent with Catholicism and 6.8 with other forms of Christianity, making up roughly 65 per cent of the population (compared with 72 per cent for the UK as a whole). Other denominations in Scotland include the Jehovah's Witnesses, Methodists, the Congregationalists, and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 5.5 per cent did not state a religion. There were 27.5 per cent who stated that they had no religion (which compares with 15.5 per cent in the UK overall). Other more recent studies suggest that those not identifying with a denomination or who see themselves as non-religious may be much higher at between 42 and 56 per cent, depending on the form of question asked.
The Church of Scotland, is recognised (under the Church of Scotland Act 1921) as the national church. It is not subject to state control, and the monarch (currently Queen Elizabeth II) is an ordinary member of the Church of Scotland, and is represented at the General Assembly by their Lord High Commissioner.
For much of the twentieth century significant numbers of Catholics emigrated to Scotland from Italy, Lithuania and Poland. However, the church has been affected by the general decline in churchgoing. Between 1994 and 2002 Roman Catholic attendance in Scotland declined 19%, to just over 200,000. By 2008, The Bishops' Conference of Scotland estimated that 184,283 attended mass regularly in 2008 - 3.6% of Scotland's population at that time.
Some parts of Scotland (particularly the West Central Belt around Glasgow) have experienced problems caused by sectarianism. While football rivalry between Protestant and Catholic clubs in most of Scotland, the traditionally Roman Catholic team, Celtic, and the traditionally Protestant team, Rangers have retained sectarian identities. Celtic have employed Protestant players and managers, but Rangers have a tradition of not recruiting Catholics.

</doc>
<doc id="21474889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474889" title="Vector soliton">
Vector soliton

In physical optics or wave optics, a vector soliton is a solitary wave with multiple components coupled together that maintains its shape during propagation. Ordinary solitons maintain their shape but have effectively only one (scalar) polarization component, while vector solitons have two distinct polarization components. Among all the types of solitons, optical vector solitons draw the most attention due to their wide range of applications, particularly in generating ultrafast pulses and light control technology. Optical vector solitons can be classified into temporal vector solitons and spatial vector solitons. During the propagation of both temporal solitons and spatial solitons, despite being in a medium with birefringence, the orthogonal polarizations can copropagate as one unit without splitting due to the strong cross-phase modulation and coherent energy exchange between the two polarizations of the vector soliton which may induce intensity differences between these two polarizations. Thus vector solitons are no longer linearly polarized but rather elliptically polarized.
Definition.
C.R. Menyuk first derived the nonlinear pulse propagation equation in a single-mode optical fiber (SMF) under weak birefringence. Then, Menyuk described vector solitons as two solitons (more accurately called solitary waves) with orthogonal polarizations which co-propagate together without dispersing their energy and while retaining their shapes. Because of nonlinear interaction among these two polarizations, despite the existence of birefringence between these two polarization modes, they could still adjust their group velocity and be trapped together.
Vector solitons can be spatial or temporal, and are formed by two orthogonally polarized components of a single optical field or two fields of different frequencies but the same polarization.
History.
In 1987 Menyuk first derived the nonlinear pulse propagation equation in SMF under weak birefringence. This seminal equation opened up the new field of "scalar" solitons to researchers. His equation concerns the nonlinear interaction (cross-phase modulation and coherent energy exchange) between the two orthogonal polarization components of the vector soliton. Researchers have obtained both analytical and numerical solutions of this equation under weak, moderate and even strong birefringence.
In 1988 Christodoulides and Joseph first theoretically predicted a novel form of phase-locked vector soliton in birefringent dispersive media, which is now known as a high-order phase-locked vector soliton in SMFs. It has two orthogonal polarization components with comparable intensity. Despite of the existence of birefringence, these two polarizations could propagate with the same group velocity as they shift their central frequencies.
In 2000, Cundiff and Akhmediev found that these two polarizations could form not only a so-called group-velocity-locked vector soliton but also a polarization-locked vector soliton. They reported that the intensity ratio of these two polarizations can be about 0.25–1.00.
However, recently, another type of vector soliton, "induced vector soliton" has been observed. Such a vector soliton is novel in that the intensity difference between the two orthogonal polarizations is extremely large (20dB). It seems that weak polarizations are ordinarily unable to form a component of a vector soliton. However, due to the cross-polarizaiton modulation between strong and weak polarization components, a "weak soliton" could also be formed. It thus demonstrates that the soliton obtained is not a "scalar" soliton with a linear polarization mode, but rather a vector soliton with a large ellipticity. This expands the scope of the vector soliton so that the intensity ratio between the strong and weak components of the vector soliton is not limited to 0.25–1.0 but can now extend to 20 dB.
Based on the classic work by Christodoulides and Joseph, which concerns a high-order phase-locked vector soliton in SMFs, a stable high-order phase-locked vector soliton has recently been created in a fiber laser. It has the characteristic that not only are the two orthogonally polarized soliton components phase-locked, but also one of the components has a double-humped intensity profile. 
The following pictures show that, when the fiber birefringence is taken into consideration, a single nonlinear Schrödinger equation (NLSE) fails to describe the soliton dynamics but instead two coupled NLSEs are required. Then, solitons with two polarization modes can be numerically obtained.
FWM spectral sideband in vector soliton.
A new pattern of spectral sidebands was first experimentally observed on the polarization-resolved soliton spectra of the polarization-locked vector solitons of fiber lasers. The new spectral sidebands are characterized by the fact that their positions on the soliton's spectrum vary with the strength of the linear cavity birefringence, and while one polarization component's sideband has a spectral peak, the orthogonal polarization component has a spectral dip, indicating the energy exchange between the two orthogonal polarization components of the vector solitons. Numeric simulations also confirmed that the formation of the new type of spectral sidebands was caused by the FWM between the two polarization components.
Bound vector soliton.
Two adjacent vector solitons could form a bound state. Compared with scalar bound solitons, the polarization state of this soliton is more complex. Because of the cross interactions, the bound vector solitons could have much stronger interaction forces than can exist between scalar solitons.
Vector dark soliton.
Dark solitons are characterized by being formed from a localized reduction of intensity compared to a more intense continuous wave background. Scalar dark solitons (linearly polarized dark solitons) can be formed in all normal dispersion fiber lasers mode-locked by the nonlinear polarizaiton rotation method and can be rather stable. Vector dark solitons are much less stable due to the cross-interaction between the two polarization components. Therefore it is interesting to investigate how the polarization state of these two polarization components evolves.
In 2009, the first dark soliton fiber laser has been successfully achieved in an all-normal dispersion erbium-doped ﬁber laser with a polarizer in cavity. Experimentally finding that apart from the bright pulse emission, under appropriate conditions the ﬁber laser could also emit single or multiple dark pulses. Based on numerical simulations we interpret the dark pulse formation in the laser as a result of dark soliton shaping.
Vector dark bright soliton.
A "bright soliton" is characterized as a localized intensity peak above a continuous wave (CW) background while a dark soliton is featured as a localized intensity dip below a continuous wave (CW) background. "Vector dark bright soliton" means that one polarization state is a bright soliton while the other polarization is a dark soliton. Vector dark bright solitons have been reported in incoherently coupled spatial DBVSs in a self-defocusing medium and matter-wave DBVS in two-species condensates with repulsive scattering interactions, but never verified in the field of optical fiber.
Induced vector soliton.
Using a birefringent cavity fiber laser, an induced vector soliton may be formed due to the cross-coupling between the two orthogonal polarization components. If a strong soliton is formed along one principal polarization axis, then a weak soliton will be induced along the orthogonal polarization axis. The intensity of the weak component in an induced vector soliton may be so weak that by itself it could not form a soliton in the SPM. The characteristics of this type of soliton have been modeled numerically and confirmed by experiment.
Vector dissipative soliton.
A vector dissipative soliton could be formed in a laser cavity with net positive dispersion, and its formation mechanism is a natural result of the mutual nonlinear interaction among the normal cavity dispersion, cavity fiber nonlinear Kerr effect, laser gain saturation and gain bandwidth filtering. For a conventional soliton, it is a balance between only the dispersion and nonlinearity. Differing from a conventional soliton, a Vector dissipative soliton is strongly frequency chirped. It is unknown whether or not a phase-locked gain-guided vector soliton could be formed in a fiber laser: either the polarization-rotating or the phase-locked dissipative vector soliton can be formed in a fiber laser with large net normal cavity group velocity dispersion. In addition, multiple vector dissipative solitons with identical soliton parameters and harmonic mode-locking to the conventional dissipative vector soliton can also be formed in a passively mode-locked fiber laser with a SESAM.
Multiwavelength dissipative soliton.
Recently,multiwavelength dissipative soliton in an all normal dispersion fiber laser passively mode-locked with a SESAM has been generated. It is found that depending on the cavity birefringence, stable single-, dual- and triple-wavelength dissipative soliton can be formed in the laser. Its generation mechanism can be traced back to the nature of dissipative soliton.
Polarization rotation of vector soliton.
In scalar solitons, the output polarization is always linear due to the existence of an in-cavity polarizer. But for vector solitons, the polarization state can be rotating arbitrarily but still locked to the cavity round-trip time or an integer multiple thereof.
Higher-order vector soliton.
In higher-order vector solitons, not only are the two orthogonally polarized soliton components phase-locked, but also one of the components has a double-humped intensity profile. Multiple such phase-locked high-order vector solitons with identical soliton parameters and harmonic mode-locking of the vector solitons have also been obtained in lasers. Numerical simulations confirmed the existence of stable high-order vector solitons in fiber lasers.
Optical domain wall soliton.
Recently,a phase-locked dark-dark vector soliton was only observed in fiber lasers of positive dispersion, a phase-locked dark-bright vector soliton was obtained in fiber lasers of either positive or negative dispersion. Numerical simulations confirmed the experimental observations, and further showed that the observed vector solitons are the two types of phase-locked polarization domain-wall solitons theoretically predicted.
Vector soliton fiber laser with atomic layer graphene.
Except the conventional semiconductor saturable absorber mirrors (SESAMs), which use III–V semiconductor multiple quantum wells grown on distributed Bragg reﬂectors (DBRs),many researchers have turned their attention onto other materials as saturable absorbers. Especially because there are a number of drawbacks associated with SESAMs. For example, SESAMs require complex and costly clean-room-based fabrication systems such as Metal-Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition (MOCVD) or Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE), and an additional substrate removal process is needed in some cases; high-energy heavy-ion implantation is required to introduce defect sites in order to reduce the device recovery time (typically a few nanoseconds) to the picosecond regime required for short-pulse laser mode-locking applications; since the SESAM is a reflective device, its use is restricted to only certain types of linear cavity topologies. 
Other laser cavity topologies such as the ring-cavity design, which requires a transmission-mode device, which offers advantages such as doubling the repetition rate for a given cavity length, and which is less sensitive to reflection-induced instability with the use of optical isolators, is not possible unless an optical circulator is employed, which increases cavity loss and laser complexity; SESAMs also suffer from a low optical damage threshold. But there had been no alternative saturable absorbing materials to compete with SESAMs for the passive mode-locking of fiber lasers.
Recently, by the virtue of the saturable absorption properties in single wall carbon nanotubes (SWCNTs) in the near-infrared region with ultrafast saturation recovery times of ~1 picosecond, researchers have successfully produced a new type of effective saturable absorber quite different from SESAMs in structure and fabrication, and has, in fact, led to the demonstration of pico- or subpicosecond erbium-doped ﬁber (EDF) lasers. In these lasers, solid SWCNT saturable absorbers have been formed by direct deposition of SWCNT ﬁlms onto ﬂat glass substrates, mirror substrates, or end facets of optical ﬁbers. However, the non-uniform chiral properties of SWNTs present inherent problems for precise control of the properties of the saturable absorber. Furthermore, the presence of bundled and entangled SWNTs, catalyst particles, and the formation of bubbles cause high nonsaturable losses in the cavity, despite the fact that the polymer host can circumvent some of these problems to some extent and afford ease of device integration. In addition, under large energy ultrashort pulses multi-photon effect induced oxidation occurs, which degrades the long term stability of the absorber. 
Graphene is a single two-dimensional (2D) atomic layer of carbon atom arranged in a hexagonal lattice. Although as an isolated film it is a zero bandgap semiconductor, it is found that like the SWCNTs, graphene also possesses saturable absorption. In particular, as it has no bandgap, its saturable absorption is wavelength independent. It is potentially possible to use graphene or graphene-polymer composite to made a wideband saturable absorber for laser mode locking. Furthermore, comparing with the SWCNTs, as graphene has a 2D structure it should have much smaller non-saturable loss and much higher damage threshold. Indeed, with an erbium-doped fiber laser we self-started mode locking and stable soliton pulse emission with high energy have been achieved.
Due to the perfect isotropic absorption properties of graphene, the generated solitons could be regarded as vector solitons. How the evolution of vector soliton under the interaction of graphene was still unclear but interesting, particularly because it involved the mutual interaction of nonlinear optical wave with the atoms., which was highlighted in Nature Asia Materials and nanowerk.
Furthermore, atomic layer graphene possesses wavelength-insensitive ultrafast saturable absorption, which can be exploited as a “full-band” mode locker. With an erbium-doped dissipative soliton fiber laser mode locked with few layer graphene, it has been experimentally shown that dissipative solitons with continuous wavelength tuning as large as 30 nm (1570 nm-1600 nm) can be obtained.

</doc>
<doc id="21474893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474893" title="Arthur Blackburne Poynton">
Arthur Blackburne Poynton

Arthur Blackburne Poynton (1867–1944) was a classical scholar. He was a Fellow and later Master of University College, Oxford.
Arthur Poynton studied at Balliol College, Oxford from 1885. He was Fellow and Tutor at University College, Oxford from 1894, and Bursar from 1900 to 1935. At University College, he was tutor to the author and academic C. S. Lewis and the classical scholar E. R. Dodds. He was also Public Orator at Oxford University for seven years.
Poynton died during World War II as the result of a motor car accident in the High Street at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21474902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474902" title="Xi Hydrae">
Xi Hydrae

Xi Hydrae (ξ Hya, ξ Hydrae) is a fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Hydra. The star is situated 130 light-years from Earth and has a radius about 10 times that of the Sun. It is radiating 58 times as much luminosity as the Sun. The star is now approaching the end of its life, and has expanded its outer envelope to become a red giant star.
The star Xi Hya was particularly interesting in the field of asteroseismology when an international group of astronomers discovered that it behaves like a giant sub-ultra-bass musical instrument.
Xi Hydrae was a latter designation of 19 Crateris. 

</doc>
<doc id="21474904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474904" title="Keita Gotō (industrialist)">
Keita Gotō (industrialist)

Education and civil service career.
Gotō was born as Keita Kobayashi in the village of Aoki in Nagano Prefecture. After graduating from high school in the nearby city of Matsumoto, he returned to his native village as a grade school teacher. In 1902 he entered what is now the University of Tsukuba, and in 1907 entered the law department of Tokyo Imperial University. After graduating, he entered the Agriculture Ministry at the relatively late age of 29, and three years later transferred to the Ministry of Transport, where he was involved in supervising the national railway system.
In 1912, while still working in the Agriculture Ministry, he married the daughter of an engineer and subsequently assumed her family name, Gotō.
Business career.
In 1920, Gotō was offered the post of Director of the Musashi Railway, a struggling company in need of capital to finance its expansion. He accepted and by 1924 had acquired a controlling interest in the company, using the profits from other railway ventures in the Tokyo area. This was the first of many acquisitions in which Gotō bought weak companies and transformed them into profitable members of a growing railway and real estate group.
It was also around this time that he persuaded the Tokyo Institute of Technology to relocate along his railway from its former campus, which had been damaged in the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake. Over the next 10 years, this was followed by relocation assistance to several other schools and universities, including the Nippon Medical School and the high school of Tokyo Gakugei University. Together with numerous new residential developments along the railways, this strategy brought steady passengers and increased the value of the company's real estate holdings.
By the time of his death in 1959, his strategy of aggressive acquisitions had built the Tokyu Group into one of Japan's largest corporate empires, with businesses ranging from railways and department stores to hospitals, schools, and leisure and entertainment companies.
Art collection.
In his later years, Gotō was a noted collector of Japanese and Asian art. His collection included several National Treasures, including calligraphy, ceramics, and one of the four surviving 13th-century Tale of Genji illustrated handscrolls. The collection is now preserved in the Gotoh Museum in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="21474906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474906" title="Traditional ecological knowledge">
Traditional ecological knowledge

Traditional ecological knowledge (TEK) describes aboriginal, indigenous, or other forms of traditional knowledges regarding sustainability of local resources. TEK refers to "a cumulative body of knowledge, belief, and practice, evolving by accumulation of TEK and handed down through generations through traditional songs, stories and beliefs. concerns the relationship of living beings (including human) with their traditional groups and with their environment." TEK is commonly used in natural resource management as a substitute for baseline environmental data to measure changes over time in remote regions that have little recorded scientific data.
The use of TEK in management and science is controversial since methods of acquiring and accumulating TEK, although often including forms of empirical research and experimentation, differ from those used to create and validate Western scientific ecological knowledge (SEK).
There is a debate whether holders of TEK (i.e., Indigenous populations) retain an intellectual property right over traditional knowledge and whether use of this knowledge requires prior permission and license. This is especially complicated because TEK is most frequently preserved as oral tradition and as such may lack objectively confirmed documentation. Ironically, those same methods that might resolve the issue of documentation compromise the very nature of traditional knowledge.
TEK is often used to sustain local populations and maintain resources necessary for survival. However, it can be weakened or invalidated in the context of rapid climate change, environmental impact, or other situations in which significant alterations of ecosystems render TEK weak or obsolete.
TEK can also be referred to as "traditional "environmental" knowledge" which emphasizes the different components and interactions of the environment. More specifically it contains the knowledge of species of both animals and plants, and biophysical characteristics of the environment through space and time. However Traditional Ecological Knowledge and Traditional Environmental Knowledge can be used interchangeably due to the nature of both terms being synonymous where both emphasize the cultural relations with the environment and non-human relations with animals.
Faces of traditional ecological knowledge.
The faces of TEK provide different typologies in how it is utilized and understood. These typologies are good indicators in how TEK is used from different perspectives and how they are interconnected, providing more emphasis on "cooperative management to better identify areas of difference and convergence when attempting to bring two ways of thinking and knowing together."
Factual observations.
The first face of TEK incorporates the factual, specific observations generated by recognition, naming, and classification of discrete components of the environment. This aspect of TEK is about understanding the interrelationship with species and their surrounding environment. It is also a set of both empirical observations and information emphasizing the aspects of animals and their behavior, and habitat, and the physical characteristics of species, and animal abundance. Therefore this type of "empirical knowledge consists of a set of generalized observations conducted over a long period of time and reinforced by accounts of other TEK holders."
Management systems.
The second face refers to the ethical and sustainable use of resources in regards to management systems. This is achieved through strategic planning to ensure resource conservation. More specifically this face involves dealing with pest management, resource conversion, multiple cropping patterns, and methods for estimating the state of resources.
Past and current uses.
The third face refers to time dimension aspect of traditional ecological knowledge, focusing on the past and current uses of the environment transmitted through oral history. Oral history is also used to transmit cultural heritage through generation to generation to maintain the sense of family and community.
Ethics and values.
The fourth face refers to value statements and connections between the belief system and the organization of facts. In regards to TEK it refers to environmental ethics that keeps exploitative abilities in check. This face also refers to the expression of values concerning the relationship with the habitats of species and their surrounding environment - the human-relationship environment.
Culture and identity.
The fifth face refers to the role of language and images of the past giving life to culture. The relationship between Aboriginals (original inhabitants) and their environment are vital to sustaining the cultural components that define them. This face reflects the stories, values, and social relations that reside in places as contributing to the survival, reproduction, and evolution of aboriginal cultures, and identities. It also stresses "the restorative benefits of cultural landscapes as places for renewal"
Cosmology.
This last face of TEK is a culturally based cosmology that is the foundation of the other faces stated. The combination of these faces relates to the assumptions and beliefs about how things work, and explains the way in which things are connected, and gives principles that regulate human-animal relations and the role of humans in the world. From an anthropological perspective, cosmology attempts to understand the human-animal relationship and how these directly influence social relationships, obligations toward community members, and management practices.
Ecosystem management theory.
Ecosystem management is a multifaceted and holistic approach to natural resource management. It incorporates both science and traditional ecological knowledge to collect data from long term measures that science cannot. This is achieved by scientists and researchers collaborating with Indigenous peoples through a consensus decision-making process while meeting the socioeconomic, political and cultural needs of current and future generations.
Case study: Gwaii Haanas.
The case study on Gwaii Haanas serves as an excellent example of the use of TEK and science together to foster natural resource management. In agreement with the Haida Nation, the Canadian Government designated Gwaii Haanas as a National Park Reserve to govern its cultural heritage and ecological importance. This process is achieved through cooperative management that engage in solutions to implement strategies to managing the terrestrial and marine areas. This cooperative management tactic established the Archipelago Management Board (AMB) in which they will manage the uses and resources of Gwaii Haanas.
Kaitiakitanga.
The long-established Māori system of environmental management is holistic. It is a system that ensures harmony within the environment, providing a process of, as well as preventing intrusions that cause permanent imbalances and guards against environment damage. Kaitiakitanga is a concept that has "roots deeply embedded in the complex code of tikanga”. Kaitiakitanga is a broad notion which includes the following ideas: guardianship, care, wise management. However, while kaitiakitanga is a proactive and preventative approach to environmental management, this traditional management system has not always had an opportunity to address large scale environmental degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="21474911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474911" title="Subanon people">
Subanon people

The name Subanon (also spelled Subanen or Subanun) means "river people", which is derived from the word ""suba"" or river. The Subanon, also known in the Anglicized form as "Subanen," is a tribe indigenous to the Zamboanga Peninsula area, particularly living in the mountainous areas of Zamboanga del Sur and Misamis Occidental. The Subanon people speak the Subanon language. 
As the name implies, these people originally lived along riverbanks in the lowlands, however due to disturbances and competitions from other settlers like the Moslems, these peace-loving people are now found residing in the mountains. 
The Subanons regularly move from one location to another to clear more forest for fields. They cultivate crops, with rice as the most important crop, but they are also known to raise livestock including pigs, chickens, cattle, and water buffaloes. Subanon houses are built along hillsides and ridges overlooking family fields. The homes are usually rectangular and raised on stilts with thatched roofs.
Culture.
Subanens do not practice division of labor based on sex. Men and women work in the fields together, and men can cook and care for the children when necessary. Subanons have little social stratification. Everyone is equal in the Subanon community because everyone has the same family for several years if he cannot afford to pay the shamaya. It is considered a blessing to have more daughters than sons because the father will be able to recover the dowry he paid for his wife. There is a general belief that all human beings should marry.
Faith.
The tribe believes in a supreme being they call ""Diwata Migbebaya"". Education among these people was limited to instruction by the" Timuay" or the tribal head. The tribe has no religion although it is believed that they had a holy book at one time.

</doc>
<doc id="21474948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474948" title="A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge">
A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge

A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (BABOK) is the written guide to the collection of business analysis knowledge reflecting current best practice, providing a framework that describes the areas of knowledge, with associated activities and tasks and techniques required.
According to Capability Maturity Model Integration, organisations interested in process improvement need to adopt industry standards from the "Business Analysis Body of Knowledge" (and other associated references) to lift their project delivery from the "ad hoc" to the "managed" level.
History.
The BABOK was first published by the International Institute of Business Analysis ("IIBA") as a draft document "version 1.4", in October 2005, for consultation with the wider business analysis and project management community, to document and standardise generally accepted business analysis practices. The first formal release was at "version 1.6" in June 2006. "Version 2.0" was released 31 March 2009.
As with other bodies of knowledge, the BABOK is defined and updated by the professionals who use it every day, and is under active review and consultation all the time. Development of version 3 of the BABOK Guide began in May, 2011 in Toronto, Canada.
Professional Certification.
Once the body of knowledge was established, IIBA created the Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) designation to recognise senior business analysts who could demonstrate in-depth long-term experience in these knowledge areas (5–10 years in a dedicated business analyst role).
IIBA also offers the Certification of Competency on Business Analysis (CCBA) designation that recognises Business Analysts with 3750 hours business analysis experience, including 900 hours experience in two knowledge areas or 500 hours experience in four knowledge areas, and 21 professional development hours.
For both certifications the applicant must have a minimum high school education (or equivalent), two references from a career manager, client or Certified Business Analyst Professional and sign the IIBA Code of Conduct.
Knowledge Areas.
The Business Analysis Body of Knowledge defines 6 knowledge areas, which group together related sets of tasks and techniques. Each of these tasks and techniques describes the typical knowledge, skills, processes, and deliverables that the business analyst requires to be able to perform those tasks competently.
While a flow of tasks and processes is suggested by these knowledge areas, the BABOK is deliberately not setting out a prescribed methodology. Indeed, version 2.0 has separated techniques from the knowledge area tasks, into a new section.

</doc>
<doc id="21474976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21474976" title="1983 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 5000 metres">
1983 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 5000 metres

These are the official results of the men's 5000 metres event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total of 39 participating athletes, with three qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Sunday 14 August 1983.
Records.
Existing records at the start of the event.
Semifinals.
<br> 
Heats.
<br> 
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="21475026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475026" title="Borkum Riffgat">
Borkum Riffgat

Borkum Riffgat (also known as OWP Riffgat) is an offshore wind farm to the north-west of the German island of Borkum and north of the eponymous shipping channel in the southern North Sea. The wind turbines are built across an area of . It consists of 30 turbines with a total capacity of 108 megawatt (MW), and is expected to generate enough electricity for 112,000 households.
Early 2011, the Dutch government stated that the wind farm was partly in Dutch territory and protested against the issuing of construction licenses by the German government.

</doc>
<doc id="21475079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475079" title="Heathcote Junction, Victoria">
Heathcote Junction, Victoria

Heathcote Junction is a town in central Victoria, Australia. The town is located north of the state capital, Melbourne and from nearby Wandong. At the 2006 census, Heathcote Junction and the surrounding area had a combined population of 887.
The town was affected by the Black Saturday bushfires, including one fatality.

</doc>
<doc id="21475129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475129" title="Keynesian Revolution">
Keynesian Revolution

The Keynesian Revolution was a fundamental reworking of economic theory concerning the factors determining employment levels in the overall economy. The revolution was set against the then orthodox economic framework: Neoclassical economics.
The early stage of the Keynesian Revolution took place in the years following the publication of Keynes' "General Theory" in 1936. It saw the neoclassical understanding of employment replaced with Keynes' view that demand, and not supply, is the driving factor determining levels of employment. This provided Keynes and his supporters with a theoretical basis to argue that governments should intervene to alleviate severe unemployment. With Keynes unable to take much part in theoretical debate after 1937, a process swiftly got under way to reconcile his work with the old system to form Neo-Keynesian economics, a mixture of neoclassical economics and Keynesian economics. The process of mixing these schools is referred to as the neoclassical synthesis, and Neo-Keynesian economics can be summarized as "Keynesian in macroeconomics, neoclassical in microeconomics".
Summary.
The revolution was primarily a change in "mainstream" economic views and in providing a unified framework – many of the ideas and policy prescriptions advocated by Keynes had ad hoc precursors in the underconsumptionist school of 19th-century economics, and some forms of government stimulus were practiced in 1930s United States without the intellectual framework of Keynesianism.
The central policy change was the proposition that government action could change the level of unemployment, via deficit spending (fiscal stimulus) such as by public works or tax cuts, and changes in interest rates and money supply (monetary policy) – the prevailing orthodoxy prior to that point was the Treasury view that government action could not change the level of unemployment.
The driving force was the economic crisis of the Great Depression and the 1936 publication of "The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money" by John Maynard Keynes, which was then reworked into a neoclassical framework by John Hicks, particularly the IS/LM model of 1936/37. This synthesis was then popularized in American academia in the very influential textbook "Economics" by Paul Samuelson from 1948 onward, and came to dominate post-World War II economic thinking in the United States. The term "Keynesian Revolution" itself was used in the 1947 text "The Keynesian Revolution" by American economist Lawrence Klein. In the United States, the Keynesian Revolution was initially actively fought by conservatives during the Second Red Scare (McCarthyism) and accused of Communism, but ultimately a form of Keynesian economics became mainstream; see textbooks of the Keynesian revolution.
The Keynesian revolution has been criticized on a number of grounds: some, particularly the freshwater school and Austrian school, argue that the revolution was misguided and incorrect; by contrast, other schools of Keynesian economics, notably Post-Keynesian economics, argue that the "Keynesian" revolution ignored or distorted many of Keynes's fundamental insights, and did not go far enough.
Theory of employment.
A central aspect of the Keynesian revolution was a change in theory concerning the factors determining employment levels in the overall economy. The revolution was set against the orthodox "classical" economic framework, and its successor, neoclassical economics, which based on Say's Law argued that unless special conditions prevailed the free market would naturally establish full employment equilibrium with no need for government intervention. This view held that employers will be able to make a profit by employing all available workers as long as workers drop their wages below the value of the total output they are able to produce – and classical economics assumed that in a free market workers would be willing to lower their wage demands accordingly, because they are rational agents who would rather work for less than face unemployment.
Keynes argued that both Say's Law and the assumption that economic actors always behave rationally are misleading simplifications, and that the classical economics was only reliable at describing a special case. The Keynesian Revolution replaced the classical understanding of employment with Keynes's view that employment is a function of demand, not supply.
Other revolutions in economics.
Prior to Keynes.
Professor Harry Johnson has written that economics in its modern form can be seen as dawning with the "Smithian Revolution" against mercantilism. Prior to Keynes there were five other major developments in economic thought rapid enough in pace to be characterised as revolutions, most notably the "Ricardian". Another noted revolution is the marginalist revolution, which is taken to mark the transition from classical economics to neoclassical economics in the 1870s. Collectively, these fashioned the classical economic orthodoxy that Keynes attacked.
Note however that in economic "practice," as opposed to economic "theory," the behavior of industrializing nations in the 19th century has frequently been described as mercantilist or embodying economic nationalism, as in the American School of 19th-century American economic practice.
After Keynes.
The rise of Monetarism, particularly in the 1970s and via the work of Milton Friedman, is considered the next major change in mainstream economic theory and practice, and has at times been described as the "monetarist revolution". The stagflation of the 1970s led to a loss of influence by classical Keynesian economics, and continuing tensions between Keynesian economics and neoclassical economics led in the 1970s to the division between New Keynesian economics and New classical macroeconomics; these are also referred to as the saltwater school and freshwater school, due to the American universities with which they are associated. In development economics, this period is referred to as the Washington Consensus period, and the economic expansion of the 1980s, 1990s, and early 2000s has been referred to as The Great Moderation.
Within academia the post WWII high point of free market economics occurred in the 1990s, with several free market economists winning the Nobel Prize. Increased skepticism concerning the free market consensus was fueled by the 1997 Asian financial crisis and the Dot com crash. The financial crisis of 2007–2010 saw a resurgence of interest in Keynesian economics, the 2008–2009 Keynesian resurgence.
Background.
When Keynes published his "General Theory" in 1936, the influence of free market economics on policy making had already declined substantially compared to the almost unchallenged ascendancy it had enjoyed in Britain during the 1840s - 1860s. By the mid-1930s much of the first and second world was already under the sway of communism or fascism, with even the US departing from economic orthodoxy with the New Deal. There had not been a corresponding decline for neoclassical economics in the academic sphere however. According to economic historian Richard Cockett, within academia the prestige of free market economics was still near its peak even in the 1920s. 
In the 1930s neoclassical economics began to be challenged within academia, though at first by various diverse schools which apart from Marxism were mostly of only local influence - such as the Stockholm school in Sweden or in the US the Administered price theorists 
In 1930, Keynes was in his late forties, and in OCtober his A Treatise on Money was published. It was criticized by Ralph Hawtrey, Dennis Robertson and Friedrich Hayek. However, so-called "Circus", consisted of Richard Kahn, James Meade, Piero Sraffa, Joan Robinson and Austin Robinson, began a seminar to examine the Tratise. Keynes did not attend these seminars but was informed of their discussions by Kahn. Keynes was little influenced by the various heterodox economists of the 1930s, his "General theory" was written largely in a Marshellian framework though with some important points of dissent such as the idea that excessive savings can be harmful for the overall economy. Keynes asserts that when savings exceed available investment opportunities it makes it impossible for business as a whole to make a profit and so lay offs and increased unemployment will result. In chapter 23 of the "General Theory" Keynes traces the genesis of this idea to, among others, Mercantilist thinkers of the previous three centuries, to the Fable of the Bees and to the dissenting economist J A Hobson with his "Physiology of industry" (1889).
The course of the revolution.
Intellectual.
Keynes's revolutionary theory was set out in his book "General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money", commonly referred to by the abbreviated title "General Theory". While working on the book, Keynes wrote to George Bernard Shaw, saying "I believe myself to be writing a book on economic theory which will largely revolutionize, not I suppose at once but in the course of the next ten years – the way the world thinks about economic problems … I don't merely hope what I say, in my own mind I'm quite sure" Professor Keith Shaw wrote that this degree of self-confidence was quite amazing especially considering it took more than fifty years for the Newtonian revolution to gain universal recognition; but also that Keynes's confidence was fully justified. John Kenneth Galbraith has written that Say's Law dominated economic thought prior to Keynes for over a century, and the shift to Keynesianism was difficult. Economists who contradicted the law, which inferred that underemployment and underinvestment (coupled with over-saving) were virtually impossible, risked losing their careers.
Keynes's "General Theory" was published in 1936 and provoked considerable controversy, yet according to professor Gordon Fletcher it rapidly conquered professional opinion.
For biographer Lord Skidelsky, the "General Theory" triggered a massive reaction immediately after its release, with extensive reviews in journals and popular newspapers all around the world. While many academics were critical, even the harshest critics recognised there was a case to be answered. As with other theoretical revolutions, the young were most receptive with some older economists never fully accepting Keynes's work, but by 1939 Keynes's view had broadly gained ascendancy both in Great Britain and the US.
According to Murray Rothbard, an Austrian School economist strongly opposed to Keynes:
Rothbard goes on to describe that by the end of the 1930s every single one of Friedrich Hayek's followers at the LSE was convinced by Keynes's ideas – all economists who had previously opposed Keynes's advocacy of state intervention in the economy.
Despite Keynes's early success, the revolutionary effect on theoretical economics was soon diminished. From the late 1930s, a process began to reconcile the "General Theory" with the classical ways of viewing the economy – developments which included Neo-Keynesian and later New Keynesian economics.
An alternative take was advocated at the dawning of the revolution by Dennis Robertson, who Fletcher has described as the most intellectually formidable of Keynes's contemporary critics. This view held that the great excitement triggered by the "General Theory" was unjustified – that genuinely new ideas presented were overstated and not supported by evidence, while the verifiable ideas were merely well-established principles dressed up in new ways. According to Hyman Minsky, this position eventually became dominant in mainstream academia, though it is by no means unchallenged.
Origins.
Lord Skidelsky has written that Keynes's motivation for the revolution arose from the failure of the British economy to recover from its post World War I recession in the manner predicted by classical economics – throughout the 1920s British unemployment remained at historically high levels not previously seen since a brief period in the aftermath of the Napoleonic Wars. Skidelsky notes a December 1922 lecture to the British Institute of Bankers where Keynes noted that wages no longer fell with prices in the classical fashion, due in part to the power of unions and wage "stickiness". Keynes recommended government intervention as the cure for unemployment in this circumstance, a position he never deviated from though he was to refine his thinking on what sort of intervention would work best. For Dr Peter the revolution can be seen as dawning in 1924 which was when Keynes first started advocating public works as a means by which the government could stimulate the economy and tackle unemployment.
Policy.
While much attention is given to the impact on academic economics, the revolution also had a practical dimension. It influenced decision makers in governments, central banks and global institutions like the International Monetary Fund (IMF). According to Lord Skidelsky, the revolution began in policy making terms as early as December 1930, with Keynes's participation in the "Macmillan Committee on Finance and Industry". The Committee had been formed to make policy recommendations for Britain's economic recovery – while Keynes's plans for an interventionist response were rejected, he did succeed in convincing the government that the classical conception that wages would drop along with prices and thus help to restore employment after a recession was wrong. The first government to adopt Keynesian demand management policies was Sweden in the 1930s.
Keynes had some influence on President Roosevelt's 1933–1936 New Deal, though this package was not as radical or as sustained as Keynes had wished. After 1939 Keynes's ideas were adopted in the late 1940s, 1950s, and most of the 1960s, this period has been called the Age of Keynes. From the late sixties Keynes's influence was displaced following the success of "counter revolutionary" efforts by economists like Milton Friedman and others sympathetic to the free market. Following the financial crises in 2008, there has been a revival in Keynesian thinking among policy makers in favour of robust government intervention, which the Financial Times has described as a "stunning reversal of the orthodoxy of the past several decades".
Textbooks.
The importance and history of textbooks is less-studied than other aspects of the Keynesian revolution, but some argue that it is of fundamental importance.
In the United States, the 1948 textbook "Economics" by Paul Samuelson was the key textbook that spread the Keynesian revolution. It was not however the first Keynesian textbook, being preceded by the 1947 "The Elements of Economics," by Lorie Tarshis. Tarshis's book, the first American textbook to discuss Keynesian ideas, was initially widely adopted, but was subsequently attacked by American conservatives (as part of the Second Red Scare, or McCarthyism), donors to universities withheld donations, and subsequently the text was largely withdrawn. Tarshis's text was subsequently attacked in the 1951 "God and Man at Yale" by American conservative William F. Buckley, Jr.
Samuelson's "Economics" was also subject to "conservative business pressuring" and accusations of Communism, but the attacks were less "virulen" and "Economics" became established. The success of Samuelson's book is attributed to various factors, notably Samuelson's dispassionate, scientific style, in contrast to Tarshis's more engaged style. Subsequent texts have followed Samuelson's style.
The revolution that never was.
According to post Keynesian economists and some others such as Charles Goodhart, in the academic sphere the so called revolution failed to properly get off the ground, with "neo Keynesian" economics being Keynesian in name only. Such critics have held that Keynes's thinking was misunderstood or misrepresented by the revolutions leading popularisers, the founders of "neo Keynesian" economics such as John Hicks and Paul Samuelson. The post Keynesians felt neo Keynesianism excessively compromised with the classical view. For Paul Davidson the revolution was "aborted"
in its early years; for Hyman Minsky it was "still born"; while for Joan Robinson the revolution led to a "bastard Keynesianism".
A suggested reason for the distortion is the central role John Hicks's IS/LM model played in helping other economists understand Keynes's theory – for post Keynesians, and by the 1970s even Hicks himself, the model distorted Keynes's vision.
A second reason offered is the attacks on the more progressive expressions of Keynes's views that occurred due to McCarthyism. For example, while initially popular, Lorie Tarshis's 1947 text book introducing Keynes's ideas, "The elements of economics" was soon under heavily attacked by those influenced by McCarthy. The book's place as a leading text book for Keynes's ideas in America was taken by Paul Samuelsons "Principles of Economics". According to Davidson, Samuelson failed to understand one of the key pillars of the revolution, the refutation "ergodic axiom" (i.e. saying that economic decision makers are always confronted by uncertainty – the past isn't a reliable predictor of the future).
Economists Robert Shiller and George Akerlof re-asserted the importance of recognising uncertainty in their 2009 book "".
Another reason for the distortion of Keynes's views was his low level of participation in the intellectual debates that followed the publication of his "General Theory", first due to his heart-attack in 1937 and then due to his busyness with the war. It has been suggested by Lord Skidelsky that apart from his busyness and incapacity, Keynes didn't challenge models like IS/LM as he perceived that from a pragmatic point of view they would be a useful compromise.
Significance.
Professor Gordon Fletcher stated that Keynes's "General Theory" provided a conceptual justification for policies of government intervention in economic affairs which was lacking in the established economics of the day – immensely significant as in the absence of a proper theoretical underpinning there was a danger that "ad hoc" policies of moderate intervention would be overtaken by extremist solutions, as had already happened in much of Europe back in the 1930s before the revolution was launched. Almost 80 years later in 2009, Keynes's ideas were once again a central inspiration for the global response to the Financial crisis of 2007–2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21475153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475153" title="Dilari">
Dilari

Dilari is a village in Moradabad district and subdistrict in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. | 2001 census, it had a population of 3,317 in 482 households.
Moradabad was established in 1600 by prince Murad, the son of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan; as a result the city came to be known as Moradabad. It is the administrative headquarters of Moradabad District. According to Government of India, the district Moradabad is one of the several Muslim majority districts on the basis of the 2001 census data on population, socio-economic indicators and basic amenities indicators.
Moradabad is situated at a distance of from the national capital, New Delhi, on the banks of the Ramganga River (a tributary of the Ganges). The city is famous for its huge export of brass handicrafts to North America, Europe and all over the world, and is also thus called "Brass City" or "Peetal Nagri" (in the local language). The city has the distinction of being the biggest exporter of handicrafts in the country. Moradabad has nearly one million citizens of various ethnicities and religions.
History.
Moradabad was earlier known as Chaupla. In 1624, Rustam Khan, the governor of sambhal, captured it and set up a fort at this place and named it as Rustam Nagar. Later on it was named as MORADABAD after the name of SHAHJAHAN 's son MURAD BUX and this name still persists. Physical development of the city was started after the construction of JAMA MASJID by Rustom Khan in 1632. The city is on the right bank of the river Ramganga, 680 ft. above sea-level, and has a station on the Oudh & Rohilkhand railway, 868 miles from Calcutta. Pop. (1901), 75,128. It was founded in 1625 by Rustam Khan, who built the fort which overhangs the river bank, and the fine Jama Masjid or great mosque (1631).
The town forms a large centre of trade in country produce. It has a special industry in ornamental brassware, sometimes plated with lac or tin, which is then engraved. Cotton weaving and printing is also carried on.
The District of Moradabad lies east of the Ganges and west of the native state of Rampur. Area, 2285 sq. m. It lies within the great Gangetic plain, and is demarcated into three subdivisions by the rivers Ramganga and Sot. The eastern tract consists of a submontane country, with an elevation slightly greater than the plain below, and is traversed by numerous streams descending from the Himalayas. The central portion consists of a level central plain descending at each end into the valleys of the Ramganga and Sot. The western section has a gentle slope towards the Ganges, with a rapid dip into the lowlands a few miles from the bank of the great river. In addition to Moradabad the principal towns are Amroha, Sahaspur, Bilari,Sambhal (39,715) and Chandausi (25,711).
For the early history of Moradabad see History of Bareilly. It passed into the possession of the British in 1801. The population in 1901 was 1,191,993. The principal crops are wheat, rice, millet, pulse, sugar-cane and cotton. The main line of the Oudh and Rohilkhand railway traverses the district from south to north, with branches towards Aligarh and Rampur. A third branch from Moradabad city towards Delhi crosses the Ganges at Garhmukteshwar by a bridge of eleven spans of 200 ft. each.
Brass Industry.
Moradabad is renowned for brass work and has carved a niche for itself in the handicraft industry throughout the world. The modern,attractive, and artistic brass ware, jewelry and trophies made by skilled artisans are the main crafts. The attractive brass ware are exported to countries like USA, Britain, Canada, Germany and Middle East Asia. There are about 600 export units and 5000 industries in the district. Moradabad exports goods worth Rs. 2200 crore every year. Recently other products like Iron Sheet Metalwares, Aluminium Artworks and Glassware's have also been included as per need of the foreign Buyers. Mentha is also exported in several crores from Moradabad. These products are very popular in foreign market and are being exported in thousand of crores every year. Due to increase of exports and popularity in foreign specially in Europe, America, Italy and other countries, a large No. of exporters are establishing their units and started their export. Out of the seven industrial corridors declared by the State Govt. in Industrial Policy 1999-2002, Moradabad is one of them.
The Government is investing a lot of money to improve infrastructural facilities to promote the Industrial activities at Moradabad like 24 hours UN-interrupted power supply, construction of By-pass, Proposal for widening and making 4 lane Delhi-Moradabad Road. About 450 Acres of land has been acquired to develop a New Industrial Area for Export Oriented Units at Pakbara to Dingarpur Road. Thus this is good opportunity for new entrepreneurs to establish their projects.
Mohammed Yar Khan was the founder of the Indian Brassware Industry. He migrated from Afghanistan to India in the 1860s and started the Brassware business in Moradabad. He has been awarded various prestigious medals from National and International Business Organizations. The modern, attractive, and artistic brass ware, jewelry and trophies made by skilled artisans are the main crafts. The attractive brass ware is exported to countries like United States, Britain, Canada, Germany and Middle East Asia. There are about 600 export units and 5000 industries in the district. Moradabad exports goods worth Rs. 2200 crore (USD 500 million) every year. Recently other products like Iron-Sheet, Metalwares, Aluminium Artworks and Glassware's have also been included as per the need of foreign Buyers. Mentha is also exported worth Rupees several crores—400 crores or more -- (USD 100 million) from Moradabad. These products are very popular in foreign markets and are being exported in thousand of crores every year.
Education In Moradabad.
University
Engineering & Management colleges
Medical colleges
Degree colleges
Gokul Das Hindu Girls College
V.K.S Law College
Hindu Degree College, Moradabad
Wilsonia Degree College
Moradabad Muslim Degree College
R.S.D Degree College
M.H Degree College
K.G.K College

</doc>
<doc id="21475154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475154" title="Reginald Walter Macan">
Reginald Walter Macan

Reginald Walter Macan D.Litt. (1848–1941) was a classical scholar. He was a Fellow (1884–1906) and then, from March 1906, Master of University College, Oxford. He was only the second layman Master of the College after Anthony Gate, Master from 1584–1597.
Reginald Macan was originally from Dublin, Ireland, and retained his Irish accent until the 1890s. He was an undergraduate at University College, Oxford, and then a "Student" (the equivalent of a Fellow) of Christ Church after obtaining his degree. He came back to University College as a Fellow and Tutor in 1884 until becoming Master of the College. He retired in 1923.
Macan had a reputation as a heretic early in his career, but delivered addresses in the chapel at University College at least annually.
Like his predecessor as Master, James Bright, he was nicknamed the "Mugger" by students.
Macan applied archaeological discoveries to the study of ancient history. He produced a major set of books on Herodotus. He also wrote "A History of Persia".
In 1913, he visited New York and spoke at the Sphinx Club about Rhodes Scholars at Oxford University.
In 1881 Macan married Mildred Healey; they had three daughters, one of whom Agatha Perrin married Eric Forbes Adam. He lived on Boars Hill south of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21475159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475159" title="Khel – No Ordinary Game">
Khel – No Ordinary Game

Khel – No Ordinary Game (English: "The Game") is a 2003 Bollywood Action film directed by Yusuf Khan. The film stars Sunny Deol, Suniel Shetty and Celina Jaitley in lead roles. Former Indian cricketer Ajay Jadeja makes his Bollywood debut, playing an important supporting role in the film. It was released on, 2 October 2003.
Synopsis.
Multi-millionaire industrialist Dev Mallya (Suniel Shetty) takes a personal interest an attractive interior designer Saanjh Batra (Celina Jaitley) and wants to marry her. He starts by hiring her to re-do the interior of his palatial home. He makes it a point to be pleasant to her and her mom, Mrs. Kiran Batra. One day Dev finds out that Saanjh has some feelings for his friend, Rohan Potdar (Ajay Jadeja), and this knowledge makes him insecure. Shortly after, Rohan is arrested for murder, is tried, and sentenced to life imprisonment. This news breaks Saanjh's heart, and she eventually consents to marry Dev. All is perfect in Dev's world, until ACP Rajvir Scindia (Sunny Deol) announces the re-opening of the case against Rohan Potdar, as he is convinced that Rohan is the victim of a conspiracy.
Critical reception.
The film released on 2 October 2003, and struck Indian Cinemas with a great start.

</doc>
<doc id="21475172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475172" title="Skrilje">
Skrilje

Skrilje () is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It is divided into three smaller hamlets: Valiči, Ruštji, and Bajči.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Margaret of Antioch and belongs to the Parish of Kamnje. 

</doc>
<doc id="21475177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475177" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 166">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 166

The 166th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Delaware County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21475181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475181" title="SUGEN">
SUGEN

SUGEN (Sugen) was a drug discovery company focused on development of protein kinase inhibitors. It was founded in 1991, and shut down in 2003, after pioneering protein kinases as therapeutic targets and developing the successful cancer therapy sunitinib (Sutent).
Early history and focus.
Sugen was founded in 1991 in Redwood City, California, by veteran biotech investor Stephen Evans-Freke and kinase researchers Joseph Schlessinger and Axel Ullrich. The name was derived from the initials of Schlessinger and Ullrich, and the "GEN" for Genetics. Sugen developed small-molecule inhibitors of protein kinases, key enzymes in signal transduction and cellular decision-making. The main focus was on oncology, though the company had collaborations in other therapeutic areas. The concept of inhibiting kinases by small molecules that mimicked the ATP structure was generally thought to be infeasible when the company was founded (due to the high (mM) concentration of ATP in cells), and Sugen has been credited with pioneering this area, leading to protein kinases being the second most active area of drug development, largely based on ATP-competitive inhibitors. Sugen also had research programs on protein phosphatases, none of which lead to therapeutics.
Research and drug development.
Sugen went public in October 1994 (NASDAQ: SUGN), and shortly after filed its first Investigational New Drug (IND) application, for a PDGFR inhibitor, SU101. This failed clinically, but was followed by a different series of compounds that inhibited VEGFR kinases (involved in angiogenesis) as well as PDGFR and Kit. Of these, SU5416 (Semaxanib) and SU6668 went into clinical trials for colon cancer in 1999. SU5416 proceeded to Phase 3 trials, while the follow-on compound, SU11248 (Sunitinib) was later approved for human use, and a related compound SU11654 (Toceranib) was approved for canine tumors.
Sugen was funded though a number of collaborative research programs with companies including ASTA Medica (pan-Her and Raf programs), Allergan (ophthalmic angiogenesis inhibition), Zeneca (EGFR and cancer), and Amgen all of which took equity stakes in the company, and Taiho (cancer). Conversely, Sugen was an investor in and collaborator with Selectide for the development of peptide kinase inhibitors.
Mergers.
Sugen was acquired by Pharmacia & Upjohn in 1999 in a stock swap valued at $650 million, and run in a largely autonomous manner through several other mergers and splits at the parent company (later renamed Pharmacia). Pharmacia was then acquired by Pfizer in 2002-3.
Shutdown and legacy.
The Pfizer-Pharmacia merger lead to major cuts in research activities, including the shut down of Sugen over the course of 2003, with the loss of approximately 350 employees. Pfizer continued the phase 3 trials and development of SU11248, now known as Sutent (sunitinib), leading to Food and Drug Administration approval in January 2006 for treatment of RCC and GIST tumors. Other programs also transferred to Pfizer, including a follow-on compound to SU11248, known as SU14813, and programs on Met and PAK kinases. Work started at Sugen also contributed to the development of the ALK inhibitor crizotinib (Xalkori), FDA-approved for NSCLC in 2011. Sugen also generated extensive basic research on kinase biology, including the publication of almost 300 research papers, the definition of the human kinome, and the discovery of over 140 human kinase genes. Sugen alumni have gone on to major positions in other pharmaceutical and kinase-focused companies. In 2010, Sutent surpassed $1bn in annual revenues for Pfizer. and as of May 2011, over 100,000 patients had been treated with Sutent.

</doc>
<doc id="21475197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475197" title="Ettore Mendicino">
Ettore Mendicino

Ettore Mendicino (born February 11, 1990 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Salernitana, on loan from Lazio.
Club career.
Lazio.
Born in Milan, Mendicino began his career in Rome with the successful Lazio youth system. Playing as a centre-forward and earmarked as a potential future-Luca Toni, Mendicino was touted as a key member of Lazio's future.
Mendicino was first promoted to the Lazio first team during the 2007–08 season, yet did not make a senior debut.
At the beginning of the 2008–09 season, Mendicino played for the first team in pre-season friendlies, having a goal wrongfully disallowed against Liverpool at Anfield.
On February 8, 2009, Mendicino made his Serie A debut, coming on as an injury time substitute for Cristian Ledesma in Lazio's 1–0 loss to Fiorentina.
Lazio loaned him to Serie B side Crotone for the 2009–10 season to gain experience. He scored for the club against Modena on November 15, 2009.
During the summer transfer of 2010, Lazio loaned him to Ascoli with the option to switch from loan to 50% co-ownership for €1,5 Million euros. He made his debut during Coppa Italia return match on August 15, 2010 against Lumezzane scoring the first goal of the match just after 6 minutes, whilst he played his first competitive Serie B game for Ascoli on August 22, 2010 in their 0-0 tie against Grosseto.
On July 4, 2013, he moved on loan to Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Salernitana.
International career.
On March 25, 2009 Mendicino made his debut with the Italy U-21 squad in a friendly match against Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="21475202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475202" title="Lycia et Pamphylia">
Lycia et Pamphylia

Lycia et Pamphylia was the name of a province of the Roman empire, located in southern Anatolia. It was created by the emperor Vespasianus (ruled AD 69- 79), who merged Lycia, which was organized as a province in AD 43 by Claudius, and Pamphylia, which was a part of the province of Galatia, into a single administrative unit.
Under the administrative reforms of emperor Diocletian (ruled AD 284-305), Lycia et Pamphylia province was again split into its two constituent units, which belonged to the diocese of Asiana, part of the Prefecture of the East.

</doc>
<doc id="21475203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475203" title="Kancoona, Victoria">
Kancoona, Victoria

Kancoona is a locality in northeast Victoria, Australia in the Kiewa Valley, northeast of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Kancoona had a population of 210.
Kancoona Post Office opened on 3 December 1923 and closed in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21475205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475205" title="1983 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres hurdles">
1983 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres hurdles

These are the official results of the men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 34 participating athletes, with five qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on 9 August 1983.
Records.
Existing records at the start of the event.
Semi-Finals.
<br>
Qualifying heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="21475215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475215" title="Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari">
Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari

Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari is a safari park in Djursland on the peninsula of Jutland, Denmark. The safari park is the home of more than 800 animals of 80 species from 5 different continents. This popular tourist attraction offers its guests a comprehensive insight in the life and behaviour of animals from Europe, Africa, North America, South America and Asia.
Description.
Welfare of wild animals in captivity is a key value in the vision of the park. This is why all the different species of the park live in surroundings tailored to meet their special needs and instinctive behaviour. The American Black Bears, for example, have access to both tall trees and lakes in order to facilitate their natural climbing and swimming behaviour. Similarly, the Cheetahs live in a hilly bush savannah where these fast predators can spot e.g. antelopes in a different area of the park. This architectural feature of the park evokes instinctive hunting behaviour in the cheetahs even though the animals do not have access to their prey. In their natural African habitat, cheetahs often observe the savannah from hills and rocks enabling them to find their prey from a long distance.
Focus on endangered species.
Apart from offering its guests exciting wildlife experiences during the opening season, a major priority of Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari is an extensive focus on endangered species. And as a member of EAZA (European Association os Zoos and Aquaria), the park has made important achievements within the EEP (European Endangered species Programme). In 2007, 9 cheetahs were born in the park. This important contribution to species conservation made Ree Park – Ebeltoft Safari one of the largest centres for cheetahs in Northern Europe. Other examples of successful EEP work include the reintroduction of the endangered European Bison into the wild, the breeding of the very rare Sand Cat, and promising work with the endangered African wild dog, one of the world’s most endangered carnivores.

</doc>
<doc id="21475221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475221" title="Stomaž, Ajdovščina">
Stomaž, Ajdovščina

Stomaž () is a village in the hills north of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It is made up of several smaller hamlets: Brith, Dolenja Vas (), Hrib, Ljubljanica, Griže, Črnigoji, Bratini, and Batagelji. 
Name.
Stomaž was attested in written sources in 1523 as "Sannd Thomas". The Slovene name "Stomaž" is derived from "*šent Tomaž" 'Saint Thomas', referring to the patron saint of the local church. This was contracted to "Štomaž". The name of the settlement was changed from "Štomaž" to "Stomaž" in 1987.
Mass graves.
Stomaž is the site of four known mass graves from the Second World War. The Stomaž 1–4 mass graves () are all located east of the settlement. They are connected with the murder of 13 or 14 Slovene civilians in the fall of 1943. The first grave lies in the bushes in the ravine of Vrnivec Creek, about 90 m north of the house at Štomaž no. 8. No information is available except locals' reports that the creek once washed a human skull out of the grave. The second grave is located about 100 m north of the house at Stomaž no. 8. It contained the remains of 11 victims; one is said to have been exhumed and reburied elsewhere. The third grave is located below a tree at the edge of the woods, about 90 m north of the house at Stomaž no. 9. It contains the remains of a girl from Zalošče. The fourth grave is located below a path on the edge of the woods near the house at Stomaž no. 9 and is marked with a cross. It contains the remains of a schoolteacher from Ajdovščina or the vicinity and his wife.
Church.
The parish church, from which the settlement gets its name, is dedicated to Saint Thomas and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
Recreation.
Stomaž is a popular starting point for hikers heading to Mount Čaven (1,185 m). The village offers views of the Vipava Valley and Ajdovščina.

</doc>
<doc id="21475223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475223" title="Franjo Šoštarić">
Franjo Šoštarić

Franjo Šoštarić (1 August 1919 – 27 August 1975) was a Croatian football (soccer) player who competed internationally for Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="21475231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475231" title="Eric Puls">
Eric Puls

Eric Puls (born July 4, 1971 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played two seasons in the German third division and nine in the USISL. He was the head coach of the Reading Rage in 2001 and 2002.
Youth.
Puls grew up in St. Louis, Missouri where he was a member of the 1988 Christian Brothers College High School Missouri State championship soccer team. That year, he was also selected as an All State soccer player. He then attended Syracuse University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1989 to 1992. Puls holds the all-time record for most points as a freshman. In addition to his school teams, Puls also played club soccer with the Busch Soccer Club until his graduation from High School. He then played for the Scott Gallagher clup.
Professional.
Following college, Puls moved to Germany to pursue a professional career. He signed with SV Darmstadt 98 in the second Bundesliga before moving to Rot-Weiß Waldorf of the Regionalliga where he played from 1992 to 1994. In 1995, he returned to St. Louis and signed with the St. Louis Knights in the USISL. In February 1996, the Colorado Rapids selected Puls in the 12th round (112th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. On March 25, 1996, the Rapids released Puls during a pre-season roster reduction. He then moved to the Reading Rage where he played from 1996 to 2003. He was 1999, 2000 and 2003 All League.
Coaching.
In 2001, Puls became a player-coach with the Reading Rage. He held this position through the 2002 season. In 2003, he founded F.C. Revolution, a youth club in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania. He played with the F.C. Reading Revolution men's team in the NPSL until 2011 in which he retired from playing soccer. Now, he spends his time as a coach and club president for F.C. Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="21475236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475236" title="Thomas Gooch">
Thomas Gooch

Sir Thomas Gooch, 2nd Baronet (1674–1754) was an English bishop.
Life.
Gooch was born to Thomas Gooch of Yarmouth, and educated at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, which he entered in 1691. He graduated B.A. in 1694, and M.A. in 1698. He became chaplain to Henry Compton, Bishop of London, and preached at his funeral in 1713. Subsequently he was chaplain to Queen Anne, and rector of St Clement Eastcheap and St Martin Orgar. He was archdeacon of Essex from 1714 to 1737.
Gooch was Master of Gonville and Caius from 1716. He became successivedly Bishop of Bristol in 1737, Bishop of Norwich in 1738, and Bishop of Ely in 1747. In 1751 he inherited the title of baronet from his brother Sir William Gooch, 1st Baronet.
Gooch's first wife was Mary Sherlock, daughter of William Sherlock. They had a son, Sir Thomas Gooch, 3rd Baronet of Benacre. He married twice more. He died at Ely Palace, and was buried in the chapel at Gonville and Caius, where there a monument to him on the south wall.

</doc>
<doc id="21475237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475237" title="Galathea expeditions">
Galathea expeditions

The Galathea expeditions comprise a series of three Danish ship-based scientific research expeditions in the 19th, 20th and 21st centuries, carried out with material assistance from the Royal Danish Navy and, with regard to the second and third expeditions, under the auspices of the Danish Expedition Foundation. All three expeditions circumnavigated the world from west to east and followed similar routes.
First expedition.
Preparations.
The first "Galathea" Expedition took place from 1845 to 1847 and had political and scientific objectives. It was initiated by the King of Denmark, Christian VIII, with its main purposes the handover of the Danish colonies in India, following their sale to the British East India Company, as well as a final Danish attempt to explore and recolonise the Nicobar Islands in the Indian Ocean. Additional aims were the expansion of trade with China and the discovery of new trading opportunities, as well as making extensive scientific collections.
The "Galathea" was a three-masted sailing ship, a naval corvette which had been built in 1831 at the Gammelholm naval shipyard in Copenhagen. It was in length and had a draught of . When it departed on its voyage under the leadership of Captain Steen Andersen Bille it carried 231 seamen and scientists, 36 guns, and supplies for one year. The scientists included physician and assistant botanist Ferdinand Didrichsen, botanist B. Kamphǿvener, zoologists W.F.G. Behn, Johannes Theodor Reinhardt and C.E. Kiellerup, and geologist Hinrich Johannes Rink, not all of whom remained for the duration of the voyage. It was an expensive undertaking, with a budget of nearly half a million Rixdollars, equivalent to 3% of Denmark’s annual state revenues at the time.
The voyage.
The "Galathea" left Copenhagen on 24 June 1845 and, after a provisioning stop at Madeira, sailed southwards around Africa to India, where she visited Tranquebar, Pondicherry, Madras and Calcutta. In Calcutta an additional ship, the steamboat "Ganges", was purchased and the carrier "Christine" hired, to assist with work in the Nicobar Islands. Considerable time and effort was expended at the Nicobars; most of January 1846 was spent in the northern Nicobar islands, and February in the southern. As well as scientific surveys and collecting, preparations were made for a new colony based at Pulo Milu. Several people, including the geologist Rink, remained there when the expedition departed, though the nascent colony was abandoned only two years later.
The "Galathea" proceeded to Southeast Asia, calling at Penang, Singapore, Batavia, and Manila before heading for the Chinese coast and visiting Hong Kong, Macau, Canton, Amoy, and Shanghai. An attempt to stop at Japan was rebuffed by the authorities there. The ship then crossed the Pacific Ocean, visiting the Hawaiian archipelago and Tahiti on the way, to Valparaiso, Callao, and Lima in South America, before rounding Cape Horn. Further visits were made to Buenos Aires, Montevideo, Rio de Janeiro, and Bahia, following which the "Galathea" headed back to Denmark, anchoring in Copenhagen harbour on 24 August 1847 after a voyage of more than two years. During the course of the voyage 20 Danish sailors had died and several others were discharged.
Results.
The expedition returned with 93 containers of "zoological, entomological, botanical and geological Objects". There were also 21 boxes of ethnographic material, a large collection from Java, as well as gifts from scientists in many of the cities and ports visited by the expedition. The intention of Christian VIII was to sponsor the publication of the scientific results of the expedition. However, the King died in January 1848 and the country was thrown into the Three Years’ War. Most of the boxes of collected items lay unopened for many years and, with some exceptions, were never properly processed, nor the full results formally published. The collections subsequently served mainly as reference material.
Second expedition.
The second expedition was conceived in 1941 in discussions between journalist and author Hakon Mielche and oceanographer and ichthyologist Anton Frederik Bruun. It was originally hoped to send out a second expedition on the centenary of the first; however, World War II intervened and preparations had to be postponed. In June 1945 the two protagonists, along with explorers Eigil Knuth, Ebbe Munch and Henning Haslund-Christensen, decided to establish the Danish Expedition Foundation, which was to raise funds for the second Galathea, as well as other, expeditions.
The expedition eventually started in 1950, with its main purpose deep sea oceanography. For the use of the expedition a British sloop, HMS "Leith", was acquired and renamed HDMS "Galathea". It was long and wide, with a draught of and was powered by two steam turbines that gave it a cruising speed of . "Galathea" 2 left Copenhagen in October 1950 carrying a crew of about 100 seamen and scientists, visiting many of the same places the original "Galathea" had visited over a century earlier. The main difference in the route taken from the earlier expedition was in using the Panama Canal, rather than the Drake Passage at the southern end of South America, to transit between the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic. From 1950 to 1952 the expedition carried out a program of scientific exploration; the highlight occurred in July 1951 when, while investigating the Philippine Trench, scientists secured biological material from a record depth of . The expedition returned to Copenhagen in June 1952 where the ship was welcomed by a crowd of 20,000 people.
Results.
The second Galathea expedition led to the discovery of, among other things, the fish species "Antipodocottus galatheae" and "Abyssobrotula galatheae", the snail species "Guttula galatheae" and, above all, living Monoplacophora, a class of "ancestral mollusc" which until then was known only from the fossil record.
Third expedition.
The third expedition took place during 2006–2007, using the offshore patrol frigate HDMS "Vædderen", which was refitted to serve as an expedition ship. It is a Thetis class frigate which was built at the Svendborg Shipyards in 1990 and is m long and m wide. Although the voyage was publicised as the third Galathea expedition, the ship itself was not renamed.
The expedition’s main purpose was to carry out research on climate and weather changes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and marine biology. It left Copenhagen in August 2006 and visited the Faroe Islands and Greenland, then travelled southwards through the Atlantic Ocean along the west coast of Africa to Cape Town. It then crossed the Indian Ocean to Australia, the Solomon Islands, New Zealand, and Antarctica, before sailing northwards along the west coast of South America to the Panama Canal, then sailing through the Caribbean and visiting New York, before returning to Denmark in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21475240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475240" title="Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary">
Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary

The Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary () is a protected area in Peru located in the Junín Region, Chanchamayo Province, Chanchamayo District and in the Tarma Province, Huasahuasi District.

</doc>
<doc id="21475250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475250" title="Bühler Motor">
Bühler Motor

Bühler Motor is a company based in Nuremberg, Germany that develops, manufactures and markets mechatronic drive components.
It has approximately 1650 employees at eight locations in Europe, the USA and Asia, and supplies to the automotive industry (e.g. the drivetrain area, engine and passenger compartments, interior), to the aviation industry (aircraft seat adjustment systems) and to general industries (e.g. medical technology, vending machines, paper handling, building automation systems).
Bühler Motor is certified for its quality management system under ISO/TS 16949:2002 and for its environmental management system under DIN EN ISO 14001:2004. The Nuremberg and Monheim locations are also certified for its medical management system under EN ISO13485:2003/AC:2009 since 2011.
External links.
h

</doc>
<doc id="21475252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475252" title="English Electric/BAC Lightning (book)">
English Electric/BAC Lightning (book)

The English Electric/BAC Lightning (ISBN 978-0850455625) is an aviation book by British military historian and author Bruce Barrymore Halpenny about the English Electric Lightning. It was published by Osprey Publishing as part of their Air Combat series. It was a best seller in Grimsby, the home town of the Lightning. 
The author, known for his books on airfields and aircraft, spent nine months researching the Lightnings with the pilots of 5 and 11 Squadrons and Binbrook’s own Lightning Training Flight. To gather information for the book, the author talked to men like, Sqdn Ldr Dave Carden (with 3,000 plus hours, the most experienced Lightning pilot in the world) and fellow pilots and ground staff.
Included in the book are several anecdotes, one being a pilot's super sonic flight causing "anger and dismay". Thirty minutes after landing at RAF Binbrook, the hapless airman took a telephone call... as Flt Lt Normant Want recalls in the book, 
"It was from the Mayor of Bridlington who was complaining about an aircraft that had dropped a supersonic boom on Bridlington and the surrounding area. The boom had broken lots of windows. But the thing that really annoyed him was that the sonic boom sounded just like the signal to launch the lifeboat - which was now in the middle of the North Sea. The Mayor was not too impressed with all this. I did the hot-foot dance routine that most young lads go through when the've been nicked. It was about half a day later that the Ground Controlled Interception controller let me off the hook. He 'phoned to tell me that he had been responsible and that it wasn't the Mayor of Bridlington after all!"
The book itself gives an insight into the workings of RAF Binbrook, its Lightnings, and the men that fly and maintain them. Sqdn Ldr Dave Carden takes the reader on a typically "hair-raising mission", while another section is devoted to a pilot's experiences when his aircraft caught fire and crashed into the sea off Flamborough Head in 1981. It also deals with the Quick Reaction Alert shed, where two fully armed Lightnings and their pilots were on constant standby to intercept Russian aircraft which used to sometimes fly to within 100 miles of Spurn Point.

</doc>
<doc id="21475262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475262" title="Šmarje, Ajdovščina">
Šmarje, Ajdovščina

Šmarje () is a settlement in the hills southwest of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. As well as the main village of Šmarje, it includes three smaller hamlets: Potok, Hrastje, and Jakulini.
The parish church, from which the settlement gets its name, is dedicated to the Holy Name of Mary and belongs to the Koper Diocese. 

</doc>
