<doc id="21496150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496150" title="Body piercing">
Body piercing

Body piercing, a form of body modification, is the practice of puncturing or cutting a part of the human body, creating an opening in which jewellery may be worn. The word piercing can refer to the act or practice of body piercing, or to an opening in the body created by this act or practice. Although the history of body piercing is obscured by popular misinformation and by a lack of scholarly reference, ample evidence exists to document that it has been practiced in various forms by both sexes since ancient times throughout the world.
Ear piercing and nose piercing have been particularly widespread and are well represented in historical records and among grave goods. The oldest mummified remains ever discovered were sporting earrings, attesting to the existence of the practice more than 5,000 years ago. Nose piercing is documented as far back as 1500 BC. Piercings of these types have been documented globally, while lip and tongue piercings were historically found in African and American tribal cultures. Nipple and genital piercing have also been practiced by various cultures, with nipple piercing dating back at least to Ancient Rome while genital piercing is described in Ancient India c. 320 to 550 CE. The history of navel piercing is less clear. The practice of body piercing has waxed and waned in Western culture, but it has experienced an increase of popularity since World War II, with sites other than the ears gaining subcultural popularity in the 1970s and spreading to mainstream in the 1990s.
The reasons for piercing or not piercing are varied. Some people pierce for religious or spiritual reasons, while others pierce for self-expression, for aesthetic value, for sexual pleasure, to conform to their culture or to rebel against it. Some forms of piercing remain controversial, particularly when applied to youth. The display or placement of piercings have been restricted by schools, employers and religious groups. In spite of the controversy, some people have practiced extreme forms of body piercing, with Guinness bestowing World Records on individuals with hundreds and even thousands of permanent and temporary piercings.
Contemporary body piercing practices emphasize the use of safe body piercing materials, frequently utilizing specialized tools developed for the purpose. Body piercing is an invasive procedure with some risks, including allergic reaction, infection, excessive scarring and unanticipated physical injuries, but such precautions as sanitary piercing procedures and careful aftercare are emphasized to minimize the likelihood of encountering serious problems. The healing time required for a body piercing may vary widely according to placement, from as little as a month for some genital piercings to as much as two full years for the navel.
History.
Body adornment has only recently become a subject of serious scholarly research by archaeologists, who have been hampered in studying body piercing by a sparsity of primary sources. Early records rarely discussed the use of piercings or their meaning, and while jewellery is common among grave goods, the deterioration of the flesh that it once adorned makes it difficult to discern how the jewellery may have been used. Also, the modern record has been vitiated with the 20th century inventions of piercing enthusiast Doug Malloy. In the 1960s and 1970s, Malloy marketed contemporary body piercing by giving it the patina of history. His pamphlet "Body & Genital Piercing in Brief" included such commonly reproduced urban legends as the notion that Prince Albert invented the piercing that shares his name in order to diminish the appearance of his large penis in tight trousers, and that Roman centurions attached their capes to nipple piercings. Some of Malloy's myths are reprinted as fact in subsequently published histories of piercing.
Ear piercing.
Ear piercing has been practiced all over the world since ancient times. There is considerable written and archaeological evidence of the practice. Mummified bodies with pierced ears have been discovered, including the oldest mummified body discovered to date, the 5,300 year-old Ötzi the Iceman, which was found in a glacier in Austria. This mummy had an ear piercing 7–11 mm (1 to 000 gauge in American wire gauge) diameter. The oldest earrings found in a grave date to 2500 BCE. These were located in the Sumerian city of Ur, home of the Biblical patriarch Abraham. Earrings are mentioned in the Bible. In Genesis 35:4, Jacob buries the earrings worn by members of his household along with their idols. In Exodus 32, Aaron makes the golden calf from melted earrings. Deuteronomy 15:12–17 dictates ear piercing for a slave who chooses not to be freed. Earrings are also referenced in connection to the Hindu goddess Lakshmi in the Vedas. Earrings for pierced ears were found in a grave in the Ukok region between Russia and China dated between 400 and 300 BCE.
Among the Tlingit of the Pacific Northwest of America, earrings were a sign of nobility and wealth, as the placement of each earring on a child had to be purchased at an expensive potlatch. Earrings were common in the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt (1550–1292 BCE), generally taking the form of a dangling, gold hoop. Gem-studded, golden earrings shaped like asps seem to have been reserved for nobility. The ancient Greeks wore paste pendant earrings shaped like sacred birds or demigods, while the women of ancient Rome wore precious gemstones in their ears.
In Europe, earrings for women fell from fashion generally between the 4th and 16th centuries, as styles in clothing and hair tended to obscure the ears, but they gradually thereafter came back into vogue in Italy, Spain, England and France—spreading as well to North America—until after World War I when piercing fell from favor and the newly invented Clip-on earring became fashionable. According to "The Anatomie of Abuses" by Philip Stubbs, earrings were even more common among men of the 16th century than women, while Raphael Holinshed in 1577 confirms the practice among "lusty courtiers" and "gentlemen of courage." Evidently originating in Spain, the practice of ear piercing among European men spread to the court of Henry III of France and then to Elizabethan era England, where earrings (typically worn in one ear only) were sported by such notables as Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset, Shakespeare, Sir Walter Raleigh and Charles I of England. Common men wore earrings as well. From the European Middle Ages, a superstitious belief that piercing one ear improved long-distance vision led to the practice among sailors and explorers. Sailors also pierced their ears in the belief that their earrings could pay for a Christian burial if their bodies washed up on shore.
Nose piercing.
Nose piercing also has a long history. c. 1500 BCE, the Vedas refer to Lakshmi's nose piercings, but modern practice in India is believed to have spread from the Middle Eastern nomadic tribes by route of the Mughal emperors in the 16th century. It remains customary for Indian Hindu women of childbearing age to wear a nose stud, usually in the left nostril, due to the nostril's association with the female reproductive organs in Ayurvedic medicine. This piercing is sometimes done the night before the woman marries.
In Genesis 24:22, Abraham's servant gave Rebecca a nose ring. Nose piercing has been practiced by the Bedouin tribes of the Middle East and the Berber and Beja peoples of Africa, as well as Australian Aborigines. Many Native American and Alaskan tribes practiced septum piercing. It was popular among the Aztecs, the Mayans and the tribes of New Guinea, who adorned their pierced noses with bones and feathers to symbolize wealth and (among men) virility. The name of the Nez Perce tribe was derived from the practice, though nose piercing was not common within the tribe. The Aztecs, Mayans and Incas wore gold septum rings for adornment, with the practice continued to this day by the Kuna of Panama. Nose piercing also remains popular in Pakistan and Bangladesh and is practiced in a number of Middle Eastern and Arabic countries.
Piercings of the lip and tongue.
Lip piercing and lip stretching were historically found in African and American tribal cultures. Pierced adornments of the lip, or labrets, were sported by the Tlingit as well as peoples of Papua New Guinea and Amazonia. Aztecs and Mayans also wore labrets, while the Dogon people of Mali and the Nuba of Ethiopia wore rings. The practice of stretching the lips by piercing them and inserting plates or plugs was found throughout Pre-Columbian Mesoamerica and South America as well as among some of the tribes of the Pacific Northwest and Africa. In some parts of Malawi, it was quite common for women to adorn their lips with a lip disc called a "pelele" that by means of gradual enlargement from childhood could reach several inches of diameter and would eventually alter the occlusion of the jaw. Such lip stretching is still practiced in some places. Women of the Mursi of Ethiopia wear lip rings on occasion that may reach in diameter.
In some Pre-Columbian and North American cultures, labrets were seen as a status symbol. They were the oldest form of high status symbol among the Haida women, though the practice of wearing them died out due to Western influence.
Tongue piercing was practiced by the Aztec, Olmec and Mayan cultures as a ritual symbol. Wall paintings highlight a ritual of the Mayans during which nobility would pierce their tongues with thorns, collecting the blood on bark which would be burned in honor of the Mayan gods. It was also practiced by the Haida, Kwakiutl and Tlingit, as well as the Fakirs and Sufis of the Middle East.
Nipple, navel and genital piercing.
The history of nipple piercing, navel piercing, and genital piercing has been particularly misrepresented by printed works continuing to repeat myths that were originally promulgated by Malloy in the pamphlet "Body & Genital Piercing in Brief". For example, according to Malloy's colleague Jim Ward, Malloy claimed navel piercing was popular among ancient Egyptian aristocrats and was depicted in Egyptian statuary, a claim that is widely repeated. Other sources say there are no records to support a historical practice for navel piercing.
However, records do exist that refer to practices of nipple and genital piercing in various cultures prior to the 20th century. "Kama Sutra", dated to the Gupta Empire of Ancient India, describes genital piercing to permit sexual enhancement by inserting pins and other objects into the foreskin of the penis. The Dayak tribesmen of Borneo passed a shard of bone through their glans for the opposite reason, to diminish their sexual activity. In the Talmud (Tractate "Shabbat" 24a), there may be mention of a genital piercing in the probition against the "kumaz", which medieval French Talmudic commenter Rashi interpreted as a chastity piercing for women. Other interpreters have, however, suggested that the "kumaz" was rather a pendant shaped like a vulva or a girdle.
Nipple piercing may have been a sign of masculinity for the soldiers of Rome. Nipple piercing has also been connected to rites of passage for both British and American sailors who had traveled beyond a significant latitude and longitude. Western women of the 14th century sometimes sported pierced as well as rouged nipples left visible by the low-cut dresses fashionable in the day. It is widely reported that in the 1890s, nipple rings called "bosom rings" resurfaced as a fashion statement among women of the West, who would wear them on one or both sides, but if such a trend existed, it was short-lived.
Dermal piercing.
Dermal piercing, also referred to as dermal anchors, involve combining a piercing and an implant so that jewelry can be affixed to areas of the body that are not normally conducive to piercing, such as the cheek or neck. 
Growing popularity in the West.
By the early part of the 20th century, piercing of any body part had become uncommon in the West. After World War II, it began increasing in popularity among the gay male subculture. Even ear piercing for a time was culturally unacceptable for women, but that relatively common form of piercing began growing in popularity from the 1960s. In the 1970s, piercing began to expand, as the punk movement embraced it, featuring nontraditional adornment such as safety pins; and Fakir Musafar began popularizing it as a form of Modern Primitivism, which incorporated piercing elements from other cultures, such as stretching.
Body piercing was also heavily popularized in the United States by a group of Californians including Malloy and Ward, who is regarded as "the founding father of modern body piercing". In 1975, Ward opened a home-based piercing business in West Hollywood, which was followed in 1978 by the opening of Gauntlet Enterprises, "the first professional body piercing specialty studio in America." From it, Ward distributed the pamphlet which Malloy had written and Ward illustrated, disseminating much misinformation but stimulating interest in more exotic piercings. As word of body piercing spread to the wider community, Ward, Malloy and Musafar collaborated on launching the first publication dedicated to the subject, "PFIQ".
A significant development in body piercing in England occurred in 1987, when during Operation Spanner, a group of homosexuals—including well known body piercer Alan Oversby—were convicted of assault for their involvement in consensual sadomasochism over a 10-year period, including acts of body piercing. The courts declared that decorative body piercing was not illegal, but that erotic body piercing "was". Subsequently, the group Countdown on Spanner formed in 1992 in protest. The group appealed the decision before the High Court of Justice, the House of Lords and finally the European Commission of Human Rights, attempting to overturn the verdict which ruled consent immaterial in acts of sadomasochism, without success. In spite of their repeated failures, the situation publicized the issue, with "The Times" editorializing the court's decision as "illiberal nonsense" in 1993.
Body modification in general became more popular in the United States in the 1990s, as piercing also became more widespread, with growing availability and access to piercings of the navel, nose, eyebrows, lips, tongue, nipples and genitals. In 1993, a navel piercing was depicted in MTV Video Music Awards' "Music Video of the Year", "Cryin'", which inspired a plethora of young female fans to follow suit. According to 2009's "The Piercing Bible", it was this consumer drive that "essentially inspired the creation of body-piercing as a full-fledged industry." Body piercing was given another media-related boost in 2004, when during a Half-time performance at Super Bowl XXXVIII singer Janet Jackson experienced a "wardrobe malfunction" that left exposed Jackson's pierced nipple. Some professional body piercers reported considerable increases in business following the heavily publicized event.
Alongside traditional piercing techniques, modern body adornment includes variant techniques such as pocketing and flesh stapling, although as of 2007 these were still not widely made available by piercers. In the first of these, a scalpel opens the skin or mucous membranes, into which the larger end of a piece of jewellery or—if using a bar—two ends are inserted. These kinds of piercings may be difficult to remove, as fibrous tissue can form around the end or ends of the jewellery or the implanted tube into which the jewellery is placed. When a bar is used, pocketing looks quite similar to flesh stapling. The latter technique is frequently done in the form of a ladder.
21st century statistics.
A 2005 survey of 10,503 people in England over the age of 16 found that approximately 10% (1,049) had body piercings in sites other than the earlobe, with a heavy representation of women aged 16–24 (46.2% piercing in that demographic). Among the most common body sites, the navel was top at 33%, with the nose and ear (other than lobe) following at 19% and 13%. The tongue and nipple tied at 9%. The eyebrow, lip and genitals were 8%, 4% and 2%, respectively. Preference among women followed closely on that ranking, though eyebrow piercings were more common than nipple piercings. Among male responders, the order was significantly different, descending in popularity from nipple, eyebrow, ear, tongue, nose, lip and genitals. A cross-cultural study published in 2011 found that individuals with piercings were likely to be involved in other forms of countercultural expression as well.
Reasons for piercing.
Reasons for piercing vary greatly.
A 2001 survey in "Clinical Nursing Research", an international publication, found that 62% of people who pierced had done so in an effort "to express their individuality." People also pierce to commemorate landmark events or to overcome traumatic ones. According to the assistant director of the Frankfurt University Teaching Hospital for Psychosomatic Medicine and Psychotherapy, some sexual abuse survivors choose body piercing as a means of "reclaiming body parts from memories of abuse". Piercing can also be chosen for simple aesthetic value, to highlight particular areas of the body, as a navel piercing may reflect a woman's satisfaction with the shape and condition of her stomach. Some people pierce, permanently or temporarily, to enhance sexual pleasure. Genital and nipple piercings may increase sexual satisfaction. Some people participate in a form of body play known as play piercing, in which piercings may be done temporarily on the genitals or elsewhere on the body for sexual gratification.
Piercing combined with suspension was historically important in the religious ceremonies of some Native Americans, featuring in many variants of the Sun Dance ceremony, including that practiced by the Crow Nation. During the Crow ceremony, men who wished to obtain visions were pierced in the shoulders or chest by men who had undergone the ceremony in the past and then suspended by these piercings from poles in or outside of the Sun Dance Lodge. Some contemporary Southeast Asian rituals also practice body piercing, as a form of spiritual self-mortification. Generally, the subject attempts to enter an analgesic trance prior to the piercing.
Bridging the gap between self-expressive piercing and spiritual piercing, modern primitives use piercing and other forms of body modification as a way of ritually reconnecting with themselves and society, which according to Musafar once used piercing as a culturally binding ritual. But at the same time that piercing can be culturally binding, it may also be a means of rebellion, particularly for adolescents in Western cultures.
A fifteen-year analysis published in 2011, "Body Piercing and Identity Construction" found that "public" piercing served as a mechanism of both accelerated camaraderie and political communication, while "private" piercings served to enhance sexuality and contest heteronormativity.
Piercing prohibitions and taboos.
While body piercing has grown more widespread, it can remain controversial, particularly in youth. Some countries impose age of consent laws requiring parental permission for minors to receive body piercings. Scotland requires parental consent for youths below 16, while in 2011 Wales began considering a similar law. In addition to imposing parental consent requirements, Western Australia prohibits piercing private areas of minors, including genitals and nipples, on penalty of fine and imprisonment for the piercer. Many states in the US also require parental consent to pierce minors, with some also requiring the physical presence of the parents during the act. The state of Idaho has imposed a minimum age for body piercing at 14. 
In 2004, controversy erupted in Crothersville, Indiana when a local high school featured a spread on "Body Decorations" in its yearbook that featured tattoos and body piercings of teachers and students. That same year, in Henry County, Georgia, a 15-year-old boy remained in in-school suspension for a full month for violating school policy by wearing eyebrow, nose, labret and tongue piercings to school before his mother decided to homeschool him. 
According to 2006's "Tattoos and Body Piercing", corporate dress codes can also strictly limit piercing displays. At that time, Starbucks limited piercings to two per ear and jewellery to small, matched earrings. Employees of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts were not permitted to display piercings at all.
Body piercing in some religions is held to be destructive to the body. Some passages of the Bible, including Leviticus 19:28, have been interpreted as prohibiting body modification because the body is held to be the property of God. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has taken an official position against most piercings unless for medical reasons, although they accept piercings for women as long as there is only one set of piercings in the lower lobe of the ears and no other place on the body. Wearing of very large nose rings on "Shabbat" is forbidden by the Talmud.
World records.
Officially titled "Most Pierced Woman", Elaine Davidson of Scotland holds the Guinness World Record for most permanent piercings, first setting this record in 2000 upon verification by Guinness judges of 462 body piercings, with 192 at the time being around her head and face. As of 8 June 2006, her Guinness-certified piercings numbered 4,225. In February 2009, "The Daily Telegraph" reported that she had 6,005. The "Most Pierced Man" as of 2009 was Luis Antonio Agüero, who had 230 permanent piercings, with 175 rings adorning his face alone.
In January 2003, Canadian Brent Moffat set the World Record for most body piercings in one session (700 piercings with 18g surgical needles in 1 session of 7 hours, using play piercing where the skin is pierced and sometimes jewellery is inserted, which is worn temporarily). In December of the same year, Moffat had 900 piercings in 4½ hours. On 4 March 2006, the record was overturned by Kam Ma, who had 1,015 temporary metal rings inserted in 7 hours and 55 minutes. The record for most body piercings with surgical needles was set on 29 May 2008, when Robert Jesus Rubio allowed 900 18-gauge, -long surgical needles to be inserted into his body.
Contemporary piercing practices.
Contemporary body piercing jewellery.
Body piercing jewellery should be hypoallergenic. A number of materials are used, with varying strengths and weaknesses. Surgical stainless steel, niobium and titanium are commonly used metals, with titanium the least likely to cause allergic reaction of the three. Platinum and palladium are also safe alternatives, even in fresh piercings. Initial piercings should never be done with gold of any grade, as gold is mixed with other metals, and sterling silver is not a good alternative in a piercing, as it may cause allergies in initial piercings and will tarnish in piercings of any age. An additional risk for allergic reaction may arise when the stud or clasp of jewellery is made from a different metal than the primary piece.
Body piercing jewellery is measured by thickness and diameter/length. Most countries use millimeters. In the USA, the Brown & Sharpe AWG gauging system is used, which assigns lower numbers to thicker middles. 00 gauge is , while 20 gauge is .
Piercing tools.
Permanent body piercings are performed by creating an opening in the body using a sharp object through the area to be pierced. This can either be done by puncturing an opening using a needle (usually a hollow medical needle) or scalpel or by removing tissue, either with a dermal punch or through scalpelling.
Tools used in body piercing include:
Risks associated with body piercing.
Body piercing is an invasive procedure with risks. In a 2005 survey of 10,503 persons over the age of 16 in England, complications were reported in 31% of piercings, with professional help being necessary in 15.2%. 0.9% had complications serious enough to require hospitalization.
Some risks of note include:
Contemporary body piercing studios generally take numerous precautions to protect the health of the person being pierced and the piercer. Piercers are expected to sanitize the location to be pierced as well as their hands, even though they will often wear gloves during the procedure (and in some areas must, as it is prescribed by law). Quite frequently, these gloves will be changed multiple times, often one pair for each step of setup to avoid cross contamination. For example, after a piercer has cleaned the area to be pierced on a client, the piercer may change gloves to avoid recontaminating the area with the gloves he/she used to clean it. Wearing sterile gloves is required by law for professional piercing procedures in some areas, such as the states of Florida and South Carolina. Tools and jewellery should be sterilized in autoclaves, and non-autoclavable surfaces should be cleaned with disinfectant agents on a regular basis and between clients.
In addition, the Association of Professional Piercers recommends classes in First Aid in blood-borne pathogens as part of professional training.
The healing process and body piercing aftercare.
The aftercare process for body piercing has evolved gradually through practice, and many myths and harmful recommendations persist. A reputable piercing studio should provide clients with written and verbal aftercare instructions, as is in some areas mandated by law.
The healing process of piercings is broken down into three stages:
It is normal for a white or slightly yellow discharge to be noticeable on the jewellery, as the sebaceous glands produce an oily substance meant to protect and moisturize the wound. While these sebum deposits may be expected for some time, only a small amount of pus, which is a sign of inflammation or infection, should be expected, and only within the initial phase. While sometimes difficult to distinguish, sebum is "more solid and cheeselike and has a distinctive rotten odor", according to "The Piercing Bible".
The amount of time it typically takes a piercing to heal varies widely according to the placement of the piercing. Genital piercings can be among the quicker to heal, with piercings of the clitoral hood and Prince Albert piercings healing in as little as a month, though some may take longer. Navel piercings can be the slowest to heal, with one source reporting a range of six months to two full years. The prolonged healing of navel piercings may be connected to clothing friction.

</doc>
<doc id="21496156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496156" title="Carsten Hansen (chess player)">
Carsten Hansen (chess player)

Carsten Hansen (born 1971) is a Danish chess player and writer. FIDE, the World Chess Federation, has awarded him the title of FIDE Master. As of February 2009, his rating is 2307. Hansen is the author of the books "The Gambit Guide to the English Opening 1...e5" (1999), "The Symmetrical English" (2001), "The Nimzo-Indian: 4. e3" (2003), and "Improve Your Positional Chess" (2005). He has also written book reviews for ChessCafe.com.

</doc>
<doc id="21496158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496158" title="Bassirou Badji">
Bassirou Badji

Bassirou Badji is a former Senegalese basketball player. Badji competed for Senegal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he scored 0 points in 6 games.

</doc>
<doc id="21496160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496160" title="Burmese names">
Burmese names

Burmese names lack the serial quality of most modern names. The Burmese people have no customary patronymic or matronymic system and thus there is no surname at all. In Burmese culture, people can change their name at will, often with no government oversight, to reflect a change in the course of their lives. Also, many Burmese names use an honorific, given at some point in life, as an integral part of the name. However, in modern Burma many of these traditions are changing.
Traditional and Western-style names.
Burmese names were originally one syllable, as in the cases of U Nu and U Thant ("U" being an honorific). In the mid 20th century, many Burmese started using two syllables, albeit without any formal structure. In the late 1890s, British scholars observed that the Arakanese commonly adopted three syllable names, whereas the Bamar were still using one or two at most. As they become more familiar with Western culture, Burmese people are gradually increasing the number of syllables in their children's names, by use of various structures. Today, names with up to four syllables are common for males and up to five for females.
Scholars such as Thant Myint-U have argued that the rise of complex Burmese personal names resulted from the collapse of the Burmese monarchy, which ended the sophisticated system of Pali-Burmese styles, crown service and gentry titles, leaving the majority of Burmese with single syllable names. Former titles, such as "min" (; "leader") were re-appropriated as part of personal names.
For example, Burmese nationalist Aung San's parents were named Pha () and Suu (), both of which are single syllable names. His birth name was Htain Lin (), but he changed his name to Aung San () later in life. His child is named Aung San Suu Kyi (). The first part of her name, "Aung San", is from her father's name at the time of her birth. "Suu" comes from her grandmother. "Kyi" comes from her mother, Khin Kyi (). The addition of the father or mother's name in a person's name is now quite frequent, although it does not denote the development of a family name. Other nomenclature systems are used as well. 
The use of the names of one's parents and relatives in personal names has been criticized as an un-Burmese adoption of seriality, although it differs from historical Western practices.
Bamar names commonly include Pali-derived words combined with native Burmese words, including:
Burmese people who marry into the West or immigrate to countries that use surnames may use their name as if part of it represented a family name. For example, Tun Myint's wife changed her last name to Myint, but Myint is part of his personal name.
Honorifics.
As above, honorifics supplement a given name, and can be the normal form of address used both in writing and in speech, especially with a name of one or two syllables. Widespread use of honorifics is found within all cultures in the Burmese region. Although some ethnic groups have special honorifics, these words are recognized and applied by other groups (rather than being translated).
For example, Aung San's parents are more generally known as U Pha and Daw Suu. These can be translated as "Mr. Pha" and "Ms. Suu" but are often used more informally.
Below are some common honorifics used in Burmese names:
Astrology-based naming system.
Many Burmese Buddhists also use astrology (which is determined by the child's day of birth in the traditional 8-day calendar) to name their children. For instance, a Monday-born child may have a name beginning with the letter "k" (). The following is a traditional chart that corresponds the day of birth with the first letter used in a child's name, although this naming scheme is not universally used today:

</doc>
<doc id="21496167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496167" title="And-Kensaku">
And-Kensaku

And-Kensaku is a party video game for the Wii. The name comes from the Japanese word "Kensaku", which means "searching". The game was released in Japan on April 29, 2010.
Gameplay.
"Kensaku" is a collection of minigames which are played using the number of results that appear when search terms are entered into a search engine. This number is referred to as a "hit count". It contains 11 minigames, ranging from puzzle games to shooting games.
Development.
The game was first shown at Nintendo's autumn conference in October, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21496171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496171" title="Site plan">
Site plan

A site plan is an architectural plan, landscape architecture document, and a detailed engineering drawing of proposed improvements to a given lot. A site plan usually shows a building footprint, travelways, parking, drainage facilities, sanitary sewer lines, water lines, trails, lighting, and landscaping and garden elements.
Such a plan of a site is a "graphic representation of the arrangement of buildings, parking, drives, landscaping and any other structure that is part of a development project".
A site plan is a "set of construction drawings that a builder or contractor uses to make improvements to a property. Counties can use the site plan to verify that development codes are being met and as a historical resource. Site plans are often prepared by a design consultant who must be either a licensed engineer, architect, landscape architect or land surveyor".
Site plan topics.
Site analysis.
Site analysis is an inventory completed as a preparatory step to site planning, a form of urban planning which involves research, analysis, and synthesis. It primarily deals with basic data as it relates to a specific site. The topic itself branches into the boundaries of architecture, landscape architecture, engineering, economics, and urban planning. 
Site Analysis is an element in site planning and design. Kevin A. Lynch, an urban planner developed an eight cycle step process of site design, in which the second step is site analysis, the focus of this section.
Site plan building blocks.
A site plan is a top view, bird’s eye view of a property that is drawn to scale. A site plan can show:Site Plans, Elevations and Floor Plans A Community Guide San Jose. Accessed 11 Feb 2009.
Site planning.
Site planning in landscape architecture and architecture refers to the organizational stage of the landscape design process. It involves the organization of land use zoning, access, circulation, privacy, security, shelter, land drainage, and other factors. This is done by arranging the compositional elements of landform, planting, water, buildings and paving and building. 
Site planning generally begins by assessing a potential site for development through site analysis. Information about slope, soils, hydrology, vegetation, parcel ownership, orientation, etc. are assessed and mapped. By determining areas that are poor for development (such as floodplain or steep slopes) and better for development, the planner or architect can assess optimal location and design a structure that works within this space.
Transportation planning.
Transportation planning is the field involved with the siting of transportation facilities (generally streets, highways, sidewalks, bike lanes and public transport lines). Transportation planning historically has followed the rational planning model of defining goals and objectives, identifying problems, generating alternatives, evaluating alternatives, and developing the plan. Other models for planning include rational actor, satisficing, incremental planning, organizational process, and political bargaining. However, planners are increasingly expected to adopt a multi-disciplinary approach, especially due to the rising importance of environmentalism. For example, the use of behavioral psychology to persuade drivers to abandon their automobiles and use public transport instead. The role of the transport planner is shifting from technical analysis to promoting sustainability through integrated transport policies.Southern, A. (2006), Modern-day transport planners need to be both technically proficient and politically astute, "Local Transport Today", no. 448, 27 July 2005.
Urban planning.
Urban, city, and town planning is the integration of the disciplines of land use planning and transport planning, to explore a very wide range of aspects of the built and social environments of urbanized municipalities and communities. Regional planning deals with a still larger environment, at a less detailed level. Based upon the origins of urban planning from the Roman (pre-Dark Ages) era, the current discipline revisits the synergy of the disciplines of urban planning, architecture and landscape architecture, varying upon from the interlectural strategic positioning from university to university.

</doc>
<doc id="21496179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496179" title="Kaaba">
Kaaba

The Kaaba or Ka'aba ( ' , "The Cube"), also known as the Sacred House ( ') and the Ancient House ( ""), is a cuboid building at the centre of Islam's most sacred mosque, Al-Masjid al-Haram, in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. It is the most sacred point within this most sacred mosque, making it the most sacred location in Islam. Wherever they are in the world, Muslims are expected to face the Kaabai.e. when outside Mecca, to face toward Meccawhen performing "salat" (prayers).
Al-Masjid al-Haram was built around the Kaaba. From any point in the world, the direction facing the Kaaba is called the "Qibla".
As long as they are able to do so, one of the Five Pillars of Islam requires every Muslim to perform the "Hajj" pilgrimage at least once in his or her lifetime. Multiple parts of the Hajj require pilgrims to make Tawaf, the circumambulation seven times around the Kaaba in a counter-clockwise direction. This circumambulation is also performed by pilgrims during the "Umrah" (lesser pilgrimage). However, the most interesting times are during the Hajj, when millions of pilgrims gather to circle the building on the same day. In 2013, the number of pilgrims coming from outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to perform Hajj was officially reported as 1,100,544.
Architecture.
The Kaaba is a cuboid structure which is made of granite quarried from nearby hills. Standing upon a marble base that projects outwards about , it is approximately high, with sides measuring by . Inside the Kaaba, the floor is made of marble and limestone. The interior walls are clad with marble halfway to the roof. The marble is inset with Qur'anic inscriptions.
The wall directly adjacent to the entrance of the Kaaba has six tablets inlaid with inscriptions. The top part of the walls are covered with a green cloth embroidered with gold Qur'anic verses. Caretakers anoint the marble cladding with scented oil used on the Black Stone outside. Three pillars stand inside the Kaaba, with a small altar set between one and the other two. Lamp-like objects (possible crucible censers) hang by a rope above the platform. An enclosed staircase leads to the roof.
Each numbered item in the following list corresponds to features called out in the diagram image, on right.
Religious significance.
The Kaaba is the holiest site in Islam, similar in status to the Temple Mount in Judaism, towards which Jews may also turn to pray.
Qibla.
The "Qibla" is the Muslims' name for the direction faced during prayer. It is the focal point for prayer. The direction faced during prayer is the direction of where the Kaaba is.
Pilgrimage.
The Haram is the focal point of the Hajj and Umrah pilgrimages that occur in the month of Dhu al-Hijjah in the Islamic calendar and at any time of the year, respectively. The Hajj pilgrimage is one of the Pillars of Islam, required of all able-bodied Muslims who can afford the trip. In recent times, about 6 million Muslims perform the Hajj every year.
Some of the rituals performed by pilgrims are symbolic of historical incidents. For example, the episode of Hagar's search for water is emulated by Muslims as they run between the two hills of Safa and Marwah whenever they visit Mecca.
The Hajj is associated with the life of the Islamic prophet Muhammad from the 7th century, but the ritual of pilgrimage to Mecca is considered by Muslims to stretch back thousands of years to the time of Sayyidna Ibrahim (Abraham).
History.
According to tradition the Kaaba was built by Ibrahim (Abraham). It is stated in the Qur'an that this was the first house that was built for humanity to worship Allah (God).
Pre-Islamic era.
Writing in the "Encyclopedia of Islam", Wensinck identifies Mecca with a place called "Macoraba" mentioned by Ptolemy and found in a 3rd-century BC map which suggests that Macoraba was Mecca.
In her book, "Islam: A Short History", Karen Armstrong asserts that the Kaaba was at some point dedicated to Hubal, a Nabatean deity, and contained 360 idols that probably represented the days of the year. According to Ibn Ishaq, an early biographer of Muhammad, the Ka'aba was itself previously addressed as a female deity. Circumambulation was often performed naked by male pilgrims, and linked to ancient fertility rites. By Muhammad's day, the Kaaba was venerated as the shrine of Allah, the High God. Once a year, tribes from all around the Arabian peninsula, whether Christian or pagan, would converge on Mecca to perform the "Hajj", marking the widespread conviction that Allah was the same deity worshiped by monotheists.
Coloured stones.
Imoti contends that there were numerous such "Kaaba" sanctuaries in Arabia at one time, but this was the only one built of stone. The others also allegedly had counterparts of the Black Stone. There was a "red stone", the deity of the south Arabian city of Ghaiman, and the "white stone" in the Kaaba of al-Abalat (near the city of Tabala, south of Mecca). Grunebaum in "Classical Islam" points out that the experience of divinity of that period was often associated with stone fetishes, mountains, special rock formations, or "trees of strange growth."
The Kaaba was thought to be at the center of the world, with the Gate of Heaven directly above it. The Kaaba marked the location where the sacred world intersected with the profane; the embedded Black Stone was a further symbol of this as a meteorite that had fallen from the sky and linked heaven and earth.
According to Sarwar, about 400 years before the birth of Muhammad, a man named "Amr bin Lahyo bin Harath bin Amr ul-Qais bin Thalaba bin Azd bin Khalan bin Babalyun bin Saba", who was descended from Qahtan and was the king of Hijaz (the northwestern section of Saudi Arabia, which encompassed the cities of Mecca and Medina), had placed a Hubal idol onto the roof of the Kaaba. This idol was one of the chief deities of the ruling Quraysh. The idol was made of red agate and shaped like a human, but with the right hand broken off and replaced with a golden hand. When the idol was moved inside the Kaaba, it had seven arrows in front of it, which were used for divination.
To maintain peace among the perpetually warring tribes, Mecca was declared a sanctuary where no violence was allowed within of the Kaaba. This combat-free zone allowed Mecca to thrive not only as a place of pilgrimage, but also as a trading center.
Edward Gibbon suggested that the Kaaba was mentioned by ancient Greek writer, Diodorus Siculus, before the Christian era:
In "Makkan Trade and the Rise of Islam", Patricia Crone argues that the identification of Macoraba with Mecca is false and that Macoraba was a town in southern Arabia in what was then known as Arabia Felix.
Crone was responded to by Amaal Muhammad Al-Roubi in "A Response to Patrica Crone's book".
G. E. von Grunebaum states:
Many Muslim and academic historians stress the power and importance of the pre-Islamic Mecca. They depict it as a city grown rich on the proceeds of the spice trade. Crone believes that this is an exaggeration and that Mecca may only have been an outpost trading with nomads for leather, cloth, and camel butter. Crone argues that if Mecca had been a well-known center of trade, it would have been mentioned by later authors such as Procopius, Nonnosus, or the Syrian church chroniclers writing in Syriac. The town is absent, however, from any geographies or histories written in the three centuries before the rise of Islam.
According to the Encyclopædia Britannica, "before the rise of Islam it was revered as a sacred sanctuary and was a site of pilgrimage." According to German historian Eduard Glaser, the name "Kaaba" may have been related to the southern Arabian or Ethiopian word ""mikrab"", signifying a temple. Again, Crone disputes this etymology.
"In the preIslamic period it was a shrine to 360 deities, but it was not until 630 AD that Mohammed demolished these deities and rededicated the shrine to the one true God." 
Construction attributed to Abraham and Ishmael.
The Quran states that Ibrahim, together with his son Ishmael, raised the foundations of a house that is identified by most commentators as the Kaaba. Allah had shown Ibrahim the exact site, very near to the Well of Zamzam, where Ibrahim and Ishmael began work on the Kaaba's construction in circa 2130 BC. After Ibrahim had built the Kaaba, an angel brought to him the Black Stone, a celestial stone that, according to tradition, had fallen from Heaven on the nearby hill Abu Qubays. According to a saying attributed to Muhammad, the Black Stone had "descended from Paradise whiter than milk but the sins of the sons of Adam had made it black". The Black Stone is believed to be the only remnant of the original structure made by Ibrahim.
After the placing of the Black Stone in the Eastern corner of the Kaaba, Ibrahim received a revelation, in which Allah told the aged prophet that he should now go and proclaim the pilgrimage to mankind, so that men may come both from Arabia and from lands far away, on camel and on foot. Going by the dates attributed to the patriarchs, Ishmael is believed to have been born around 2150 BC, with Isaac being born a hundred years later.
Therefore, Islamic scholars have generally assumed that the Kaaba was constructed by Ibrahim around 2130 BC. The Kaaba is, therefore, believed by Muslims to be more than a millennium older than Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem, which is believed to have been finished in 1007 BC. These dates remain consistent with the Muslim belief that the Kaaba is the first and thus oldest mosque in history.
In Samaritan literature, the Samaritan Book of the Secrets of Moses (Asatir) claims that Ishmael and his eldest son Nebaioth built the Kaaba as well as the city of Mecca. "The Secrets of Moses" or Asatir book was suggested by some opinion to have been compiled in the 10th century, while another opinion in 1927 suggested that it was written no later than the second half of the 3rd century BC.
Muhammad era.
At the time of Muhammad (570–632 AD), his tribe, the Quraysh, was in charge of the Kaaba, which was at that time a shrine containing hundreds of idols representing Arabian tribal gods and other religious figures. Muhammad earned the enmity of his tribe by claiming the Kaaba to be dedicated to the worship of Allah alone and by having all the other idols evicted. The Quraysh persecuted and harassed him continuously, so he and his followers eventually migrated to Medina in 622.
Islamic histories also mention a reconstruction of the Kaaba around 600 AD. A story found in Ibn Ishaq's "Sirat Rasūl Allāh", one of the biographies of Muhammad (as reconstructed and translated by Guillaume), describes Muhammad settling a quarrel between Meccan clans as to which clan should set the Black Stone cornerstone in place. According to Ishaq's biography, Muhammad's solution was to have all the clan elders raise the cornerstone on a cloak, after which Muhammad set the stone into its final place with his own hands. Ibn Ishaq says that the timber for the reconstruction of the Kaaba came from a Greek ship that had been wrecked on the Red Sea coast at Shu'ayba and that the work was undertaken by a Coptic carpenter called Baqum.
After this migration, or Hijra, the Muslim community became a political and military force, continuously repelling Meccan attacks. In 630 AD, two years after signing the Treaty of Hudaybiyyah, the Meccan Quraysh attacked the Bedouin Khuza'a, thereby breaking the peace treaty. The Muslims emerged as victors in the battle that followed this incident and Muhammad entered Mecca with his followers; they proceeded to the Kaaba. He refused, however, to enter the Kaaba while there were idols in it and so sent Abu Sufyan ibn Harb and Mughira ibn Shu'ba to remove them.
The Kaaba was re-dedicated as an Islamic house of worship and henceforth the annual pilgrimage was to be a Muslim rite, the Hajj, with visits to the Kaaba and other sacred sites around Mecca.
After Muhammad.
The Kaaba has been repaired and reconstructed many times since Muhammad's day. The structure was severely damaged by fire on 3 Rabi I (Sunday, 31 October 683), during the first siege of Mecca in the war between the Umayyads and Abd-Allah ibn al-Zubayr, an early Muslim who ruled Mecca for many years between the death of ʿAli and the consolidation of Umayyad power. Ibn al-Zubayr rebuilt it to include the "hatīm". He did so on the basis of a tradition (found in several hadith collections) that the "hatīm" was a remnant of the foundations of the Abrahamic Kaaba, and that Muhammad himself had wished to rebuild so as to include it.
The Kaaba was bombarded with stones in the second siege of Mecca in 692, in which the Umayyad army was led by al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf. The fall of the city and the death of Ibn al-Zubayr allowed the Umayyads under ʿAbdu l-Malik ibn Marwan to finally reunite all the Islamic possessions and end the long civil war. In 693 AD, ʿAbdu l-Malik had the remnants of al-Zubayr's Kaaba razed, and rebuilt on the foundations set by the Quraysh. The Kaaba returned to the cube shape it had taken during Muhammad's time.
During the Hajj of 930 AD, the Qarmatians attacked Mecca, defiled the Zamzam Well with the bodies of pilgrims and stole the Black Stone, taking it to the oasis region of Eastern Arabia known as al-Aḥsāʾ, where it remained until the Abbasids ransomed it in 952 AD. The basic shape and structure of the Kaaba have not changed since then.
After heavy rains and flooding in 1629, the walls of the Kaaba collapsed and the Masjid was damaged. The same year, during the reign of Murad IV, the Kaaba was rebuilt with granite stones from Mecca and the Masjid was renovated. The Kaaba's appearance has not changed since then.
The Kaaba is depicted on the reverse of 500 Saudi Riyal, and the 2000 Iranian rial banknotes.
Cleaning.
The building is opened twice a year for a ceremony known as "the cleaning of the Kaaba." This ceremony takes place roughly thirty days before the start of the month of Ramadan and thirty days before the start of Hajj.
The keys to the Kaaba are held by the Banī Shayba () tribe. Members of the tribe greet visitors to the inside of the Kaaba on the occasion of the cleaning ceremony. A small number of dignitaries and foreign diplomats are invited to participate in the ceremony. The governor of Mecca leads the honoured guests who ritually clean the structure, using simple brooms. Washing of the Kaaba is done with a mixture of water from the Zamzam Well and Persian rosewater.

</doc>
<doc id="21496189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496189" title="Fort St. John Group">
Fort St. John Group

The Fort St. John Group is a stratigraphic unit of Lower Cretaceous age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It takes the name from the city of Fort St. John, British Columbia and was first defined by George Mercer Dawson in 1881.
Lithology.
The Fort St. John Group is mostly composed of dark shale deposited in a marine environment. Bentonite is present in the shale, and it is interbedded with sandstone, siltstone and conglomerates.
Distribution.
The Fort St. John Group occurs in the subsurface in the Peace River Country of northeastern British Columbia and north-western Alberta, in southern Yukon and southern Northwest Territories. It has a thickness of to .
Relationship to other units.
The Fort St. John Group is conformably overlain by the Dunvegan Formation and conformably underlain by the Bullhead Group or may rest disconformably on older units.
Subdivisions.
The Fort St. John Group is subdivided into the following formations:

</doc>
<doc id="21496190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496190" title="United States Ambassador to Montenegro">
United States Ambassador to Montenegro

This is a list of United States Ambassadors to Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="21496194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496194" title="List of minor 2000 AD stories">
List of minor 2000 AD stories

This is a list of minor "2000 AD" stories.
Stories.
A.
Absalom.
"Absalom" is a horror story spin-off from "Caballistics, Inc." by Gordon Rennie and Tiernen Trevallion. So far it has spanned three installments "Noblesse Obligie" in "2000 AD" #1732-1739 (May–June 2011), "Sick leave" in "2000 AD" Prog 2012 (December 2011) and "Ghosts of London" in "2000 AD" #1765-1771 (January–February 2012).
The first trade paperback, "Ghosts of London", was published in June 2012 (ISBN 1781080429).
Ampney Crucis Investigates.
"Ampney Crucis Investigates" is an occult detective story by Ian Edginton and Simon Davis starring the fictional investigator Ampney Crucis and his man servant Eddie Cromwell. It started in "2000 AD" #1611 (2008) and up to the end of 2011 has spanned four parts.
The first trade paperback, "Vile Bodies", was published in January 2012 (ISBN 1907992944).
B.
Babe Race 2000.
"Babe Race 2000" is a story written by Mark Millar, with art by Anthony Williams which ran in an eponymous story in "2000 AD" #883-888 (1994) and a one-off, "Bounty Hunter Mom", in the 1995 "2000AD Yearbook".
Bato Loco.
"Bato Loco" is a story written by Gordon Rennie, with art by Simon Coleby that had two outings in the "Judge Dredd Megazine". It featured Carlito "Bato Loco" Agarra from the Barrio Blocks who was introduced in the story "Bato Loco" in "Judge Dredd Megazine" #202 (February 2003).
C.
Carver Hale.
"Carver Hale" was a story about a London mobster who gets possessed by a demon. It was written by Mike Carey with art by Mike Perkins (with some fill-in inking by Dylan Teague). It came about because editor Andy Diggle was commissioning more horror stories and Carey said he "was aiming to get some of the flavour of "Hellblazer", but in a more in-your-face, action-oriented story."
It was published in "2000 AD" #1236-1240 and 1247-1249 in 2001 (split because of deadline problems), and collected into a hardback volume in 2005 (ISBN 1-904265-62-6).
Citi-Def.
"Citi-Def" by Tony Lee, with art by Jack Lawrence. The series is set in the Judge Dredd universe, focusing on the City Defence units of armed militia. The first instalment as described as a good start with "cute" and "cartoony" art, and the second part was "an awesome romp" and "a fabulous idea, and here it's executed with great aplomb," although the reviewer felt it was pitched at a younger audience that usual. Another reviewer felt that while the artist "is pretty good at this sort of art, but I hate it" and reiterated concerns about the lack of sophistication but did acknowledge that "there are bags of fun ideas here."
The first story, "Field Trip", ran in "Judge Dredd Megazine" starting in issue #279.
Cradlegrave.
"Cradlegrave" is a horror comic story which ran in "2000 AD" #1633-1644, written by John Smith, with art by Edmund Bagwell.
It is set in the Ravenglade Estate (nicknamed "Cradlegrave"), somewhere in Lancashire. It follows the story of teenage Shane Holt, who has recently been released from Thorn Hill young offenders institution.
The story was collected into a trade paperback, with a foreword by Ramsey Campbell (ISBN 1907992464).
Cursed Earth Koburn.
"Cursed Earth Koburn" is a character who has appeared in an eponymous series in "Judge Dredd Megazine", written by Gordon Rennie, with art by Carlos Ezquerra.
D.
Dinosty.
"Dinosty" was the first series Pat Mills and Clint Langley had collaborated on (although Langley's first job at 2000 AD had been a "Future Shock" with Mills) and they would go on to work together on Mills' long-running stories "ABC Warriors" and "Sláine".
The story itself was originally supposed to appear in the spin-off comic "Earthside 8" but this title never happened. However, this was not the end of the problems as the move to "2000 AD" happened when Mills felt his relationship with the editors was breaking down and he came to believe that ""Dinosty" suffered from covert and non-verbalised editorial opposition, or maybe just disinterest." The story would eventually run in 1994, in issues #873 - 882.
G.
Glimmer Rats.
"Glimmer Rats" is a military science fiction story which appeared in "2000 AD", written by Gordon Rennie, with art by Mark Harrison. It was collected into a sixty page hardcover (ISBN 1904265006). Rennie has described the inspiration for the story as "Sven Hassel novels and a certain oblique pretentiousness."
The Grudge-Father.
"The Grudge-Father" was a "lurid" 1994 story written by Mark Millar, with Jim McCarthy providing the art, which ran in "2000 AD" #878-883.
I.
Insurrection.
"Insurrection" is a series by Dan Abnett published in "Judge Dredd Megazine" starting in January 2009. Abnett explains that "the actual brief was to bring to the Dredd Universe something of the epic war-in-space scale of the stuff I write for Warhammer 40K. Tharg (Matt to his friends) wanted a stonking big space war story that would suit the universe of the Mega-Cities".
He is joined by artist Colin MacNeil, who has also worked on a number of Warhammer 40K stories, and one reviewer notes the similarities suggesting "MacNeil is reprising exactly the same art style that he used on the "Bloodquest" strip in the Warhammer Monthly comic."
The reception has been positive with reviews of the first episode suggesting "With cracking art and a storming first episode I have to say ‘Insurrection’ has the potential to be the best Dredd off world spin-off ever" and "This was as good a first episode as I can remember reading and I can see Insurrection having the legs to deliver on that initial promise. " Reviews only got better after that, including: "Quite simply, this is the best non-Dredd story ever to run in the Megazine" and "glorious"
The first two instalment are being collected into a trade paperback (ISBN 1907992499).
J.
Journal of Luke Kirby.
"The Journal of Luke Kirby" was a long-running series, first appearing 1988 and running through to a last appearance in 1995. It was written by Alan McKenzie and had art by John Ridgway, Steve Parkhouse and Graham Higgins. Luke Kirby predates other boy wizards, such as Harry Potter and the Vertigo character Timothy Hunter.
M.
Maniac 5.
"Maniac 5" was, along with "Red Razors", one of Mark Millar's major solo series at "2000 AD", the others being co-written with Grant Morrison. It formed part of the "Summar Offensive" in 1993, along with "Judge Dredd": "," "Slaughterbowl", "Really & Truly" and "Big Dave". The initial, eponymous story was drawn by "Red Razors" artist Steve Yeowell, who would also draw the final story "Maniac 6," and other artists would work on the one-offs: David Hine on "War Journal," in "2000 AD Sci-Fi Special 1993," and Richard Elson on "Maniac 6 Prologue", in "2000 AD Winter Special 1993."
N.
Necrophim.
"Necrophim" is a story by Tony Lee, with art by Lee Carter. The prologue ran in "2000 AD" #1628-1632, with the main story starting in #1655.
P.
Pulp Sci-fi.
"Pulp Sci-fi" was another Future Shock-style series, designed by David Bishop to replace "Vector 13." It would be the launch pad for other series like Rose O'Rion but failed to prove popular with writers and ended two years after it started.
Purgatory.
"Purgatory" was a "Judge Dredd" spin-off that focused on Judge Grice and was written by Mark Millar, with art by Carlos Ezquerra. The series ran in "2000 AD" #834-841 in 1993 and led straight into up the Judge Dredd story "," with Ezquerra remaining on art and Grant Morrison taking over writing duties.
R.
Rain Dogs.
"Rain Dogs" is a science fiction story set in a flooded New York, which appeared in "2000 AD", written by Gordon Rennie, with art by Colin Wilson. It was collected into a fifty-two page hardcover (ISBN 1904265014).
Rose O'Rion.
"Rose O'Rion" span out of "Pulp Sci-fi" and was written by Kek-W, with art by Andy Clarke. The character returned in the "2000 AD" fanzine "Zarjaz" #10 as an illustrated text story, with art from Dylan Teague.
S.
Sancho Panzer.
"Sancho Panzer" is a story which ran in seven consecutive stories which ran in "2000 AD" #1112 - 1123 in 1998. It was written by Dan Abnett, with Henry Flint providing the art, and featured the eponymous character who pilots a giant tank called Mojo with the assistance of his technician Tool. He is pursued by reporter Lynx Farren, who is trying to get to the truth behind the legend, and General Herman Spurn, who was defeated by Panzer and is looking for revenge. Everyone has to pull together when the planet, Vainglory Five, is invaded by giant worms.
Abnett had tried to repeat the success of "Sinister Dexter" by seeing what worked and basing another story around those elements:
Silo.
"Silo" was Mark Millar's first series at "2000 AD" which was greenlit after he had had just two "Future Shocks" published, and it was drawn by Dave D'Antiquis, who had drawn the first of those. The story ran in issues #706-711 in 1990 and was reprinted in "Extreme Edition" #14 and involved two American soldiers in a nuclear missile silo apparently haunted by the ghost of Edward Bulwer-Lytton who was intent on ending the world.
Slaughterbowl.
"Slaughterbowl" is a story by John Smith and Paul Peart that ran in "2000 AD" #842-849 as part of their "Summer Offensive." It featured convicts piloting cybernetic dinosaurs as a sport of the future.
Snow/Tiger.
"Snow/Tiger" was a story featuring "a mixture of paranoid politics and extreme violence"written by Andy Diggle and was originally pitched to Vertigo but it was turned down as being "too mainstream". He reworked it, "I just took out the politics and left in the extreme violence", but the politics that remained still proved controversial, although Diggle concludes that "the fact the story pissed people off on both sides of the political spectrum suggest I probably pitched it about right."
Only one story was published, "Pax Americana", in "2000 AD" ##1336-1342 and it was collected in a free trade paperback given away in the "Judge Dredd Megazine" #276.
Stalag 666.
"Stalag #666" is a fifteen-part story, with a double-length (ten page) first instalment, by Tony Lee, with art by Jon Davis-Hunt. Lee describes it as "a futuristic space story that happens to be set in a prison camp. and it's (and I'll be honest here) a mash of clichés and homages as let's be truthful here, you couldn't do a prison camp story and not be like that."
The story ran in "2000 AD" #1600-1614 between August and November in 2008.
T.
Tales from Beyond Science.
"Tales from Beyond Science" was a series of one-off "Future Shock"-style stories all drawn by Rian Hughes with the writers Mark Millar, Alan McKenzie and John Smith. The story was devised by writer Millar and then editor McKenzie who brought Smith and Hughes in as the last members of the team.
The series was published in 1992 in "2000 AD" #774-779 and as part of a couple of special issues. Hughes has had these stories collected, along with new material, and published by Image Comics (ISBN 1607064715).
Thirteen.
"Thirteen" was a one-off story written by Mike Carey, with art by Andy Clarke. The story had been on Carey's mind for seven years before appearing in the comic. The writer has said "I wanted to do a story that was an insane, over-the-top space opera combined with the seventies paranoid thriller. I also had this idea for a narrative structure that would start small and then just keep on opening outwards like Chinese boxes until it was working on a cosmic level"
The story appeared in 2002 in "2000 AD" #1289-1299 and has been collected into a trade paperback (ISBN 1-904265-36-7)
Tyranny Rex.
"Tyranny Rex" is a story by John Smith and Steve Dillon. The main character is an artist and reptile, whose story crossed over with "Indigo Prime". The stories appeared between 1988 and 1994, with a number of artists including Will Simpson, Dougie Braithwaite, Steve Sampson, Duncan Fegredo, Mark Buckingham, Paul Marshall and Richard Elson, and the character made a comeback in 2004, with Steve Yeowell on art duties but no further stories appeared.
W.
Witch World.
"Witch World" is a series that appeared twice in "2000 AD", written by Gordon Rennie, with art provided by Siku, Paul Johnson, Will Simpson and John M. Burns.
Rennie describes the origins of the story (one of his first in "2000 AD" after stories being published in the Megazine): "It came about when I and a number of other writers were asked to put together pitches for a new fantasy strip, with guidelines suggested by the editor". However, he does not rate the story highly:
Z.
Zombo.
"Zombo" is a story written by Al Ewing, based on ideas by series artist Henry Flint, who also provided the art. The first series was set on a "death planet", one of a number of hostile and malevolent living planets, where the eponymous character has to lead the passengers of a crashed space ship to safety.
"Zombo" first appeared in "2000 AD" #1632.

</doc>
<doc id="21496204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496204" title="Sengoku Strays">
Sengoku Strays

Characters.
Oda Nobunaga
Otherwise known as "My Lord", "Lord", or "Kazusanosuke", Nobunaga is the lord of the Nagoya Castle. A young ruler whose goal is to unify the Owari province. He is feared for his arrogant personality and undaunted resolve, but he also views those vassals he trusts as family. He also has is "Three Fools".(excluding Kasana Kusanagi)The Three fools are very loyal to him because when their families were in complete danger, he helped them. He is a strong commander yet to be defeated by any.
Oda Nobuyuki
Nouhime
Saito Dosan
"The Three Fools"
Niwa Gorouzaemon Nagahide
Sasa Kuranosuke Norimasa
Maeda Matazaemon Toshiie

</doc>
<doc id="21496216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496216" title="Modou Tall">
Modou Tall

Modou Tall (born 27 June 1953) is a former Senegalese basketball player. Tall competed for Senegal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he scored 47 points in 6 games, including 18 points in a loss to Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="21496220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496220" title="Kingman Museum">
Kingman Museum

Kingman Museum is a natural history museum and planetarium located at 175 Limit Street, on the grounds of Leila Arboretum, in Battle Creek, Michigan, USA. Its mission is to promote an understanding and appreciation of the natural world, the universe, and human cultures.
The Museum's collections include several thousand artifacts, many of which are displayed in permanent and temporary exhibitions. The vast majority of the collection, however, is in storage. In 2007 the Museum received a grant from the Institute of Museum and Library Services to physically inventory and catalog every item in its collection. This massive project is scheduled for completion in August 2009.
Some of the Museum's highlights include its paleontology and geology specimens, animal taxidermy mounts, a preserved human embryo and fetus exhibit, and Native American artifacts.
The Museum also has numerous rare items in its collection, including two specimens of the likely-to-be extinct Imperial Woodpecker (Campephilus imperialis). Only 120 museum specimens of the bird are known to exist in the world. Since there are no known photographs or recordings of a living Imperial Woodpecker these specimens are the only records ornithologists have to study and understand the species.
In 2008 Kingman Museum added a Digistar 3 fulldome projector system to its planetarium. It is one of only 61 installations worldwide and the only one in southwest Michigan.
Kingman is a member museum of the Association of Science-Technology Centers (ASTC) and participates in the membership passport program.

</doc>
<doc id="21496232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496232" title="Deke White">
Deke White

George Frederick "Deke" White (September 8, 1872 – November 5, 1957) was an American professional baseball pitcher with the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. In 3 career games, he had a 1–0 record with a 9.87 ERA. He batted right and left and threw left-handed.
White was born in Albany, New York and died in Ilion, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21496233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496233" title="Yaya Cissokho">
Yaya Cissokho

Yaya Cissokho (born 24 January 1955) is a former Senegalese basketball player. Cissokho competed for Senegal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he scored 5 points in 6 games.

</doc>
<doc id="21496243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496243" title="VeggieTales">
VeggieTales

VeggieTales is an American series of children's computer animated films featuring anthropomorphic vegetables in stories conveying moral themes from an evangelical Christian perspective. The episodes frequently retell Bible stories anachronistically reframed and include humorous references to pop culture. The series was developed by Big Idea Entertainment and is owned by DreamWorks Animation through its subsidiary, Classic Media.
"VeggieTales" was created by Phil Vischer and Mike Nawrocki, who also provide many of the voices. Originally released in direct-to-video format, the series debuted on December 21, 1993. From September 9, 2006 to September 7, 2009, "VeggieTales" appeared on NBC as part of the qubo Saturday morning children's programming block. On November 3, 2012 the show began running on the Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN) as well as its children's network Smile of a Child, where it currently continues to air episodes (in a repackaged and edited format).
In 2009, Netflix made many "VeggieTales" videos (in their uncut, original formats) and feature films available via their video streaming service. On March 14, 2014, Netflix announced a new "VeggieTales" television show from DreamWorks Animation Television entitled "VeggieTales In The House". Big Idea has also published "VeggieTales" books and music CDs and branded items such as toys, clothing, and garden seeds for vegetables and flowers.
History.
"VeggieTales" was created by Phil Vischer and Mike Nawrocki through their company Big Idea Productions. Their aim was to produce children's videos which conveyed Christian moral themes and taught Biblical values and lessons. The animated feature involved stories told by a group of recurring vegetable characters who lived on a kitchen countertop. The program was offered in the direct-to-video market, with the first 30-minute program, "Where's God When I'm S-Scared?," released in July 1993. In all, Big Idea has released 45 "VeggieTales" episodes including three Silly Song collections, 5 holiday specials, 4 LarryBoy episodes and a drawing tutorial. In addition to these episodes, there are 13 compilations that combine previously released material, and two feature length movies, "" and "." Beginning in 2006, the "VeggieTales" videos were adapted as a regular television program through the Qubo multi-platform network and NBC network. On September 30, 2008, Big Idea said that Mike Nawrocki would create an "original new VeggieTales TV series," though no further news has been revealed.
The idea for "VeggieTales" came in the early 90's when Phil Vischer was testing out animation software as a medium for children's videos. Due to the limitations of the software available to him at the time, he chose to avoid the technical production hurdle of creating characters with arms, legs, or hair. His first animation model was an anthropomorphic candy bar. When his wife suggested that parents might prefer a hero who promoted healthier eating habits, he began basing characters on fruits and vegetables.
Format.
The episodes generally follow a standard format where a moral issue is posited in the opening countertop sequence, either through a viewer question or an issue brought up by Bob or Larry, followed by one or more "films" that address the issue, with a "Silly Song" in the middle. The "Silly Songs" are generally introduced with a title card and a voiceover saying, "And now it's time for Silly Songs with Larry, the part of the show where Larry comes out and sings a silly song." Some "Silly Songs" have alternate titles, such as "Love Songs with Mr. Lunt," where another character sings the song instead. The "Silly Song", if one appears, is usually in the middle of the program, often at a cliffhanger moment or in between two stories. (The LarryBoy episodes, in particular, often lack this segment.) Each tale ends with the program's signature sign-off: "Remember kids, God made you special and He loves you very much."
VeggieTales on TV.
The NBC "VeggieTales" television show altered the general format by opening in the living room of Bob the Tomato's house. Bob, Larry the Cucumber, and other Veggie characters then sing the show's theme song as they hop to Bob's front door. The theme song ends with a character making a random comment, such as Pa Grape commenting on Archibald's new sweater. Bob and Larry then wait for the mailman, Jimmy Gourd, to deliver a letter. When Jimmy comes, he happily sings his Mail Song, which Bob and Larry both find tedious. Similar to the opening counter-top sequence of the "VeggieTales" videos, Bob and Larry read the letter and the cast tries to decide how to solve the viewer's problem through one of three regular segments: Archibald reads a story from his Big Book of Oddities, Pa Grape shows an old film, or Mr. Lunt appears with his stick puppet, Paco the Storytelling Mule, and tells a story. The result always proves disastrous, as the story or film makes no sense. Bob and Larry then intervene with a story from a VeggieTales video. The show ends with Bob and Larry wrapping things up by reiterating the story's lesson and thanking the kids for coming to his house. NBC episodes end with characters bidding the audience a simple "Good-bye".
Characters.
"VeggieTales" has a continuous back story that all of the cartoons are actually teleplays, performed by various vegetables and fruit that live together on the same kitchen countertop. Some of these characters have "real names," and take on various roles in the teleplays, although they will also frequently appear as themselves. Most of these "regulars" were established in the very earliest videos, while some have been added more recently.
Episodes.
Re-issues and re-releases.
Big Idea has released a few "special edition" DVDs which consist of remastered videos and additional features not on the original DVD."
Compilation videos.
Originally, Big Idea, Classic Media, and DreamWorks Animation have all bundled the various VeggieTales episodes into video collections ranging in size from double features all the way up to a boxed collection of the first 30 VeggieTales videos. In addition, the three companies have also released compilation videos including only collections of the Silly Songs from the various videos. These song collections have included the songs in "Sing Along" format as well as countdowns of the most popular Silly Songs as voted on by fans.
Reception.
The video series and stage productions have enjoyed more financial success than the films. Critical reception to both has been mixed.
The revenue for Big Idea grew between 1996 and 1999 from $1.3 million to over $44 million as the moral tales and off-beat humor proved popular with parents. The media group Common Sense Media commented on the TV series that VeggieTales "will probably be most amusing for younger kids, or, perhaps more accurately, less sophisticated viewers. It's not the lessons themselves that older kids might object to--more the fact that you can see them coming a mile away, and even the best songs can't make getting there any more exciting." 
Reception to the films was lukewarm both among critics and at the box office. The films have "Jonah - A VeggieTales Movie" currently holds a 65% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 55 reviews from critics, with an average score of 5.8 out of 10. "The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything "received generally negative reviews and performed poorly at the box office. It holds a 39% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
NBC controversy.
When NBC, a national broadcasting company based in New York, began airing "VeggieTales" episodes in September 2006, it edited the episodes to remove overtly religious messages, including references to God. The original sign-off message--"Remember kids, God made you special and He loves you very much!"--became a simple, inclusive "Good-bye!" The changes were made at the request of the network's standards and practices department to enforce compliance with network policies regarding religious neutrality. The original dialogue remained viewable by users of the network's closed-caption feature. 
The conservative watch group Parents Television Council complained to NBC about the changes. L. Brent Bozell, president of the group, complained of the network "ripping the heart and soul out of a successful product," adding that "if NBC is so concerned about that four-letter-word God, then they shouldn't have taken 'VeggieTales.' This just documents the disconnect between Hollywood and the real world."
NBC replied that the editing conformed to the network's broadcast standards, which direct producers "not to advocate any one religious point of view." NBC spokeswoman Rebecca Marks said "Our goal is to reach as broad an audience as possible with these positive messages while being careful not to advocate any one religious point of view."
Vischer said he was not informed that overtly religious content would be removed and said he would have declined to sign the contract had he known. "I would have declined partly because I knew a lot of fans would feel like it was a sellout or it was done for money," he said. Vischer added that he still understood NBC's wish to remain religiously neutral. "VeggieTales is religious, NBC is not. I want to focus people more on 'Isn't it cool that Bob and Larry are on television.'"
Stage production.
"VeggieTales Live" is a series of stage shows based on the VeggieTales videos. Six versions of the shows have been staged. The shows have toured across the U.S. and at theme parks including Dollywood and Silver Dollar City.
Video games.
VideoNow Jr..
A number of VeggieTales titles were released on Personal Video Disc (PVD) for Playskool's VideoNow Jr., a portable video player for children.
Merchandise.
On February 10, 2011, Big Idea Entertainment announced several new product promotions, including partnerships with Chick-fil-A (kids meal promotions), American Puzzle Company (wooden puzzles and trains), CTI Industries (mylar and latex balloons), Tabbies (index tabs, stickers, temporary tattoos and wall clings), Victory Designs (children's guitars), and Zoobies (plush pillows and blankets).

</doc>
<doc id="21496244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496244" title="International Network of Street Papers">
International Network of Street Papers

The International Network of Street Papers (INSP) is an organization that supports and develops street paper projects all over the world. It spans 120 papers from 40 countries, with a combined readership of 6 million per edition. INSP was founded in July 1994 and the network was initially managed by "The Big Issue". INSP's headquarters are in Glasgow, Scotland. The network organizes a yearly conference. It also supports new street papers in the developing world and runs the Street News Service (SNS). In 2008 it began giving annual awards for top street newspaper journalism in several categories. INSP cofounder Mel Young also organizes the annual Homeless World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21496248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496248" title="Jonas Hesselman">
Jonas Hesselman

Jonas Hesselman (18771957), was a Swedish engineer. He built the first spark ignition engine with direct injection of fuel into the cylinder.
Hesselman worked from 1899 to 1916 for AB Diesel Engines (later Atlas Diesel, now Atlas Copco) in Sickla in Nacka just outside Stockholm, from 1901 as Head of Construction. Here he also developed Rudolf Diesel's engine further and won international recognition as an authority on diesel engines. In 1916 he opened his own factory and in 1925 presented the Hesselman engine, a hybrid between an Otto engine and diesel engine. 
Jonas Hesselman also designed electrical vehicle components, among others, the motor that became the basis for Hesselman Elhydraulik, now Haldex Hydraulics. In 1970, Hesselman Elhydraulik developed the hydraulic power unit that still serves as the prototype for the existing lifts for trucks. 
He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="21496249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496249" title="Well Respected Kinks">
Well Respected Kinks

Well Respected Kinks is the first UK budget-priced compilation album by the British rock group The Kinks, released in 1966. The album consists of some of the most popular singles and B-sides released by the Kinks from 1964 and 1965. It also includes tracks from the 1965 "Kwyet Kinks" EP.
The album spent 35 weeks on the UK chart – the longest of any Kinks album – peaking at #5. The studio album "Face to Face", released almost two months later, only managed 11 weeks on the chart, peaking at #12.
The album was issued on CD in 2001 as part of the Marble Arch Years boxed set.

</doc>
<doc id="21496295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496295" title="Neo-American Church">
Neo-American Church

The Neo-American Church is a defunct religion founded in 1966 by Arthur Kleps, partly as satire and partly as an unsuccessful ploy to gain a religious exemption from American drug laws. 
The primal text of the religion was "The Boo Hoo Bible, The Neo-American Church Catechism and Handbook" (ISBN 978-0960038817), written by Kleps, which included, among other things, the declaration that the ultimate goal of mankind is (or should be) the bombardment and destruction of the planet Saturn.
Church clergy, known as Boo Hoos, claimed LSD as a sacrament. One of the church's ministers, Judith H. Kuch, was arrested and put on federal trial on narcotics charges in 1968. Kuch claimed that her use of LSD was a religious requirement, analogous to the use of peyote by the Native American Church which had been given government protection. The judge ruled that the church rituals did not merit protection under the First Amendment as he could find no evidence of "a religious discipline, a ritual, or tenets to guide one's daily existence" and indeed that "...the Church membership is mocking established institutions playing with words... There is a conscious effort to assert in passing the attributes of religion but obviously only for tactical purposes."

</doc>
<doc id="21496298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496298" title="Typhoon Seniang">
Typhoon Seniang

The name Seniang has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21496320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496320" title="12&quot;/45 caliber Mark 5 gun">
12&quot;/45 caliber Mark 5 gun

The 12"/45 caliber Mark 5 gun was a US naval gun that first entered service in 1906. Initially designed for use with the of pre-dreadnought battleships, the Mark 5 continued in service aboard the first generation of American dreadnoughts.
Design and development.
The 12"/45 caliber Mark 5 naval gun was designed as an incremental improvement upon the preceding American naval gun, the 12"/40 caliber Mark 4. As such, it was a very similar weapon, having been lengthened by 5 calibers to allow for improved muzzle velocity, range, and penetrating power. Designed to the specifications of the Bureau of Ordnance, the Mark 5 was constructed at the U.S. Naval Gun Factory in Washington, D.C.
Measurements and Capabilities.
The Mark 5 weighed 53 tons and was capable of firing 2 to 3 times a minute. At maximum elevation of 15° it could fire an 870 pound shell approximately 20,000 yards. However, this range was largely academic at the time the gun was initially designed, as no rangefinding techniques had yet been developed capable of accurately firing beyond about 10,000 yards. With an initial muzzle velocity of 2,700 f/s, the gun had a barrel life of 175 rounds, and was capable of firing either Armor Piercing or Common projectiles.
As designed, the Mark 5 was capable of penetrating 16.6 inches of Harvey plated side armor at 6,000 yards, 12.2 inches at 9,000 yards, and 9.9 inches at 12,000 yards. By comparison the 12"/40 caliber Mark 4 it replaced could penetrate 14.6 inches, 11.6 inches, and 9.4 inches at those distances, respectively.
Naval Service.
The Mark 5 entered service in 1906 and remained the primary battleship gun for all American battleships commissioned before 1912, at which point it was replaced by the 12"/50 caliber Mark 7. All told, the Mark 5 would arm 14 battleships of five different classes, making it the most-utilized main gun in American battleship history. Despite this distinction, the only Mark 5 guns ever to be fired in anger were actually in Greek, and not American, service. The ex-"Mississippi" class battleships "Kilkis" and "Lemnos", sold to the Royal Hellenic Navy in 1914, fought in both the Allied Intervention in the Russian Civil War, and the Greco-Turkish War. Though during World War I the Mark 5 would cross the Atlantic for duty aboard two of the American battleships serving in the 6th Battle Squadron of the Grand Fleet, it was never fired in any engagement, as no battles were fought with the German High Seas Fleet in 1918.
The five classes armed with the Mark 5 were:
In American service, the Mark 5 remained afloat (albeit in dwindling numbers) until 1930, when the last guns were removed from the "Floridas" in compliance with the terms of the London Naval Treaty.
Coastal Artillery.
Following the signing of the Washington Naval Treaty in 1922, many of the Mark 5 guns in service were removed from sea duty and transferred to the U.S. Army for use as coastal artillery. In this capacity, the maximum range of the Mark 5 increased to 30,000 yards, due to the greater elevation that was possible. These guns protected the Panama Canal Zone through World War II, after which some were permanently retired and some were sold to Brazil, where they might still be in use. In Greek service, the guns removed from the "Lemnos" were emplaced on the island of Aegina, where they helped to defend the approaches to the port of Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="21496345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496345" title="Cochrane Times-Post">
Cochrane Times-Post

The Cochrane Times-Post is a weekly newspaper published on Friday. The newspaper serves Cochrane, Ontario and the surrounding area, and has a weekly circulation of approximately 2,600 copies.
History.
The "Times" purchased the archives of the oldest newspaper in Cochrane in 1994, hence the name "Times-Post". The previous paper was in the community since 1910. The paper is a tabloid newspaper, and focuses on community events, people, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21496361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496361" title="United States Ambassador to Kosovo">
United States Ambassador to Kosovo

This is a list of United States Ambassadors to Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="21496371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496371" title="Understanding Animal Research">
Understanding Animal Research

Understanding Animal Research (UAR) is a British advocacy group formed in late 2008 through the merger of the Research Defence Society and the Coalition for Medical Progress. Its main aims are to "broaden understanding and acceptance of the humane use of animals in biomedical research in the UK, to advance science and medicine". 
History.
The Research Defence Society (RDS) was founded in 1908 "to make known the facts as to experiments on animals in this country; the immense importance to the welfare of mankind of such experiments and the great saving of human life and health directly attributable to them." Within a year, the society had over 2000 members with branches across the country organising lectures and debates. Over the next century the RDS campaigned against animal rights extremism including lobbying for a strengthened version of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Bill in 1994 and setting up a Legal Defence Fund in 1989 to pay the legal costs of scientists who were seeking libel actions.
The Coalition for Medical Progress was launched in 2003 as part of a wider alliance to communicate the benefits of animal research to the wider public. In 1999, 65% of people agreed with the statement "I have a lack of trust in the regulatory system about animal research". By 2007, this has fallen to 35%.
When the organisations merged Dr Simon Festing, executive director of the Research Defence Society, became its first chief executive. In November 2012 Wendy Jarrett, who formerly worked at NICE, took over as Chief Executive at UAR.
Activities.
UAR is a membership organization with over 110 organizational members as well as individual supporters. It is funded by its members who come from various sectors including academic, pharmaceutical, charities, research funders, professional and learned societies, and trades unions - all of whom support the use of animals in medical research. UAR consider that animal research is vital to the future of medical research; former Chief Executive Simon Festing said "there are still many things we just can't do without using animals. We can't study movement or brain function in a test tube. We can't get computers to do things that are quite simple, such as catch a cough. It is about working towards treatments and cures for very devastating diseases, from hepatitis to Parkinson's."
UAR were involved in the development and surrounding discussions of EU Directive 63/2010, which harmonised animal welfare standards in labs throughout the EU. UAR have applauded the quality of welfare for animals used in research in the UK, saying that it is held to the highest standards in the world. They also run a speaker programme, providing researchers to speak at schools across Britain, as part of their resources for teachers.
The website provides extensive information, including statistics and videos, and news on animal research in the UK and beyond. In addition to the Understanding Animal Research Website the organisation has created AnimalResearch.Info a website that provides peer-reviewed, fully referenced information on animal research.
In 2012, Understanding Animal Research, responding to a small dip in public support for animal research, announced the Declaration of Openness with 41 organisations, including charities, pharmaceuticals and universities, promising to take part "in an ongoing conversation about why and how animals are used in research and the benefits of this". Understanding Animal Research has also been active online, launching the Science Action Network to "challenge mis-information about animal research" using social media.
See also.
The Three Rs (animals)

</doc>
<doc id="21496396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496396" title="Lycée privé Sainte-Geneviève">
Lycée privé Sainte-Geneviève

The Lycée Sainte-Geneviève is a private "lycée", located in Versailles and providing preparatory classes for "grandes écoles". It was founded in Paris, April 1854. It is often nicknamed "Ginette" and sometimes "BJ", standing for "Boite à Jèzes" - Box of Jesuits
Academics.
Sainte-Geneviève is famous for having the highest success rates at the entrance exams of the most selective French Grandes Écoles in the fields of engineering: École Polytechnique, Mines ParisTech, École Centrale Paris and business: École des Hautes Études Commerciales
Ginette provides PC/PC*, MP/MP*, PT/PT*, PSI*, ECS and BCPST classes

</doc>
<doc id="21496405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496405" title="Democratic Black Caucus of Florida">
Democratic Black Caucus of Florida

The Democratic Black Caucus of Florida is an organization representing the African American members of the Democratic Party. It was established in 1983 to unite and increase the political power for Black Democrats. The Caucus is an integral part of the Florida Democratic Party’s infrastructure and supports qualified candidates. It aims to improve voter participation through voter registration drives (EVRD), get out the vote (GOTV), voter action network (VAN), and vote by mail (VBM). The organization's president is H. Bruce Miles.
History.
Black delegates at the 1981 Florida State Democratic Party Convention in Hollywood, Florida, felt the need for increasing the power and influence of Black Democrats within the party. A decision was made at the Convention to unite Black Democrats throughout the State, resulting in the organization of the Democratic Black Caucus of Florida. The caucus was recognized on September 24, 1983, by the Florida Democratic Party as an official affiliate organization.
The Democratic Black Caucus of Florida is inclusive; all registered Democrats who subscribe to the Caucus’ objectives are invited to join.

</doc>
<doc id="21496446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496446" title="Mac the Moose">
Mac the Moose

Mac the Moose is a fibreglass moose in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan. It is claimed to be the world's largest moose at feet tall and a weight of approximately .
History.
The giant moose is important to the city of Moose Jaw because it was one of its first tourist attractions. Moose Jaw now has many tourist attractions such as the tunnel tours, mineral spa and casino. The project to create Mac was completed in May 1984. Mac was recently moved and is now located just off of the Trans-Canada highway next to the Moose Jaw visitors' center. Although Mac has been vandalized many times (once being painted blue and another physical damage was done), he still stands, now surrounded by a fence, and represents Moose Jaw.

</doc>
<doc id="21496457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496457" title="Caroline Faye Diop">
Caroline Faye Diop

Caroline Faye Diop (born 11 July 1923 at Foundiougne, died 28 July 1992 at Dakar) was a Senegalese politician. She was elected the first female deputy to the National Assembly of Senegal in 1963 and was later a cabinet minister under President Abdou Diouf. She was married to Demba Diop, the Minister of Youth and Sport under president Léopold Sédar Senghor. Her father (Diène Faye) was a Serer of Joal.

</doc>
<doc id="21496458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496458" title="Prospect Heights High School">
Prospect Heights High School

Prospect Heights High School, formerly The Girls' Commercial High School, is a defunct comprehensive high school that served the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York from the 1920s to 2006. Prospect Heights Campus is the collection of educational buildings that housed Prospect Heights High School until its closure in 2006.
History.
The Girls' Commercial High School, later to become Prospect Heights High School, was built in the 1920s. The school's exterior was designed to harmonize with the environment, while the interior was made to accommodate 3,500 students in fifty regular classrooms and other specialized laboratories and working rooms. At some point, it was renamed Prospect Heights High School and later the all-girls high school became coeducational. After many years of decline and falling academic levels, the school graduated its last class in June 2006 and was closed. The Prospect Heights building now houses four small high schools: the Brooklyn School for Music and Theater, Brooklyn Academy for Science and the Environment, International High School at Prospect Heights, and the High School for Global Citizenship.
The main reasons for Prospect Heights High school's closure were overcrowding and consistently low performance grades received from the New York City Department of Education. The building was broken down into four smaller high schools, each with a specific focus and a cap on students.
Violence was also an issue within Prospect Heights High School. Its neighborhood saw a rise in gang activities in the 1980s, which seeped into the school and caused problems. Prospect Heights High School was ranked the twelfth most violent high school among New York City's 125 high schools in 1990 by the Board of Education, and became an example used by advocates for more metal detectors in New York City schools.
Recently police involvement in the neighborhood has reduced the violence.
Current schools on campus.
Brooklyn Academy of Science and the Environment.
BASE is a three-campus New York City Public High School that integrates the missions and resources of Prospect Park and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden to offer academic excellence and rigor. The community of staff, families and community partners supports students in becoming critical thinkers, active learners and problem solvers who are scientifically literate, engaged citizens who value and respect the environment.
Brooklyn School for Music and Theatre.
The academic program at this school focuses on the integration of the performing arts and core knowledge in science, math, language arts and social studies. Students engage in experiential learning opportunities through theatre projects in acting, music, stage and costume design, theatre technology, and theatre management. Students benefit from summer internships and instruction from professional artists as well as a rigorous academic curriculum including college preparation and interdisciplinary project-based learning.
High School for Global Citizenship.
Founded by Global Kids and Principal Brad Haggerty in September 2004, the High School for Global Citizenship (HSGC) is an innovative small high school in Brooklyn that aims to create a community of active learners who are engaged participants in the democratic process and are learning about foreign policy issues and the connections between their personal lives and international events.
International High School at Prospect Heights.
The International High School at Prospect Heights addresses needs of recent immigrant students by teaching them fluency in reading, writing, speaking, and understanding English through a rigorous curriculum that is language rich, interdisciplinary, and project based. Students learn to think critically, navigate societal constructs, and prepare for college and other education after high school. Students, staff and families create a caring school environment that promotes collaboration, cross-cultural interaction, and appreciation of diversity. Above all, International High School students become successful contributing members of society and conscientious global citizens of the future.
Safety & security issues.
Every morning students have to enter the building from the backdoor of the cafeteria, where they pass through scanning, remove their belts, and swipe their ID cards to indicate each school's attendance. Electronics devices such as cell phones, iPods, mp3s, psp, and other devices are not allowed in the building. Students must come early to get scanning, because there are four schools in Prospect Heights Campus.
The Safe Schools Against Violence in Education Act (SAVE) was passed by the New York State Legislature and signed by Governor George Pataki on July 24, 2000, in response to issues of school safety and violence prevention.
Prospect Heights High School was ranked twelfth most violent among New York City's 125 high schools in 1990 by the Board of Education, rating not only all the security hardware, but also a special full-time security coordinator, a retired police detective.

</doc>
<doc id="21496460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496460" title="In the Late Bright">
In the Late Bright

In the Late Bright is the eighth full-length album by Tommy Keene. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Tommy Keene.
Production.
Recorded by Tommy Keene, R. Walt Vincent and Jonathan Pines
Tracks 1,2,8,9,10 mixed by Jonathan Pines at Private Studios, Urbana, IL
Tracks 3,4,5,6,11 mixed by R. Walt Vincent at Mesmer, Culver City, CA
Track 7 mixed by Tommy at home
Executive Producer - Keven Lane Keller
Tracks 3 and 6 co-produced by R. Walt Vincent
Mastered by Louie Teran at Marcussen Mastering, Hollywood, CA
Art By Jim Horan
Cover photos by Chris Rady, inside live photo by Burcu Uzer, all others by Tommy Keene

</doc>
<doc id="21496461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496461" title="History of games">
History of games

The history of games dates to the ancient past. Games are an integral part of all societies. Like work and relationships, they are an expression of some basic part of the human nature. Games are formalized expressions of play which allow people to go beyond immediate imagination and direct physical activity. Games capture the ideas and behaviors of people at one period of time and carry that through time to their descendants. Games like liubo, xiangqi, and go illustrate the thinking of the military leaders who employed them centuries ago. When archaeologists excavate an ancient society they find artifacts related to living, working, family and social activities, games often become an archival record of how individuals and groups played in earlier times.
Dice games.
Dice appears to be among the earliest pieces of specialized gaming equipment used by humans, having been used throughout Asia since before recorded history, the oldest known examples being a 3000-year-old set unearthed at an archaeological site in southeastern Iran. Notable dice games have included Hazard, a game popular in Europe from the 14th through the 18th centuries, Chuck-a-luck, a related game also known as "birdcage", Craps, which replaced Hazard in popularity during the 19th century, and Sic bo, a Far Eastern Chuck-a-luck variant which evolved into a popular casino game in the 20th century.
Tile games.
What appears to have been the earliest references to gaming tiles are mentions of "kwat pai", or "bone tiles", used in gambling, in Chinese writings no later than 900 CE. The earliest definite references to Chinese dominoes are found in the literature of the Song Dynasty (960-1279), while Western-style dominoes are a more recent variation, with the earliest examples being of early-18th century Italian design. The tile game Mahjong, also of Chinese origin, first appears in the written record in the mid-19th century, and was first mentioned in a publication written in a language other than Chinese in 1895.
Board games.
Extinct board games.
Among the earliest board games discovered by archaeologists and historians are a number of games the exact rules of which have been forgotten, with rules sometimes being completely unknown today and sometimes being only partially understood, although in many cases proposed or theorized rule-sets for these games have been offered by historians and board game manufacturers. Among the earliest examples of board games whose rules have been lost is "senet", a game found in Predynastic and First Dynasty burial sites in Egypt (circa 3500 BCE and 3100 BCE, respectively) and in hieroglyphs dating to around 3100 BCE.
The extinct Chinese board game "liubo" was immensely popular during the Han Dynasty (202 BCE-220 CE). Early Chinese records indicate that "liubo" was already a popular game by the Warring States period (476 BCE – 221 BCE). Although the game's rules have been lost, gameplay was apparently not unlike Senet in that playing pieces were moved about a board using sticks thrown to determine movements.
The Tafl games were a family of ancient Germanic and Celtic board games played across much of Northern Europe from earlier than 400 CE until the 12th century, although the rules of the games were never explicitly recorded and are only partially understood today.
Ancient board games.
The Royal Game of Ur, or "Game of Twenty Squares", dated from the First Dynasty of Ur, before 2600 BCE, has been documented as still being played in Iraq.
Go, also known as "Weiqi", "Igo", or "Baduk" (in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, respectively), has been evident in the archaeological record as far back as 200 BCE – 200 CE, with the earliest definite literary references dating to the 4th century BCE, and possible references occurring earlier. Go is played by an estimated 27 million people throughout the world today, professionally in many countries.
Backgammon, which came into its current form in the 6th or 7th century CE, is closely related to similar games dating back even further, excavations at Shahr-e Sokhteh in Iran having shown examples of such games dated as early as 3000 BCE.
The earliest evidence of Mancala consists of fragments of pottery boards and several rock cuts found in Aksumite in Ethiopia, Matara (now in Eritrea), and Yeha (also in Ethiopia), which have been dated by archaeologists to between the 6th and 7th century CE. The game is today played worldwide, with many distinct variants representing different regions of the Third World.
Nine Men's Morris and its variants, which likely emerged from the Roman Empire, peaked in popularity in medieval England. Along with other significant games of the period, it is both described and depicted in the "Libro de los juegos", completed in 1283.
Chaturanga, xiangqi, shogi, chess.
Chaturanga, a board game which developed in India during the 6th century CE, was the apparent common ancestor of xiangqi (Chinese; the earliest xiangqi pieces yet discovered dating from the Song dynasty, 960 – 1279 and the earliest definite written source being the "Xuanguai lu", authored by the Tang Dynasty minister Niu Sengru (779–847)), shogi (Japanese; the earliest generally accepted mention being circa 1060), and chess (occasionally called "Western" or "International Chess" to distinguish it from Far Eastern varieties, which came into its current form in Europe during the 15th century), as well as makruk (Thai), sittuyin (Burmese), and janggi (Korean).
16th through 18th centuries.
Snakes and Ladders is believed to have originated in India as "Moksha Patam", emphasising the role of fate or karma; the game dates at least to the 16th century as part of a family of dice board games, including Pachisi (a descendant of the earlier game Ludo).
The first board game for which the name of its designer is known is A Journey Through Europe, a map-based game published in 1759 by John Jefferys.
19th century.
Designed in England by George Fox in 1800, The Mansion of Happiness became the prototype for commercial board games for at least two centuries to follow. While demonstrating the commercial viability of the ancient race game format, its moralistic overtones were countered by Milton Bradley in 1860 with the introduction of a radically different concept of success in The Checkered Game of Life, in which material successes came as a result of material accomplishments, such as attending college. Likewise the Game of the District Messenger Boy (1886), which also focused on daily rather than eternal life.
20th century.
The French board game "L'Attaque" was first commercially released in 1910, having been designed two years prior as a military-themed imperfect knowledge game based upon the earlier Chinese children's board game Dou Shou Qi. "L'Attaque" was subsequently adapted by the Chinese into Luzhanqi (or "Lu Zhan Jun Qi"), and by Milton Bradley into Stratego, the latter having been trademarked in 1960 while the former remains in the public domain.
Self-published in 1933-34, and first professionally published by Parker Brothers in 1935, the origins of the board game Monopoly run as far back as 1903. Initially designed in 1938, Scrabble received its first mass-market exposure in 1952, two years prior to the release of Diplomacy, in 1954. Originally released in 1957 as "La Conquête du Monde" ("The Conquest of the World") in France, Risk was first published under its English title in 1959.
A concentrated design movement towards the German-style board game, or "Eurogame", began in the late 1970s and early 1980s in Germany, and led to the development of board games such as Carcassone, The Settlers of Catan, and Puerto Rico.
Dart games.
American darts.
American Darts is a regional USA variant of the game (most U.S. dart players play the traditional games described above). This style of dart board is most often found in eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and parts of New York state.
Audio darts.
A variant of traditional darts played using a blindfold. Often played by people with visual disabilities and their friends. Typically a talking electronic dartboard is used to speak the numbers hit, keep score and announce who is throwing next.
Dartball.
Dartball is a darts game based on the sport of baseball. It is played on a diamond shaped board and has similar scoring to baseball.
Dart Golf.
Dart golf is a darts game based on the sport of golf and is regulated by the World Dolf Federation (WDFF). It is played on both special golf dartboards and traditional dartboards. Scoring is similar to golf.
Fives.
This is a regional variant still played in some parts of the East End of London. The board has fewer, larger segments, all numbered either 5, 10, 15 or 20. Players play down from 505 rather than 501, and stand the farthest () away from the board of any mainstream variation.
Halve it.
Halve it is a darts game popular in the United Kingdom and parts of North America where competitors try to hit previously agreed targets on a standard dart board. 
Failure to do so within a single throw (3 darts) results in the player losing half their accumulated score. Any number of players can take part and the game can vary in length depending on the number of targets selected. 
The game can be tailored to the skill level of the players by selecting easy or difficult targets.
Killer.
Killer is a 'knock-out' game for two or more players (at its best at 4-6 players). Initially each player throws a dart at the board with their non-dominant hand to obtain their 'number'. No two players can have the same number. Once everyone has a number, each player takes it in turn to get their number five times with their three darts (doubles count twice, and triples three times). Once a person has reached 5, they become a 'killer'. This means they can aim for other peoples numbers, taking a point off for each time they hit (doubles x2, triples x3). If a person gets to zero they are out. A killer can aim for anyone's numbers, even another killer's. You cannot get more than 5 points. The winner is 'the last man standing'.
Lawn Darts.
Lawn darts (also called Jarts or yard darts) is a lawn game based on darts. The game play and objective are similar to both horseshoes and darts. The darts are similar to the ancient Roman plumbata.
Shanghai.
Shanghai is a darts game of accuracy. Hitting doubles and triples is paramount to victory. This game is played with at least two players. The standard version is played in 7 rounds. In round one players throw their darts aiming for the 1 section, round 2, the 2 section and so on until round 7. Standard scoring is used, and doubles and triples are counted. Only hits on the wedge for that round are counted. The winner is the person who has the most points at the end of seven rounds (1-7); or you can score a Shanghai and win instantly. To score a Shanghai you have to hit a triple, a double and single (in any order) of the number that is in play.
Shanghai can also be played for 20 rounds to use all numbers.
A Fairer Start for Shanghai: To prevent players from becoming too practiced at shooting for the 1, the number sequence can begin at the number of the dart that lost the throw for the bullseye to determine the starting thrower. For example; Thrower A shoots for the bullseye and hits the 17. Thrower B shoots for the bullseye and hits it. Thrower B then begins the game, starting on the number 17, then 18, 19, 20, 1, 2, 3, etc. through 16 (if no player hits Shanghai).
Card games.
Playing cards first appeared in Ancient China, where they were found as early as the 9th century during the Tang Dynasty (618–907). The earliest reference to card games in literature appears during the same period, in the "Collection of Miscellanea at Duyang". Playing cards first appeared in Europe during the 14th century, most likely by way of Mamluk Egypt, with suits very similar to the tarot suits of Swords, Staves, Cups and Coins, as continue to be used in traditional Italian, Spanish and Portuguese decks today. The four suits most commonly encountered today (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) appear to have originated in France circa 1480.
The game of Cribbage appears to have developed in the early 17th century, as an adaptation of the earlier card game Noddy. Pinochle was likely derived from the earlier Bezique, a game popular in France during the 17th century. The game of Whist was widely played during the 18th and 19th centuries, having evolved from the 16th century game of "Trump" (or "Ruff") by way of Ruff and Honours. The earliest references in print to the Poker family of games occur in the first half of the 19th century. While possibly dating back as far as the reign of Charles VIII of France (1483–1498), Baccarat first came to the attention of the public at large and grew to be widely played as a direct result of the Royal Baccarat Scandal of 1891, and bears resemblances to the card games Faro and Basset, both of which were very popular during the 19th century. The rules of Contract bridge were originally published in 1925, the game having been derived from Bridge games with rules published as early as 1886, Bridge games, in turn, having evolved from the earlier game of Whist.
Collectible card games such as , while bearing similarities to earlier games in concept, first achieved wide popularity in the 1990s.
Table games.
With the possible exception of Carrom (a game whose origins are uncertain), the earliest table games appear to have been the Cue sports, which include Carom billiards, Pool, or "Pocket billiards", and Snooker. The cue sports are generally regarded as having developed into indoor games from outdoor stick-and-ball lawn games (retroactively termed ground billiards), and as such to be related to trucco, croquet and golf, and more distantly to the stickless bocce and balls.
Roulette has been played in its present form since the late 18th century, and is generally understood to have been adapted from English wheel games such as Roly-Poly and E.O., with influences from the Italian board games Hoca and Biribi.
Fan-Tan was widely played throughout the 19th century, peaking in popularity during the last few decades prior to 1900, although it can still be found in many Macau casinos today.
Electronic games.
The earliest reference to a purely electronic game appears to be a United States patent registration in 1947 for what was described by its inventors as a "cathode ray tube amusement device". Through the 1950s and 1960s the majority of early computer games ran on university mainframe computers in the United States. Beginning in 1971, video arcade games began to be offered to the public for play. The first home video game console, the Magnavox Odyssey, was released in 1972.
The golden age of arcade video games began in 1978 and continued through to the mid-1980s. A second generation of video game consoles, released between 1977 and 1983, saw increased popularity as a result of this, though this eventually came to an abrupt end with the North American video game crash of 1983. The home video game industry was eventually revitalized with the third generation of game consoles over the next few years, which saw a shift in the dominance of the video game industry from the United States to Japan. This same time period saw the advent of the personal computer game, specialized gaming home computers, early online gaming, and the introduction of LED handheld electronic games and eventually handheld video games.

</doc>
<doc id="21496482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496482" title="Bucking (disambiguation)">
Bucking (disambiguation)

Bucking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21496488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496488" title="1990 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three">
1990 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three

Results from the 1990 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 26, 1990, in the Circuit de Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="21496489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496489" title="Fireman Radio">
Fireman Radio

Fireman Radio was a limited-run channel on Sirius XM Radio, devoted to the music of Paul McCartney. The channel aired from February 14-March 13, 2009 on Sirius channel 33 and XM channel 27, temporarily pre-empting the soft-rock channel The Bridge.
The commercial-free "Fireman Radio" was launched in celebration of McCartney's new album, "Electric Arguments", and featured music from the records of McCartney himself, Wings, and the three albums created by the Fireman, as well as some surprises. It also featured a new, in-depth interview with McCartney and periodic "fireside chats," where the singer would speak his thoughts on cultural matters like politics, current events, music, and other assorted topics. 
Sirius XM also featured exclusive video clips from the McCartney interview on the Fireman Radio website. 

</doc>
<doc id="21496503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496503" title="Kodachi (disambiguation)">
Kodachi (disambiguation)

The word kodachi is associated with:

</doc>
<doc id="21496504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496504" title="Typhoon Neneng">
Typhoon Neneng

The name Neneng has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21496509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496509" title="Apartment Building 63">
Apartment Building 63

Apartment Building 63, also called Commune 63 (Romanian "Comuna 63") is an apartment building located in the Dristor neighbourhood in the south-eastern part of Bucharest (Sectorul 3) and it is the largest single residential building in Romania with a total of 950 apartments, with one room, and holding just over 1,600 residents. The building is nicknamed the "commune" because of the large number of apartments that could house an entire village or commune, and because of the long corridors that stretch from one end of the building to the other and resemble a long country road. The apartment building has four staircases of 10 floors each and is built in the shape of a giant Z with an extension in the southern part of the structure. It is also located near the Dristor metro station, a major node of the Bucharest Metro's railway network.
History.
Apartment Building 63 was finished and opened in 1963 and was first intended to be inhabited by officers of the Romanian Armed Forces and of the Ministry of Administration and Interior. In the same year, the selected officers started to move into the apartments from the first two staircases of the building but because of the intensive demolition projects undergone in the area, the original purpose of the building was changed, and the structure's role was to serve as a new home for the people that had to move from their demolished houses. The building was considered by the Romanian Communist Party to be a symbol of the centralized state and an outstanding feat of engineering designed for the citizen comrade in the vision of the communist perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="21496516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496516" title="William Pye">
William Pye

William Pye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21496518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496518" title="My Paper Heart">
My Paper Heart

My Paper Heart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21496520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496520" title="Todd Hido">
Todd Hido

Todd Hido (born 1968, Kent, Ohio) is an American contemporary artist and photographer. Currently based in San Francisco, much of Hido’s work involves urban and suburban housing across the U.S., of which the artist produces large, highly detailed and luminous color photographs.
"Hido's photographs reveal isolation and anonymity in contemporary suburbia. Eerily lit rooms and suddenly abandoned homes increase the effect of loneliness and loss."
Hido says he is influenced by Alfred Hitchcock, Edward Hopper, Stephen Shore, Robert Adams, Walker Evans, Nan Goldin, Emmet Gowin, Larry Sultan, Alfred Stieglitz, Andreas Gursky and Rineke Dijkstra.

</doc>
<doc id="21496523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496523" title="List of Portuguese film directors">
List of Portuguese film directors

List of Portuguese film directors

</doc>
<doc id="21496544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496544" title="Mathew Davison">
Mathew Davison

Mathew Davison (January 4, 1839 – September 9, 1918) was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
His first business was a clothing business. He was one the area's largest land owner, owning large amounts of farm land. He served as the long time cashier of the Union Trust and Savings Bank.
Political life.
He was elected as the Mayor of the City of Flint in 1885 serving a 1-year term.
Post-political life.
By 1916, Davison was chairman of the board of Union Trust and Savings Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="21496707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496707" title="Benjamin Gilad">
Benjamin Gilad

Benjamin Gilad is a pioneer in the field of competitive Intelligence, he has published multiple books and articles on the subject, is a co-founder of the Fuld-Gilad-Herring Academy of Competitive Intelligence, and serves as a consultant for many Fortune 500 companies.
Education.
Benjamin Gilad obtained his undergraduate degrees in Psychology and Philosophy from Tel Aviv University. After moving to the United States he obtained his Master of Business Administration from Central Missouri State University, and later obtained a PhD from New York University.
Career.
Israel.
While living in Israel Dr. Gilad served in the Israel Defense Forces. and worked as a police intelligence officer in Tel Aviv. He worked on many different cases covering a wide variety of criminal activity.
Rutgers University.
Dr. Gilad is a former Associate Professor of Strategy at Rutgers University's School of Management. During his 17 years as a member of the Rutgers University faculty he was consistently rated as one of the best professors in the undergraduate management program.
Consultation.
He also consults for many Fortune 500 companies including Kellogg, Dupont, Ericcson, and many others.
Fuld-Gilad-Herring Academy of Competitive Intelligence.
Dr. Gilad, with Jan Herring, founded the Academy of Competitive Intelligence in 1996, and in 1999 they joined forces with Leonard Fuld to establish the first accredited professional program in CI. The academy has experienced great success with a wide variety of students from many varying backgrounds.
Publications and Awards.
The Business Intelligence System.
The Business Intelligence System published in 1988, co-authored with Tamar Gilad, was the first publication to introduce a model for a formal competitive intelligence function to the corporate world. This model has been adopted by an overwhelming number of large companies in the western hemisphere.
Business Blind Spots.
Business Blind Spots, first published in 1994 with a second edition appearing in 1998, is about the important role of intelligence in a business, and what happens when managers choose to ignore intelligence and allow blind spots to persist. The book also stresses the importance of the human aspect of intelligent corporations. In the book, Dr. Gilad maintains that hardware and software are not the solutions to the weakness in corporations; instead the solutions are the application of human-led systems and structures. It is also the first book to introduce the blind spots war game methodology. The book was called "inspirational" and has been sold out in weeks.
Early Warning.
Early warning, published in 2003, is about limiting surprise in the business world. The book covers the strategic early warning process model first written about by Dr. Gilad in 2001. It also covers developing a Competitive Early Warning system to avoid such surprises, manage risk effectively, and avoid “industrial dissonance,” which is when market realities outpace corporate strategies. Gilad's Early Warning System has been quoted by Philip Kotler as one of the effective tools management can use in managing chaotic environments.
Business War Games.
Business War Games (2009) is both about the theory of, and a practical manual for, running simple, reality-based war games throughout a company, enabling managers at all levels to formulate better strategies. War games are simulations of competitive dynamics in a business’ given market with the goal of “pressure testing” product, market, or the whole business unit’s strategic plan. The book shows steps, and practical details, on how to decide whether war gaming is necessary, and which decisions to use it for. It also covers: how to prepare, run, and organize an inexpensive game, how to predict competitor moves with accuracy and little information, and why one does not need computers, consultants, or specialized software to conduct such games.
Articles.
Dr. Gilad has written multiple articles related to the field of Competitive Intelligence. These articles appear in multiple CI related publications and on multiple web sites.
Awards.
In 1996 Dr. Gilad was awarded the Society of Competitive Intelligence Professionals Meritorious Award. This award is given to a single individual each year that has made significant and meritorious contributions to the competitive intelligence profession. He was the second of the three Academy of Competitive Intelligence founders to be given the award.

</doc>
<doc id="21496733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496733" title="Typhoon Katring">
Typhoon Katring

The name Katring has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21496735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496735" title="Mezimbite Forest Center">
Mezimbite Forest Center

Mezimbite Forest Center is a conservation project in Mozambique which aims to eliminates poverty in forest communities by providing the highest valued jobs that protect and restore the forests of Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21496766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496766" title="Mike Molloy">
Mike Molloy

Michael "Mike" Molloy (born 22 December 1940) is a British author and former newspaper editor and cartoonist.
Biography.
Born in Hertfordshire, Molloy studied at Ealing Junior School and the Ealing School of Art before working at the "Sunday Pictorial" followed by the "Daily Sketch", where he began drawing cartoons. In 1962, he joined the "Daily Mirror", where he rose through the ranks until in 1975 he became editor.
In 1985, Robert Maxwell appointed Molloy Editor-in-Chief of the "Daily Mirror", "Sunday Mirror" and "The People", where he introduced colour printing. From 1986 to 1988, he additionally edited the "Sunday Mirror".
In 1990, Molloy left the Mirror Group, and in 1996 he bought "Punch" on behalf of Mohammed Al Fayed. He became its deputy editor, but left after six issues. After retiring from the newspaper industry, he began writing children's fantasy novels. In 2003, he was shortlisted for the Stockton Children's Book of the Year, while in 2007, he was shortlisted for the Hampshire Book Award.
Molloy married Sandy Foley in 1964 and they have three daughters, Jane (an interiors stylist), Kate (a journalist) and Alexandra (a writer).

</doc>
<doc id="21496775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496775" title="Michael Molloy">
Michael Molloy

Michael Molloy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21496778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496778" title="Canton Bulldogs–Massillon Tigers betting scandal">
Canton Bulldogs–Massillon Tigers betting scandal

The Canton Bulldogs–Massillon Tigers betting scandal was the first major scandal in professional football in the United States. It refers to a series of allegations made by a Massillon newspaper charging the Canton Bulldogs coach, Blondy Wallace, and Massillon Tigers end, Walter East, of conspiring to fix a two-game series between the two clubs. One account of the scandal called for Canton to win the first game and Massillon was to win the second, forcing a third game—with the biggest gate—to be played legitimately, with the 1906 Ohio League championship at stake. While another accused Wallace and East of bribing Massillon players to throw a game in the series. Canton denied the charges, maintaining that Massillon only wanted to damage the club's reputation. Although Massillon could not prove that Canton had indeed thrown the second game and it remains unknown if there was ever a match-fixing agreement, the scandal tarnished the Bulldogs name and reportedly helped ruin professional football in Ohio until the mid-1910s.
Rivalry.
From 1905 until 1906, the Bulldogs and Tigers were arguably the best two teams in the country. Located just 15 miles apart in Stark County, both teams were constantly fighting to recruit the best players in football. In fact the Bulldogs, or Canton Athletic Club as they were called at the time, formed their football team in 1905 with sole objective of beating the Tigers, who had won every Ohio League championship since 1903.
Both teams spent lavish amounts of money to bring in ringers from out-of-town. The very first Canton-Massillon game was played on November 30, 1905. The game was the season finale for both clubs. Up until that finale game, Massillon had posted an 8-0 record, while Canton posted an 8-1 record, with only a 6-0 loss against the Latrobe Athletic Association from Pennsylvania. Massillon went on to win the game 14-4. The victory brought the Tigers the Ohio League championship for the third consecutive season.
1905-06 off-season.
Financial charges.
In the off-season prior to the 1906 season, a news story in "The Plain Dealer" alleged that the Canton Athletic Club was financially broke and could not pay its players for the final game of 1905. The club denied the allegation and insisted that every dollar promised had indeed been delivered. Many Canton followers believed the story had originated in Massillon as a trick to discredit their team and make it tougher for Canton to recruit players for 1906. Massillon coach, Ed Stewart, who had newspaper connections was believed by Canton to have planted the story. However, while Canton was in fact losing money in 1905, a group of area businessmen shouldered the losses.
In a counter-charge, Canton insisted that the Tigers were also deeply in debt. However, a statement by the Tigers showed $16,037.90 in receipts and only $16,015.65 in expenditures. The only problem with Massillon's figures was that they only listed salaries, including railroad fare, at $6,740.95, which means the players were getting only about $50 per game. However, it is believed, like with Canton, that Massillon's area boosters picked up whatever losses the Tigers incurred during 1905.
Recruitment.
For the 1906 season, Canton's coach Blondy Wallace signed the entire 1905 Massillon Tigers' backfield to play for Canton. While in Massillion, Ed Stewart was promoted from head coach to manager, replacing J.J. Wise. Meanwhile Sherburn Wightman, who played under Amos Alonzo Stagg, while attending the University of Chicago, was named the team's new coach.
The series.
Scheduling.
An earlier agreement between the two clubs called for each home team to receive 60 percent of the gate admission and reserved seating rights. However, Massillon disliked the deal because Canton would receive more money for the games, since their stadium was larger, and the game at Canton would be played in October, instead of the November weather to be seen in Massillon. This led the Tigers to asked that the game, to be held in Massillon, be played on Thanksgiving Day, when every football fan would attend regardless of the weather. However that October, Wallace traveled to Pennsylvania to recruit players for the upcoming game against Massillon. There he scheduled a Thanksgiving Day game against the Latrobe Athletic Association, who was the top team in Pennsylvania, and one of the toughest squads in the country. The Latrobe squad featured star quarterback John Brallier, and dealt Canton a defeat in 1905. 
Finally the teams agreed to play two games of football against other and share equally the gate receipts. Both games were to be played in November. The Canton home game was slated for Friday, November 16; while the Massillon home game come on Saturday, November 24, the weekend before Thanksgiving. However, many Tigers followers felt that the allegedly scheduled Canton-Latrobe game was only scam to get Massillon to agree to lesser terms. Therefore language was added to the agreement that if Massillon did anything to disrupt the Canton-Latrobe game, they'd lose all of their gate money from their first game at Canton to the Bulldogs. The money from the November 16 was held in a Canton bank. To ensure that the Thanksgiving Day game between Latrobe and Canton was legitimate, the gate money from the second Bulldogs-Tigers as also kept on hold, this time at Merchants' National Bank, in Massillon. If the Canton-Latrobe game never occurred, then Massillon would be entitled to all of Canton's gate money from the second Canton-Massillon game. Each team was also required to put up a $3,000 bond, as insurance that each team would show on the game days.
Game 1.
To prepare for their series against Massillon, Blondy Wallace took his team on the campus of Penn State University to conduct drills and practices. There Nittany Lions coach, Tom Fennell, gave Canton, now officially called the "Bulldogs", special instructions in the use of the forward pass. Then much anticipated first Canton-Massillon game was finally held at Canton's Mahaffey Park. It was the biggest football game yet in Ohio, even bigger than the clubs' 1905 game. The Bell Telephone Company even had men stationed in the grounds observing. As fast as a play was made, it was telegraphed to every major city in the United States.
Game 2.
Big games, like these, always brought out theories of a fix. However, Massillon's Ed Stewart stated that it would be impossible to fix the coming game, stating that an entire team, not just certain players would have to be involved. "Big Bill" Edwards, a former player from Princeton officiated the game, and kept both teams in check. The first game went to Canton by a score of 10-5.
However things became more heated for second game. The Tigers vowed to defeat Canton with their same roster from November 16, while Bell Telephone again announced it would telegraph a play-by-play account of the second game. The only roster change occurred when the Bulldogs signed Eddie Wood, a regular end from the Latrobe Athletic Association, to play in the rematch for an injured player named Gilchrist. Meanwhile Stewart announced that "Big Bill" Edwards would be unavailable to referee because he'd be officiating that year's Yale-Harvard game. Edward Whiting of Cornell University, who'd umpired the first game at Canton, agreed bring a replacement referee with him.
Prior to the start of the game, a disagreement over which ball to use occurred. Massillon showed up with a ball, several ounces lighter than the Spalding brand ball Canton was used to. Blondy Wallace protested that ball made by Spalding was the norm, however, Massillon was adamant about keeping the lighter ball, which was provided to the Tigers by Ed Stewart. Wallace's protest fell on deaf ears, and was told by game's officials that he could either accept the lighter ball or forfeit both the game and the $3,000 guarantee. Historians believe that reason for Massillon's insistence for lighter ball was to help their kicking game. The Bulldogs, coming off of their 10-5 win a week ago, was favored to win the game. However, Massillon outplayed Canton and won the rematch 13-6 and was named the Ohio League's 1906 champions for the fourth straight year.
Scandal.
Once the game was over, Canton's coach, Blondy Wallace, in a show of sportsmanship, joined the Massillon celebration and congratulated the Tigers on their championship. However the evening after the second game at the Courtland Hotel Bar, a brawl erupted among several of the Canton players and fans over allegations that the game had been fixed. Jack Cusack, who would become the owner and manager of the Canton Bulldogs from 1912 until 1915, wrote in his book "Pioneer in Pro Football" that the fight was started by Cusack's neighbor, Victor Kaufmann, a physician who suffered heavy betting losses on the disputed contest. Cusack stated that he went with Kaufmann to the Courtland Hotel Bar, where Kaufman loudly made allegations of a fix. A large bar fight started in the hotel's bar area and quickly spread onto the street. Police were then called to break-up the disturbance, but Cusack and Kaufmann reportedly avoided arrest.
Meanwhile Massillon's Ed Stewart, through his newspaper "Massillon Independent", charged that an actual attempt was made to bribe some of the Tiger players into throwing the game and that Blondy Wallace had been involved. One story suggested that Canton players had bet large amounts of money on themselves to win, while approaching the Massillon players and asking them to throw the game in exchange for a share of Canton's winnings.
Some Canton followers then wondered if Wallace threw the game to Massillon in order to collect on some of the game's wagers. At first the play-calling strategy of Wallace was the focus of suspicion, but as the scandal grew, a number of contradictory allegations came out. Canton denied the charges, maintaining that Massillon only wanted to ruin the club's reputation before their final game against the Latrobe Athletic Association on Thanksgiving Day. Canton's counter-charge was that the scandal was designed by the Tigers to cripple the Bulldogs financially by destroying the gate revenue for the Latrobe game. Massillon could not prove the charge, however, the stands were almost empty for the Thanksgiving Day Latrobe-Canton game, leaving Canton unable to pay their players.
Inaccuracies and outcomes.
Harry March.
In 1934 "", a historically inaccurate book documenting early professional football, was published. The book the documented the scandal and was used by sports historians for the next 70 years. The author of this book was Dr. Harry A. March was a former player at Mount Union College, an executive for the New York Giants from 1925 to 1936 and later an organizer of the second American Football League. However, March also practiced medicine in Canton in 1906 and was named one of the Bulldogs team doctors.
Of the incident, March stated that Wallace persuaded an unnamed Canton player to deliberately throw the game. When accused by his teammates, this player said he had simply obeyed orders. The player then quickly left town, on the first available train, while still in his uniform. The Professional Football Researchers Association has identified this player, as Eddie Wood of Latrobe. March gave the impression that he was running for his life from angry fans and teammates. However, even before the second Canton-Massillon game began, it was announced that Wood would be on the first train back to Latrobe, once the game ended. Not to mention that when Wood returned on the following Thursday with the Latrobe team, he was not attacked by the fans or his ex-Canton teammates. Also Wood scored the Bulldogs only score of the game. As for following Wallace's orders, Wood often crashed the middle of the field on defense, allowing the Tigers to escape outside. However, Massillon was historically known for running up the middle of field.
Ed Stewart.
Massillon manager Ed Stewart never stated that which Canton-Massillon game was fixed. Instead his accusation was that an attempt had been made to bribe some Massillion players before the first game. According Stewart, Massillon players, Tiny Maxwell and Bob Shiring had been solicited to throw the first game by Walter East, a baseball player-turned end, who claimed to be backed by $50,000. Maxwell and Shiring then reported the offer to Tigers' coach Sherburn Wightman and the scandal ended before it began. East was then released by the Tigers. Only then was Wallace named by Stewart of being East's accomplice.
Walter East and Sherburn Wightman.
When East returned to Akron, he accused the Tiger's coach Sherburn Wightman of masterminding the scandal. According to East, Wightman had first asked him to solicit Maxwell and Shiring and have them throw the game, he then had East find a backer who would pay Wightman $4,000. However Wightman backed out of the deal at the last minute. He later went on to add that no member of the Bulldogs or their backers, as far as he knew, were connected with the deal. He finally stated that the only reason that Stewart went public on scandal was to ruin the attendance for the Canton-Latrobe game. East then gave the "Akron Beacon-Journal" a copy of a contract in which Wightman agreed to have the first Canton-Massillon game thrown for $4,000. The contract was signed by East, Wightman and John T. Windsor, one of the owners of East's Akron baseball team. It should also be noted that East, boasted of fixing a college football game, as well as a baseball game in 1905. Meanwhile, Windsor admitted to his part in the scheme, backing up East's story. He said that he never even met Wallace.
In an interview to "The Plain Dealer", Wightman stated that the contract signed by himself, East and Windsor was done in accordance with instruction from Ed Stewart and the backers of the Massillon team. He stated that he reported East's scheme to Stewart, and was told to go along with deal to see which Massillon players would agree to throwing the game and then remove them from the team. He then stated that he kept up the act until he had the signatures of East and Windsor down on paper. Only then was East released from the team. Stewart defended the coach, agreeing that Wightman had entered into the contract with East and Windsor at the behest of the Tiger backers in order to get the goods on the fixers.
Back in Akron, Walter East was seen as being the hapless victim of a crooked team. He was retained as manager of the Akron baseball team for the 1907 season> However he was later fired after the team began losing.
Blondy Wallace.
The scandal caused Wallace to file a libel lawsuit against Stewart and the "Massillon Independent" for $25,000, with Wallace claiming that his good name and professional credit have been ruined due to the paper's story. However, his libel suit never came to trial, it is believed that he may have settled the case out of court. By this time, Wallace was too deep in debt to turn down any reasonable cash offer. He later became a bootlegger in Atlantic City and was, for a time, under federal indictment. As for the scandal, the lack of a trial left the details of the events still disputed by historians and football fans alike. Because Wallace possibly settled out of court, there was no real conclusion to the fix scandal—just charges and countercharges. Due to Harry March's book, Wallace was seen as being responsible for the scandal for the next 70 years.
The Bulldogs.
The Bulldogs defeated Latrobe 16-0 in front of their smallest crowd in years, 1,200 fans. Canton blamed the scandal for the small crowd, however, some believe that once the Bulldogs lost to Massillon, many fans lost interest in football. Therefore, regardless of a scandal, the game's attendance still would have fallen well below expectations. Canton players were not paid as a result, in addition. To help pay for the Latrobe team's expenses an effort was established in Latrobe, which raised part of the team's $300 expense debt, and the balance of the money was borrowed by the YMCA so that it could be paid.
Meanwhile the Tigers traveled to Chicago to beat the "All-Western" team. The attendance for that game was a mere 2,000 spectators.
The timing of the betting scandal being made public damaged Canton far more than Massillon. Many allegations stated that Canton threw the second game of series, however, if the story had broken after Massillon's earlier loss to Canton, the Tigers would have been more damaged. However, the scandal engulfed both teams and forced them to fold. Although Massillon could not prove that Canton had indeed thrown the game, it so tarnished Canton's name that virtually no one attended the Latrobe game. The Bulldogs, including Wallace, were now broke. A story by the "Pittsburgh Post" estimated that team still owed its players $6,000 for the 1906 season. A benefit game between Massillon and Canton to help pay the Bulldog players only drew 500 fans and resulted in a 5-5 tie. The proceeds from the game was only enough to get the remaining Canton players a train ticket home.
The Tigers.
The Tigers were also financially broke. However, the team still had enough money to pay its players. The Massillon-area fielded a team of locals in 1907. The "All-Massillons" under Sherburn Wightman went on to win the 1907 Ohio league championship. Wightman and Stewart were still held in high regard in Massillon.
Impact on Ohio pro-football.
The scandal was thought to have ruined professional football in Ohio until the mid 1910s. However the argument can be made that the expense of placing all-star teams on the field each week, also put a hamper on the sport. The "Canton Morning News" put a $20,000 price tag on the Massillon Tigers 1906 team, while many speculate that the cost of the Bulldogs probably even higher. Still others contend that the games involving top teams like Canton and Massilon were too one-sided and lacked excitement. Many towns in Ohio still fielded clubs over the next several years, and these new pros were consisted more of hometown talent, with only the occasional ringer. Peggy Parratt, Massillon's quarterback, stayed in Massillon for the 1907 season, but he then began moving from team to team in the region, racking up Ohio League titles on a nearly annual basis. A second incarnation of the Bulldogs would be established in 1911 and would later go to win two championships in the National Football League. The diminished stature of Ohio pro football led to other areas of the country building top professional teams, including the Washington Vigilants.

</doc>
<doc id="21496803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496803" title="Hai Au Paper">
Hai Au Paper

Hai Au Paper JSC (CTCP Giấy Hải Âu; HASTC:GHA) is a paper company of Vietnam. It is a subsidiary company of HAPACO (Hanoi Paper Company) and is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center. Hai Au is active in the paper sector, producing packaging material and forestry supplies, and trading paper goods and goods involved in the paper industry. It is located in Hai Phong.

</doc>
<doc id="21496805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496805" title="1986 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
1986 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 1986 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began with 32 teams and ended on December 20, 1986 when Pacific defeated Nebraska 3 games to 0 in the NCAA championship match.
Pacific won their second straight NCAA title in volleyball with an easy sweep of Nebraska by the scores of 15-12, 15-4, 15-4. 
Nebraska became the first non-California or Hawaii university to make the NCAA national championship match (although it happened six times in the AIAW national championships in the 1970s). Semifinalist Texas joined Nebraska in becoming the first non-California or Hawaii universities to make the NCAA final four (although four such others reached title matches in the 1970s).

</doc>
<doc id="21496836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496836" title="Hip Hop Bommi Bop">
Hip Hop Bommi Bop

"Hip Hop Bommi Bop" is a parody hip hop version of the Die Toten Hosen song "Eisgekühlter Bommerlunder". The song was born with the cooperation with Fab Five Freddy.
A remix of the song ("Tap into America-Mix") was released on "Auf dem Kreuzzug ins Glück". It features a more aggressive part for Die Toten Hosen. This version was also added to the greatest hits album "Reich & sexy".
Music video.
The video depicts the band and Fab Five Freddy in a situation, where the band members are cannibalistic natives and Freddy is in their cauldron, being cooked and singing the song.

</doc>
<doc id="21496841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496841" title="Walter Huppenkothen">
Walter Huppenkothen

Huppenkothen attended school in Opladen and studied Law and Political Science at the University of Cologne and University of Düsseldorf and then qualified as a lawyer. On May 1, 1933, he joined the Nazi Party and the Allgemeine SS. Unable to find employment in government service he joined the SD (the intelligence service of the SS) in Düsseldorf. After the invasion of Poland he was commander of the Security Police and the SD in Kraków, then in February 1940 he was posted Lublin as head of the Gestapo. From July 1941 he was appointed to the Reich Security Main Office in Berlin with the rank of Sturmbannführer (Major) in charge of a Gestapo Unit dealing with reactionaries and liberals, as the successor to Walter Schellenberg. After the dismissal of Wilhelm Canaris he attended a meeting in March 1944 that established a unified intelligence service.
As an SS Standartenführer (Colonel) he was appointed the prosecutor of the SS and police court in Munich. On April 6, 1945, he prosecuted Hans von Dohnanyi in Sachsenhausen concentration camp while the defendant lay semi-conscious on a stretcher having contracted a serious infection and the proceedings ended with him being condemned to death by Sturmbannführer Otto Thorbeck. On April 8, 1945, under orders from Ernst Kaltenbrunner, he was the prosecutor at a drumhead court-martial presided over by Otto Thorbeck without witnesses, records of proceedings or a defence in Flossenbürg concentration camp. It condemned Dietrich Bonhoeffer, General Hans Oster, Army chief judge Dr. Karl Sack, Captain Ludwig Gehre and Admiral Wilhelm Canaris to death. They were all hanged on April 9, two weeks before the United States Army liberated the camp. Thorbeck later testified that the conspiracy trials lasted three hours under Huppenkothen's direction and that he shouted the accusation at them, then permitted a brief answer period before the death sentence was imposed and the prisoners were executed the following day.
He was captured at Gmunden on April 26, 1945. After the war Huppenkothen was interned by the Americans and worked for the Counterintelligence Corps of the US Army until 1949. He was tried in West Germany in the 1950s and sentenced to seven years' imprisonment, but was acquitted of murder. That acquittal was, and remains, controversial.

</doc>
<doc id="21496845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496845" title="Dragomir Stankovic">
Dragomir Stankovic

Dragomir Stankovic (born February 6, 1972) is a Serbian football referee who officiates in the Serbian Superliga and is on the FIFA list. He has also refereed in the UEFA Cup.
Stankovic served as a referee during 2010 World Cup qualifying, supervising the match between San Marino and Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21496852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496852" title="Ventsislav Bonev">
Ventsislav Bonev

Ventsislav Bonev (; born 8 May 1980 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Marek Dupnitsa. He is a central and left defender.
He had previously played for Lokomotiv Sofia, Minyor Pernik, Marek Dupnitsa, Naftex Burgas. Bonev signed with Chernomorets Burgas in January 2009. To the end of the 2008-09 season he played in 7 matches for the club. On 20 January 2012 he was sold to Botev Plovdiv and was released in June.

</doc>
<doc id="21496859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496859" title="Hypselodoris obscura">
Hypselodoris obscura

Hypselodoris obscura is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. 
This species eats sponges.
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found in Southeastern Australia. [http://www.seaslugforum.net/showall.cfm?base=hypsobsc]

</doc>
<doc id="21496872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496872" title="Infrared gas analyzer">
Infrared gas analyzer

]
An infrared gas analyzer measures trace gases by determining the absorption of an emitted infrared light source through a certain air sample. Trace gases found in the Earth's atmosphere get excited under specific wavelengths found in the infrared range. The concept behind the technology can be understood as testing how much of the light is absorbed by the air. Different molecules in the air absorb different frequencies of light. Air with lots of a certain gas will absorb more of a certain frequency, allowing the sensor to report a high concentration of the corresponding molecule.
Infrared gas analyzers usually have two chambers, one is a reference chamber while the other chamber is a measurement chamber. Infrared light is emitted from some type of source on one end of the chamber, passes through a series of chambers that contains given quantities of the various gases in question.
Principles of Operation.
The design from 1975 (pictured above) is a Nondispersive infrared sensor. It is the first improved analyzer that is able to detect more than one component of a sample gas at one time. Earlier analyzers were held back by the fact that a particular gas also has lower absorption bands in the infrared spectrum in addition to its principal absorption band, and either of these bands may overlap the principal absorption band of a second gas.
The invention of 1975 has as many detectors as the number of gases to be measured. Each detector has 2 chambers which both have an optically aligned infrared source and detector, and are both filled with one of the gases in the sample of air to be analyzed. Lying in the optical path are two cells with transparent ends. One contains a reference gas and one will contain the gas to be analyzed. Between the infrared source and the cells is a modulator which interrupts the beams of energy.
The output from each detector is combined with the output from any other detector which is measuring a signal opposite to the principal signal of each detector. The amount of signal from other detectors is the amount that will offset the proportion of the total signal that corresponds to the interference. This interference is from gases with a principal or lower absorption band that is the same as the principal band of the gas being measured.
For instance, if the analyzer is to measure carbon monoxide and dioxide, the chambers must contain a certain amount of these gases. The infrared light is emitted and passes through the sample gas, a reference gas with a known mixture of the gases in question and then through the "detector" chambers containing the pure forms of the gases in question. When a "detector" chamber absorbs some of the infrared radiation, it heats up and expands. This causes a rise in pressure within the sealed vessel that can be detected either with a pressure transducer or with a similar device. The combination of output voltages from the detector chambers from the sample gas can then be compared to the output voltages from the reference chamber.
The latest Infrared Gas Analyzers.
Like earlier infrared gas analyzers, modern analyzers also use nondispersive infrared technology to detect a certain gas by detecting the absorption of infrared wavelengths that is characteristic of that gas. Infrared energy is emitted from a heated filament. By optically filtering the energy, the radiation spectrum is limited to the absorption band of the gas being measured. A detector measures the energy after the infrared energy has passed through the gas to be measured. This is compared to the energy at reference condition of no absorption. 
Many analyzers are wall-mounted devices intended for long-term, unattended gas monitoring. There are now analysers that measure a range of gases and are highly portable to be suitable for a wider range of geoscience applications. Fast response high-precision analyzers are widely used to measure gas emissions and ecosystem fluxes using eddy covariance method when used together with fast-response sonic anemometer. 
In some analyzers, the reliability of measurements is enhanced by calibrating the analyzer at the reference condition and a known span concentration. If the air would interfere with measurements, the chamber that houses the energy source is filled with a gas that has no detectable concentration of the gas being measured. Depending on the gas being measured, fresh air, chemically stripped air or nitrogen may be used.

</doc>
<doc id="21496926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496926" title="2010 in television">
2010 in television

2010 in television may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21496929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496929" title="Nate Bihldorff">
Nate Bihldorff

Nate Bihldorff is a senior localization manager and producer of Nintendo Treehouse, the localization division of Nintendo of America. He is best known for his work on the "Mario & Luigi", "Paper Mario", and "Animal Crossing" series of video games.
Biography.
Bihldorff graduated from University of Pennsylvania in 1998 with a degree in English with concentration in creative writing. Bihldorff first worked for Nintendo as a video game tester on "", and later worked at Nintendo Power. He initially declined the offer to work full-time for Nintendo Treehouse, but following a near-death experience during snowboarding in Vermont he called Nintendo and accepted the job.
Bihldorff's first project was writing the English text for "Paper Mario", which was released for the Nintendo 64 in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21496931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496931" title="Exercise prescription">
Exercise prescription

Exercise prescription is the referral of patients to exercise programmes. The term is also used to describe the development of exercise programs.
Patient Referral.
In the United Kingdom there is a scheme called "Exercise on prescription" in which doctors are able to prescribe exercise to those with conditions that benefit from it, such as asthma, depression or obesity. The initiative particularly aimed to lower the rate of heart disease. National standards for such initiatives from doctors were established by the Department of Health in 2001. Exercise on prescription aims to prevent deterioration of conditions, and views exercise as a preventative health measure. Fitness classes or a course at the local gym are available on prescription at a reduced rate to people who might benefit from them. It aims to make it easier for people to follow their doctors' advice about taking more exercise or losing weight. Such preventative measures hope to lead to savings for the National Health Service.
Researchers in New Zealand have also discussed the benefits of exercise referral by medical practitioners there. In New Zealand it is known as a green prescription, while in the United States a similar initiative is known as Exercise is Medicine.
Exercise Program Development.
Exercise prescription is designed to modulate acute exercise programming variables to create the adaptations desired by the individual or sport. With aerobic exercise prescription, the type of exercise, duration of exercise, frequency, and duration is adjusted. For resistance exercise prescription, the type of exercise, total session volume, rest period, frequency, and intensity are determined. Prescription of stretching and other activities is also commonly seen.

</doc>
<doc id="21496942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496942" title="Colin Trussell">
Colin Trussell

Colin Charles Trussell (born 1 September 1948) is an English former football referee from Crosby, Liverpool, who officiated in the English Football League from 1985-1993 during which time he officiated more than 250 professional football games. 
Trussell became a referee after deciding against playing football full-time for family reasons. Before becoming a referee he had trials with a number of clubs, most notably with the Tranmere Rovers. He did however play part-time with a number of lower league clubs, including Marine F.C. Whilst playing for Marine he earned the nickname 'Whippet', due to his straight line speed with the ball at his feet.
Trussell took charge of many high profile games and was considered to be a 'ruthless but fair' referee. Probably the highlight of his professional refereeing career was being the chosen as the 'man with the whistle' at the Wembley stadium for a play off final. He was known as a strong decision making ref that was well respected at the top level. Several top flight managers including Joe Royle had much praise for Mr.Trussell's performances. Unfortunately his refereeing career was cut short again due to his family commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="21496986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21496986" title="Felimare orsinii">
Felimare orsinii

Felimare orsinii is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Description.
The body reaches a length of 20 mm. This species eats sponges.
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found only in the Western Mediterranean Sea. [http://www.seaslugforum.net/showall.cfm?base=hypsorsi]

</doc>
<doc id="21497024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497024" title="Ceratoichthys">
Ceratoichthys

Ceratoichthys pinnatiformis is an extinct species of lookdown-like prehistoric jackfish that lived during the Lutetian epoch, of the Middle Eocene of Monte Bolca, Italy. 
The dorsal and anal fins of "C. pinnatiformis" had very high, narrow crests, and it also had very long, thin pelvic fins. Its fins give it a superficial resemblance to a freshwater angelfish, leading some people to erroneously refer to "C. pinnatiformis" as an "angelfish," too.

</doc>
<doc id="21497028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497028" title="List of Old Bridgnorthians">
List of Old Bridgnorthians

The following is a list of notable Old Bridgnorthians, former pupils of Bridgnorth Grammar School (now Bridgnorth Endowed School) in Bridgnorth, Shropshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21497044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497044" title="Liu Mingyuan">
Liu Mingyuan

Liu Mingyuan (刘明源, pinyin: Líu Míngyuán; 1931-1996) was a prominent Chinese musician, composer, and teacher. He played the Chinese bowed string instruments "banhu", "zhonghu", "gaohu", "erhu", "jinghu", and "zhuihu", among others, as well as the piano.
Biography.
Born in Tianjin, Mingyuan began studying music from his father and eventually learned to play a wide variety of traditional genres including "pingju", Cantonese music, and Beijing opera.
He composed and arranged several popular "guoyue" pieces, many of which are based on traditional Chinese melodies. Among his best-known compositions are "Xi Yang Yang" (喜洋洋), "Happy Year" (幸福年), and "Ten Elder Sisters" (十大姐). Among his solos for the "erhu" are "Henan Tune" (河南小曲).
Along with Liu Tianhua and Abing, Liu is considered one of China's three finest traditional instrumentalists of the 20th century.[http://baike.baidu.com/view/116943.htm?func=retitle]

</doc>
<doc id="21497060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497060" title="Puerto Rico Democracy Act">
Puerto Rico Democracy Act

The Puerto Rico Democracy Act is a bill to provide for a federally sanctioned self-determination process for the people of Puerto Rico.
This act would provide for plebiscites to be held in Puerto Rico to determine the island's ultimate political status. The bill was approved by the House of Representatives on April 29, 2010 by a recorded vote of 223–169. It was not approved by the Senate and died with the sine die adjournment of the 111th Congress.
The bill has been introduced twice in the United States Congress, first in 2007 and again in 2009.
Background.
Puerto Rico is a self-governing unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeastern Caribbean Sea, east of the Dominican Republic and west of the Virgin Islands. It was ceded to the United States as part of the Treaty of Paris during the Spanish-American War. In 1952, the U.S. Congress ratified the Constitution of Puerto Rico, proclaiming Puerto Rico as an insular commonwealth. However, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has territorial status subject to United States congressional authority under the Territorial Clause of the U.S. Constitution, “to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory belonging to the United States." This has been subject of ongoing debate in Puerto Rico, the United States, and the United Nations.
Three plebiscites have been held in recent decades to resolve the political status but no changes have been attained. Support for inclusion to the United States as a US state and the desire to retain its current political status ("status quo") remains about equal. Support for independence usually receives 3–5% of the electoral votes.
Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2007.
The 2007 bill, () was introduced in the United States House of Representatives on February 7, 2007 by Congressman José Serrano (D-New York). The bill would have provided for a referendum to be held no later than December 31, 2009. The referendum would have given Puerto Ricans the choice between the options of retaining their present political status, or choosing a new status. If the former option were to win, the referendum would have been held again every 8 years. If the latter option were to win, a separate referendum would have been held no later than December 31, 2011. In this referendum, Puerto Ricans would have been given the option of being admitted as a U.S. State "on equal footing with the other states," or becoming a "sovereign nation, either fully independent from or in free association with the United States." Were Puerto Ricans to choose statehood, independence, or free association, the US Congress would have had six months to act on the wishes of the Puerto Rican people.
The Act had bi-partisan support in the House of Representatives, with 129 co-sponsors, and was introduced in the U.S. Senate as S. 1936 with bi-partisan support on August 2, 2007 by Sen. Ken Salazar (D-CO) with 15 co-sponsors. The bill was never voted on before the 110th Congress ended.
Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2010.
The 2009 bill (), was introduced in the United States House of Representatives on May 19, 2009 by Pedro Pierluisi (D-Puerto Rico) who is the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico to the United States Congress (not a voting-member of the House of Representatives).
The bill would provide for a referendum giving Puerto Ricans the choice between the options of retaining their present political status, or choosing a new status. If the former option were to win, the referendum would have been held again every 8 years. If the latter option were to win, a separate referendum would be held where Puerto Ricans would have been given the option of being admitted as a US State "on equal footing with the other states," or becoming a "sovereign nation, either fully independent from or in free association with the United States." The bill enjoyed bi-partisan support in the House of Representatives, with 182 co-sponsors.
Key issues before Congress.
The key issues of this bill that are considered "debatable" are:
Plebiscite vs. constitutional convention.
H.R. 2499 proposes to take the question directly to voters in at least one plebiscite. For those who believe that direct democracy is the best method for readdressing the status issue, the plebiscite approach could be preferred. Plebiscites, however, necessarily include pre-determined questions and answers (i.e., the options listed on the ballot). Other proposals (e.g., H.R. 110-1230) suggest a more grassroots-oriented approach involving constitutional conventions without preconditions on the issues to be considered or options to be proposed. The plebiscite approach is perhaps a more efficient way to ascertain the electorate’s views on specific questions, but plebiscites do not allow for modification of the questions presented. By contrast, although conventions have the potential advantage of allowing for wide-ranging debate, they rely on delegates to represent popular will and might or might not be able to reach a politically viable status choice.
Participation of Puerto Ricans not living in Puerto Rico.
Under H.R. 2499, Puerto Ricans living on the Island and U.S. citizens born in Puerto Rico – but not necessarily living there today – would be eligible to participate in the plebiscites. This approach is substantially similar to the one proposed in H.R. 900 in the 110th Congress. Allowing non-residents to vote outside their current jurisdiction of residence is not typical in elections, but this aspect of the proposal would provide an opportunity for the substantial Puerto Rican population living elsewhere (assuming they were born in Puerto Rico and remain U.S. citizens) to participate in what many view as an essential Puerto Rican political debate. Proposals to allow those living outside Puerto Rico to vote in plebiscites do not appear to have generated substantial controversy, according to a Congressional Research Service analysis.
Meaning of "Sovereignty in association with the United States".
The first and third status options in the second plebiscite – independence and statehood, respectively – are straightforward. The second option, however, uses terminology that is not widely recognized in discussions of political status. It proposes: "Sovereignty in Association with the United States: Puerto Rico and the United States should form a political association between sovereign nations that will not be subject to the Territorial Clause of the United States Constitution."
“Sovereignty in association with the United States” is not a term of art typically used in status discussions. The proposed ballot language suggests that Puerto Rico would become an independent nation but maintain a close relationship with the U.S., perhaps akin to a concept known as “free association.” Free association generally implies negotiated legal, economic, or defense ties between two independent nations. Three former territories – the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau – are currently engaged in free association with the United States. (Following World War II, the U.S. administered all three of those territories on behalf of the United Nations, although they were never U.S. territories per se but United Nations Trust Territories.) Based on current compact agreements with the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau, the U.S. provides those countries with defense protection and various forms of economic aid. If the “sovereign association” language proposed in H.R. 2499 is viewed as something akin to free association, the future relationship between the U.S. and an independent Puerto Rico could resemble the current relationships between the United States and the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau.
“Sovereignty in association with the United States” might also be interpreted to mean so-called “enhanced commonwealth,” an option that is not a particular territorial status or official term, but which has been a component of previous popular status debates. Generally, “enhanced commonwealth” suggests a relationship that is, essentially, something between territorial status and statehood. Recent presidential task force reports have concluded that such an option would be unconstitutional because land under United States sovereignty must either be a State or a territory, but some in Puerto Rico maintain that such a political status could be negotiated between Puerto Rico and the U.S. These are two possible interpretations of option No. 2 in the second plebiscite and, in the absence of additional information, the precise meaning of the option is unclear.
Hearing.
On June 24, 2009, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources held a hearing on the bill with the participation of the Governor of Puerto Rico, and others like Jennifer Gonzalez, speaker of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives, Thomas Rivera Schatz, president of the Senate of Puerto Rico.
Committee vote.
The House Natural Resources Committee, led by Chairman Nick J. Rahall (D-WV), approved the bill and referred it to the United States House of Representatives floor with a 30 in favor 8 against vote.
House Vote.
On April 22, 2010, Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi announced that H.R. 2499 would be voted on in the week of April 26, 2010.
on April 29, 2010, H.R. 2499 passed the House with a 223–169 vote. Two amendments were added to H.R. 2499. The first, proposed by Virginia Foxx, stated that it "would allow supporters of the commonwealth status quo the option of voting their preference during the second stage of the plebiscite." The second, proposed by Dan Burton, stated that it "would retain the requirement that all ballots used for authorized plebiscites include the full content of the ballot printed in English" —a consideration already contemplated in Puerto Rican electoral law. It would also require the Puerto Rico State Elections Commission to inform voters in all authorized plebiscites that if Puerto Rico retains its current status or is admitted as a State: (1) any official language requirements of the Federal Government shall apply to Puerto Rico to the same extent as throughout the United States (regardless of the fact that English is already an official language in Puerto Rico); and (2) it is the Sense of Congress that the teaching of English be promoted in Puerto Rico in order for English-language proficiency to be achieved"; regardless of the fact that English is already taught in all grades from primary school, middle school, and high school, as well as in higher education.
Senate Hearing.
Immediately following House passage, H.R. 2499 was sent to the U.S. Senate, where it was given two formal readings and referred to the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. A hearing was scheduled on May 19, 2010 for the purpose of gathering testimony on the bill. Among those scheduled to offer testimony are Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico Pedro Pierluisi; Governor of Puerto Rico Luis Fortuño; President of the Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico Héctor Ferrer; and President of the Puerto Rican Independence Party Rubén Berríos. H.R. 2499 officially died with the sine die adjournment of the 111th Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="21497075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497075" title="Nardoichthys">
Nardoichthys

Nardoichthys francisci is an extinct species of bony fish from the Campanian/Maastrichtian epoch of Nardò, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21497093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497093" title="Schöne Bescherung">
Schöne Bescherung

"Schöne Bescherung" (roughly "Happy holidays"; lit. "Nice gift-giving", also "Nice mess") is a single by Die Toten Hosen. In concept, the song is a Christmas greeting.
Another version of the song is available on "The Battle of the Bands".

</doc>
<doc id="21497097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497097" title="Pio Filippani Ronconi">
Pio Filippani Ronconi

Pio Alessandro Carlo Fulvio Filippani Ronconi (10 March 1920 – 11 February 2010) was an Italian orientalist. He was born in Madrid, Spain, and died in Rome.
Biography.
He was born out of a very ancient Umbrian aristocratic family (his father being Count Fulvio Filippani Ronconi and his mother Anita Tamagno), tracing back to the Roman patriciate. He grew up in Spain up to the Civil War, when his mother was shot by Republicans and he came back in Italy with his family. He had already learned Italian, Spanish, Catalan, Arabic, Greek and Latin, and now he studied at the university several oriental languages such as Turkish, Hebrew, Chinese, Tibetan, Sanskrit, Persian, and others. For this reason, he worked for the Italian radio company EIAR as reader of news in foreign languages.
At the same time, his spiritual interests brought him to study and practice the tantras, and to know Julius Evola, Arturo Reghini and other members of the Ur Group. He studied thoroughly tantrism and gnosticism, in different cultural contexts, as well as the faiths and rituals of ancient Italy, from the Iguvine Tablets to Ancient Roman religion.
When Italy entered World War II (10 June 1940), he enlisted as a volunteer in the Arditi (elite storm troops), fighting in Libya. He was wounded twice and he was decorated for his valour. After the fall of Benito Mussolini and the constitution of Italian Social Republic, he enlisted as a volunteer private, then confirmed as an Obersturmführer (literally "Senior Stormleader", roughly equivalent to Senior Lieutenant), in the Italian SS-Legion, then reorganized as the 29th Division of the Waffen-SS “Italia”. He fought defending the Axis front at Nettuno, receiving the Second-Class Iron Cross. He was probably the last surviving member of the Bataillon "Degli Oddi", having taken part in that battle.
After the war he continues his studies, getting to know personally Massimo Scaligero and, through him, the works by Rudolf Steiner. He then elaborated his own conception of anthroposophy, cleansed by its Christian aspects and focused on the ancient Indo-European paganism, even though during the war he had already declared to German military authorities to be heathen. Since 1959, he began his academic career, being the most important pupil of Giuseppe Tucci, the most important Italian orientalist at the time. He taught both at the University of Naples "L'Orientale" and at the School of Orientalistics in Venice. Its most fundamental work was about the Pāli Canon.
At the same time, he continued working for the Italian state. He was officially employed, with different mansions, at the foreign radio office for the Prime Minister of Italy, but he also worked for the intelligence services as translator and, thanks to his wide knowledge of Sanskrit, he becomes a great expert in the decryption of messages intercepted by the Italian intelligence agencies. At the beginnings of the 1950s he is sent in Persia to gather political and military information in the area. He collaborated with several Latin American intelligence services: in 1950, for example, he had written a report about the political and military situation of Bolivia, foreseeing a revolution who broke few months after. He continued working for the intelligence up to the 1970s. He also works with the Italian Ministry of Defence, as cryptographer and translator of oriental languages.
In 1965, he was one of the lecturer at the conference about revolutionary war held at the Hotel "Parco dei Principi" in Rome, which was organized by Fascist politician Pino Rauti and his Ordine Nuovo organization. He was later questioned by the court about the Piazza Fontana bombing (12 December 1969), since his lecture was thought to have been devised and used to plan a general "strategy of tension" to destabilize Italian democratic system, and since one of his students, Delfo Zorzi, was enquired for material responsibility, but inquiries proved that he was not involved in any way. He admitted however having worked for the intelligence service.
In 2000, he entered a collaboration with the national newspaper "Corriere della Sera", writing articles about Eastern philosophy, but he was dismissed, after that a reader denounced with a letter to the newspaper the fact that Filippani Ronconi had served in Waffen-SS during the war. He died in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21497115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497115" title="Svetlin Simeonov">
Svetlin Simeonov

Svetlin Ivanov Simeonov (; born 24 August 1975 in Vratsa) is a retired Bulgarian football midfielder.
Career.
In his career he played for Botev Vratsa, Russian side Alania Vladikavkaz, Lokomotiv Sofia, Turkish Adanaspor, Spartak Pleven, Dunav Ruse, Naftex Burgas and Chernomorets Burgas. Between 1995 and 1996 Simeonov is a part of Bulgaria national under-21 football team. For Bulgaria U21, Simeonov was capped eight times, scoring three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="21497138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497138" title="Palaeopomacentrus">
Palaeopomacentrus

Palaeopomacentrus orphae is an extinct genus of fish from the Ypresian epoch of Monte Bolca.

</doc>
<doc id="21497145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497145" title="Zorzinichthys">
Zorzinichthys

Zorzinichthys annae is an extinct genus of fish from the Ypresian epoch of Monte Bolca.

</doc>
<doc id="21497169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497169" title="Aptostichus angelinajolieae">
Aptostichus angelinajolieae

The Angelina Jolie trapdoor spider ("Aptostichus angelinajolieae", often misspelled "angelinajoleae") is a species of Euctenizidae, nocturnal arthropods who seize their prey after leaping out of their burrows and inject it with venom. It was described by the Auburn University professor Jason Bond in 2008, who named it after the American actress Angelina Jolie in recognition of her work on the United Nations High Commission for Refugees. It was one of only seven described species of "Aptostichus" until 2012, when it was joined by Bono's Joshua Tree trapdoor spider and 32 other species.
Identification and distribution.
It is difficult to identify an individual as being an "A. angelinajolieae" specimen due to the species' morphological similarity to "A. atomarius" and "A. stanfordianus". A set of unique mitochondrial DNA nucleotide substitutions sets the species apart and allows a diagnosis. "A. angelinajoliaea" inhabits the north of Monterey County, California, restricted to the Santa Lucia Range west of the Salinas Valley, which probably serves as a dispersal barrier. Its ecoregion consists of chaparral forest and shrub. It is not found in the coastal dunes, which are the habitat of the geographically proximate but darker colored "A. stephencolberti". Female specimens are normally seen on road cuts and humid, shaded steep banks. The species creates shallow burrows with a thin silk-soil trapdoor and white silken lined retreat.
Taxonomy.
Due to the Salinas Valley barrier, there is no genetic exchangeability between "Aptostichus angelinajolieae" and other "Aptostichus" species. This and the species' exclusivity as a lineage in DNA studies makes it a cohesion species. "A. angelinajolieae" belongs to the "Atomarius" Sibling Species Complex along with the closely related species "A. atomarius", "A. dantrippi", "A. miwok", "A. stanfordianus" and "A. stephencolberti".
Conservation status.
In addition to being widespread and abundant in its range, the Angelina Jolie trapdoor spider flourishes in moderately developed residential areas. Therefore, in terms of its conservation status, it is not considered to be a threatened species.

</doc>
<doc id="21497173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497173" title="Ahmad al-Tayyeb Aldj">
Ahmad al-Tayyeb Aldj

Ahmed al-Tayyeb Aldj (born in Fes in 1928) is a well known Moroccan writer of poetry and drama. He is considered one of the cornerstones of contemporary Moroccan theater. He received several prizes and decorations for his service to Moroccan Arabic language theater. In 1973, he was awarded the prize of Literature of Morocco, and in 1975, the Medal of Intellectual Merit of Syria. He has composed more than forty plays and adapted more than thirty. According to Salim Jay, the theater of al-Aldj is a "treasure of the culture of humanity". He has rewritten, in Moroccan Arabic, works by Molière, Shakespeare and Brecht and has had a great influence on Moroccan popular culture. His work was markedly influenced by French theater, especially the plays of Molière and Beaumarchais.

</doc>
<doc id="21497177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497177" title="Cretazeus">
Cretazeus

Cretazeus rinaldii is an extinct genus of fish from the Campanian epoch of Nardò, Italy. It is the oldest known zeiform fish, and cannot yet be placed in any family.

</doc>
<doc id="21497186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497186" title="Chip Duncan">
Chip Duncan

Chip Duncan (born January 3, 1955) is an American filmmaker, author, and photographer, known principally for documentaries on history, current affairs, travel, and natural history. He is also president of a production company, Duncan Group, Inc, and has produced feature films including "Eden", nominated for the 1996 Grand Jury Prize at Sundance, and "Row Your Boat" starring Jon Bon Jovi.
Biography.
Chip Duncan was born in Shenandoah, Iowa and later resided in Michigan and Wisconsin. Duncan graduated from the University of Wisconsin, Madison with a degree in English and Communication Arts. He began his career in media at an NBC affiliate as a news producer and photographer. Duncan also performed for several years in a bluegrass band called Broken Bow; the band released one album, Arrival, in 1981. Duncan co-wrote for "The Twilight Zone" in 1985 and began his production company the same year. Since that time, he has worked extensively as a writer, producer, director and photographer of numerous films and television programs. 
Film and TV.
His documentary productions include The Reagan Presidency series (American Public Television - 2013), PBS special "Landslide –- A Portrait of President Herbert Hoover", the 2-part series "Prayer In America", "The Cost of Freedom –- Civil Liberties, Security and the USA PATRIOT Act", "Beyond the Gridiron -– The Life & Times of Woody Hayes", "The Magic Never Ends -- The Life & Work of CS Lewis", "In A Just World –- Contraception, Abortion & World Religion", "Wisconsin: An American Portrait" and "Rafting Alaska’s Wildest Rivers". Duncan was also a consulting producer on the HBO Sports special "The Rivalry" and the PBS special "Henry A. Wallace".
In 2011 Duncan completed "The Life & Death of Glaciers" a two-part classroom educational series on climate change, which is distributed by Discovery Education. January 2013 saw the release of Duncan's latest documentary production "The Reagan Presidency" a three-part series distributed by American Public Television for PBS affiliates nationwide.
In 1999, Duncan produced and directed "Through One City’s Eyes", an in-depth campaign on race relations that included a nationwide public television broadcast, a seven-part public radio series, a two-part classroom series for middle school students, and a traveling photo museum.
Duncan’s production of the 13-part television series "Mystic Lands" featuring spiritual places of the world debuted on Discovery Networks. Duncan was the series creator, executive producer, and director as well as the writer and photographer of numerous episodes.
In 1992, Duncan wrote, produced, directed, and photographed "Tatshenshini: A Journey to the Ice Age" for public television. Duncan’s 1993 production of "Alaska’s Bald Eagle: New Threats to Survival" was the winner of the “Best New Wildlife Filmmaker” award at the 1993 Jackson Hole Wildlife Festival. During his production of the 1994 public television special 'Positive Thinking: The Norman Vincent Peale Story", Duncan and co-producer David Crouse interviewed five American presidents: Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Gerald Ford, George Herbert Walker Bush and Ronald Reagan.
Duncan’s feature film credits include producing "Eden", a 1996 Sundance Film Festival Finalist, nominated for the Grand Jury Prize. That same year, Duncan executive produced the movie "Cadillac Ranch". He was also producer of the movie "Row Your Boat" featuring Jon Bon Jovi and co-executive producer of "The Break Up" featuring Kiefer Sutherland and Bridget Fonda.
Duncan’s 1986-87 production of "Is Anyone Listening?", an educational series for teenagers, is among the best-selling classroom series of all time.
Duncan is the co-author of two stories sold to the CBS network remake of "the Twilight Zone" in 1985.
Still photography.
Duncan’s work as a still photographer has been exhibited in numerous locations since 2009 including the Council on Foreign Relations (2013), the World Peace Festival in Berlin (2011), the O Street Museum in Washington, DC (2011) and the Crooked Tree Arts Center in Michigan (2009). Photographic works include an emphasis on people from Afghanistan, Ethiopia, Peru, Sudan, Pakistan and Kenya.
Other work.
Duncan is president of the Duncan Group, Inc, a documentary and feature film production company established in 1984. He is an advisor to the World Peace Festival in Berlin. Duncan is also an advisor to the Uprooted Theater Company Milwaukee, Wisconsin as well as America's Black Holocaust Museum Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="21497200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497200" title="Nardovelifer">
Nardovelifer

Nardovelifer altipinnis is the oldest known lamprid fish. It dates from the Campanian epoch of Nardò, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21497214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497214" title="Davenport Citibus">
Davenport Citibus

Davenport CitiBus is the transit agency serving Davenport, Iowa. USA. CitiBus has a total of twenty vehicles and covers approximately of the city. CitiBus connects with both Bettendorf Transit and the Illinois Quad Cities mass transit system, MetroLINK. The system operates Monday through Saturday only.
History.
Public transit appeared in Davenport in 1969 when the city of Davenport created a City Transit Authority. The authority at first provided monetary support to Davenport City Lines Bus Company which was a privately owned company. After a few years the city purchased the Davenport City Lines and placed the operation of public transportation under the jurisdiction of the City's Department of Municipal Transportation. Today, CitiBus is a division of the Department of Public Works. In 2009, Citibus saw a ridership of 1,125,511 customers.

</doc>
<doc id="21497228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497228" title="Michigan Road">
Michigan Road

The Michigan Road was one of the earliest roads in Indiana. Roads in early Indiana were often roads in name only. In actuality they were sometimes little more than crude paths following old animal and Native American trails and filled with sinkholes, stumps, and deep, entrapping ruts. Hoosier leaders, however, recognized the importance of roads to the growth and economic health of the state, and the needed improvements. They encouraged construction of roads which would do for Indiana what the National Road was doing for the whole country.
As early as 1821 the legislature earmarked funds for more than two dozen roads throughout the state. Roadbuilding was often the responsibility of the counties, which were empowered to call out a local labor force for construction and provide road viewers, or supervisors.
History.
Indiana's first "super highway" was the Michigan Road, which was built in the 1830s and 1840s and ran from Madison, Indiana to Michigan City, Indiana via Indianapolis. Like the National Road, it did much to spur settlement and economic growth. One-half of the pioneers to settle northwestern Indiana did so by using the Michigan Road to travel from the Ohio River to their destination. It was the "most ambitious" project to connect Indianapolis with the rest of the dead man
One of the things that made the road possible was a treaty the state of Indiana forged with the Pottawatomie on October 16, 1826. Governor James B. Ray led the negotiations. It allowed for a ribbon of land wide to stretch from the Ohio River (at Madison) to Lake Michigan (Michigan City). The Pottawatomie left the region by the very road when the last of their tribe was forcibly removed in the 1838 Pottawatomie Trail of Death.
A commission was selected to route the road from Indianapolis to Lake Michigan in 1828. It was told to make the trailhead be the best harbor, preferably natural, that could be had with Lake Michigan. The Kankakee River's swamp posed a problem for the construction of the road, forcing the commission to avoid a more direct northwesterly route and instead have it go from Logansport, Indiana straight up to the south bend of the St Joseph River (now South Bend, Indiana), and then west to Lake Michigan. Michigan City was formally selected to be the trailend in 1832.
The route from Madison to Indianapolis was straighter. From Madison it went north through Ripley and Jefferson counties straight to Napoleon, Indiana, and from there straight through Shelby County, Indiana to Indianapolis.
It proved to be the preferred route to Indianapolis for 34 separate counties, even through the road only went through 14 counties. In 1836 the Indiana General Assembly passed the Mammoth Internal Improvement Act, the act provided funds to pave the entire length of the road. However, the economic difficulties brought on by overspending and the Panic of 1837 caused the state to enter partial bankruptcy before the entire length could be paved. The situation forced Indiana to give control of the road to the individual counties as part of a plan to avoid losing it to the state's creditors.
Today.
Indiana State Road 29, originally much longer, followed the route from Madison to Bryantsburg, and from Napoleon in the south to Logansport in the north. Indiana State Road 25 followed the original route to Rochester, Indiana. U.S. Route 31 followed the original route from Rochester to South Bend, Indiana. Indiana State Road 2 and U.S. Route 20 follow the original road from South Bend to Michigan City.
The later U.S. Route 421 replaced Indiana State Road 29 from Madison to near Boyleston; the original route for US 421 was altered when Interstate 465 was constructed. A more "truck friendly" route was also built from Madison to North Madison. (The section of US 421 from Bryantsburg to Napoleon through Versailles was originally made SR 29 to conform with the law creating the state highway system in 1919.)
The original US 31 has been bypassed in several locations, most notably, in terms of the Michigan Road, from Rochester to north of Plymouth, Indiana. SR 29 from the south into Logansport has been decommissioned, as has the entire route (that which remains) from north of Greensburg (JCT I-74/US 421) to the northwest side of Indianapolis (JCT I-465/US 421).
In Indianapolis, a few remnants of the road still remain. In particular stands a tollhouse the Augusta Gravel Road Company placed to recoup their costs in repairing the road. It stands just north of the White River.
A monument marking the intersection of the Michigan Road and the National Road exists at the corner of Washington Street and Southeastern Ave. near downtown Indianapolis. This monument was relocated slightly as part of the changes to Interstate 65 exits in 2008.
Historical markers.
Michigan Road related markers in Indiana include:

</doc>
<doc id="21497230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497230" title="Protozeus">
Protozeus

Protozeus kuehnei is an extinct species of fish from the Thanetian epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="21497233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497233" title="BuddyPress">
BuddyPress

BuddyPress is an open source social networking software package owned by Automattic since 2008. It is a plugin that can be installed on WordPress to transform it into a social network platform. BuddyPress is designed to allow schools, companies, sports teams, or any other niche community to start their own social network or communication tool.
BuddyPress inherits and extends upon the integral functional elements of the WordPress engine including themes, plugins, and widgets. As it is built on WordPress it is written using the same primary technologies, PHP and MySQL.
Features.
BuddyPress has a range of features that will allow the creation of a social network application. However, based on one's interest, can start with a couple of features and simply turn off unneeded features.
The basic installed system offers:
Group discussion forums are provided by the integration of the popular GPL forum software bbPress. With 1.1 versions and above, bbPress is seamlessly integrated within BuddyPress allowing for single sign-on and one click forum integration.
Use in education.
BuddyPress is used by various institutions and organizations:
Releases.
A full release history can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="21497235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497235" title="Archaeozeus">
Archaeozeus

Archaeozeus skamolensis is an extinct genus of fish from the Ypresian epoch Fur Formation of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21497239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497239" title="1999 AFC Women's Championship">
1999 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1999 AFC Women's Championship was held from November 7 to November 21, 1999 in Philippines. The tournament was won for the seventh consecutive time by China in the final against Chinese Taipei.

</doc>
<doc id="21497247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497247" title="David Jones (Upper Canada politician)">
David Jones (Upper Canada politician)

David Jones (1792 – June 26, 1870) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Leeds from 1824 to 1828 and Brockville from 1834 to 1836 in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada as a Conservative member.
He was born in Montreal, the son of Daniel Jones, a United Empire Loyalist, and Margaret Hartley. Jones married Catherine Eliza Hayes. He lived in Brockville. He served in the militia, reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel and also was a justice of the peace and registrar for Leeds County. Jones was named a judge in the court for the Eastern District in 1825. He resigned from the bench in 1842 because legislation had been passed that would have forced him to reside in Dundas County

</doc>
<doc id="21497255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497255" title="Derbyshire Dales National Nature Reserve">
Derbyshire Dales National Nature Reserve

The Derbyshire Dales National Nature Reserve is a series of unconnected limestone dales in the Peak District National Park. It is managed by Natural England and has a permanent staff of wardens who carry out conservation works and ensure the dales are usable for recreation.
The dales are:
They are all in the White Peak National Character Area, of which dales are an integral part. The dales are a mixture of grassland, woodland and scrub; some also have streams (generally winterbournes). They are a haven for biodiversity and many Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) lie partly or wholly within the reserve boundaries. There are a number of Biodiversity Action Plan species and habitats present.
Dippers are common along the River Lathkill, and Ravens and Buzzards are regularly seen around the dale. The Monyash end of Lathkill Dale is well known for the flower Jacob's Ladder ("Polemonium caeruleum"), which is common in gardens but rare in the wild. There are also a number of orchids found in all the dales. 
The sites are also a good place to study geology, with many fossils within the limestone. There are also a number of historical sites. Lathkill Dale has many industrial workings (now abandoned and derelict), and there are many interpretation boards in the dale explaining the history. 
Lathkill Dale is one of the most easily accessible and most frequently visited of the Derbyshire dales, and has a good path for a large section of the dale, whereas other dales are inaccessible to less mobile people, as paths are steep and rocky for large sections (particularly Monk's Dale). 

</doc>
<doc id="21497257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497257" title="Veronavelifer">
Veronavelifer

Veronavelifer sorbinii is an extinct sailfin moonfish from the Lutetian epoch of the Monte Bolca lagerstatten.

</doc>
<doc id="21497282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497282" title="Colegio">
Colegio

Colegio in Spanish and Portuguese means "School"
It may also refer to:
Select schools:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="21497285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497285" title="List of In Vento casts">
List of In Vento casts

This is a list of casts of Mauro Bigonzetti's ballet In Vento to eponymous music of Bruno Moretti, commissioned as part of New York City Ballet's 2006 Diamond Project.

</doc>
<doc id="21497292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497292" title="Biz Kid$">
Biz Kid$

Biz Kid$ is an educational television show that teaches financial education and entrepreneurship to a preteen audience. It uses sketch comedy and young actors to explain basic economic concepts. Its motto is "Where kids teach kids about money and business."
Production.
"Biz Kids" was created by the producers of Bill Nye the Science Guy, the Emmy Award winning science show from the 1990s.
The first season of "Biz Kids", comprising 26 episodes, was filmed in 2007. The second season, comprising 13 episodes, began filming in April 2008. The crew travelled to various locations in the United States to film young entrepreneurs. Some local Seattle businesses such as BECU, Kitsap Credit Union and MountainCrest Credit Union have also been used as filming locations. On December 20, 2010, the official "Biz Kid$" website announced that episodes 45-52 were in production for season 4, with airing of the new episodes expected to start in April 2011. On March 12, 2012, the show's 5th season premiered. Episodes are expected to roll out through Summer 2012.
Cast.
The Biz Kids cast is made up largely of teenage actors from the Seattle area. However, writer John Keister also has small recurring roles.
The original cast members were:
Broadcasting.
"Biz Kids" is produced in association with WXXI of Rochester, NY, is distributed by American Public Television in the United States, and started airing in the United States on January 9, 2007. By June 2008, the show was on 311 of the nation's 343 PBS stations in 50 states. By the launch of Season Two, "Biz Kids" was airing in all 50 states and was available to over 287 million people.
The show also airs in the United Kingdom.
Curriculum.
A free curriculum is available for download for use by teachers and parents to use in classrooms, afterschool programs and at home. Each episode has a specially designed curriculum with activities, reviews and tests, all of which comply with the National Endowment for Financial Education standards. Five core "Biz Kids" lesson plans will be available in Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="21497297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497297" title="Murchyville, Nova Scotia">
Murchyville, Nova Scotia

Murchyville is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="21497313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497313" title="La Rosa di Bagdad">
La Rosa di Bagdad

La Rosa di Bagdad (English: The Rose of Baghdad) is a 1949 Italian animated film. In 1952, the film was dubbed into English, retitled "The Singing Princess" and starring Julie Andrews in her first film and first venture into voice-over work. The film was reissued in 1967, at the height of Andrews' subsequent Hollywood career.
Summary.
A snake charmer's genie helps rescue his master's sweetheart (Princess Zeila) from a wicked Sheikh. Released in the U.S. at the same time as the animated Italian feature "I Fratelli Dinamite", "La Rosa di Bagdad" demonstrated that Disney held no monopoly on clever cartoonery. Inspired by "The Arabian Nights", the story concerns a beautiful princess, a poor-but-honest hero, an evil sultan, and a slave of the lamp. Reviewers in 1949 were taken by director Anton Gino Domeghini's clever choice of camera angles and by Riccardo Pick Mangiagalli's musical score.
Plot.
A long time ago, the people of Baghdad lived happily under the rule of Caliph Oman III, greatest and kindest of any Caliph. Even at the time of his niece Princess Zeila's upcoming thirteenth birthday, the people were happier still. However, the tyrant Sheikh Jafar, and his shadow of a magician, Burk, have other plans, in order to take over Oman's kingdom. After a lovely performance by Princess Zeila and her snake charmer friend Amin, a messenger attempts to give a proclamation, written by Oman's information minister, Tonko, to the princes from the three cities across the river. However, before the messenger could get any further, Burk turns him into stone.
Later, after Amin charms a few snakes, his Magpie, Calina, attempts to steal one of Amin's bells after breaking her promise while working on a tambourine. He not only attended Princess Zeila's next performance at the palace; he applied the music for it. After the performance, Jafar, who also attended, attempts to propose to Zeila, but Caliph Oman's ministers, Tonko, Zirko, and Zizibe, think otherwise, even Amin, who later overhears that Burk has put an infatuation spell on Jafar's ring, making anyone who wears it fall in love with him.
Later that night, Amin and Calina try to keep hidden from sight at Jafar's palace, stealing the magic ring. Jafar had informed Burk of the magpie's thievery, and Burk announces his plan to his master. Back at Oman's palace, Amin tells the ministers that he will bring the ring to them, and that they would give the ring to the ugliest woman they could find.
The following morning, Zeila was at the palace singing. Amin tries to warn Zeila about Jafar's plan, that is, until Burk kidnaps him. A trial is held in favor of Amin's absence, and his mother is heartbroken. Calina, restless that Amin has not returned, sets out to find him. After Burk takes the ring away from Amin, Calina arrives and attempts to take the ring back. However, Burk throws Calina at a wall and fatally wounds her.
The ministers attempt to find Amin's trail, but take a break at a crystal stream and drink the water there. However, Burk places a spell on the water, turning the old ministers into babies. The woman who gathers water there cradles them, singing a lullaby to them.
Vowing not to let Calina die in vein, Amin tears off part of a sleeping Burk's cloak, trying his best not to wake him up, and flies out of the palace. The magician wakes up and is informed about his cloak, and takes off after Amin. The two engage in an air duel, and after Burk takes the torn part of his cloak back, Amin falls into a stream. Burk attempts to find Amin, but with no luck. Amin comes out of the river, only to find that Zeila had become infatuated with Jafar and is wearing the magic ring. Heartbroken, he calls to his old beggar friend Fatima, who gives him Aladdin's lamp as a parting gift. Amin rubs the lamp, and a genie comes out. Amin wishes to see his mother, but first, the genie takes them both to Jafar's palace to face Burk one last time. With Burk defeated, the messenger has returned to life, the magic ring disintegrated, and the ministers are old men again. The genie has also resurrected Calina, making Amin happy.
Back at Oman's palace, Zeila admits that she loves Amin to Jafar, who is about to have his guard take Zeila as prisoner. Amin arrives in time to save Zeila, and, with a little help from the genie, he uses his snake charmer's flute to lure Jafar and his guard to dance into the river.
With Zeila and Amin together again, peace is restored in Baghdad. The city rejoiced upon celebrating the marriage of Princess Zeila and Amin. As the narrator of the story puts it, love triumphed over hate, right over wrong, and good over evil.
Reception and Release.
On its 1967 reissue, which included its first American showing, the film was generally received poorly from critics in North America, receiving an AMG rating of only two stars. Many critics cited how out-of-date the animation quality was, owing heavily to the long delay between its original creation and American dubbing. The film went unreleased on VHS until the mid-1980s and on DVD until 2005.
References.
1.http://www.locatetv.com/movie/rose-of-baghdad/975151
2.http://www.answers.com/topic/the-singing-princess

</doc>
<doc id="21497314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497314" title="Trichoniscus pusillus">
Trichoniscus pusillus

Trichoniscus pusillus, sometimes called the common pygmy woodlouse, is one of the five most common species of woodlice in the British Isles. It is acknowledged to be the most abundant terrestrial isopod in Britain. It is found commonly across Europe north of the Alps, and has been introduced to Madeira, the Azores and North America.
Description.
"T. pusillus" may be distinguished from other British woodlice chiefly by its small size, which reaches no more than . Its body is elongate and quite rounded in cross section, and typically purplish. It may be separated from related species in North America by its eyes of three ocelli each, rather than the single ocellus in the eyes of its relative "Hyloniscus riparius".
Reproduction.
There are two distinct reproductive strategies within the species "Trichoniscus pusillus". Many populations are, like most metazoans, bisexual and reproduce sexually; in other cases, females reproduce parthenogenetically, creating clones of themselves. The sexually reproducing form is diploid while the parthenogenetic form is triploid; since parthenogenesis always produces females, males are always diploid and can only be produced by sexual reproduction.
The frequency of males in the population decreases from south to north (a latitudinal cline) and in increasingly open habitats, with no males observed in most of Scotland and Scandinavia, but more than 15% males in the Iberian and Apennine Peninsulas.
The reproductive season lasts from March to September, and one to three breeding waves may be observed. Females are gravid for 4–5 weeks before releasing 4–18 mancae from the brood pouch.
Ecology.
Like other woodlice, "T. pusillus" eats decaying plant matter of various kinds, although only alder litter is capable of sustaining a stable reproducing population.
Predators of "T. pusillus" include the common shrew "Sorex araneus", lycosid and dysderid spiders, centipedes such as "Lithobius variegatus" and perhaps carabid beetles.
"Trichoniscus pusillus" is susceptible to infection by isopod iridescence virus, or Iridovirus (Iridoviridae). This is first apparent as a blue sheen on the unpigmented underside of the animals, but soon spreads to give the entire exoskeleton a bluish iridescence.
Classification.
Several former subspecies of "T. pusillus" are now treated as separate species. These include "Trichoniscus alticola", "Trichoniscus baschierii", "Trichoniscus provisorius", "Trichoniscus noriucs" and "Trichoniscus pygmaeus".

</doc>
<doc id="21497326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497326" title="Kriminaltango">
Kriminaltango

"Kriminaltango" ("Criminal tango") is a traditional pop song released in 1959. The Italian original by Piero Trombetta only achieved a modest success, whereas the German version performed by Hazy Osterwald became a big hit in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Describing scenes from tavern, the song juxtaposes the appearance of shady figures ("dunkle Gestalten") and their mysterious dealings with dancing tango ("Und sie tanzen einen Tango"). The song culminates with a shot in the dark and the arrival of the police, unable to assemble any evidence. 
The song was covered by Die Toten Hosen, featuring Kurt Raab, in a non-album single in 1984.
It was also covered by The Deadfly Ensemble, appearing as a bonus track on their album "An Entire Wardrobe of Doubt and Uncertainty".

</doc>
<doc id="21497335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497335" title="1987 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
1987 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 1987 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began with 32 teams and ended on December 19, 1987 when Hawaii defeated Stanford 3 games to 1 in the NCAA championship match.
Hawaii won the school's third NCAA national title and fourth overall in women's volleyball, while Stanford finished as runners-up for the third time in four years. Hawaii was led by AVCA National Player of the Year Teee Williams' 17 kills.

</doc>
<doc id="21497340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497340" title="Lindsey Lake, Nova Scotia">
Lindsey Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21497353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497353" title="Par">
Par

Par or PAR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21497354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497354" title="Perirehaedulus richardsi">
Perirehaedulus richardsi

Perirehaedulus richardsi is a species of prehistoric trilobite named after British musician Keith Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="21497365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497365" title="Oligolophotes">
Oligolophotes

Oligolophotes fragosus is an extinct genus of fish from the late Eocene to Early Oligocene of Turkmenistan and the Caucasus Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="21497366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497366" title="Professor Louie &amp; The Crowmatix">
Professor Louie &amp; The Crowmatix

Professor Louie & The Crowmatix is a Woodstock, NY based Americana/Roots musical group led by Aaron Louis Hurwitz, who collaborated with The Rock 'n' Roll Hall Of Fame group The Band for over fifteen years. He is a musician, producer nicknamed "Professor Louie" by Rick Danko.
Professor Louie & The Crowmatix music is a blend of Blues, Rock, R&B, Gospel, & Folk with harmonic vocals.
The current members all hail from New York State. They have lived, traveled and performed extensively around the globe.
History.
The group came into existence preparing songs for Hurwitz’s studio productions for The Band. In 2000, Professor Louie & The Crowmatix started touring and recording their own music. They have seven studio CDs and two live recordings on the Woodstock Records label. Professor Louie & The Crowmatix have been the backing band for many recording artists such as Rick Danko, Garth Hudson, Commander Cody Band and Michael Falzarano. 2010 Professor Louie was inducted into The Southern Canadian Blues Hall Of Fame in Windsor, Ontario. Their composition "Melody Of Peace" was the Theme song for the 2010 CBS television Holiday Special "The Melodies Of Christmas"
In 2005 Professor Louie & the Crowmatix were the first artists to have a live concert recording released by the New York State Museum. The CD is entitled “The Spirit of Woodstock”. It comprises fourteen songs including the music of Bob Dylan, The Band, Bruce Springsteen, The Crowmatix and more. The performance was in conjunction with the Museum’s exhibit and concert series “Spirit of the Woodstock Generation.” In 2004 their CD "Century Of The Blues" received much acclaim and averaged #20 for six months on the Americana Radio Roots charts. Their music has consistently stayed on these charts for the past eight years. Original songs, "Jackie & Bullfrog" from their CD “Flyin’ High” have been the backing tracks for many episodes of "Made" and "Trailer Fabulous" on MTV. In spring 2008, the band released “As The Crow Flies”, a compilation CD with new originals as well as songs from their previous recordings most requested by fans and radio promoters.
2010 their CD Whispering Pines was nominated for Five Grammys'. Their 2012 Wings On Fire Cd has had rave reviews. April 2013 Wings On Fire will be released on Vinyl.
Performances.
Professor Louie & the Crowmatix continue to perform in concert at Merkin Hall, NYC, The State Theater, PA, Sellersville Theatre, PA, The Fairfied Theatre, CT, The Bearsville Theatre, NY, Westminster Theater, MD, Protors Theater NY, and The Egg, NY, BB Kings, NYC, House of Blues, CA, Bottom Line, NYC, Town Crier, NY, The Sportsman, NY, The Turning Point, NY, and Fitzgeralds, IL.
Festival Performances:
Gathering On The Mountain, PA, Toledo Blues Festival, OH, The Clermont Arts Festival, NY, The Detroit International Street Fair, MI, The London, Thunder Bay & Windsor Blues Festivals, ON, Canada, Beneath The Arch Concert Series, AB, Canada.
Media-Radio-Television.
Professor Louie & The Crowmatix have been featured artists on various syndicated radio shows: Acousitc Café, Ann Arbor, Michigan, The Mitch Albom Radio show, Detroit, Michigan, Woodsongs Radio Hour, Lexington, KY, Dancin’ On The Air: WAMC Public Radio, Albany, NY, and The Dunhams, Atlanta, GA.
Radio Stations: Professor Louie & The Crowmatix are in rotation and frequently perform live: WKZE Red Hook, NY, WNTI Hackettstown, New Jersey, WRPI Troy, NY, WMDU Duluth, MN, WPDH Pougkeepsie, NY, WDST Woodstock, NY, and WUSB Stonybrook, NY.
In 2006, Professor Louie & The Crowmatix performed on the CBS television special, "Melodies Of Christmas" and performed their international award winning song “Melody Of Peace” with the Empire State Orchestra and Choir. This show combined with other events raised $ 5,000,000 for The Children’s Hospital at Albany Medical Hospital. “Melody Of Peace” won the international composition and arranging award given out by the 21st Century composers label ERM/Naxos. Professor Louie & Miss Marie had the opportunity to record and perform “Melody Of Peace” with The Czech Radio Symphony & Kuhn Choir in Prague, Czech Republic under the direction of Conductor Robert Ian Winstin. This recording was released in 2007 on the ERM/Naxos Recording label. “Melody Of Peace” was recorded and performed on television in Novosibirsk, Russia with the School for Gifted Musicians Orchestra.
The great musicianship of all the members of The Crowmatix has enabled them to cross over into different musical genres and perform their songs in concert with orchestra and choirs.
In 2007–08 they performed a Holiday and Summer program with The Virginia Youth Symphony.
Members biographies.
Aaron "Professor Louie" Hurwitz (born Peekskill, New York).
"Professor Louie" - Hammond organ/keyboards/accordion/vocals & songwriter. Early in his career, he was organist/pianist for Mercury recording artists The Mighty Gospel Giants Of Brooklyn, touring & performing at gospel shows across the country. Louie continued to study and perfect his musical abilities performing in New York City and he became a sought after Record Producer/Engineer. Eventually, he moved up to Woodstock, NY and through his friend, guitarist Artie Traum he began work with the legendary group The Band. Louie would co-produce, engineer and perform on The Band’s last three albums in the 1990s: "Jericho", "High on the Hog" and "Jubilation". He worked on many musical ventures with The Band (TV & Radio shows) and did solo projects with Levon Helm, Rick Danko & Garth Hudson.
He was tagged “Professor Louie” by The Band’s vocalist/bass player Rick Danko while traveling and performing as a duo here and abroad.
Production Credits include CD’s with Irelands’ Four Men & A Dog, Rick Danko’s “Live On Breeze Hill” & “Times Like These” CD’s and the solo CD “The Sea To the North” by Garth Hudson of The Band. Hurwitz has recorded and performed with many accomplished musicians such as Graham Parker, Commander Cody Band, Guy Davis, Buckwheat Zydeco, Mercury Rev to name a few.
Professor Louie has an instructional DVD on Homespun Tapes “Rock & Blues Accordion”. In the past four years, he has toured Novosibirsk, Siberia, Russia where he has taught English through singing to students and brought his Americana music (Rock/ R&B/ Folk/ Gospel) and performed with many musical groups there. A documentary of his experiences in Russia, filmed on location, is now a documentary “Woodstock-Siberia Blues Express” and has been featured in the 2007 Woodstock Film Festival and The International Maine Film Festival.
Marie Spinosa (born Brooklyn, NY).
Miss Marie - vocalist/pianist/percussionist & songwriter. She began her musical career studying classical piano and went on to sing and perform in the Rock/Blues/R&B genre. Marie played in the tri-state area with various groups and would eventually meet Professor Louie in NYC. They began performing together in concert at premier clubs and touring the college circuit for many years before moving to Woodstock, NY. As part of the group Professor Louie & The Crowmatix, Miss Marie sings, plays percussion and piano and has co-written many of the songs on the Crowmatix CDs. She has worked consistently in Recording studios and her vocals and percussion can be heard on these CD’s: “Jubilation” by The Band, “Deserter’s Song” by Mercury Rev and she contributes vocals & percussion on Four Men & A Dog CDs. Miss Marie’s bluesy background vocals are featured on Rick Danko’s “Sip The Wine” and also on Danko’s “Times Like These” CD. Marie’s percussion can be heard on Garth Hudson’s solo CD “The Sea To The North”.
Miss Marie has a solo CD with the Crowmatix entitled “Collection”.
Gary Burke (born Troy, NY) – Drummer/Arranger.
Received a Masters Degree in music and performed with many groups before becoming the drummer and percussionist for The Radio City Music Hall Orchestra for four years during the 80’s. Gary has held an esteemed career playing drums for many notable musicians. He performed with Bob Dylan’ s Rolling Thunder Revue, worked with Graham Parker and many other groups but is best known to the public for his long tenure on drums on over a dozen albums with Joe Jackson. Starting in 1983 with the release of the Top Ten Gold album “Body and Soul”, Gary continued on into the ‘90’s with Joe Jackson in a mind-boggling mix of musical landscapes of gold, platinum and Grammy winning albums combined with many world tours and media profiles such as in Modern Drummer Magazine. He has contributed his drumming talents to all the recordings of Professor Louie & the Crowmatix and most recently has worked on many musical arrangements of Crowmatix songs for Orchestra performances.
Frank Campbell (born New York City).
Frank - bass player/vocalist. He studied music and learned how to play and record early in his career since his dad owned and operated a recording studio in New York City. Frank would move on and travel and perform with many different groups in his long career. He played bass with the Rick Danko and Levon Helm duo tour of the '70s & early '80s. Frank then joined up with Steve Forbert and later would relocate to Austin,Texas where he recorded and worked with Asleep At The Wheel for ten years. Around 2000, Frank moved back to upstate New York and teamed up with Professor Louie & The Crowmatix. He is the featured bass player and background singer on many Crowmatix recordings and continues to record and perform with the group.
Josh Colow (born Brooklyn, NY).
Josh – guitar/vocalist. He has played guitar from an early age and evolved into an in demand Rhythm & Blues guitarist. Josh performed as a soloist across the United States and Europe. He also toured and recorded with many groups including Livingston Taylor, Artie Traum and the great singer/songwriter Jesse Winchester. Josh was signed to EMI Europe and had a #1 hit in Italy with his group TiPiCal in the '90s. He eventually moved up to the Woodstock, NY area and continued to perform and record with musicians there. Josh is currently recording and performing with Professor Louie & the Crowmatix.

</doc>
<doc id="21497371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497371" title="1999 World Rowing Championships">
1999 World Rowing Championships

The 22nd World Rowing Championships were held between August 22 and August 29, 1999 in St. Catharines, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21497381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497381" title="Lower East Chezzetcook, Nova Scotia">
Lower East Chezzetcook, Nova Scotia

References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21497403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497403" title="2008 NPSL Season">
2008 NPSL Season

The 2008 National Premier Soccer League season was the 6th season of the NPSL. The season started in May, 2008, and ended with the NPSL Championship Game on August 3, 2008.
Pennsylvania Stoners finished the season as national champions, beating St. Paul Twin Stars in the NPSL Championship game in Uniondale, New York on 3 August 2008.
Pennsylvania Stoners forward Tom Ehrlich was named the National Premier Soccer League's Player of the Year. Tom Ehrlich was also the league's top scorer, with 11 goals.
Final standings.
"Purple indicates division title clinched"
Playoffs.
Divisional Rounds.
Sonoma County Sol 3-1 San Diego United<BR>
St. Paul Twin Stars beat Atlanta FC
Semi finals.
Pennsylvania Stoners beat Sonoma County Sol<BR>
St. Paul Twin Stars 1-1 Long Island Academy (St. Paul win 4-2 on penalties)
Final.
Pennsylvania Stoners 3-0 St. Paul Twin Stars

</doc>
<doc id="21497435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497435" title="Agra katewinsletae">
Agra katewinsletae

Agra katewinsletae is a species of carabid beetle named after English actress and singer Kate Winslet.

</doc>
<doc id="21497440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497440" title="Lower Three Fathom Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Lower Three Fathom Harbour, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21497447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497447" title="Stuart Cummings (rugby league)">
Stuart Cummings (rugby league)

Stuart Cummings MBE is the former Match Officials Director of the Rugby Football League and a former international referee.
Career.
He qualified as a Rugby League referee in 1988 and was awarded senior referee status in 1991. In his refereeing career, he took charge of over 400 first-grade games, including 4 Challenge Cup finals, 2 World Cup finals and 2 Grand Finals.
He was the former Rugby Football League Match Official's Director. In this position, he fielded questions from fans about refereeing decisions and explained the laws behind disputed or controversial decisions. His job also included dishing out appointments to other senior officials and also reviewing senior officials performances
He was also regularly featured on Rugby League live broadcasts to provide expert opinion.
Cummings was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to rugby league.
Personal life.
Prior to being the Match Officials Director, Cummings was a physical education teacher at a high school in Up Holland, near Wigan; refereeing at a weekend until taking up his position with the Rugby Football League full time in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21497448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497448" title="I.C. Brătianu">
I.C. Brătianu

I.C. Brătianu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21497451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497451" title="1991 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three">
1991 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three

Results from the 1991 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 11, 1991, in the Circuit de Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="21497460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497460" title="Khomasdal Stadium">
Khomasdal Stadium

Khomasdal Stadium is a stadium in Katutura, a township of Windhoek, Namibia. It was originally constructed school sports, church activities and youth groups but has become the main stadium for a number of Namibia's top professional football clubs, including Orlando Pirates, tigers, Civics, African Stars and Black Africa. It became the home stadium of those clubs when Sam Nujoma Stadium, which is also in Katutura, underwent changes due to FIFA regulations.
Facilities.
In February 2009, the Namibian newspaper reported that the stadium had no toilet facilities, no VIP section and very limited parking facilities. The stadium has only two exits, which is considered dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="21497480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497480" title="Julien Dupré">
Julien Dupré

Julien Dupré (1851–1910) was a French painter.
He was born in Paris on March 18, 1851 to Jean Dupré (a jeweler) and Pauline Bouillié and began his adult life working in a lace shop in anticipation of entering his family's jewelry business. The war of 1870 and the siege of Paris forced the closure of the shop and Julien began taking evening courses at the Ecole des Arts Décoratifs and it was through these classes that he gained admission to the École des Beaux-Arts.
At l'Ecole he studied with Isidore Pils (1813–1875) and Henri Lehmann (1814–1882). In the mid-1870s he traveled to Picardy and became a student of the rural genre painter Désiré François Laugée (1823–1896), whose daughter Marie Eléonore Françoise he would marry in 1876; the year he exhibited his first painting at the Paris Salon.
Throughout his career Dupré championed the life of the peasant and continued painting scenes in the areas of Normandy and Brittany until his death on April 16, 1910.
Research on his life and work is being conducted by Rehs Galleries, Inc., New York City

</doc>
<doc id="21497502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497502" title="Baeturia laureli">
Baeturia laureli

Baeturia laureli is a species of cicada named after comedian Stan Laurel. A similar species, "B. hardyi", was named after his partner Oliver Hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="21497517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497517" title="Baeturia hardyi">
Baeturia hardyi

Baeturia hardyi (de Boer, 1996) is a species of cicada named for comedian Oliver Hardy. A similar species, "B. laureli", was named after his partner Stan Laurel.

</doc>
<doc id="21497558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497558" title="Norm Green">
Norm Green

Norm Green (born November 3, 1956 as Norman Green) is an American director and executive producer.
Career.
Green directed the MTV documentary television series "I'm From Rolling Stone", which ran from January–March 2007. In 2008, Green directed docu-reality series episodes of A&E Network's paranormal investigative series "Paranormal State" and the WE tv's "The Locator".
Green directed the pilot of Tabloid Wars, a documentary series set in the newsroom of the New York Daily News, for Bravo, which debuted on July 24, 2006. In 2006, he produced another hour for Logo network's "Real Momentum", this time on the lives of gay Republicans. The episode, called "Elephant in the Room," aired on June 24, 2006.
In 2006, he traveled to Cambodia to executive produce and film "New Year Baby", the story of a family's flight from the Khmer Rouge. "New Year Baby" won Amnesty International's Movies That Matter Award at the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam. It currently tours film festivals around the world and airs on Independent Lens.
In 2005, Norm Green produced an hour-long documentary episode on the lives of gay Latinos called "Latino Beginnings" for Logo network's "Real Momentum". The episode aired on National Coming Out Day.
In 2004, he executive produced two hour-long episodes of cultural commentary for VH1's "The Greatest", "25 Greatest Rock Star Cameos" and "25 Greatest Commercials."
From 2000-2003, Green created profiles of young people overcoming adversity for the Children's Defense Fund.
Green produced Criminal: Punks vs. Preps, a documentary about the slaughter of Brian Deneke, which was released on October 3, 2000. "Criminal: Punks vs. Preps" is now in development as a feature film. In 2002, he produced another "True Life" episode called "I Have Embarrassing Parents."
In February 2000, Green won the NAACP Image Award for an episode of MTV's verité documentary television series "True Life" about racial profiling, called "I'm Driving While Black".
In 1996, Green produced a number of investigations for "Inside Edition". Topics included prisons, gangs, and drugs in Mexico, exploited garment workers in the Mariana Islands, and racism on television. He received an Overseas Press Club Citation for the program on workers in the Marianas.
Green traveled into the Bosnian war and post-war zone five times, where he drove a humanitarian aid truck and helped the new government to democratize their broadcast media. He contributed to "The New York Times'" web site "Bosnia: Uncertain Paths to Peace", the first web site nominated for the Pulitzer Prize.
Green teaches at New York University School of Continuing and Professional Studies.
Through his company Olive Eye Films, he currently has one feature film, two documentaries, and four television series in development and two pilots casting. Of these are "Devil Dolls", a documentary about the all-female motorcycle club of the same name, and "Hotel Cassadaga", a docu series that takes place in Cassadaga, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21497559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497559" title="Richard Nanney">
Richard Nanney

Richard Nanney (1691–1767) was an 18th-century evangelical priest in north Wales.
Life.
Nanney, who was born in 1691, studied at Jesus College, Oxford from 1710 onwards, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1714 and a Master of Arts degree in 1719. After his ordination, he was appointed vicar of Clynnog Fawr, Gwynedd in 1718 and rector of Llanaelhaearn in 1725, and was also a canon of Bangor Cathedral. He was a strong supporter (in word and in deed) of the circulating schools organised by Griffith Jones, with the school in Clynnog often meeting in the church. He was influenced by the Methodist revival and the contrast between the "apathy of his early years" and the "fruitful piety" of later life was noted. It was recorded that crowds of people came to hear him preach, from the parish and from further afield. He died in 1767.

</doc>
<doc id="21497571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497571" title="Lower Prospect, Nova Scotia">
Lower Prospect, Nova Scotia

Lower Prospect is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="21497578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497578" title="Library and Information Science Access Midwest Program">
Library and Information Science Access Midwest Program

Library and Information Science Access Midwest Program (LAMP) is an Institute of Museum and Library Services funded regional network of academic libraries and information science schools working on promoting careers in library and information science. The program looks for promising undergraduate students at its member institutions to participate in activities and events designed to increase their awareness of the profession. The program then provides financial and mentoring support for their graduate studies at one of the member schools. LAMP specifically seeks to encourage the participation of students from statistically and historically underrepresented populations in LIS.

</doc>
<doc id="21497585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497585" title="Lower Ship Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Lower Ship Harbour, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21497589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497589" title="Mastophora dizzydeani">
Mastophora dizzydeani

Mastophora dizzydeani is a species of spider named after baseball player Dizzy Dean. It uses a sticky ball on the end of a thread of webbing to catch its prey.

</doc>
<doc id="21497596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497596" title="Dunlavin Green">
Dunlavin Green

Dunlavin Green is an Irish ballad referring to the Dunlavin Green massacre which occurred in Dunlavin in Ireland in 1798 and resulted in the execution of 36 suspected rebel prisoners. The song is written from the perspective of a witness to the massacre. The song is one of the most popular Irish rebellion ballads and has been recorded numerous times in the last decade alone. 

</doc>
<doc id="21497612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497612" title="Liebesspieler">
Liebesspieler

"Liebesspieler" ("Love Player") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the only single and the second track from their album "Unter falscher Flagge".
The song is about a man, who goes to the horse race track to bet and win money. At first it seems that the horse (named Liebesspieler) is going to win, but the horse doesn't win and the money is lost.
The band had a session with DJ John Peel on 30 June 1984 and they released the songs as b-sides to the single.
There is also an English version of the song on "Love, Peace & Money", titled "Love Is Here".

</doc>
<doc id="21497620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497620" title="Leon Rosen">
Leon Rosen

Leon Rosen (March 1869, Warsaw – 16 August 1942, New York) was an American chess master. 
Born in Warsaw, Poland (then Russian Empire), he left for Paris, France, and next emigrated to the United States. He took 4th at Paris 1896 (Dawid Janowski won), and took 14th in the Paris 1900 chess tournament (Emanuel Lasker won). In that time, he appeared on the New York 1900 Census. He took 18th at Excelsior 1905 (U.S. Open Chess Championship, Edward F. Schrader won), took 2nd, after Julius Finn, in the 1907 New York State championship, took 2nd, behind Clarence S. Howell, at Trenton Falls 1908 ("Quadrangular"). In 1909, he shared 1st with Manuel Ayala and Otto Roething in the Manhattan CC championship. In January 1910, Rosen, "the Parisian expert", beat José Raúl Capablanca (third round), Jacob Rosenthal (semi-final), and J. Marder (final), and won in the Rice Chess Club tournament in New York. 
Rosen played in several matches in New York; Manhattan CC vs. Franklin CC (1909), Rice CC vs. Brooklyn CC (1909), Brooklyn CC vs. Rice CC (1909), Manhattan CC vs. Franklin CC (1910, 1911, 1912). He participated in American Chess Bulletin tournament in 1914/15, and in the 1923 New York Metropolitan team tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21497623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497623" title="Norasaphus monroeae">
Norasaphus monroeae

Norasaphus monroeae is a species of trilobite named after Marilyn Monroe for its hourglass-like shape 

</doc>
<doc id="21497628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497628" title="Liscomb Sanctuary, Nova Scotia">
Liscomb Sanctuary, Nova Scotia

The Liscomb sanctuary was established in 1928. There have been some revisions of the
boundaries since then, most recently in 1983. Total area is 43,244 hectares, of which 12,836
hectares is privately owned. There is some overlap with the Alder Ground wilderness area and
the Boggy Lake wilderness area so 844 hectares are designated both sanctuary and wilderness
area.Hunting and trapping were originally prohibited but since1996 there has been a short
hunting season each fall with muzzle loading firearms only. (1)
The Liscomb game sanctuary is of ecological importance due to its old growth red spruce forests.(2) It is also habitat for white tailed deer and the endangered mainland Nova Scotia moose. It was one of the last areas left to contain caribou. There is current contention amongst wilderness groups as to whether forest harvesting practices involving clear cutting are affecting wildlife.(3)The Forest Products Association of Nova Scotia contends that the presence of even aged forest stands is due to wild fire rather than harvesting practice.(4) 
The Liscomb Game Sanctuary is of geological importance as it is part of the Quartzite Barrens of Nova Scotia which historically produced lots of gold.(5)

</doc>
<doc id="21497634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497634" title="Tim McKenzie">
Tim McKenzie

Tim McKenzie is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division. He has fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, World Extreme Cagefighting, Pancrase, Bodog Fight and Tachi Palace Fights.
Mixed martial arts career.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
McKenzie made his debut for the pre-Zuffa owned WEC at WEC 6 on March 27, 2003. McKenzie won via TKO in the first round.
McKenzie then won his next four consecutive fights, bringing his career record to an undefeated 7-0 before making his next WEC appearance at WEC 10 against Alex Stiebling. McKenzie was handed his first professional loss via arm-triangle choke in the second round. McKenzie made his next promotional appearance at WEC 17 against Scott Smith and was defeated via first-round TKO.
After the loss to Smith, McKenzie fought Doug Marshall at WEC 17 and won in dominating fashion, finishing the future WEC Light Heavyweight Champion in the first round via TKO. After a loss to Steve Cantwell via rear-naked choke submission at WEC 33, McKenzie made his last appearance for the promotion at WEC 34 against Jeremy Lang and won via guillotine choke submission in the third round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
McKenzie made his UFC debut at on April 1, 2009 against Aaron Simpson. McKenzie was defeated in the first round via TKO.
Post-UFC.
Since leaving the UFC, McKenzie has gone 2-3 in his last five fights. McKenzie most recently competed on April 16, 2011 at Showdown Fights: Shootout against Jordan Smith. McKenzie won via knockout 11 seconds into the fight.

</doc>
<doc id="21497644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497644" title="Shridhar Ramachandra Gadre">
Shridhar Ramachandra Gadre

Shridhar Ramachandra Gadre (born May 20, 1950) is an Indian scientist working in computational quantum and theoretical chemistry.
Education and early work.
Professor Gadre got his undergraduate and master's degrees at the University of Pune. He did his Ph.D. with Professor P. T. Narasimhan at the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India. Following his Ph.D. he did post-doctoral work with Professor Robert Parr at the University of North Carolina and Robert Matcha at the University of Houston. During his post-doctoral work, Gadre carried out research in density functional theory and on rigorous inequalities in quantum chemistry.
Career.
After returning to India, Gadre joined as a lecturer at the Department of Chemistry of University of Pune and became a Professor of Physical Chemistry in 1988. Since joining the University of Pune, Gadre's work has focused on the study of molecular scalar fields and their topographical characteristics. In 1985 he proposed a new maximum entropy principle which has been since investigated by other researchers. Gadre has been at the forefront of investigating chemical reactivity and weak interactions through the use of molecular electrostatics potentials and momentum densities. Gadre has also contributed to algorithms and codes for efficiently parallelizing quantum chemical ab inito calculations. Recently he has pioneered a technique called the Molecular Tailoring Approach that seeks to calculate accurate one-electron properties for large molecules by breaking down the molecules into fragments and then combining calculations on individual fragments. This approach is now extended to perform geometry optimization as well as Hessian (vibrational frequency) calculation of large molecules in an efficient manner even on a common personal computer.
In 1995 Professor Gadre founded the Interdisciplinary school of scientific computing at the University of Pune and has since served as its Director. He has authored and co-authored over 185 articles in high-impact journals such as the Journal of the American Chemical Society and the Journal of Chemical Physics. He has mentored 17 Ph.D. students and 45 Masters degree students. Professor Gadre has also authored, co-authored several book chapters.
He is known for his contributions to the growth of computational technologies in Chemistry, Physics and scientific computing in India.
He moved to the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India on July 22, 2010. 
Awards and honors.
For his contributions, Professor Gadre was elected a fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences in 1992 and the Indian National Science Academy in 1996 and received the prestigious Shantiswarup Bhatnagar Award in Chemistry (1993), awarded every year by the President of India to select scientist below the age of 40 who have made notable contributions to science. Since 2000 Professor Gadre has also been closely associated with the Indian and International Chemistry Olympiads.
Professor Gadre is a recipient of various awards and honors.

</doc>
<doc id="21497658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497658" title="Chevalier de Johnstone">
Chevalier de Johnstone

James Johnstone (1719 – c. 1800), also known as Chevalier de Johnstone, and who sometimes signed himself as Johnstone de Moffatt was an army officer who took part in the Jacobite Rising of 1745 and the Seven Years' War. He is notable for his memoirs.
Johnstone joined the Jacobite Army in Perth shortly after the raising of the standard at Glenfinnan in 1745. He was twenty-six years old, and according to John Prebble, was "as proud of his kinship with Scots nobility as any Highlander". He served as aide-de-camp both to Lord George Murray and to Charles Edward Stuart, and fought with the Jacobites through the remainder of the campaign. He was present at the Battle of Culloden and, according to his memoirs, charged to within 20 yards of the Government lines before taking flight with the rest of the Jacobites. After Culloden, Johnstone had a number of narrow escapes, he hid in the Highlands for a while before deciding to venture to Edinburgh where he had more friends who could aid his escape. He later went to London, finally making his way to Holland disguised as a servant to Lady Jean Douglas. Johnstone later served the French in Canada, and wrote an account of the Siege of Louisbourg (1758) and the campaign of 1760.

</doc>
<doc id="21497660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497660" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1983">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1983

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1983 took place on 20 November 1983.
Results.
Regional totals.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Trentino.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
South Tyrol.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region

</doc>
<doc id="21497682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497682" title="Chiba Castle">
Chiba Castle


</doc>
<doc id="21497684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497684" title="Sylvilagus palustris hefneri">
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri

Sylvilagus palustris hefneri (Lazell, 1984), common name Lower Keys Marsh Rabbit, is an endangered subspecies of Marsh Rabbit named after "Playboy" founder Hugh Hefner.
General.
"S. p. hefneri" was federally recognized as an endangered species on June 21, 1990. The urbanized Florida Keys have left the rabbits with a very small home range, making them more vulnerable to threats such as pollution, vehicular road kill, and predation by stray cats. Forys and Humphrey (1999) predicted a gradual decline in "S. p. hefneri" abundance and extinction within 50 years (of 1995). The Lower Keys marsh rabbit population is estimated to contain approximately 150 individuals. In 2008, LaFever "et al." performed viability assays to determine current extinction rates. They predicted extinction within 10 years if action is not taken immediately. They recommend urgent management of predatory stray cats, and restoration of marshes as possible solutions to reduce the extinction rate of "S. p. hefneri".
Phylogeny.
The subspecies was first described in a publication in the "Journal of Mammalogy" in 1984 by James D. Lazell Jr, after his research was funded in part by a generous contribution from the Playboy Corporation. The Lower Keys Marsh rabbit was then named in honor of Hugh M. Hefner in recognition of the financial support received by his corporation.
Size.
"S. p. hefneri" are small-to-medium sized of 320 to 380 mm in length and 2.20 to 3.08 pounds. Their hind feet range from 65 to 80 mm and their ears range from 45 to 62 mm in length. S. p. hefneri is the smallest of the three marsh rabbit subspecies, the others being "Sylvilagus palustris paludicola" and "Sylvilagus palustris palustris". These rabbits do not appear to be sexually dimorphic.
Appearance.
The pelage of "S. p. hefneri" is short with dark brown fur and a greyish-white belly, and their tails are dark brown. "S. p. hefneri" is the smaller than the mainland marsh rabbit ("S. p. palustris") and Upper Keys marsh rabbits ("S. p. paludicola") and is distinguished by its dark fur. "S. p. hefneri" also differs from "S. p. palustris" and "S. p. paludicola" in several cranial characteristics. The Lower Keys marsh rabbit has a shorter molariform tooth row, higher and more convex frontonasal profile, broader cranium, and elongated dentary symphysis.
Range.
The "S. p. hefneri" has been isolated to the Keys by the rise in sea level and human inhabitation to the local area. This isolation may be the cause for the speciation from the Upper Keys Marsh Rabbit, "Sylvilagus palustris paludicola". Forys et al. determined the habitat occupied of "S. p. hefneri" to be 317 ha (792.5 acres) in 1995 with 81 suitable habitats. In 1996, Forys refined the habitat to be about 253 ha (632.5 acres). An average home range of 0.32 ha was determined in 1999. This range includes a few of the larger Lower Keys, specifically, Boca Chica, Saddlebunch, Sugarloaf, and Big Pine Keys and the small islands near these Keys. From 2001 to 2005, Faulhaber et al. surveyed the predetermined habitat to establish a current habitat range. They determined the median size of occupied patches was 2.1 ha, (5.25 acres) with an interquartile range of 0.8-5.0 ha (range = 0.1-51.2 ha). This data is representative of 112 patches of occupied "S. p. hefneri" habitat (547.1 ha = total). Please note this data represents an increased search area rather than an increased rabbit number. There was a net loss (—6) in patch occupancy between the 2001-2005 and 1988-1995 survey periods. Possible reasons attributing to this loss are stray cat predation, rise in sea level, and storm surges from hurricanes.
Habitat.
"S. p. hefneri" is habitat specific choosing higher elevations within salt marsh or freshwater marsh but depend on herbaceous plants for food, cover and nesting. This vegetation includes species such as, sawgrass ("Cladium jamiacense"), seashore dropseed ("Sporobolus virginicus"), and cordgrass ("Spartina spp."). Lower Keys marsh rabbits prefer areas with high amounts of clump grass, ground cover, and "Borrichia frutescens" present, areas closer to other existing marsh rabbit populations, and areas close to large bodies of water.
Foraging.
"S. p. hefneri" is diet specific choosing particular vegetation; however foraging strategies are not affected by sex or seasonality. The major vegetative species found in the Keys include grasses ("Monanthochloe littoralis", "Fimbristylis castanea"); succulent herbs ("Borrichia frutescens", "Batis maritima", "Salicornia virginica"); sedges ("Cyperus" spp.); and sparse tree cover ("Conocarpus erectus" and "Pithecellobium guadalupense"). "S. p. hefneri" will eat a variety of these species but they prefer "Borrichia frutescens", which is common in the mid-saltmarsh area. The marsh rabbit spends most of its time feeding in the mid- and high- marsh areas.
Behavior.
Faulhaber et al. conducted a study in 2006 to survey the diurnal habits seen in "S. p. hefneri" to ultimately provide conservationists with appropriate parameters for habitat extension. They determined that when "S. p. hefneri" were in brackish wetlands they typically clustered together in patches of saltmarsh or buttonwoods. And when in freshwater wetlands they typically clustered together in patches of freshwater hardwoods.
Reproduction.
"S. p. hefneri" produce fewer offspring, at an average of 3.7 litters per year, compared to other marsh rabbits at 5.7 litters per year. Sexual maturity in "S. p. hefneri" begins at about nine months of age. Researchers have found that the majority of males disperse at this time, yet females remain in their home range. "S. p. hefneri" are polygamous and do not display an apparent seasonal breeding pattern.
Threats.
"S. p. hefneri" is considered an endangered species and is threatened by many different sources such as habitat alteration, contaminants, vehicular traffic, dumping, poaching, domestic animals, feral hogs, fire ants, sea level rise and exotic vegetation. (14,) More than half the area of suitable "S. p. hefneri" habitat has been destroyed for construction of residential housing, commercial facilities, utility lines, roads, or other infrastructure in the Lower Keys. Most of the remaining suitable habitat has been degraded by exotic invasive plants, repeated mowing, dumping of trash, and off-road vehicle use. Invasive species such as the Gambian rat ("Cricetomys gambianus"), boa constrictors ("Boa constrictor"), ball pythons ("Python regius"), and reticulated pythons ("P. reticulatus") are new threats to "S. p. hefneri". However, the greatest current threat to S. p. hefneri high mortality from stray cats.
Conservation.
Many biologists and such have taken a close look at "S. p. hefneri" to determine and implement current conservation efforts. Action is currently underway at the species level and the habitat level. The most prominent method of conservation of "S. p. hefneri" is reintroducing the rabbits to unoccupied but potentially suitable patches Faulhaber et al. created a plan to restore or enhance key macro- and microhabitat more effectively by preventing harmful intrusion by humans, connecting isolated habitat patches, and mitigating barriers to rabbit movement. LaFever et al. demonstrate the use of population viability analysis as a conservation planning tool for reducing human wildlife conflicts. Crouse et al. conducted a genetic analysis comparing haplotypes in mitochondrial DNA to identify barriers in gene flow. 
Other possible methods into habitat conservation are:
Species-level conservation action is as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="21497688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497688" title="Blackburn Airedale">
Blackburn Airedale

The Blackburn R.2 Airedale was a single-engine three-seat monoplane deck-landing aircraft for land and sea reconnaissance, built in the UK in 1924. Only two were built.
Development.
The Airedale was designed by F.A.Bumpus to Air Ministry specifications R.37/22 calling for a three-seat deck-landing reconnaissance aircraft intended to replace the Fleet Air Arm's Blackburn B.1 Blackburn and the Avro 555 Bison. Unlike the B.1, it was a monoplane with a high wing for good visibility.
The wooden-sparred thick wing was of low aspect ratio, with a maximum chord section of about 38% of the span. This chord was maintained from about ¼-½ the span with a much narrower centre section to improve vision; the wing tips were very square. The wings, braced with N-type struts to the fuselage, could be folded by rotation around an inclined axis so that they lay chord-vertical alongside the fuselage for storage aboard an aircraft carrier.
The fuselage was of semi-monocoque construction with ash longerons and a plywood covering. At the front was a metal mounting for the uncowled 385 hp (286 kW) Armstrong Siddeley Jaguar III radial engine and at the rear an empennnage similar to that that of the B.1. The second prototype carried small stabilising fins on the underside of the tailplane. The main undercarriage was of the single axle type complemented by a tailskid. During development the undercarriage was strengthened with two extra struts forward of the main axle which carried arrester claws at each end for deck-landing. These engaged with the fore and aft wires used on Royal Navy carriers up to 1926.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit forward of the wing for optimum visibility during deck landings and behind him in an enclosed, windowed cabin were the navigator and wireless operator, who could access an open gunner's position further aft. The pilot was able to enter the cabin if needed, in which case the navigator could fly the aircraft from a rear folding seat provided with duplicate controls.
Operational history.
Two Airedales were built, the first in 1924 for trials against the Hawker Hedgehog. It crashed after these trials and a second Airedale went to Martlesham Heath for testing in 1926. It was judged not to have offer sufficient performance advantage over the B.1 and the Bison, and no orders followed. Blackburn considered a biplane derivative with a more powerful engine, the R.3A, but this remained on the drawing-board.

</doc>
<doc id="21497753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497753" title="Zappa confluentus">
Zappa confluentus

Zappa confluentus, the New Guinea slender mudskipper, endemic to New Guinea where it is only known from the lower parts of the Fly, Ramu and Bintuni Rivers. It is found on mudflats adjacent to turbid rivers. This species can reach a length of SL.
Etymology.
Zappa was named after musician Frank Zappa "for his articulate and sagacious defense of the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution".

</doc>
<doc id="21497759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497759" title="Saflieni phase">
Saflieni phase

The Saflieni phase is one of the eleven phases of Maltese prehistory. It is named for the Ħal-Saflieni Hypogeum, an underground temple complex now recognised as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
The Saflieni phase, from approximately 3300-3000 BCE, follows the Ġgantija phase and precedes the Tarxien phase in the Temple period, and is one of the three phases during which the principal megalithic temples of Malta were built.

</doc>
<doc id="21497763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497763" title="Saqqaq Heliport">
Saqqaq Heliport

Saqqaq Heliport is a heliport in Saqqaq, a village on the Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Disko Bay region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specifed during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day. Settlement flights in the Disko Bay and Aasiaat Archipelago regions are unique in that they are operated only during winter and spring. During summer and autumn, communication between settlements is by sea only, serviced by Diskoline.

</doc>
<doc id="21497769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497769" title="Pace Settlement, Nova Scotia">
Pace Settlement, Nova Scotia

Pace Settlement is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21497772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497772" title="Sean F. Scott">
Sean F. Scott

Sean Forrester Scott (May 20, 1969 – February 9, 2009) was a self-educated American disease activist and researcher, filmmaker, innovator, entrepreneur and until the time of his death, the President of the ALS Therapy Development Institute, the world's largest amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS/Lou Gehrig’s disease) research center. Scott himself was diagnosed with ALS in 2008 at the age of 38. 
Activism.
Scott became active with ALSTDI when his mother Vanna was diagnosed with ALS in 2001. Four more of Vanna's seven siblings succumbed to the familial form of the disease by 2007, and Sean Scott eventually was diagnosed with the disease himself in 2009. Beginning as a volunteer, Scott assumed the management and direction of the research and development program. He quickly became a leader, teaching himself neurobiology and reading the anthology of publications on potential therapeutics. Under his leadership, the research organization pioneered new pharmacological, surgical, study design and statistical techniques for study of the G93A-SOD1 mouse model of the disease. 
In 2008, Scott was lead author of a landmark publication in The Journal Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis that described guidelines for experimental design of studies evaluating therapeutics in the mouse model. The work identified crucial errors present in many existing preclinical ALS studies. Scott’s effort to establish standard model guidelines for preclinical development in ALS was featured in Nature in August 2008. Scott also developed an information management system used by researchers allowing for greater collaboration between research groups and the streamlining of experiments and processes. He focused on building the system and infrastructure needed to execute the largest ALS assault possible. With a system in place and working, Scott focused on ensuring scientists in the lab had the resources required to act on the best ideas quickly, and sought out the funding needed to speed up the process. 
In 2006, Scott’s effort to fund the ongoing research led him to Augie Nieto and Sharon Hesterlee. The ambitious $36 million partnership brokered between ALSTDI, Augie’s Quest and the Muscular Dystrophy Association, a partnership that survives Scott, allowed for major expansion of the institute’s efforts to include the identification of genes that behave unusually in ALS and to determine how those differences affect the disease.
Personal life.
Scott was married in 2008 to longtime companion Nancy Kelly, who was also involved in ALS activism. Scott lived in San Francisco, California with his wife until his death, and is also survived by his father Richard Scott and uncle, Edward W. Scott.
Scott earned an undergraduate degree in rhetoric from the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="21497783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497783" title="Clamshell">
Clamshell

Clamshell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21497796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497796" title="Pleasant Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Pleasant Harbour, Nova Scotia

Like most harbors, it is not landlocked.

</doc>
<doc id="21497800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497800" title="Gameforge">
Gameforge

Gameforge is a provider of online games. It represents a group of companies that operates internationally and has its headquarters in Karlsruhe, Germany. It distributes roughly 20 games, translated into over 50 languages with about 400 million registered users. Their portfolio contains client-based massively multiplayer online games (MMOGs) such as Aion, TERA, Metin2, Runes of Magic, Wizard101 and S.K.I.L.L. Special Force 2 as well as browser-based online games such as OGame, BiteFight or Ikariam. They also operate mobile games. Gameforge employs a staff of over 500 and was founded by its Chief Executive Officer Alexander Rösner and former CEO Klaas Kersting in 2003.
Gameforge uses the global payment service Xsolla.
Business Model.
Gameforge was one of the first companies in Europe to offer its games using the free-to-play business model. Game access and clients are mostly free of charge. The products are financed by shop systems where players can buy comfort and service functions such as mounts to ride, or equipment and personalisations for a little money. Gameforge was one of the first western companies to adapt to this invariably important business model that has its origins in Asia.
History.
The company was founded in December 2003 under the name of Gameforge GmbH in Karlsruhe by Alexander Rösner and Klaas Kersting. One of the company’s first titles was OGame which Alexander Rösner had developed prior to the company foundation all by himself. In September 2006, the company’s legal structure was converted into an incorporated company which took the name Gameforge AG. It functions as a holding of the affiliated company Gameforge 4D GmbH. Gameforge currently operates and markets twelve client-based online games, nine browser games and five mobile games.
2003 to 2010.
The years from 2006 to 2010 were characterised by a strong growth in the number of players and employees. In 2007, the company had about 100 employees; the number increased to 200 by the end of 2008, to 360 by the end of 2009 and finally, to 450 in 2010 (650 including those from Frogster Interactive Pictures AG). In November 2011, the company announced a realignment of internal structures. Following the integration of Gameforge and Frogster's operating units, "Client Games" and "Web Games" were replaced with "Development" and "Publishing" sections. In addition to structural measures, the workforce was reduced and products that were not meeting expectations were adjusted. In 2009, the company reached the mark of 100 million registered players. By the end of 2010, the number grew to 200 million and, in 2011, to 300 million. The number currently stands (December 2013) at about 400 million registered players.
In 2007, Gameforge founded its first foreign branch, Gameforge SARL, established in Paris. After buying French development studio Nevrax, the subsidiary was commissioned to market the game “The Saga of Ryzom”. It was only a moderate success, leading to the sale of Ryzom in 2009. Gameforge owned other offices abroad, including Gameforge Holding Malta Ltd. with headquarters in Pietà. In November 2007, Gameforge ventured into the U.S. market as the first German online games company and founded Gameforge Productions Inc. based in San Francisco. Lars Koschin was placed in charge of branch management overseas.
On April 23rd 2008, Gameforge announced the establishment of four development studios. “Ticking Bomb Games”, based in Hamburg, was to develop several PC games, then be marketed by Gameforge. Managing directors were Tobias Severin and Marco Schultz; who both already had many years of experience in the game development field. Ralf C. Adam was introduced as a consultant, allowing them to make use of his 16 years’ professional experience. Their first game, Gilde1400, a browser game based on PC game “The Guild”, was released late October 2009. The beta phase ran for two weeks before it was published.
The end of January 2009 brought the establishment of the second developer, “Rough Sea Games”, based in Mannheim, Germany. Just like Ticking Bomb, the studio was to take over development of PC and browser games. Matthias Schindler was elected CEO. He had been working in the game development for 15 years.
In addition to the Hamburg and Mannheim studios, the company also co-operated with two other development studios: “Steroid Interactive” (Mainz) and “Inflammables” (Heidelberg). All four studios were gradually decommissioned: the offices in Hamburg, Mainz and Mannheim were sold on 1st of January 2011; Inflammables closed with the end of Hellbreed in late 2011.
At the end of 2008, the foundation of a subsidiary in the United States together with Frogster Interactive Pictures AG was unveiled. Gameforge was to be the primary stakeholder with 75 percent and following the purchase of 470,000 shares it was to then have acquired a stake of up to 20 percent from Frogster. However this joint venture was not achieved: conflicts of interest arose regarding the details. The company chose instead to become active with its own subsidiary, Frogster America Inc.
2010 onwards.
On March 19th, 2010, Klaas Kersting, former CEO of Gameforge AG, announced his departure from the company. 
During 2010 Gameforge took a majority stake in Frogster Interactive Pictures AG, further expanding its share. On July 3rd, 2012, a rebranding of its subsidiary Frogster Interactive Pictures AG and associated subsidiary companies was announced. Frogster was renamed Gameforge Berlin AG, subsidiary Frogster Online Gaming GmbH was merged into Gameforge Berlin AG. Frogster America Inc. was renamed to Gameforge America Inc. Frogster Pacific GmbH to Gameforge Pacific GmbH.
Starting 2011, an increasing saturation of the entire industry began to spread. Though sales still made up EUR 133 million in 2010, in 2011 it rose only to EUR 140 million. This was despite the number of players rising by a third from 200 million (August 2010) to 300 million (August 2011).The result was the dismissal of 100 employees in November 2011, as well as the shutdown of recently launched games Hellbreed and Mythos. Production of the much-anticipated Star Trek: Infinite Space was postponed and, after an unsuccessful search for a co-publisher, finally stopped a year later. Frogster even had a sales decline of 16% on the previous year. Competitors such as Zynga and Bigpoint also had similar problems, leading to layoffs and closures of subsidiaries and games.
In January 2012, Gameforge sold subsidiary Chili Entertainment GmbH to Hitfox for an undisclosed amount. The online advertising portal Ad2Games was sold with it.
In the second half of 2012, Gameforge ventured into the mobile games market. This began with five "first generation" games, all very similar in gameplay. These games are free of charge to download and finance themselves via a built-in shop and micropayment system. In early 2013, Crystal Runner: The Forgotten Caves, a more complex “second generation” mobile title, was published. Players had to pay a fee for installation. Mobile games were already contributing several million euros to consolidated revenues in 2013.
Furthermore, Special Force II became the first shooter the company has ever licensed. The company’s most recent pay-to-play title, TERA, which had monthly costs for game access, was released in May 2012 and then converted to the company’s usual free-to-play model in February 2013. This means that (with the exception of one single mobile game) all games that the company offers are free to play and are financed through micropayments.
In November 2012, it was announced that the marketing departments of offices in Berlin and Karlsruhe were to be merged, leading to 20 jobs being cut within marketing, PR and business development. In the same month, the company announced a separation from the former CEO of Frogster Online Gaming GmbH, Seth Iorio. A closure of the Berlin site was not considered. On April 22nd 2013, Gameforge revealed that the location in Berlin was to be dissolved from the 30th of September 2013. Organizational and economic motives were stated as reasons. CEO Alexander Rösner announced that the remaining 150 (approx.) employees were offered continued employment at the Karlsruhe offices.
In 2008, Gameforge won the Red Herring 100 Europe Award as the only German game company. Additionally, the two founders and former CEOs Klaas Kersting and Alexander Rösner were elected entrepreneurs of the year in 2008. 
In the years 2008 and 2009, Gameforge won the Technology Fast 50 Award. While Gameforge won the award in the category "Rising Stars" in 2008, the company was already entered in the normal category in 2009 and was able to reach second place with a 5-year growth of 6261.19 or 19 percent, more than 2000 percent ahead of Bigpoint GmbH, their closest competitor. Likewise, Gameforge won two Stevie Awards as the "Most Innovative Company of the Year in Europe" and "Best New Product or Service of the Year - Media & Entertainment " in 2009 and was able to prevail against Bigpoint. In the same year, the company won the "Technology Pioneer" award presented by the World Economic Forum Davos.
In 2010, Gameforge was named "TOP JOB: Top Employer" and "Great Place to Work" in the context of "100 Best Companies to Work for in Germany 2010". 
In 2011, “Computerwoche” placed Alexander Rösner at number 42 of the 100 "most important figures in the German IT". In addition, Gameforge won a "Stevie International Business Award" for the games portal Gameforge.com as well as a "Distinguished Honoree" award for the Star Trek: Infinite Space trailer.
In 2012, further awards followed, with the Red Herring Award and the Silver Award at the International Business Awards (Stevies).
Controversy.
Gameforge has in late 2013 and early 2014 received negative response from its community in TERA, for its continuous release of more and more "Pay-to-win" and cosmetics options costing upwards of €200 each, but has thus far failed to respond to any of the criticism.

</doc>
<doc id="21497801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497801" title="John B. Marks">
John B. Marks

John Bennet Marks (1777 – March 7, 1872) was a naval clerk, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Frontenac in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1836 to 1841 as a Conservative.
He was born in Plymouth, England. Marks joined the Royal Navy in 1793 and later came to Upper Canada. He served as purser for the Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard during the War of 1812. He was secretary to Commodore Robert Barrie from 1819 to 1834 and a naval storekeeper in Kingston from 1834 to 1844. He was the patron of St. Mark's church, Barriefield. Marks retired to a farm near Barriefield. He served as a colonel in the militia and was a justice of the peace for the Midland District. Marks died in Kingston.

</doc>
<doc id="21497806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497806" title="Veritas Varsity Private School">
Veritas Varsity Private School

Veritas Varsity Private School, is a private, non-parochial, independent and coeducational college preparatory high school located in Lorena, TX, serving Waco, TX and McLennan County, TX. The school was organized in the summer of 2008 for a fall 2009 opening. Veritas Varsity is a three-year regimen rather than the traditional four-year program. Students can earn up to 9.5 credits each year they are enrolled in the program. All Texas-mandated minimum objectives for high school graduation are met or exceeded at the school. 
The campus consists of two buildings on in Waco's ETJ (extraterritorial jurisdiction), located just off the Old Lorena Highway and Mourning Dove Lane. Laptop computers are issued to all students and replace traditional textbooks as a primary learning resource. 
The schedule and program of study have been adapted to accommodate domestic and foreign travel experiences for the students. Three days of academic, block scheduling permit two days of the weekly calendar being available for local and regional field trips, seminars, retreats, and other special learning events. 
A Humanities course of study, including both history and English, in addition to a rigorous math and science regimen constitute the core curriculum for the Veritas program. Additionally, participation in a fine arts program, including choral and instrumental music as well as visual and performing art (drama), is a requirement for all students. The school places a strong emphasis on a business program that includes shadowing and internship experiences in additional to more traditional business classes.
Although a college-preparatory program, Veritas Varsity works closely with students to help them develop life skills essential for success in the business world and community at large. These skills include a strong work ethic, a recognition of personal responsibility and accountability, a spirit of cooperation with team focus, the ability to think critically and logically, the ability to problem-solve, and communication skills to enable effective interaction with others.

</doc>
<doc id="21497807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497807" title="Watermill Museum Brüglingen">
Watermill Museum Brüglingen

The Watermill Museum Brüglingen (Mühlemuseum Brüglingen) is housed within the former watermill and stands in the lower plain of Brüglingen, in the sub-district ""Neue Welt"", Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.
Geographical location.
The geographical area Brüglingen is a plain region that lies along the western bank of the river Birs between "St. Jacob an der Birs" (now part of Basel) and Münchenstein. The region called ""Neue Welt"" (the new world) evolved as the industry started to establish itself around the upper end of the "St. Alban-Teich", an artificial canal constructed during the 12th century to bring water and water power to the industry in Basel.
The late Gothic mill is situated directly below the Villa Merian and its English Garden. The Villa stands upon the elevated area above the Brüglinger plain.
History.
The hamlet and the mill between ""Neue Welt"" and "St. Jakob an der Birs" are mentioned in a deed in 1259 as being owned by the Basel Dompropstei (Provost's Church). Until the 16th century the mill was worked by a tenant who, in return, held the milling monopoly for the Dompropstei estate. Because the mill was situated upon a small hamlet of the river Birs, its existence was subject to flooding or water shortage.
In the 16th century the mill was rebuilt and during the years 1624/25, the canal was prolonged through Brüglingen and the former watermill stood on the bank of the hamlet that was exploited for this prolongation towards the Birs waterfall in Münchenstein, from where the water is sidetracked. In 1777 the mill was refurbished to the inhabit the miller.
In 1811 Christoph Merians senior bought the Brüglingen farm with the mill. In 1824 he gave it to his son Christoph Merian as wedding present. The Christoph Merian Stiftung refurbished the mill 1824 to a grain mill. Operating the mill continued until 1925, as from when it was used solely for storing grain for the estate.
The building has been used since 1966 as museum. New museum strategies were entered in 2002 and now the former watermill offers an exhibition on the history of the mill and millers’ daily work from the Bronze Age up to the present day. The mill and the grinder are still functional, therefore the museum shows the entire process from the water wheel to the water powered mechanism of the rotating mill wheel and grinders.

</doc>
<doc id="21497811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497811" title="Seaforth, Nova Scotia">
Seaforth, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21497845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497845" title="Rondell Jones">
Rondell Jones

Rondell Tony Jones (born May 7, 1971 in Sunderland, Maryland) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21497854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497854" title="Naret Sukngam">
Naret Sukngam

Naret Sukngam, born December 6, 1976 is a member of the Thailand national beach soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="21497864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497864" title="Fraser T Smith production discography">
Fraser T Smith production discography

This is a listing of all Fraser T Smith's credits for writing, production and guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="21497877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497877" title="1995 AFC Women's Championship">
1995 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1995 AFC Women's Championship was held from September 23 to October 2, 1995 in Malaysia. The tournament was won by for the fifth consecutive time by China in the final against Japan.
First round.
Best teams in second place.
"In 4 team group's against bottom team record was excluded."

</doc>
<doc id="21497880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497880" title="Anthony Blaylock">
Anthony Blaylock

Anthony Darius Blaylock (born February 21, 1965 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Cleveland Browns, the San Diego Chargers, and the Chicago Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="21497882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497882" title="CollegeWeekLive">
CollegeWeekLive

CollegeWeekLive is a free, online college fair which features approximately one hundred colleges and universities worldwide. On average, more than 50,000 people visit the CollegeWeekLive website each month. where CollegeWeekLive website visitors can watch video presentations which feature admissions experts, and participate in live video and text chats. CollegeWeekLive periodically features promotions or scholarship drawings for those who log in.
Features.
Each CollegeWeekLive fair includes keynote presentations, information on student financial aid, college admission trends and live interactive question and answer discussions with admission representations. Participants can also video chat with students currently enrolled in selected colleges who offer their options and perspective on their schools and college life.
CollegeWeekLive has partnered with the College Board and Federal Student Aid, an office of the U.S. Department of Education and the United States Department of State and Univision to deliver information to parents and students on the college application process as well as scholarship and financial aid tools to assist students and parents.
Events.
CollegeWeekLive hosts virtual events year round. These include monthly college fairs, topical events such as Study Abroad Day, International Day, STEM/Health Sciences Day, or Transfer Day and events which feature a specific college.
Speakers.
Each virtual event features video chat and keynote speakers. Recent speakers have included Harlan Cohen, author of "The Naked Roommate", Lynn O'Shaughnessy, blogger for CBS MoneyWatch, Dr. Gary Gruber, author of "The Gruber Guide" and Elizabeth Scott, About.com writer and life coach.
History.
The first CollegeWeekLive online college fair was in November 2007. The company expanded the number and type of college admissions events offered each subsequent year. Each online college fair has featured 20–60 hours of live presentations from admissions experts. CollegeWeekLive makes this content available to audiences on demand if they are unable to attend the live show.
In October 2012 the company announced the CollegeWeekLive Advisor Center, an online resource designed for high school guidance counselors that features lesson plans and videos tailored to aiding students in the college search process.
In January 2013 the company expanded its executive team.
In April 2013 the company released the College Chat mobile application to the Google Play store, to lukewarm reviews, and an average rating of 2.9 stars out of 5. 
Press.
CollegeWeekLive has been featured in the media including ABC News, The Washington Post, Fox 25 News, the San Francisco Chronicle, Business Week, USA Today and The New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="21497895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497895" title="Psephophorus terrypratchetti">
Psephophorus terrypratchetti

Psephophorus terrypratchetti is a species of Eocene turtle identified from the fossil record. It is named after the author Terry Pratchett who wrote a series of fantasy books set on a world carried on the back of a giant turtle.

</doc>
<doc id="21497909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497909" title="Perry Phenix">
Perry Phenix

Perry Lee Phenix (born November 14, 1974 in Monroe, Louisiana) is a former professional American football safety who played for the Tennessee Oilers/Titans and the Carolina Panthers in the National Football League. In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in which Phenix appeared as a substitute, however they lost to the Kurt Warner-led St. Louis Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="21497910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497910" title="Pingju">
Pingju

Pingju () is a form of local Chinese opera from northern China. It originated in Tangshan, Hebei, near the city of Tianjin [http://www1.chinaculture.org/library/2008-01/31/content_127390.htm].
The term "Píngjù" (平劇 in Chinese) was also formerly used to refer to Beijing opera.

</doc>
<doc id="21497919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497919" title="Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy">
Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy

"Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" is a song by Ray Davies, released as a UK single by The Kinks in 1965. As the follow-up to the number-one hit "Tired of Waiting for You" (indeed their previous 3 singles all made the top 2), it was less successful, reaching number 17. It broke a run of what would have been thirteen consecutive top-ten singles in the UK.
Both sides of the single were recorded in December 1964 in the same session as the B-side and final overdubs for "Tired of Waiting for You".
Following the poor performance in the UK, Reprise held off releasing the single in the US They did release follow up "Set Me Free" but when the next UK single "See My Friends" was judged to be even less suitable, they flipped the "Ev'rybody..." single with "Who'll Be the Next in Line" as the A-side, releasing it four months after the UK version. Although only a moderate hit, reaching number 34, it was more successful than "See My Friends" which, when it was eventually released in the US in September, failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100 (peaking at #111).
As well as being the US B-side, "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" was included as the first track on side 2 of the US version of the "Kinda Kinks" album.
The song is featured in Stephen Frears' film, "High Fidelity", and appears on the accompanying soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="21497920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497920" title="Ruud Kuijer">
Ruud Kuijer

Ruud Kuijer (Schalkwijk, 8 June 1959) is a Dutch sculptor, particularly known for his "Water works", a group of seven large-scale sculptures on the strip between Isotopenweg and the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal.
Life and work.
After studying at St. Joost Academy of Art and Design in 's-Hertogenbosch from 1981 to 1984 and after having completed a postgraduate course at Jan van Eyck Academy in Maastricht from 1984 tot 1986, Ruud Kuijer went to live and work in Utrecht. As a sculptor, Ruud Kuijer became famous for his abstract sculptures in which he often incorporated recognisable shapes. The main focus of his work is the purely sculptural articulation of space which may or may not include references to content outside the sculpture.
Tradition and recent sculpture tradition play a significant role in his work, as does the continual desire to transcend these. Originally the focus was on finding and using the plastic qualities and expressive possibilities offered by the properties of ordinary materials such as iron, screw thread, carpet, rope, wood and concrete. These materials have little or no history when it comes to art. In recent years concrete has been the dominant material. Ruud Kuijer also works as a teacher. From 1992 to 1997 he taught at the Academy in Den Bosch and from 2007 to 2008 at the Academy of Arts in Berlin.
Work.
Sculptures 1985-2003.
Between 1985 and 2003 he produced various series of sculptures whereby his point of departure was the specific possibilities offered by the materials used. In the sculptures belonging to the group entitled 'Staan/Liggen/Hangen/Leunen' (Standing/Lying Down/Hanging/Leaning) (1985-1992), the primary (structural) and secondary qualities (skin and colour) of various materials are coordinated and contrasted. These sculptures focus primarily on the concept of gravity: the individual weight of each separate part is rendered visible in the whole. The group entitled 'Gegalvaniseerd IJzer/Beton' (Galvanised Iron/Concrete) (1992-2001) is limited to the two materials stated. The galvanised iron comes from street furniture and other forms which, of course, have to be protected against rust. In this group, concrete is expressed simultaneously as a form and a link. The 'Draadeindsculpturen' (Threaded End Sculptures) (1996-2003) are an attempt to neutralise the rigid mechanics of nuts and bolts. The focus is on the inherent qualities of screw thread: it can act as both a line and a link. Physical concepts such as compressive and tensile force also become visible, particularly in combination with other forms or materials.
Water works.
Since 2001 Kuijer has been working on a group of seven large-scale sculptures on the strip between Isotopenweg and the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal, at Lage Weide industrial estate in Utrecht. These monumental, concrete sculptures are 12 metres high and up to 14 metres long. They are made from a single piece and a single material. In other words, they are monolithic sculptures. They basically consist of two materials: concrete and reinforcing rods.
The sculptures project has been specially made for the location. The group establishes relationships at a number of different levels with water and transport, and with the industrial surroundings of Lage Weide industrial estate. The sculptures contrast with the purely functional surroundings and add a human dimension to the immense and expansive area. Kuijer used forms based on our own body as a mould. The sculptures contain references to water, for example, a moulded rowing boat, surfboard and a garden pond.
One specific possibility offered by concrete is making imprints. Water Work IV Overstag (Go About) uses, more so than in the other sculptures, the richly contrasting and expressive possibilities of the sculptor's skin.
Between 2010 and 2013 a sloping embankment was created between the sculptures. This tailoring of the landscape links the sculptures together to form a tight-knit unit. From the point of view of urban planning this anchors the project firmly in the surroundings. Nowadays the sculptures are also illuminated at night. Water Work VII Cohesie (Cohesion) is the final element in the series and is also the tallest, at 12.70 metres high. This sculpture is located next to the Werkspoorbrug along the banks of the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal, at the crossing of the international rail and water links between our country and the rest of Europe. Two shapes in the sculpture contain a repeating motif of the coats of arms of the cities of Amsterdam, Utrecht and Basel. One shape is visible for passing ships and the other stands at eye level for passing train passengers. The whole project was unveiled in March 2013 as part of the celebrations to mark the 300th anniversary of the Treaty of Utrecht (1713-2013).
Besides being an artist, Ruud Kuijer is also a cultural entrepreneur in heart and soul. There are very few independently initiated sculpture projects of this scale in public spaces. For the Water Works project, Kuijer himself arranged the funding and support from businesses, constructed a large workshop himself and even arranged all the permits for the locations. Water Works is unconventional from the point of view of vision, scale and location, and that makes it unique in the Netherlands. The Water Works sculpture project led him to being awarded the Fentener van Vlissingen culture prize in 2004 and the Dutch Concrete Award in 2005.
Collections.
Ruud Kuijer's works are included in collections of, among others:

</doc>
<doc id="21497936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497936" title="James E. Allen, Jr.">
James E. Allen, Jr.

James Edward Allen, Jr. (April 25, 1911 – October 16, 1971) was the Commissioner of Education of the State of New York from 1955 to 1969 and served briefly as Richard Nixon's U.S. Commissioner of Education. He ordered New York school boards to comply with the 1962 U. S. Supreme Court order banning prayer in New York schools and began desegregation of New York Public Schools.
Biography.
Allen was born in Elkins, West Virginia on April 25, 1911. His father was a Presbyterian minister and he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Davis & Elkins College in 1932. He worked for the West Virginia State Department of Education for six years before attending Harvard University, where he earned his masters degree in education in 1942 and his Ph.D. in 1945. In 1947, he went to work for the New York Department of Education. He became Deputy Commissioner of Education in 1950 and Commissioner in 1955.
In 1960, he was opposed to school districts drawn up along racial lines and began having local school boards redraw boundaries to end racial disparities in 1962. In June 1962, the Supreme Court banned prayer in New York public schools, an order Allen directed local school boards to follow. In 1969, President Richard Nixon appointed him U.S. Commissioner of Education. His strong support for desegregation caused friction however, and President Nixon removed him the following year. He went from there to the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton. He and his wife died in a plane crash on October 16, 1971 in Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="21497941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497941" title="Rob Kelly (American football)">
Rob Kelly (American football)

Robert James Kelly III (born June 21, 1974) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints in the National Football League and one on the Injured reserve list for the New England Patriots.

</doc>
<doc id="21497948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497948" title="Qeqertaq Heliport">
Qeqertaq Heliport

Qeqertaq Heliport is a heliport in Qeqertaq, a village on an island off the shore of the Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Disko Bay region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specifed during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day. Settlement flights in the Disko Bay and Aasiaat Archipelago regions are unique in that they are operated only during winter and spring. During summer and autumn, communication between settlements is by sea only, serviced by Diskoline.

</doc>
<doc id="21497951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497951" title="Li Daoyu">
Li Daoyu

Li Daoyu (Chinese: 李道豫; born 1932) is a diplomat of the People's Republic of China.
A descendant of Li Hongzhang, Li graduated from the University of Shanghai in 1952, and entered the foreign ministry of PRC. From 1952 to 1983, he was an official of the international section of the Ministry and was promoted to vice section chief. In 1983, Li became the vice delegate to Geneva. From 1984 to 1988, Li served as the international section chief of the foreign ministry. In 1988, he became the assistant to the Foreign Minister. From 1990 to 1993, he was the delegate and ambassador to United Nations. From 1993 to 1998, Li served as the PRC's ambassador to the United States. From 1998, Li served in the National People's Congress until his retirement in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21497972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497972" title="Antonio Gibson">
Antonio Gibson

Antonio Maurice Gibson (born July 5, 1962 in Jackson, Mississippi) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the New Orleans Saints.
Career.
Gibson began his collegiate football career at Hinds Junior College in Jackson, MS. After two successful seasons at Hinds, he was recruited by universities in Mississippi, as well as Nebraska, Illinois, Cincinnati, and Murray State (KY). He decided to play for Coach Mike Gottfried and his Wide Tackle Six defense at the University of Cincinnati. Gibson learned from Defensive Coordinator Ron Zook (Current Head Coach, University of Illinois), and to this day, Antonio tells people that, “the things that Ron Zook taught me in college carried me through the NFL. I never had a position coach better than Ron Zook.”
Gibson played defensive back at the University of Cincinnati during the 1981 and 1982 football seasons. A team captain for the 1982 squad, he received the following honors: 
Gibson's professional career included three seasons with the USFL's Philadelphia Stars, two of them Championship seasons. When the league folded, he signed with the New Orleans Saints in 1986 and was the starting Safety until retiring in 1993. He was named to Football Digest's All-Rookie team in 1986. His Head Coach during his entire professional career was Jim Mora, Sr. His Position Coach was longtime NFL Head Coach/Defensive Coordinator Dom Capers.
Gibson also played briefly with the Dallas Cowboys (1990) and the Birmingham Fire of NFL Europe (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="21497982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21497982" title="Who'll Be the Next in Line">
Who'll Be the Next in Line

"Who'll Be the Next in Line" is a song by the British rock band The Kinks. It was written by Ray Davies.
Release.
"Who'll Be the Next in Line" was first released as the B-side to "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy", a Kinks single released in Britain. However, upon its relative failure in the UK, Reprise felt that the "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" single was unfit for release in America. The subsequent single, "Set Me Free", was released, but after The Kinks' next proposed single, "See My Friends" was sent to Reprise, they decided to release the "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" single, only with "Who'll Be the Next in Line" as the A-side. The single charted, hitting #34, which was more successful than the following "See My Friends" (which only hit #111.)
"Who'll Be the Next in Line" also appeared as a bonus track on some reissues of the Kinks album Kinda Kinks.

</doc>
<doc id="21498002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498002" title="Calling the Hogs">
Calling the Hogs

Calling the Hogs is a tradition of University of Arkansas students, alumni, and sports fans. The origin and date of first use are not known. The cheer is the best-known cheer at the University.
The tradition is said to have started in the 1920s when farmers attempted to encourage a Razorback football team that was losing.
The next home game produced a group who repeated the cheer often.
The Hog call is not confined to Razorback Stadium, where it is used before every kickoff, and may be used in locales such as airports and hotels where Razorback fans unite.
Procedure.
Fans begin a hog call with a "Woo", which increases in volume and also includes raising the arms with fingers wiggling up and down. Razorback fans have stated that the Woo should last eight seconds. The arms are brought down during the "pig" and the hands are clenched into a fist. "Sooie" is accompanied with a fist pump. After the third call, "Razorbacks" is added with two additional fist pumps.
Lyrics.
Woooooooooo, Pig ! Sooie!<br>
Woooooooooo, Pig ! Sooie!<br>
Woooooooooo, Pig ! Sooie!<br>
Razorbacks!
Etymology.
The distinctive call is likely a degraded form of Latin, as the Razorback, or wild boar, is a member of the pig family, which in the Linnean classification (Latin) naming system is Suidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21498011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498011" title="Seville Declarations on the Treaty of Nice">
Seville Declarations on the Treaty of Nice

On 21 June 2002, the Irish Government made a National Declaration at the Seville European Council emphasising its commitment to the European Union's security and defence policy.
Background.
After the first failed Irish referendum on the Treaty of Nice, EU Leaders met to discuss the outcome of the Irish Referendum in Seville (Spanish Presidency of the Council of the European Union.) Out of the meeting came declarations known as the Seville Declarations on the Treaty of Nice
At the Seville European Council (21–22 June 2002) the other EU14 governments accepted an Irish declaration that spelled out the triple lock - UN mandate; cabinet approval; Dáil Éireann approval - on Irish participation in EU activities of a military nature. The triple lock was nothing new as the Government never deployed Irish defence forces without UN approval to maintain Military neutrality, and moreover "the declaration had no legal status", so this measure on the part of the Irish government must be understood primarily as a political signal to the Irish electorate. In response to the Irish declaration, the European Council issued a declaration of its own. It recognised the right of Ireland (and all other member states) to decide in accordance with National Constitutions and laws whether and how to participate in any activities under the European Security and Defence Policy.
It led to the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Nice.
National Declaration by Ireland to the EU Council – Seville, 21 June 2002.
1. Ireland reaffirms its attachment to the aims and principles of Charter of the United Nations, which confers primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security upon the United Nations Security Council. 
2. Ireland recalls its commitment to the common foreign and security policy of the European Union as set out in the Treaty on European Union, adopted at Maastricht, amended at Amsterdam and approved on each occasion by the Irish people through referendum. 
3. Ireland confirms that its participation in the European Unions common foreign and security policy does not prejudice its traditional policy of military neutrality. The Treaty on European Union makes clear that the Union's security and defence policy shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States. 
4. In line with its traditional policy of military neutrality, Ireland is not bound by any mutual defence commitment. Nor is Ireland party to any plans to develop a European Army. Indeed, the Nice European Council recognised that the development of the Union's capacity to conduct humanitarian and crisis management tasks does not involve the establishment of a European Army.
5. The Treaty on European Union specifies that any decision by the Union to move to a common defence would have to be taken by unanimous decision of the Member States and adopted in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. The Government of Ireland have made a firm commitment to the people of Ireland, solemnized in this Declaration, that a referendum will be held in Ireland on the adoption of any such decision and on any future Treaty which would involve Ireland departing from its traditional policy of military neutrality. 
6. Ireland reiterates that the participation of contingents of the Irish Defence Forces in overseas operations, including those carried out under the European security and defence policy, requires (a) the authorisation of the operation by the Security Council or the General Assembly of the United Nations, (b) the agreement of the Irish Government and (c) the approval of Dáil Éireann, in accordance with Irish law. 
7. The situation set out in this Declaration would be unaffected by the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice. In the event of Ireland's ratification of the Treaty of Nice, this Declaration will be associated with Ireland's instrument of ratification.
Declaration of the European Council.
1. The European Council takes cognizance of the National Declaration of Ireland presented at its meeting in Seville on 21–22 June 2002. It notes that Ireland intends to associate its National Declaration with its act of ratification of the Treaty of Nice, should the people of Ireland in a referendum decide to accept the Treaty of Nice.
2. The European Council notes that the Treaty on European Union provides that any decision to move to a common defence shall be adopted in accordance with the respective constitutional requirements of the Member States
3. The European Council recalls that under the terms of the Treaty on European Union the policy of the Union shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States. Ireland has drawn attention, in this regard, to its traditional policy of Military Neutrality.
4. The European Council acknowledges that the Treaty on European Union does not impose any binding mutual defence commitments. Nor does the development of the Union's capacity to conduct humanitarian and crisis management tasks involve the establishment of a European Army.
5. The European Council confirms that the situation referred to in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above would be unchanged by the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice.
6. The European Council recognises that, like all Member States of the Union, Ireland would retain the right, following the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice, to take its own sovereign decision, in accordance with its Constitution and its laws, on whether to commit military personnel to participate in any operation carried out under the European Security and Defence Policy. Ireland, in its national Statement, has clearly set out its position in this regard.

</doc>
<doc id="21498040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498040" title="Floyd Fields">
Floyd Fields

Floyd Cornelius Fields (born January 7, 1969) is a former professional American football safety who played three seasons for the San Diego Chargers in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21498041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498041" title="Cirolana mercuryi">
Cirolana mercuryi

Cirolana mercuryi is a species of isopod found on coral reefs off Bawe Island, (Zanzibar, Tanzania) in East Africa and named for Freddie Mercury, "arguably Zanzibar's most famous popular musician and singer".

</doc>
<doc id="21498051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498051" title="Faust in der Tasche">
Faust in der Tasche

"Faust in der Tasche" ("Fist in the pocket") is a song by Die Toten Hosen, performed under the alias Ricky Curl and the Standing Ovations. It's the only single and the first track from the EP "The Battle of the Bands".
The song is narrated by a man, whose girlfriend has left him to date another guy. The narrator is pissed, because he sees them together all the time and it makes him sick.

</doc>
<doc id="21498067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498067" title="Alto Taquari">
Alto Taquari

Alto Taquari is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso.

</doc>
<doc id="21498071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498071" title="John Keith (American football)">
John Keith (American football)

John Martin Keith is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21498105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498105" title="Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies">
Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies

Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies (VIPS) is located in Pitampura, New Delhi, India, which grants the degrees of Bachelor in Journalism and Mass Communication (BJMC), Bachelor in Computer Application (BCA), and Bachelor of Laws (Honours) (LLB). It is affiliated with Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University and recognised by the Bar Council of India.
History.
Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies was established in the year 1998 and registered under the Societies Registration Act 1860. It was founded by the Strength India Educational Society in the year 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21498119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498119" title="Clarence Duren">
Clarence Duren

Clarence Edward Duren (born December 9, 1950 in Compton, California) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals and the San Diego Chargers in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21498139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498139" title="Hardenberg-Wilthen">
Hardenberg-Wilthen

Hardenberg Wilthen AG is a distillery in Nörten-Hardenberg, Germany.
History.
Hardenberg Wilthen has been owned and managed by the Hardenberg family since 1700. The company is made up of three divisions:
Products.
The company produces, Wilthener Goldkrone, Klare Vodka, and Schwartzhog.
Schwartzhog.
Schwartzhog is a brand name for a "Kräuterlikör" (herb liqueur). Traditionally it is consumed as a digestif liqueur, its ingredients include herbs, fruits and roots such as: wormwood, ginger and “Sauwurz” also known as hogroot. "Sauwurz" is a member of the Gentiana family.
Sauwurz.
"(Gentian) comforts the heart and preserves it against faintings and swoonings."
Nicholas Culpepper, Complete Herbal (1653)
Sauwurz, or Hogroot (also known as Lovage Root ), is a member of the Gentian family and is found across central and southern Europe, at high altitudes.
Hogroot's inclusion in the original Schwartzhog recipe, would have been for its digestive qualities, for the belief that it strengthened the body's inner systems , and for the hope that it may have the same aphrodisiac effects it has on hogs.
Origin.
While Sauwurz's digestive properties were recognised by herbalists over 3000 years ago, superstition and old wives tales attributed other, less scientific qualities to this variety of the gentian root. It was said that wild boar in the Black Forest were drawn to it for its aphrodisiac qualities, hence the name "Sauwurz" or Hogroot. There is no scientific basis to this myth, nor any indication that Hogroot has any such effect on humans.
The Hardenberg Hog.
The hog or wild boar in the family history tells that in the 16th century, when Germany was made up of rival kingdoms, baronies and principalities, Hardenberg castle was built to defend against neighbouring chieftains. On one particular night, an army approached the castle under cover of darkness, to take the Hardenbergs by surprise. Before the invaders could take positions a wild boar, began to squeal loudly, warning the Hardenberg army in time to see off the attack and prevent a siege. From that day, a black wild boar - or Schwartz Hog - has been the family crest of the Hardenberg family and business.

</doc>
<doc id="21498151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498151" title="Jeffery Dale">
Jeffery Dale

Jeffery Dwayne Dale (born October 6, 1962 in Pineville, Louisiana) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played three seasons for the San Diego Chargers.

</doc>
<doc id="21498155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498155" title="Das Altbierlied">
Das Altbierlied

"Das Altbierlied" ("The Altbier song") is a schlager drinking song originally by Hans Ludwig Lonsdorfer.
Die Toten Hosen cover.
"Das Altbierlied" was covered by Die Toten Hosen for the album "Damenwahl", from which it was released as the only single.

</doc>
<doc id="21498156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498156" title="West Chezzetcook, Nova Scotia">
West Chezzetcook, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498165" title="Phialella zappai">
Phialella zappai

Phialella zappai is a species of cnidarian named for musician Frank Zappa. It was named by Ferdinando "Nando" Boero, a jellyfish expert from Genova, Italy who wrote to Zappa hoping to meet the musician whom he admired. Zappa replied saying "there is nothing I would like better than having a jellyfish with my name" leading to a meeting, and eventually a friendly acquaintance, between the biologist and the musician.

</doc>
<doc id="21498167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498167" title="John Cawthra">
John Cawthra

John Cawthra (1789–1851) was a merchant, distiller and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Simcoe from 1828 to 1830 in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada as a Reformer and was the first Member of Parliament for Simcoe in the Parliament of the Province of Canada.
He was born in England, the son of Joseph Cawthra and Mary Turnpenny, and came to Toronto with his father while still young. He served in the militia during the War of 1812 in this war he helped to save the life of Lietenant Archibald MacLean. After the battle he was offered reward money for the capture of Detroit however he did not take it. Cawthra settled in Newmarket about 1822. Cawthra died in Newmarket.
A heritage marker in Newmarket marks the site of his trading post, later replaced by Cawthra House, his residence, a general store and the town's first bank.
His son was Henry Cawthra and his daughter Mary was the mother of William Mulock.

</doc>
<doc id="21498182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498182" title="Herb Christopher (American football)">
Herb Christopher (American football)

Herbert Christopher (born April 7, 1954 in Thomasville, Georgia) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21498187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498187" title="Li'l Ol' Groovemaker...Basie!">
Li'l Ol' Groovemaker...Basie!

"Li'l Ol' Groovemaker...Basie!" is a 1963 album by Count Basie, composed and arranged by Quincy Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="21498190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498190" title="Forton, Staffordshire">
Forton, Staffordshire

Forton is a small village and civil parish in Staffordshire, England, situated east of the market town of Newport, Shropshire.
It is situated around Forton Hall and the 14th century All Saints church, and is sited on the Roman road Via Devana and the modern A519 road between Newport and Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Forton Hall was built by a Mr Skrymsher of Norbury Manor at the end of the 17th century and is situated next door to the church of All Saints. In 1729 five new bells were given to the church. The most prominent monument is the alabaster tomb of Thomas Skrymsher, knight of Aqualate and his family.
There is a pub called The Swan.

</doc>
<doc id="21498256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498256" title="1993 AFC Women's Championship">
1993 AFC Women's Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1993 AFC Women's Championship was held from December 3 to December 12, 1993 in Kuching, Malaysia. The tournament was won for the fourth consecutive time by China in the final against North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="21498264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498264" title="Stephen Watson (racing driver)">
Stephen Watson (racing driver)

Stephen Watson (born 18 February 1974 in Durban, South Africa) is a South African racing driver who tested for the Arrows Formula One team in 1998 to 1999. He also competed in International Formula 3000 for three seasons from 1995 to 1997, but with no notable success.
Watson was founding general manager of A1GP, leaving after three years. He then moved to Gauteng Motorsport Company in South Africa as its founder CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="21498276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498276" title="Alan Muir Wood">
Alan Muir Wood

Sir Alan Marshall Muir Wood, MA, LLD, DEng, FRS, FREng, FICE (8 August 1921 – 1 February 2009) was a British civil engineer.
Education.
Muir Wood was born on 8 August 1921 at Hampstead in London. Educated at Abbotsholme School, he later studied mechanical sciences at Peterhouse, Cambridge, from 1940 and graduated with a Master of Arts degree. 
Career.
Due to the Second World War Muir Wood joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (RNVR) as a commissioned officer on 5 October 1942. He reached the rank of Probationary Temporary Sub-Lieutenant (Engineers) in the RNVR before transferring as Temporary Sub-Lieutenant (Engineers) to the Royal Navy on 5 June 1944. Muir Wood was promoted to Temporary Lieutenant (Engineers) on 1 August 1945, with seniority of 5 April 1945.
After leaving the navy in 1946 Muir Wood worked for the Southern Railway where he helped to design bridges and the remediation of landslips at Folkestone Warren, Kent. He then spent a period with the Docks and Inland Waterways Executive where he designed and organised the hydraulics laboratory. In 1952 he joined Halcrow, the engineering consultancy, where he began work on the Channel Tunnel, a project he would repeatedly return to over the next twenty years. He worked extensively with tunnels and his projects included the Clyde Tunnel, the Potters Bar rail tunnel, Heathrow Airport's cargo tunnel and the Jubilee Line Extension. Muir Wood also worked on the design of South Africa's 80 km long Orange–Fish River Tunnel, the second-longest water supply tunnel in the world.
Muir Wood was the second chairman of the British Tunnelling Society and was founding president of the International Tunneling Association in 1974 and served as honorary president until his death. He retired from Halcrow as the firm's senior partner on 1 May 1984 but continued to work as an expert witness and specialist consultant. He was closely involved with a campaign launched by "New Civil Engineer" to rescue Isambard Kingdom Brunel's Thames Tunnel from a plan to shroud its lining with sprayed concrete. Muir Wood was elected president of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE) for the November 1977 to November 1978 session. He held a Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Dundee and an Engineering Doctorate from Bristol University where he was also a visiting professor.
Awards.
Muir Wood was a fellow of the Royal Society, of the Royal Academy of Engineering and of the ICE. He was also a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. In 1981 he was appointed a fellow of Imperial College London and of his alma mater, Peterhouse. Muir Wood was appointed a Knight Bachelor on 31 December 1981, the knighthood was conferred by Queen Elizabeth II on 23 March 1982. He died on 1 February 2009.
Personal life.
Muir Wood was a descendant of John Muir Wood, musician, music publisher and amateur photographer from Edinburgh and Glasgow. Muir Wood was instrumental in the 1987 donation of 900 of his John Muir Wood's photographs to the National Galleries of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="21498286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498286" title="Modulus robot">
Modulus robot

The household robot Modulus, described by the manufacturer as "the friend of homo sapiens", was made by Sirius, a company Massimo Giuliana set up in 1982 for marketing home and personal computers, and which decided to start building its own domestic robot back in 1984. When the first "Modulus" prototype had been realized, the company asked Isao Hosoe, a Japanese designer who has been living and working in Milan for many years, to study its "body-work". Hosoe's work, however, went well beyond this, and was followed by a complete technological reprocessing of the robot. Data Process was responsible for the design and manufacture of the electronic and mechanical parts, while Sirius used the expertise of an American company, the RB Robot Corporation, for the software (its founder, Joseph H. Bosworth, is known by some as "the father of personal robotics").
Development.
Two million dollars were invested in developing this particular piece of equipment. Research carried out in the United States showed that there would be greater development in this sector. It was also estimated that the use of "Modulus" could provide an opportunity to bring back into operation many PCs that were bought during the boom, but which are not used seldom, if ever. A good slice of the "Modulus" market could consist of the owners of these personal computers, newly aware of the possibility of connecting them to a personal robot. 
"Modulus" was designed as a robot with possible domestic applications, but in reality it is open to any future development. Modularity - hence its name - is one of its principal characteristics, and it has been designed for adaptation to the widest possible range of applications. Comparing the robot with man, "Modulus" can be said to have an electronic "circulatory system" that permits the various extremities (arms, head, etc.) to communicate with the brain (CPU in a computer). The "Modulus" robots could have abilities such as a phonemes synthesizer, voice recognition, infra-red communication, etc., making it suitable for performing many functions ranging from helping to teach children to assisting the handicapped or invalids.
When studying the eventual appearance of "Modulus", Isao Hosoe began by looking at the robots of the past. These included "Electro", built by Westinghouse in 1939. Hosoe hit on the right appearance by studying human expressions and gestures, bearing in mind that a domestic robot needs to be appealing on account of its proximity to man. Its eyelids have to open, its pupils dilate or contract. It must be able to nod or shake its head, bend its torso, and raise, lower and rotate its arms. "Modulus", however, has no feet. Available in three configurations - "Base", "Service & Security" and "Moddy" - "Modulus" stands on a Base unit 35 cm in diameter and 15 cm high, two two-speed motors connected to rubber wheels, and two spherical stabilizers. It comes with a small infra-red Instrument for connecting it to another remote control device or for interacting with the major home and personal computers.
Base.
This first unit can be added to for different functions. As it stands it can be used in hobbies as a home computer, self-propelled peripheral, and can be useful for people wanting to learn to program robots. The simplest attachments which can be connected to the Base unit are a vacuum cleaner and a plotter-mechanism that uses felt pens, etc., to produce drawings of considerable precision.
Service & Security.
The second "Modulus" configuration, the Service Robot, is obtained by fitting the Techno-cake home-security and service unit on to the Base. One of the components allow the robot to signal the presence of smoke, gas, water, and intruders; at the first sign of danger it informs the computer or triggers a siren or preset vocal message. An arm with ample freedom of movement and considerable gripping power can be added to the Service Robot. Using its meteo-system, the robot will fetch its owners umbrella if it is going to rain; a simple whistle will bring it toddling over to you.
Moddy.
Moddy is the third and most advanced version of the robot. It is obtained by adding a torso, two arms, and a head to the other two units. The robot can carry a tray with its two arms. Its head and big eyes make it into a really human character, reliable, and a companion to play with. It is not surprising then if Isao Hosoe, who designed "Modulus" together with Ann Marinelli, Donato Greco, and Alessio Pozzoli, also received special advice from his two children, ten-year-old Takeo and fifteen-year-old Taro.
The first two units were previously available on the market. Base complete with vacuum cleaner and plotter-mechanism cost about a million lire, while the price of the Techno-Cake varied from two to five million lire, depending on the type and number of components in function (not all the components were available yet, on account of the time needed to develop the software). It would probably take up to a year before Moddy was ready, which would cost between eight and ten million lire, but unfortunately the "Modulus" project became too expensive, causing the bankruptcy of Sirius before Moddy could be completed. Some of the robots were later sold to companies who distributed them for the aid of handicapped while many of the Moddy robots were later sold by Arngren Electronics A/S during the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="21498296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498296" title="Williamswood, Nova Scotia">
Williamswood, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498300" title="Northern Caiman Lizard">
Northern Caiman Lizard

The Northern Caiman Lizard is a species of lizard found in northern South America.
Appearance.
 Northern Caiman lizards are fairly big lizards are mostly lime green with a red head. They also have a scaly back much like an Alligator.
Distribution and habitat.
This species can be found in the countries of Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and the Guianas. It lives in swampy habitats and other wooded areas which are flooded. It is mostly aquatic and is an excellent climber. It spends most of its time basking on branches overhanging the waterways so that if trouble was to arise it would be a quick drop into the safety of the water.
The number of these lizards wild population is unknown. There has yet to be a study on them in their natural habitat. Much of what we know about them comes from captive animals in zoos and aquariums, as well as in the homes of hobbyists.
This species was heavily hunted for their leather. In 1970 they were provided protection and the export of their hides dropped. Now local populations are safe where their habitat is protected. Captive farms have since been set up to provide animals for the leather trade. In recent years a number of these animals have found themselves in the pet trade.
Habits.
The northern caiman lizard spends most of its time in or near water. At night, it hides in trees and bushes. Caiman lizards in the wild will take a variety of prey: snails, fish, crawfish, clams, invertebrate and other freshwater inhabitants all can make up a caiman lizards diet. However they do specialize in snails. It takes the snail in the jaws, raises its head up so that the prey will slide into the back of the mouth, then crushes it with its back teeth. It then spits out the pieces of shell. The lizard has been known to even kill and eat amazon river turtles. By crushing shell by the edges and eating its softer parts chunk after chunk.
In captivity.
The Caiman Lizard has been hard to keep in captivity. Due to their natural diet consisting almost purely of snails, most wild caught adults will refuse to eat anything else. Some zoos have had success in keeping and breeding them.
In the last five years, farmed baby caiman lizards from South America have made their way into the pet trade around the world. These hatchlings are more willing to accept other food sources. Even so, this is not a lizard which by any means is easy to keep or raise in captivity. They have strong jaws that are capable of delivering painful bites. Their aquatic lifestyle means they need a large pool or tank, but also need a place to dig and burrow and logs or other suitable material with dry surfaces to bask on. This can be quite hard to accommodate due to their need for high humidity and high basking surface temperatures. Proceeded by the fact that these lizards can grow to be fairly large, up to 4 feet in length, a large enclosure is mandatory to successfully keep them alive.
That being said, some owners claim there is a reward to keeping them. Caiman lizards are intelligent as can be seen in the way they approach a snail that is clinging to the rocks. They can solve problems which many other lizards apparently fail to and can generally recognize their owners, given they have been kept for the right amount of time and are in good health.

</doc>
<doc id="21498315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498315" title="Simms Settlement, Nova Scotia">
Simms Settlement, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498329" title="Stillwater Lake, Nova Scotia">
Stillwater Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498345" title="West Dover, Nova Scotia">
West Dover, Nova Scotia

History.
The early years.
West Dover was created in the 1770s with the Troope, and Scott land grants. Major settlement began in the 1800s when a permanent fishing village was established. The founding family names were: Morash, Zinck, Scott, Publicover, Cleveland, Berringer, Umlah, Taylor, Troop, Young, Allen and Richardson. These names are still common in the area today. The families were mostly of European descent.
Cod, Mackerel, Pollack, Herring, Haddock, Halibut, Lobster, and Tuna were plentiful in the early years. The fish was salted and dried to preserve them as there was no refrigeration. The fish was sold in Halifax and made its way up and down the East Coast.
1920s - 1930s.
Prohibition in the United States created opportunity in West Dover from 1920 - 1933 for rum running. Rum running was something that supplemented fishing income and was risky but highly profitable. The fishermen would set out with a load of alcohol on moonless nights and navigate in the darkness to the coast of Maine. The alcohol was stored in wooden barrels loaded with salt. If the fishermen noticed law enforcement vessels they would dump the barrels overboard. The salt in the barrels would slowly dissolve. A few hours later, after the law enforcement officials had left, the barrels would float back up to the surface and be brought back on board.
1940s - 1950s.
This period saw a lot of change occur in West Dover. A new paved highway was built that made Halifax more accessible. The improved roads brought more traffic to the area and saw the first tourists visit the area. Electricity and phone service was added that improved life in the village and reduced the use of oil lamps for lighting. The first TV sets arrived in West Dover in the mid-1950s.
In the 1950s the first government wharf was built at the entrance to Dover Harbour also called Dover Soi. Also in the 1950s the first Post Office was opened by Duggan's General Store and later operated by Judson and Minnie Smeltzer.
1960s - 1970s.
In 1961 the Peggy's Cove Preservation Area was created by expropriating the land surrounding Peggy's Cove, West Dover, and Indian Harbour.
The Government wharf was rebuilt in the 1970s on the site of the first wharf.
1980s - 1990s.
The Collapse of the Northern Cod Fishery in 1992 led to the closure of West Dover's only fish plant and was a major loss of income for the village. Many people left fishing and started working in the construction industry.
After the decline of the Cod stocks, the lobster fishing industry has taken over as one of the most important fishing activities in West Dover.
Present day.
West Dover remains, to this day, one of the few villages in the area that carries on a fishing tradition.
In 2008, West Dover connected to high-speed internet through Eastlink Communications.
An influx of new residents and development has occurred in West Dover over the last decade.
Geography.
Topography.
West Dover was reshaped by glaciers during the last ice age approximately 10,000 years ago. The landscape has large areas of exposed granite and an average of less than 10 inches of soil. The park area around West Dover is known as "The Barrens" and has countless lakes, bogs, and granite hills. Glacial erratics are scattered across the hillsides.
Culture.
Leisure and entertainment.
West Dover is a popular tourist location in the summer and has inns, cottages, and B&Bs. Rock climbers visit West Dover for its granite hills and glacially exposed boulders.
During the summer tourism season sailboats and yachts take shelter in West Dover's protected harbour. The government wharf is the usual place for visiting boats to moor.
Film and television.
Movies like the Shipping News, and The Weight of Water, and music videos like The Trew's Hope & Ruin have filmed in West Dover due to its seaside location, and barren rustic scenery.

</doc>
<doc id="21498362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498362" title="West Quoddy, Nova Scotia">
West Quoddy, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498369" title="John Mahan">
John Mahan

John Mahan, also known as Steve Taylor, (January 26, 1851 – 1895?) was a 19th-century Irish-born American bare-knuckle boxer and pugilist. He was a noted heavyweight fighter in the Northeastern United States during the 1870s and billed as having "an unbeaten record" until his prizefight with future heavyweight champion John L. Sullivan in 1881. Sullivan rose to national prominence as a result of his victory while Mahan went into semi-retirement, taking part in numerous exhibition bouts during the 1880s. Mahan later toured the U.S. with Sullivan and became one of his chief sparring partners.
One-time coroner of Jersey City, New Jersey, he was also involved in New York City politics with Boss Tweed during his boxing career and later involved in the Tweed Ring.
Biography.
Early life and boxing career.
John Mahan was born in Kells, County Meath, Ireland on January 26, 1851. Later emigrating to the United States, he became coroner of Jersey City, New Jersey. He was also active in New York City machine politics and, aligning himself Tammany Hall and Boss Tweed, became involved in what would later be referred to as the Tweed Ring.
Like many politicians of the era, Mahan began taking part in professional boxing. Under the ring name Steve Taylor, he eventually established himself as a formidable bare-knuckle boxer and pugilist in the Northeastern United States. He was described as "a six footer, of very powerful build, and as agile as a cat". One of his first major fights was against Billy Edwards at the Brooklyn Rink in Brooklyn, New York on June 5, 1876, which he lost after 17 rounds, and scored an 18-round victory over Charles McDonald later that year.
On November 17, his bout against Brooklyn champion John J. Dwyer at the Lyceum Theatre was interrupted by the New York City Police Department who stopped the fight and the match was declared a draw. A rematch was fought between the two in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on March 23, 1877, this time with both wearing boxing gloves, in which he lost. Despite this, he earned a reputation as a "game and scientific boxer" from his matches with Dwyer and was referred to by some newspapers as "the ex-heavyweight champion of America". It was reported that he was "almost the only American who could any stand" against Jem Mace when the boxing champion arrived in the U.S. and the two sparred with each other throughout the country.
He often frequented Harry Hill's bar, a hugely popular sportsman resort and the center of New York's sporting culture during the late 19th century. He became a sparring partner for then bare knuckle champion Joe Goss and later helped train Paddy Ryan who would defeat Goss for the title in 1880.
Bout with John L. Sullivan.
On March 31, 1881, at a testimonial benefit in Harry Hill's resort, an offer was made by New York sportsmen in attendance to give $50 to any man who, using Marquis of Queensbury rules, could last four rounds with John L. Sullivan. This was in reference to the more widely known challenge with Sullivan had posted to Paddy Ryan. Taylor, Ryan's former trainer, accepted in this first-ever impromptu boxing match. Refereed by Matt Grace, a well-known collar and elbow wrestler, while Dick Hollywood and Billy Madden were the cornermen for Mahan and Sullivan respectively. Mahan was knocked out by Sullivan "after a few hard licks" in the second round and, in a gesture of good sportsmanship, offered half the prize to his opponent. After the bout, Mahan said "Taylor takes his hat off only to Sully". The event received much attention from the press, this being the young Sullivan's New York debut, and was especially covered by the "Police Gazette", the "New York Clipper" and the "New York Herald".
Semi-retirement and touring with Sullivan.
Mahan went into semi-retirement following his match with Sullivan taking part in a few exhibition matches during the next several years. On March 19, 1883, Taylor was one of three opponents Sullivan faced at a benefit at the Mechanics Institute in Boston which earned over $15,000. The event was said to have been "the largest and most noteworthy sparring exposition ever given in New England". He later toured the country with Sullivan, Herbert Slade, Pete McCoy and Mike Gillespie. One of these was against Gillespie at an opera house in McKeesport, Pennsylvania on October 19 of that year. This specific bout was considered a comical exhibition bout, Mahan outweighing the lightweight boxer by at least 40 pounds, and went to three rounds before both men retired. During the match, one man supposedly yelled out to Gillespie that he "either stand on a chair or put his glove on a broomstick".
After holding a two-day exhibition bout at the People's Theater in St. Louis, Missouri from November 5–6, Mahan and Sullivan were arrested by authorities while he and the others were preparing to leave the following morning. The two were charged with violating a state law prohibiting public sparring and boxing exhibitions but, after posting bail, they were forced to forfeit their bonds in order not to make their scheduled tour of California. He faced Mike Gillespie once more at the St. Charles Theatre, then one of the largest venues in the county, and fought four rounds before ending the match for a wrestler vs. boxer match between Charles Bixamos and local lightweight boxer Pat Kendrick.
On October 6, 1884, Mahan fought exhibition bouts against Mike Cleary and Jack Burke at Turn Hall in New York City. He later joined Sullivan on another national tour organized by manager Pat Sheedy and included Joe Lannon, George La Blanche, Jimmy Carroll and Patsy Kerrigan. He fought Jimmy Carroll to 3 rounds at the Masonic Hall in Portland, Oregon on December 10. On March 28, 1887, he and Joe Lannon sparred with Sullivan in Hoboken, New Jersey. He would continue to face Sullivan for several months and, three months before Sullivan embarked on a tour of Europe, Mahan facing him for the last time in Boston on August 8, 1887.
Mahan's last recorded fight was reportedly in Sligo, Ireland against Peter Maher to whom he lost in a 3-round knockout in 1891. According to Harry Hill, while testifying before the Lexow Committee, he claimed that Mahan was working as a bartender in Boston when questioned by lawyer John Goff.

</doc>
<doc id="21498392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498392" title="West Petpeswick, Nova Scotia">
West Petpeswick, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498413" title="Norman Patterson">
Norman Patterson

James Norman Carlton Patterson (July 4, 1886, – May 25, 1961) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois, and died in Detroit, Michigan.
In 1912 he was eliminated in the first round of the 1500 metres event after finishing third in his heat.
He also competed in the exhibition baseball tournament at the 1912 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21498418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498418" title="Santa Terezinha">
Santa Terezinha

Santa Terezinha is the easternmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498420" title="West Jeddore, Nova Scotia">
West Jeddore, Nova Scotia

History.
Battle at Winnepang (Jeddore Harbour).
Immediately after the declaration of Dummer's War, on July 22, 1722, Governor Richard Philipps commissioned Capt. John Elliot and Capt. John Robinson in two sloops with regiments to protect the fishery at Canso, Nova Scotia and retrieve the New England prisoners. There was a Mi'kmaq camping place at near-by West Jeddore. There were thirty-nine natives at Winnepang (present-day Jeddore Harbour) who were harbouring prisoners in seven vessels. Capt. Elliot and Bradstreet arrived in the harbour and attacked the natives. There was a two hour naval battle. Bradstreet led a boarding party that overwhelmed the natives with hand grenades and disciplined fire. Capt. Elliot was badly wounded as were several of his men. Five of the men were killed. 
As the Mi’kmaq tried to swim ashore to escape, the New Englanders opened fire on them. Thirty-five Natives were killed. The New Englanders managed to rescue fifteen prisoners from the vessels, while discovering that nine had been killed. 
Only five native bodies were recovered from the battle and the New Englanders decapitated the corpses and set the severed heads on spikes surrounding Canso's new fort.

</doc>
<doc id="21498423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498423" title="Hyponormal operator">
Hyponormal operator

In mathematics, especially operator theory, a hyponormal operator is a generalization of a normal operator. In general, a bounded linear operator "T" on a complex Hilbert space "H" is said to be "p"-hyponormal (formula_1
(That is to say, formula_2 is a positive operator.) If formula_3, then "T" is called a hyponormal operator. If formula_4, then "T" is called a semi-hyponormal operator. Moreoever, "T" is said to be log-hyponormal if it is invertible and
An invertible "p"-hyponormal operator is log-hyponormal. On the other hand, not every log-hyponormal is "p"-hyponormal.
The class of semi-hyponormal operators was introduced by Xia, and the class of p-hyponormal operators was studied by Aluthge, who used what is today called the Aluthge transformation.
Every subnormal operator (in particular, a normal operator) is hyponormal, and every hyponormal operator is a paranormal convexoid operator. Not every paranormal operator is, however, hyponormal.

</doc>
<doc id="21498430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498430" title="Ahmed Mejjati">
Ahmed Mejjati

Ahmed Mejjati (born in Casablanca in 1936 - 1995) was an influential Moroccan avant-garde poet.
Biography.
Mejjati studied in Damascus and completed his PhD in Arabic literature at the Mohammed V University in Rabat, where he also worked as a professor of Arabic literature.
He won the Ibn Zaydoun Award for poetry in Madrid in 1985, and the Prix du Maroc du livre in 1987.
He died in 1995.
Work.
Mejjati’s poetry is characterized by its emphasis on pure Arabic diction and original syntactic formation. He published poems in magazines, but only one book of poetry:"Al Fouroussiya" (Chivalry).
The Syrian critic Mohammed Mohi Eddine called Mejjati's poem "Assouqout" one of the most beautiful poems in the Arabic language.

</doc>
<doc id="21498441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498441" title="Watt Section, Nova Scotia">
Watt Section, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498455" title="Delta 0100">
Delta 0100

The Delta 0100 series, also Delta 100, 0300 or 300 series, was an American expendable launch system which conducted orbital launches between 1968 and 1972. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets, and the first to be designated using a four digit numerical code. Two variants were flown, individually designated Delta 0300 and Delta 0900.
The Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, was used as the first stage of the Delta 0100 series. Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off, three on the 0300 variant, and nine on the 0900. The second stage was a Delta F.
Five 0100 series rockets were launched, three using the 0300 configuration, and two in the 0900 configuration. All launches occurred from Space Launch Complex 2W at Vandenberg AFB. One of the launches, a Delta 0300 with ITOS E, failed to reach orbit due to a second stage malfunction.

</doc>
<doc id="21498467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498467" title="Popes Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Popes Harbour, Nova Scotia

References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21498484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498484" title="Adan Sowa">
Adan Sowa

Adan Domingo Sowa (born 15 August 1954) is an Argentine professional golfer. 
Sowa was born in Buenos Aires, and turned professional in 1973. He won the Argentine Open twice, in 1978 and 1983, and led the Argentine Professional Rankings on two occasions, in 1978 and 1982. He was second in the 1985 Argentine Open and the 1982 Argentine PGA Championship. In 1982, Sowa was second in the Jujuy Open on the Argentine Professional Tour, but claimed the first prize cheque because the overall winner was amateur, Luis Carbonetti.
Sowa played on the European Tour from 1978 to 1986, with a best finish of tied 6th in the Italian Open in 1986, on his way to 69th place on the Order of Merit. He played in the British Open three times, in 1978, 1979 and 1986.
Sowa currently competes on the European Seniors Tour. His best finish to date is second in the 2006 Seniors Tour Championship, held in Bahrain, where he lost out to Gordon J. Brand on the third hole of a playoff. That year he was 22nd on the season ending money list.
Sowa has represented Argentina in the World Cup on four occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="21498492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498492" title="West Porters Lake, Nova Scotia">
West Porters Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498501" title="List of Portuguese film actors">
List of Portuguese film actors

This is list of film actors from Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="21498503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498503" title="Erik Carlsson Sjöblad">
Erik Carlsson Sjöblad

Erik Carlsson Sjöblad (August 28, 1647 – May 31, 1725) was a Swedish governor, admiral, and baron.
Early years.
Sjöblad was born in Halmstad, Halland, Sweden. His father, a general, was Baron Carol Sjöblad Nilsson (1611–1696); his mother was Maria Eriksdotter Stierna (1614–1686). Sjoblad married Charlotta Regina Palbitski (born 1663) in 1681. They had two children, a son, Carl Georg Sjöblad, and a daughter, Ulrika Maria Eriksdotter Sjöblad (died 1758).
Career.
Sjöblad began his military career in 1664 at the age of 17, when he took a post in the English fleet. After nine years he returned to Sweden, now as captain. In the Swedish admiralty, he rose quickly in rank, and in 1676, he was appointed admiral, when only 29 years old.
In 1677, he led his squadron against the Dano-Norwegian admiral Niels Juel. The Action of 31 May 1677 ended with Sjöblad's loss of 1,500 men and his ship "Amara Then", and he became a prisoner of war. After the Scanian War ended, he was appointed Governor of Blekinge in 1683. He was owner of Herrestad in 1696.
In 1700, he took over the post of Governor of Gothenburg and Bohuslän, built as a port and depot for the Royal Navy.
Sjöblad soon proved to be an arbitrary county manager, and was described by a contemporary writer as "in every inch a despot." After the magistrate had collected together evidence of his irregularities, including diversion of Crown resources and income, Sjöblad was summoned to the National Council of Stockholm. He was brought to trial, accused of "several difficult goals af self-interest, abuse and self-readiness." In October 1711, he was sentenced to lose his posts, "life, honor and goods". The death penalty was repealed later and converted into a prison sentence. After the death of Charles XII, Sjöblad was restored to his titles by Queen Ulrika Eleonora in 1719. 
He died in 1725 in Gothenburg, Västergötland, Sweden. Carl Georg Siöblad was his son.

</doc>
<doc id="21498515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498515" title="Middle Porters Lake, Nova Scotia">
Middle Porters Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498529" title="National Highway 35 (India)">
National Highway 35 (India)

National Highway 35 or NH 35 runs from Barasat to Petrapole (near Bangaon) on the India–Bangladesh border. It links to Benapole in Bangladesh. Earlier, the road from Dum Dum to Jessore was called Jessore Road. While the Dum Dum–Barasat sector is now part of NH 34, the Barasat–Petrapole sector is now part of NH 35.
Total length of NH 35 is .
History.
This road used to called as Kali Babu's Road in early 17th century when the Bengali Jamindar Kali babu made this road from Khulna(Bangladesh) to Kolkata. Later on British government was made this metal road to connect British Air Force in Jessore(Now in Bangladesh) to Calcutta(Now Kolkata).
Bus service.
There is a regular bus service between Dhaka and Kolkata along this national highway. The Government sponsored bus service was launched on June 19, 1999; the inaugural bus was received in Dhaka by Sheikh Hasina, the then-Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Rather than Government Bus, there are many direct private shuttle buses that travel from Kolkata(Karunamoye) to Dhaka (Malibug, Gulistan, Motijil) every day, e.g. Shohag, Eagle, Hanif.
Traffic.
According to study by RITES in 2006, the goods traffic at Petrapole was approximately 400 trucks per day both ways, while the 2006 passenger traffic was about 1,159 people per day (both incoming and outgoing). The total traffic in 2029-30 has been projected as 2,938 trucks per day and the passenger traffic by then will be 3,924 people per day.

</doc>
<doc id="21498530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498530" title="Moosehead, Nova Scotia">
Moosehead, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498550" title="Last Days of April">
Last Days of April

Last Days of April is an indie pop band from Stockholm, Sweden.
History.
Last Days of April formed in 1996. The band found some underground success with their first demo release. A full-length was issued in 1997, then an EP on Bad Taste Records in 1998. Their sophomore effort, "Rainmaker", was released in both Europe (on Bad Taste) and Japan (on Straight Up Records), and the group toured with The Promise Ring and The Bufferins in Europe. Their third full-length was produced by Pelle Gunnerfeldt and saw a release on Deep Elm Records in America, while their fourth was issued in the United States by Crank! Records.
<br>Since 2000, Karl Larsson has been the band's principal songwriter. Following the release of "Gooey" in 2010, Last Days of April toured Europe alongside the London-based indie pop band Air Castles the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="21498555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498555" title="St.Margarets Bay, Nova Scotia">
St.Margarets Bay, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21498577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498577" title="Oldham, Nova Scotia">
Oldham, Nova Scotia

Oldham was a gold mining community in the 1930s and 40s. It is located about 2.5 km from the local town of Enfield. Oldham was a place for travellers to stop while en route from the Guysbrough Rd to Enfield, Halifax, and other surrounding areas.
The family name Cole is prominent in the community with many other family names such as Whidden, Chaplin,Graham, Miuse, McPhail,Dowell, Dunfords, Publicover, Browns, Reeves, and Whites. Many families are related to each other and Oldham is a tight-knit community. Baseball and hockey were also games that the kids would play on the dirt road and in the fields.

</doc>
<doc id="21498601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498601" title="Emily, Lady Peel">
Emily, Lady Peel

Emily, Lady Peel (1836-4 April 1924) was the daughter of George Hay, 8th Marquess of Tweeddale and of Lady Susan Montagu.
On 17 June 1853 she married Sir Robert Peel, 3rd Baronet, the eldest son of prime minister Sir Robert Peel, 2nd Baronet. They had one son left Robert, born in 1867, who succeeded to the baronetcy, and three daughters.
Lady Peel was interested in dog racing and bred several award winning borzoi. French Rosarian François Lacharme named a rose cultivar after her.
Lady Peel died on April 4, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="21498620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498620" title="Shai Reshef">
Shai Reshef

Shai Reshef () is an Israeli businessman and educational entrepreneur. He is the founder and president of University of the People - a non-profit, tuition-free, online academic institution dedicated to the democratization of higher education.
Biography.
Shai Reshef holds an MA from the University of Michigan in Chinese Politics. Reshef is married and has four children. He lives in Pasadena, California.
Business career.
From 1989 to 2005, Reshef served as Chief Executive Officer and then Chairman of the Kidum Group, an Israel test preparation company. Reshef joined Kidum in 1989 when it was a single product company with revenues of $100,000. Under his leadership, Kidum grew to become a company with annual revenues in excess of $25 million, with over 1,000 employees and 50,000 students a year. In 2005, he sold the company to Kaplan, Inc., one of the world’s largest education companies and a subsidiary of the Washington Post.
Between 2001 and 2004, while continuing as the chairman of Kidum, Reshef lived in the Netherlands where he chaired KIT eLearning, a subsidiary of Kidum. KIT is the eLearning partner of the University of Liverpool and the first online university outside of the United States. KIT provides MBA and M.Sc. degrees in IT. In 2004, the company was acquired by Laureate Online Education.
University of the People.
In January 2009, Reshef founded University of the People, a non-profit, tuition-free, online academic institution that seeks to revolutionize higher education by making college-level studies accessible to students worldwide. In 2011, University of the People signed a collaboration agreement with New York University. The school offers business administration and computer science degrees. In February 2014 the university received accreditation by the Distance Education and Training Council.
Public speaking.
Reshef has spoken internationally at conferences and universities including:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21498624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498624" title="Autonetics">
Autonetics

Autonetics was a division of North American Aviation. Through a series of mergers, Autonetics is now part of Boeing.
General Background of the Anaheim Facility.
Autonetics originated in North American Aviation's Technical Research Laboratory, a small unit in the Los Angeles Division's engineering department in 1945. In 1946, the laboratory won an Army Air Force contract to develop a 175- to-500-mile-range glide missile. The work and the lab expanded, so that by June 1948, all of the Aerophysics Laboratory was consolidated at Downey, Calif. The evolution of the Navaho missile program then resulted in the establishment of Autonetics as a separate division of North American Aviation in 1955, first located in Downey, California and moved to Anaheim California in 1963.
Autonetics included the Navigation Systems division, designing and producing inertial and stellar-inertial navigation systems for ships, submarines, missiles, aircraft and space vehicles. Other products included alignment devices and attitude reference systems for missile launchers, artillery, orientation, land survey, aircraft and missile-range ships.
The Autonetics Data Systems division developed data-processing systems, general-purpose digital computers, ground support equipment, control systems and telemetry systems. The Electro Sensor Systems division built multi-function radar systems, armament control computers, data and information display systems for high performance aircraft, and sensor equipment.
Autonetics built a portable office computer and ranging radar for trainers and fighters and was responsible for the guidance and control system for the Boeing-built Minuteman missiles. The division ultimately produced the Monica family of microcomputers, the D-17B Minuteman I computer, and the D-37B and D-37C Minuteman II computer, in which microminiaturization reduced weight by two-thirds. Autonetics also developed and tested flight programs for the D37D Minuteman III computer.
Milestones also included the first airplane flight of an inertial autonavigator (XN-1) in 1950 and the first flight of an all-solid-state computer (for the Navaho guidance system) in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21498635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498635" title="Julio Meléndez">
Julio Meléndez

Julio Meléndez Calderón (born April 11, 1942 in Lima) is a retired Peruvian football defender.
Career.
Meléndez was one of South America's most recognized defenders of his time, and was a great success in Argentine football, to the point of being considered an all-time first team member at Boca Juniors.
Meléndez played a total of 156 games for Boca in all competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="21498653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498653" title="Warren Loving">
Warren Loving

Warren Eric Loving (born November 12, 1960 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played running back in 1987 for the Buffalo Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="21498662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498662" title="Oral arm">
Oral arm

An Oral arm is an anatomical structure of "true" sea jellies (or Scyphozoans), which belong to the class Scyphozoa. Oral arms characterize Semaeostomeae, an order of large jellyfish.
The oral arms (of which there are usually four) are located around the mouth and hold the stinging cells, or cnidocysts, which are used to inject potential prey (or potential predators) with venom.
Functions.
These four long oral arms, hang from the centre of the underside, where the mouth of the jellyfish is located. In most cases, 24 other, thinner extensile tentacles hang from the rim of the bell. Jellyfish reproduce sexually. Males release sperm through their mouth into the water column and this is received into the female's mouth, where fertilization occurs. Development has to occur pretty quickly, as the lifespan of a jellyfish is only a few months. The eggs develop either inside the female, or in brood pouches located on the oral arms. They also aid in the capture and ingestion of food, and may contain stinging cells.

</doc>
<doc id="21498669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498669" title="Saneh Lungkeaw">
Saneh Lungkeaw

Saneh Lungkaew (born 19 September 1974) is a Thailand national beach soccer team player.

</doc>
<doc id="21498677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498677" title="Anoualerpeton">
Anoualerpeton

Anoualerpeton is an extinct genus of lissamphibian in the family Albanerpetontidae. Fossils have been found of two different species in England and Morocco dating back to the Bathonian stage of the Middle Jurassic and the Berriasian stage of the Early Cretaceous, respectively. 
It is thought to be the most basal genus of the Albanerpetontids, and in the case of the species "A. unicus", the only albanerpetontid known to have existed in Gondwana.

</doc>
<doc id="21498687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498687" title="Samakele">
Samakele

Samakele is a small town and seat of the commune of Ben Kadi in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498725" title="Bap-Tizum">
Bap-Tizum

Bap-Tizum is a 1972 live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded at the Ann Arbor Blues and Jazz Festival held at the Otis Spann Memorial Field and first released on the Atlantic label in 1972. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 5 stars noting that "the Art Ensemble holds back nothing in a chaotic, meandering, exasperating, outrageous -- and, thus, always fascinating -- performance".
Critic Michael G. Nastos calls the album "essential". Author Rafi Zabor describes the album as a "riotous" real-life analogue to his depiction of a fictional, tumultuous Art Ensemble performance in "The Bear Comes Home".

</doc>
<doc id="21498781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498781" title="Touba, Mali">
Touba, Mali

Touba is a small town and seat of the commune of Duguwolowula in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498790" title="Peshastin, Washington">
Peshastin, Washington

Peshastin is a small unincorporated community in Chelan County, Washington, United States. The community's roots are found in the "Peshastin Ditch" dug by pioneers beginning in 1889. This ditch was an important part of the overall irrigation system in the area, delivering water to the orchards on the slopes above Cashmere. The town was first platted in the early 1890s by two brothers, J. Q. Gilbert and A. C. Gilbert. It is also noted on an 1895 map of the area, indicating it was in existence by then.
Today, Peshastin is still a small community with one elementary school and a library.

</doc>
<doc id="21498800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498800" title="Arboretum Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte">
Arboretum Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte

The Arboretum Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte is the arboretum located along a botanical path in Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France. It contains over 200 trees and is open daily without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="21498808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498808" title="Kotoula">
Kotoula

Kotoula is a small town and seat of the commune of Benkadi in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498810" title="List of works by Henri Matisse">
List of works by Henri Matisse

This is an incomplete list of works by the French modern artist Henri Matisse (31 December 1869 – 3 November 1954). He is admired for his use of color and his fluid, brilliant and original draughtsmanship. He was a Master draughtsman, printmaker, and sculptor, but is known primarily as a painter. Matisse is regarded, with Pablo Picasso, as the greatest artist of the 20th century. Although he was initially labeled as a Fauve (wild beast), by the 1920s, he was increasingly hailed as an upholder of the classical tradition in French painting.
His mastery of the expressive language of color and drawing, displayed in a body of work spanning over a half-century, won him recognition as a leading figure in modern art.
Sculptures.
Many of Matisse's sculptures were modeled in clay and later cast in bronze, a process which allows for multiple copies to be made. Because of that, many of these works exist in multiple copies and are in the collections of multiple museums.

</doc>
<doc id="21498812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498812" title="Kosmos 2251">
Kosmos 2251

Kosmos-2251, ( meaning "Cosmos 2251"), was a Russian Strela-2M communications satellite. It was launched into Low Earth orbit from Site 132/1 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome at 04:17 UTC on 16 June 1993, by a Kosmos-3M carrier rocket.
Destruction.
At 16:56 UTC on 10 February 2009, it collided with Iridium 33, an Iridium satellite, in the first major collision of two satellites in Earth orbit. The Iridium satellite, which was operational at the time of the collision, was destroyed, as was Kosmos-2251. NASA reported that a large amount of debris was produced by the collision.

</doc>
<doc id="21498815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498815" title="Convexoid operator">
Convexoid operator

In mathematics, especially operator theory, a convexoid operator is a bounded linear operator "T" on a complex Hilbert space "H" such that the closure of the numerical range coincides with the convex hull of its spectrum.
An example of such an operator is a normal operator (or some of its generalization).
A closely related operator is a spectraloid operator: an operator whose spectral radius coincides with its numerical radius. In fact, an operator "T" is convexoid if and only if formula_1 is spectraloid for every complex number formula_2.

</doc>
<doc id="21498832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498832" title="Brian Armstrong (footballer)">
Brian Armstrong (footballer)

Brian Armstrong is a former New Zealand association football player who represented New Zealand.
Armstrong made his full All Whites debut in a 5-1 win over Fiji on 17 February 1973 and he ended his international playing career with 9 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap being a substitute appearance in a 1-1 draw with Australia on 4 March 1975.
Armstrong's family is well represented in international football. His father Ken Armstrong was a dual international representing both England and New Zealand, his brother Ron Armstrong also represented New Zealand while niece Bridgette Armstrong represented New Zealand at senior level and at the 2008 FIFA U-17 and FIFA U-20 Women's World Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="21498836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498836" title="Tingole">
Tingole

Tingole is a village and seat of the commune of Binko in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21498840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498840" title="Red Riviera">
Red Riviera

Red Riviera is an Australian racehorse part owned by the British artist Mark Wallinger and the muse for the newly commission 50 metre Stallion of the South statue, due to be built in the Ebbsfleet Valley, Kent.
On the day that Wallinger's project was announced as successful Red Riviera won the 2.40pm race at Lingfield.

</doc>
<doc id="21498843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498843" title="Florida Classic (Nationwide Tour event)">
Florida Classic (Nationwide Tour event)

The Florida Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1999 to 2001. It was played at the Gainesville Country Club in Gainesville, Florida.
The purse in 2001 was US$425,000, with $76,500 going to the winner.
Winners.
BUY.COM Florida Classic
NIKE Florida Classic

</doc>
<doc id="21498866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498866" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1948">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1948

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1948 took place on 28 November 1948.
Results.
Regional totals.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Trentino.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
South Tyrol.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region

</doc>
<doc id="21498869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498869" title="Belekosoba">
Belekosoba

Belekosoba is a small town and seat of the commune of Diedougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 
The estimate terrain elevation above seal level is 305 metres. Variant forms of spelling for Béléko-Soba or in other languages: Benkou, Bélékoro, Belekou, Béléko, Béléko-Soba, Benkou (fr), Belekou (fr), Bélékoro (fr), Béléko (fr), Beleko, Beleko-Soba, Belekoro, Belekou, Benkou, Béléko, Béléko-Soba, Bélékoro.

</doc>
<doc id="21498875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498875" title="Fanfare for the Warriors">
Fanfare for the Warriors

Fanfare for the Warriors is a 1973 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released on the Atlantic label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye along with AACM leader Muhal Richard Abrams.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "The Art Ensemble of Chicago's first (and arguably most significant) period concluded with this high-quality studio session... all of the selections have their own musical personality. It's a fine showcase for this important avant-garde unit".

</doc>
<doc id="21498900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498900" title="2009 Daytona AMA Superbike Championship round">
2009 Daytona AMA Superbike Championship round

67th Daytona 200 By Honda
Schedule.
Wednesday March 4<br>
9:00am – 9:30am Practice SuperSport (SC)<br>
9:45am – 10:45am Practice American Superbike (SC)<br>
11:15am – 12:15pm Practice SunTrust Moto-GT (LC)<br>
12:30pm – 1:30pm Practice Daytona SportBike (LC) <br>
1:30pm – 2:30pm Mid-day Break<br>
2:30pm – 3:30pm Practice SuperSport<br>
3:45pm – 4:45pm Practice American Superbike with Safety Car<br>
5:15pm – 6:15pm Practice SunTrust Moto-GT<br>
6:30pm – 8:00pm Practice Daytona SportBike with Safety Car<br>
<br>
Thursday March 5<br>
8:00am – 9:00am Qualifying SunTrust Moto-GT<br>
9:15am – 9:45am Basic Qualifying Daytona Sportbike<br>
10:15am – 10:45am Basic Qualifying American Superbike<br>
11:00am – 11:30am Qualifying SuperSport<br>
11:45pm – 12:30pm SuperPole American Superbike<br>
12:30pm – 1:30pm Mid-day Break<br>
12:40pm Autograph Session – American Superbike, Daytona Sportbike and SunTrust Moto-GT in the Sprint FANZONE<br>
1:30pm Opening Ceremonies - SuperSport<br>
2:00pm 35-Mile Race SuperSport<br>
3:00pm Opening Ceremonies - American Superbike<br>
3:30pm 50-Mile Race American Superbike<br>
6:30pm SuperPole Daytona SportBike<br>
<br>
Friday March 6<br>
2:00pm – 2:30pm Warm-Up SunTrust Moto-GT<br>
2:45pm – 3:15pm Warm-Up Daytona SportBike<br>
3:30pm Opening Ceremonies - SunTrust Moto-GT<br>
4:00pm 2 Hour Race SunTrust Moto-GT<br>
7:15pm Opening Ceremonies - Daytona SportBike<br>
8:00pm Daytona 200 By Honda Cumguzzler
AMA Pro American Superbike.
Results.
1. Mat Mladin (Suz GSX-R1000), 15 laps<br>
2. Neil Hodgson (Hon CBR1000RR), -1.027 seconds<br>
3. Tommy Hayden (Suz GSX-R1000), -1.028<br>
4. Larry Pegram (Duc 1098R), -10.117<br>
5. Blake Young (Suz GSX-R1000), -16.008<br>
6. Ben Bostrom (Yam YZF-R1), -16.213<br>
7. Aaron Yates (Suz GSX-R1000), -16.363<br>
8. Josh Hayes (Yam YZF-R1), -28.358, ran off track<br>
9. Michael Laverty (Suz GSX-R1000), -28.433<br>
10. Geoff May (Suz GSX-R1000), -31.584<br>
11. Jeff Wood (Suz GSX-R1000), -47.201<br>
12. Aaron Gobert (Hon CBR1000RR), -57.270<br>
13. Hawk Mazzotta (Suz GSX-R1000), -58.857<br>
14. Chris Ulrich (Suz GSX-R1000), -58.950<br>
15. Jeff Tigert (Hon CBR1000RR), -58.970<br>
16. Scott Jensen (Suz GSX-R1000), -67.586<br>
17. Barrett Long (Duc 1098R), -67.622<br>
18. Scott Greenwood (Suz GSX-R1000), -67.942<br>
19. Shane Narbonne (Suz GSX-R1000), -68.046<br>
20. Mark Crozier (Yam YZF-R1), -71.556<br>
21. Brett McCormick (Suz GSX-R1000), -77.907<br>
22. Brad Hendry (Duc 1098R), -79.440<br>
23. Dean Mizdal (Suz GSX-R1000), -93.973<br>
24. Reno Karimian (Suz GSX-R1000), -93.944<br>
25. Shawn Higbee (Buell 1125R), -1 lap<br>
26. Johnny Rock Page (Yam YZF-R1), -1 lap, 17.135 seconds<br>
27. Josh Graham (Yam YZF-R1), -1 lap, 27.725<br>
28. David Loikits (Suz GSX-R1000), -1 lap, 41.847<br>
29. Davie Stone (Hon CBR1000RR), -2 laps<br>
30. David Anthony (Suz GSX-R1000), -7 laps, DNF<br>
31. Taylor Knapp (Suz GSX-R1000), -11 laps, DNF, mechanical<br>
32. Jake Holden (Hon CBR1000RR), -12 laps, DNF<br>
33. Ryan Elleby (Suz GSX-R1000), -13 laps, DNF

</doc>
<doc id="21498906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498906" title="Dandougou, Mali">
Dandougou, Mali


</doc>
<doc id="21498913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498913" title="Roger Harper (American football)">
Roger Harper (American football)

Roger Michael Harper is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="21498922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498922" title="How to Be a Megastar Live!">
How to Be a Megastar Live!

How to Be a Megastar Live! is a live BD/DVD/CD by Blue Man Group. It was filmed in San Antonio, Texas and featured the Texas-locale Blue Men with many other never-before seen performances. As an added bonus, "Saturday Night Live" member Fred Armisen participated in the concert, first in Rock Manual Infomercial and later in "Mono: Save the Boxy TVs," a special feature on the DVD. The DVD/CD/BD set was released from Blue Man Group Music and Rhino Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21498931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498931" title="N'Tobougou">
N'Tobougou

N'Tobougou is a small town and seat of the commune of Kilidougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498945" title="David Hunt (racing driver)">
David Hunt (racing driver)

David Hunt (born 20 May 1960 in Belmont, Sutton), is a British former racing driver and younger brother of 1976 Formula One world champion James Hunt.
Hunt started racing at 15 and moved up to Formula Ford in 1981. He competed in the British Formula Three Championship for five seasons from 1983 to 1987 against the likes of Ayrton Senna, Martin Donnelly, Martin Brundle and Damon Hill. He raced in the International Formula 3000 championship in 1988 and in the same year tested for the Benetton Formula 1 team. He then quit racing.
At the end of 1994 he sold his multi-level marketing business, selling water filters, and purchased the bankrupt Lotus team to try to save it, but had no success. He continued to work on getting Lotus back into the top echelons of motor sport until 2009, when he sold the rights to the Lotus name to the Litespeed Formula 3 team. Litespeed applied to compete in the 2010 Formula One season but was refused entry. However, a Lotus entry backed by the Malaysian government was later given an entry for 2010 after the selection process was re-opened following the announcement that BMW Sauber would withdraw from the sport at the conclusion of the 2009 season. The team was called Lotus Racing.
In the summer of 2010, 1Malaysia which ran an F1 team as Lotus Racing under licence from Lotus Cars bought Team Lotus Ventures Ltd from David Hunt. After this 1Malaysia would run its team as Team Lotus from 2011 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="21498947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498947" title="Florida State Road 189">
Florida State Road 189

State Road 189 (SR 189) is a north–south highway in the panhandle of Florida. It leads from U.S. Route 98 in downtown Fort Walton Beach to just east of State Road 85 at the Eglin AFB West Gate where its southern section terminates. The northern section begins at an intersection with State Road 4 in Baker, Florida north to the Alabama / Florida state line where Alabama State Route 137 begins upon crossing the Alabama state line.
The more common name for the southern portion is Lewis Turner Boulevard.
Both segments were once connected through Eglin AFB.
Future.
Part of SR 189 will be resurfaced in 2012.
The Five Mile Bayou bridge is labeled as structurally deficient. There are plans to replace the bridge starting in 2014 with two 12-foot travel lanes in each direction.
Related routes.
County Road 189.
County Road 189 is a county extension of State Road 189 in west central Okaloosa County. It spans from I-10 at Exit 45 in Holt as Log Lake Road, where it runs north to the hear of Holt, and turns east in a concurrency with US 90. The concurrency ends in Galliver, where CR 90 turns north and later ends at State Road 4 in Baker, thus becoming a hidden concurrency with SR 4 until it branches off to the north as a state highway.
County Road 189A.
County Road 189A in northwestern Okaloosa County is a county suffixed alternate of CR 189. The route begins in Holt at US 90 two blocks east of the west end of the concurrency with CR 189 as Main Street. After the intersection of Fourth Street it becomes Poplar Head Church Road. It takes a sharp right turn to the east and at the intersection with Gerald Brooks Road it is renamed Melton Road. CR 189A ends at SR 4 just west of Baker.
County Road 189A.
County Road 189A in southeastern Okaloosa County is a county suffixed alternate of SR 189. The road is named Yacht Club Drive and spans from SR 189 in Cinco Bayou to Ferry Road Northeast in Fort Walton Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="21498949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498949" title="Jim Bob Morris">
Jim Bob Morris

Jim Bob Morris is a former professional American football player who played safety for the Green Bay Packers in 1987–88 and played in the USFL for three years with the San Antonio Gunslingers and Memphis Showboats].
Jim Bob grew up in Virgil Kansas, population 60. He attended Hamilton High where he was All-State in football, basketball and track and holds records for most points scored in a football game of 76 points, scoring (12) touchdowns and (2) extra points, most yards rushed 354, total yards for a game 768. He also holds the team record for most points scored in a basketball game at (48).
He was signed to a basketball scholarship at Coffeyville Jr. College in 1978. During his freshman year at Coffeyville he played football, basketball and track. His freshman year the team record was 10-1 and capped the year as Coca Cola Bowl Champions defeating Iowa Central the number one ranked team in the country by a margin of 38-6. Jim also played guard on the nationally ranked basketball team, playing in the National Championship tournament, and he participated in track winning a spot to attend the Junior College National Track Championship as a triple jumper placing 4th. Jim Bob was selected to the All Jayhawk Juco All Conference Team and was an All-American per the "Grid Wire". He was voted as Student Body President in 1979 and won the Presidents Athlete Award as well.
After the 1979 season, Jim Bob was offered a football scholarship to attend Kansas State University where he was coached by Jim Dickey. Jim Bob was an immediate starter for Kansas State and earned All Big Eight honors as a safety and helped lead Kansas State to their first bowl appearance in the schools history in 1982 at the Independence Bowl versus Wisconsin. He led the team in interceptions in 1981.
After graduation Jim Bob signed a free agent contract with the Kansas City Chiefs. He subsequently played for in the USFL for the San Antonio Gunslingers (1984–86) and the Memphis Showboats (1986). In 1987 he joined the Green Bay Packers and lead the team and league in interception return yardage with 174 yards and was second on the team in sacks. He holds the record for the first-year player interceptions for Green Baby. He joined the Houston Oilers as a free agent in 1989 and officially retired from football in 1990.
Jim Bob is married to his wife Lori and they have four children, Alexandra, Nicholas, James and Ava and the live in Bloomington, Illinois. He is the owner and proprietor of several food packaging and ingredients companies as well as a partner with an arena football team.

</doc>
<doc id="21498956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498956" title="Marka Coungo">
Marka Coungo

Marka Coungo is a small town and seat of the commune of Zan Coulibaly in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498957" title="Palazzo Barbaran da Porto">
Palazzo Barbaran da Porto

Palazzo Barbaran Da Porto is a "palazzo" in Vicenza, Italy designed in 1569 and built between 1570 and 1575 by Andrea Palladio.
Since 1994 the palace is part of the "City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto" World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
In the palace is located the "Museo Palladio" and the Centro Internazionale di Studi di Architettura Andrea Palladio (CISA).
History.
The sumptuous residence realised between 1570 and 1575 for the Vicentine noble Montano Barbarano is the only great city palace that Andrea Palladio succeeded in executing in its entirety.
In his "History of Vicenza" of 1591, Iacopo Marzari records Montano Barbarano as a man “of belles lettres and most excellent musician”. Various flutes figure in the 1592 inventory of the palace, confirming the existence of an intensive musical activity there.
At least three different autograph projects survive, preserved in London, which document alternative hypotheses for the building’s plan, all quite different from the actual one and testimony to a complex design process. Barbarano, in fact, requested Palladio to respect the existence of various houses belonging to the family and already existing on the area of the new palace. Moreover, once the project was finalised Barbarano acquired a further house adjoining the property, which resulted in the asymmetrical positioning of the entrance portal. In any case, the constraints imposed by the site and by a practical patron became the occasion for courageous and refined solutions: Palladio’s intervention is magisterial, elaborating upon a sophisticated project for “restructuring” which blended the diverse pre-existing structures into a unified edifice.
In 1998, after a twenty-year restoration, the Palace has been opened to the public. The exhibition activities began in March 1999.
Description.
On the ground floor, a magnificent four-columned atrium welds together the two pre-existing building lots. In realising the scheme, Palladio was called upon to resolve two problems: one statical, how to support the floor of the great hall on the "piano nobile"; the other compositional, how to restore a symmetrical appearance to interiors compromised by the oblique course of the perimeter walls from the pre-existing houses.
Departing from the model of the wings of the Theatre of Marcellus in Rome, Palladio divided the interior into three aisles, placing centrally four Ionic columns which allowed the reduction of the span of the central cross-vaults, set against lateral barrel vaults. He thus achieved a very statically efficient framework capable of bearing the floor of the hall above without any difficulty.
The central columns were then tied to the perimeter walls by fragments of rectilinear entablature, which absorb the irregularities of the atrium plan: in this way he realised a sort of system of “serlianas”, a stratagem conceptually similar to that of the Basilica loggias. Palladio even adopted the unusual type of Ionic capital – derived from the Temple of Saturn in the Forum Romanum – because it permitted him to mask the slight but significant rotations necessary to align the columns and engaged columns.
Decoration.
To decorate the palace, in several campaigns Montano employed some of the greatest artists of his time: Giovanni Battista Zelotti (who had already intervened in the interiors of Palladio’s Villa Emo at Fanzolo), Anselmo Canera and Andrea Vicentino; the stuccoes were entrusted to Lorenzo Rubini (who contemporaneously executed the external decorations of the Loggia del Capitanio) and, after his death in 1574, to his son Agostino. The net result was a sumptuous palace capable of rivalling the residences of the Thiene, the Porto and of the Valmarana, a palace which permitted its patron to represent himself to the city as a ranking member of the Vicentine cultural élite.

</doc>
<doc id="21498958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498958" title="Shah Iqbal Mujtaba">
Shah Iqbal Mujtaba

Rear Admiral Shah Iqbal Mujtaba, ndc, psc, BN (born 1948) is formerChief of Staff for the Bangladesh Navy. 
Early life.
Admiral Mujtaba joined the erstwhile Pakistan Navy as an officer cadet on November 11, 1966 and commissioned in the Executive Branch on June 1, 1970.
Mujtaba graduated from the Defence Services Command & Staff College Dhaka and from the National Defence College Dhaka in 2001. Besides He attended Senior International Defence Management Course (SIDMC) at US Naval Postgraduate School in 1993 and Legal Aspect of Military & Peacekeeping Operations Course at the US Naval Justice School in 1998.
Naval commands.
As a qualified officer, Rear Admiral Mujtaba commanded various kinds of ships and establishments. He performed as Director of Naval Operations (DNO), Director of Naval Plans (DNP) and Director of Naval Intelligence (DNI) at Naval Headquarters. 
As a senior officer of Bangladesh Navy Admiral Mujtaba held all kinds of command and staff positions that includes Naval Administrative Authority Dhaka (ADMIN Dhaka), Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL), Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN) and Commodore Commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). At Naval Headquarters he served as Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Operations) and Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Personnel). 
Besides his professional duties he also served as Deputy Commandant of Defence Services Command and Staff College, Dhaka. He was also the Senior Directing Staff at the National Defence College, Dhaka. Mujtaba held a diplomatic appointment as Defence Adviser/Attache in Malaysia. Prior to his appointment as Chief of Naval Staff, he served as Director General of Bangladesh Coast Guard under the Ministry of Home Affairs. 
Rear Admiral Shah Iqbal Mujtaba Appointed as Chief of Naval Staff on June 4, 2002. Admiral Mujtaba came to normal retirement on 10 January 2005 after ending his long 34 years naval service.
Personal life.
Admiral Mujataba married Naima Mujtaba and is blessed with two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21498961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498961" title="N'Gara">
N'Gara

N'Gara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21498976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498976" title="Diolila">
Diolila

Dioila is a small town and seat of the commune of Kaladougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21498995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21498995" title="William Graham (American football)">
William Graham (American football)

William Roger Graham is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Detroit Lions in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21499017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499017" title="Jefferson Davis Hotel">
Jefferson Davis Hotel

The Jefferson Davis Hotel is a former hotel located in Montgomery, Alabama. Built in 1927, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1979. The buildings used to feature the WSFA radio studio, where Hank Williams performed in the late 1930s. The hotel remained segregated into the 1960s. African-American preachers, among them Ralph David Abernathy and Martin Luther King, Jr., were allowed into WSFA's studio to broadcast a sermon on Sunday mornings. It is currently used as apartments for the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="21499023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499023" title="Stenka Razin (film)">
Stenka Razin (film)

Stenka Razin () is the first finished Russian narrative film. The 10 minute silent film is a fictionalized account of episodes from the life of Stenka Razin. It premiered on .

</doc>
<doc id="21499026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499026" title="Chi-Congo">
Chi-Congo

Chi-Congo is a 1970 album recorded in Paris by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released in 1972 on the Decca Records label, later reissued in the US by Paula. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut, and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Rob Ferrier awarded the album 4 stars noting that "these gentlemen are sterling musicians and everything is done for a purpose, exactly when they want it to happen. A wonderful record by a bunch of really great guys". 

</doc>
<doc id="21499063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499063" title="Robert Moore (American football)">
Robert Moore (American football)

Robert Anthony Moore (born August 15, 1964 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the Atlanta Falcons.

</doc>
<doc id="21499065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499065" title="Arboretum de la Grand Prée">
Arboretum de la Grand Prée

The Arboretum de la Grand Prée (4 hectares) is an arboretum located at 2 impasse Petit Pavillon, Le Mans, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France. It is open by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="21499093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499093" title="List of German inventions and discoveries">
List of German inventions and discoveries

The following list is composed of items, techniques and processes that were invented by or discovered by people from Germany or German-speaking Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="21499105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499105" title="Iridium 33">
Iridium 33

Iridium 33 was a U.S. Iridium communications satellite. It was launched into low Earth orbit from Site 81/23 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome at 01:36 GMT on 14 September 1997, by a Proton-K carrier rocket with a Block DM2 upper stage. It was operated in Plane 3 of the Iridium satellite constellation, with an ascending node of 230.9°.
Destruction.
On 10 February 2009, at 16:56 GMT, Kosmos 2251 (a retired Strela satellite) and Iridium 33 collided, resulting in the destruction of both spacecraft. NASA reported that a large amount of space debris was produced by the collision.

</doc>
<doc id="21499106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499106" title="Hugo Hollas">
Hugo Hollas

Hugo Andrew Hollas (November 30, 1945September 6, 1995) was a professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the New Orleans Saints and the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="21499125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499125" title="Fruit Fly (film)">
Fruit Fly (film)

Fruit Fly is a 2009 musical film with gay and Asian-American themes, directed by H.P. Mendoza, who wrote the screenplay for "Colma The Musical" (2007). The film, made entirely in San Francisco, premiered on March 15, 2009 at the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco. It had a limited one-week run in New York on September 24, 2010.
Plot.
"Fruit Fly" is a musical comedy about Ivan de Guzman, a Filipino performance artist finding home in the unlikeliest places. He moves into an artist commune in an attempt to workshop his latest piece which deals with finding his lunch. In the process, he finds an artistic family, clues of his lunch’s whereabouts, and the startling possibility that he just might be a fag-hag.
Subplots include his relationship with his roommates in the artist commune, and their relationships with each other.

</doc>
<doc id="21499128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499128" title="Alph Lake">
Alph Lake

Alph Lake lies at the foot of Ward Valley on the north-west side of Koettlitz Glacier, Scott Coast, Antarctica. It is long, and surrounded by steep morainic walls. It was named by Griffith Taylor of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, led by Captain Robert Falcon Scott, in association with Alph River, which flows through the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21499147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499147" title="Bret Clark">
Bret Clark

Bret Clark (born February 24, 1961 in Nebraska City, Nebraska) is a former professional American football player. Clark played for the in-state Nebraska Cornhuskers football team, for whom he was an All-American defensive back during his senior year of 1984. After college, he played one season with the United States Football League's Tampa Bay Bandits, then started at safety for three seasons with the National Football League's Atlanta Falcons. A serious and chronic knee injury ended his professional football career in 1988.
Bret Clark is also known for effectively ending the existence of the Tampa Bay Bandits. Clark sued his former team seeking back pay owed to him after the USFL suspended operations in 1986. The Bandits lost the suit but could not afford to fulfill his contract, so a judge ordered that the team's remaining assets be confiscated to repay the debt to Clark.
Early life / University of Nebraska.
Bret Clark was born in Nebraska City, Nebraska to Kenneth and Alice Clark. He was an all-state defensive back at Nebraska City High School and, upon graduating in 1980, accepted an athletic scholarship to play for the University of Nebraska Cornuskers under coach Tom Osborne.
Clark spent one year on Nebraska's freshman squad and one year as a redshirt. He received increasing playing time during his sophomore year of 1982 and led the Cornhusker secondary in tackles. Clark was a starter during his junior and senior seasons and won many accolades. He was a consensus All-Big Eight Conference performer in 1983 and 1984, and was listed as an All-American by several publications in 1984. At the conclusion of his college career, he held Nebraska records for passes broken up in a season, passes broken up in a career, and career unassisted tackles by a defensive back.
Professional career.
USFL.
Clark was drafted by the Los Angeles Raiders in the 7th round of the 1985 NFL Draft but chose to accept a $1 million contract offer from the USFL's Tampa Bay Bandits. Later, Bandits coach Steve Spurrier questioned whether Clark was worth that much, and he and others close to the franchise suggested that the unusually large contract was evidence that team owner John F. Bassett's judgment at the time was impaired by his terminal brain cancer. Clark played in 7 games with the Bandits during the USFL's final season, mostly as a 5th defensive back and on special teams.
The contract came back to haunt the Bandits in August 1986, after the USFL had ceased operations and its franchises were in limbo. Clark sued the Bandits for back pay and won a lien for $159,980. The team did not have the funds available, so a court ordered that the Bandits' remaining assets - including everything from weight-lifting equipment to office furniture to uniforms to souvenirs and memorabilia from the team store - be confiscated to pay the debt, effectively folding the franchise.
NFL.
The Atlanta Falcons traded their 4th round draft pick in the 1986 NFL Draft to the Raiders for the rights to Clark, and he signed a contract with the team soon thereafter. As a member of the Falcons, Clark returned to the Bandits' home field of Tampa Stadium for an August 1986 preseason game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers just days after the conclusion of his lawsuit against the Bandits. Accordingly, he was booed by Tampa football fans for his role in finishing off the city's other pro football team.
Clark played three years for Atlanta, mostly as a starting safety. A chronic knee injury required surgery during the 1988 season and landed him on injured reserve. The injury effectively ended his football career, as the Falcons chose not to offer him a contract for the following season.
In 1998, Clark wrote a book about his experiences entitled "Movin' On: My Life in the NFL".

</doc>
<doc id="21499161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499161" title="Senou">
Senou

Senou is a small town and seat of the commune of Kemekafo in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499164" title="Juan Joya">
Juan Joya

Juan Joya Cordero (born February 25, 1934 in Lima, Peru; died March 29, 2007) is a former Peruvian football (soccer) player, recognized as one of Peru's most important strikers.
He established himself as a left-winger during the 1960s in the most successful team in the history of Peñarol of Uruguay winning 11 major titles and remains one of their most iconic players.
Playing career.
Also known as "Negro el once", Joya started his playing career in the youth team of Alianza Lima. Joya helped the team to win back to back titles in 1954 and 1955. In 1958, Joya scored 17 goals in 18 matches of the Peruvian league, making him the league's top goalscorer.
In 1960 he joined River Plate of Argentina. He helped reach second place at the Argentina championship.
In 1961 he joined Peñarol where he was part of the team that won 6 Uruguayan league championships, two Copa Libertadores and a two Copa Intercontinental.
Joya played 9 games for the Peru national team in which he scored 3. He played in two Copa America in 1957 and 1959. Joya was part of the Peru national team which demolished England 4-1 in Lima, a game in which he scored the fourth goal.

</doc>
<doc id="21499177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499177" title="Mena, Koulikoro">
Mena, Koulikoro

Mena is a small town and seat of the commune of N'Dolondougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499199" title="Falako">
Falako

Falako is a small town and seat of the commune of Tenindougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499216" title="Scott Coast">
Scott Coast

Scott Coast () is that portion of the coast of Victoria Land between Cape Washington and Minna Bluff. Named by New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC) in 1961 after Captain Robert Falcon Scott, Royal Navy, leader of the "Discovery" expedition (1901–04) and the British Antarctic Expedition (1910-13), who lost his life on the return journey from the South Pole. Much of the early exploration of this coastline was accomplished by Scott and his colleagues, and many of the names in the region were bestowed by him.

</doc>
<doc id="21499243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499243" title="Danae racemosa">
Danae racemosa

Danae is a monotypic genus of flowering plants with only one species, Danae racemosa. It is a slow-growing evergreen shrub about 60 cm in diameter and its common names are Alexandrian laurel and Poet's laurel. In the APG III classification system, "Danae" is placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae).

</doc>
<doc id="21499248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499248" title="Ainsley Battles">
Ainsley Battles

Ainsley Thomas Battles (born November 6, 1978 in Lilburn, Georgia) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Jacksonville Jaguars. During a heated 2003 training camp battle for starting strong safety with the Buffalo Bills, Ainsley Battles left the team for an undisclosed reason.

</doc>
<doc id="21499251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499251" title="Art Ensemble of Chicago with Fontella Bass">
Art Ensemble of Chicago with Fontella Bass

Art Ensemble of Chicago with Fontella Bass is a 1970 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris and first released on the America label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut, Fontella Bass and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states "Bass, an R&B and gospel singer by trade and Lester Bowie's wife at the time, adds a wonderful theatrical and sonic dimension to the Art Ensemble's creative juggernaut... This set stands the test of time beautifully".

</doc>
<doc id="21499274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499274" title="Hier kommt Alex">
Hier kommt Alex

"Hier kommt Alex" ("Here comes Alex") is a song by German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It is the first single and the first track from the album "Ein kleines bisschen Horrorschau". The song in concept introduces Alex, who is the central character on the concept album. The Alex in the song is "Alex DeLarge", from the book "A Clockwork Orange".
"Hier kommt Alex" is structurally and musically similar to the last track from the album, "Bye, Bye Alex".
Music video.
The video was directed by Walter Knofel. 
Inclusions in video games.
The song appears as a bonus track in the game "". It is also available as downloadable content for "Guitar Hero World Tour".
It is included in the European release of "Rock Band", and as a downloadable track on the American version. Due to licensing issues the song isn't compatible with Rock Band 3 or Rock Band Blitz. According to the official Rock Band website the song will be taken down from DLC services as of June 30th, 2013. 
Cover versions.
The song has been covered by many artists, among them Samsas Traum on "Endstation.Eden", Gatos Sucios on "Punto limite", Thomas Baldischwyler for the compilation "Pudel Produkte 8", Sonnenbrandt, Scala & Kolacny Brothers on the album "Grenzenlos". British punk band UK Subs covered it in English as "Here Comes Alex".
According to an interview, Die Ärzte had spontaneously played the song on a benefit concert to attract more crowd, because people were leaving after a bad band.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/alldieganzenjahre_freunde_bela2.php]
The Return of Alex.
There's also an English version of the song, titled "The Return of Alex". This was released as a promo single for UK from the all-English album "Love, Peace & Money".
Music video.
The video was directed by René Eller and shows the band performing in a black-and-white TV-set.
Track listing.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
2005 unplugged version.
"Hier kommt Alex" was also released as a single from the 2005 unplugged album "". The song is introduced with the first bars of the first movement of Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata".
Music video.
The video contains live footage.

</doc>
<doc id="21499287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499287" title="Hams Hall power stations">
Hams Hall power stations

Hams Hall Power Station refers to a series of three, now demolished coal-fired power stations, situated in Warwickshire in the West Midlands of England, from Birmingham.
History.
Hams Hall A.
Following the death of Lord Norton in 1905, his estate was put up for sale in 1911. Part of the house was rebuilt near Cirencester, but the rest was demolished in 1920. Hams Hall Power Station was constructed on the site in 1928. It opened in 1929 with a generating capacity of 90,000 kilowatts (kW). This was increased to 240,000 kW. The station burned approximately 774,000 tonnes of coal a year. At the time it was one of the largest power stations in Europe.
The station was also the first power station in the United Kingdom to burn pulverised coal, rather than lumps of coal. It was also used as a prototype site for the installation of gas turbines in coal-fired plants. Water for the station was cooled by six reinforced concrete hyperbolic cooling towers. At the time, these were the largest cooling towers ever built. The station had two tall chimneys.
The station's closure was announced in 1975, following a fall in electricity consumption. By the time of its closure its generating capacity had fallen to 151 MW. The station's chimneys and cooling towers were demolished in 1978.
Hams Hall B.
The second station on the site, Hams Hall B Power Station, was planned in 1937. It began generating electricity in 1942. The station was expanded between 1946 and 1949. The station had a generating capacity of 160,500 kW. Its water was cooled by four cooling towers. The station used Parsons turbo-alternators.
In December 1945 there was complaint about pollution from the station. This was caused by a corroded metal connection between the boilers and the chimneys. The pollution continued until 1948, when the connection was eventually replaced.
The station closed on 26 October 1981 after 39 years of operation. It had a generating capacity of 306 MW at the time of its closure. Its four cooling towers were demolished in November 1985, with chimney number 2 going down in September 1988.
Hams Hall C.
The third, final station to be constructed on the site was Hams Hall C Power Station, built in the 1950s and commissioned between 1956 and 1958. The station's water was cooled by three high natural draft cooling towers. It generated 357 MW of electricity using six generating sets.
In 1968, the station was under consideration to be converted to fuelled by natural gas, after a successful experimental trial of the fuel in one of the station's boilers earlier in the year. In October 1968 permission for the conversion was refused due to difficulties in the coal industry. Despite this, talk of conversion started again in 1970, and following discussion with the National Coal Board and the National Union of Mineworkers, permission was granted for the station to co-fire coal and natural gas.
Following privatisation in 1990, the station was operated by Powergen. The C station closed in 1992. Its two chimneys and three cooling towers were demolished on 15 December 1993, under darkness.
Proposed D station.
In 1968 the site was considered for a fourth power station. The CEGB made routine investigations into the feasibility of a D station, but nothing was ever built.
Post closure.
After closure and demolition of the power stations an industrial estate was constructed on the site. Alfred McAlpine were involved in the construction work of the new estate. The site is still owned by E.ON, the current form of PowerGen, and known as Hams Hall Distribution Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21499293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499293" title="Kéniéba, Koulikoro">
Kéniéba, Koulikoro

Kéniéba is a small town and seat of the commune of Benkadi Habaladougou in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499297" title="Spirit River Formation">
Spirit River Formation

The Spirit River Formation is a stratigraphical unit of middle Albian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the Spirit River, and was first described in Imperial Oil Spirit River No. 1 well by Badgley in 1952.
Lithology.
The Spirit River Formation consists, from bottom to top of fine to medium grained argillaceous sandstone, dark shale, ironstone, greywacke, shale, siltstone, coal and dark shale with thin sandstone and siltstone stringers.
Hydrocarbon production.
Gas is produced from channels developed in the Falher Member in northern Alberta.
Distribution.
The Spirit River Formation reaches a maximum thickness of . It is found in the sub-surface in the Peace River Country, in an area stretching from Fort St. John, British Columbia to the Lesser Slave Lake from west to east, and from Grande Prairie, Alberta to Manning, Alberta from south to north.
Relationship to other units.
The Spirit River Formation is conformably overlain by the Peace River Formation and conformably underlain by the Bluesky Formation. It grades laterally to the Buckinghorse Formation shales to the north-east, and into the sandy facies of the Malcolm Creek Formation south of the Wapiti River. It is equivalent to the upper Mannville Formation in Central Alberta and to the Clearwater Formation and Grand Rapids Formation in the upper Athabaska River area.
Subdivisions.
The Spirit River Formation is composed of the following sub-divisions from base to top:

</doc>
<doc id="21499303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499303" title="Thane Gash">
Thane Gash

Thane Alvin Gash (born September 1, 1965 in Hendersonville, North Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Cleveland Browns and the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21499304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499304" title="Near Earth Network">
Near Earth Network

The Near Earth Network (NEN, formerly GN or Ground Network) provides orbital communications support for Near-Earth orbiting customer platforms via various NASA ground stations. 
NASA's NEN consists of ground stations in:
Also under contract are operators at Svalbard Satellite Station, Norway; Poker Flat Research Range and the Alaska Satellite Facility (ASF) in Fairbanks, Alaska; Santiago, Chile; South Point, Hawaii; North Pole, Alaska; and Dongara, Australia. Additionally, the MILA and Wallops stations provide pre-launch, launch, and landing communications support for the Space Shuttle program. The NEN and SN combined were previously referred to as the Spaceflight Tracking and Data Network (STDN).
Authority and responsibility.
The NEN falls under NASA's SOMD (Space Operations Mission Directorate), interoperating with the SCaN Program offices. The Goddard Space Flight Center Ground Network Project has responsibility for maintaining the NEN, as well as implementing the Satellite laser ranging (SLR) Network.
Support for Constellation.
The NEN was slated to support the Constellation Program, including the Ares launch vehicle, NISN (NASA Integrated Services Network), FDF (Flight Dynamics Facilities), KSC Launch Control Center, and the Constellation Mission Control Center (MCC). Constellation has since been canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="21499316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499316" title="Figuira-Toma">
Figuira-Toma

Figuira-Toma is a small town and seat of the commune of Maramandougou in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499321" title="Guerrilla Gardeners">
Guerrilla Gardeners

Guerrilla Gardeners is an Australian television show that was broadcast on Network Ten. The show takes its name and basic premise from the guerrilla gardening environmental movement. Premiering on 18 February 2009, it was axed in April 2009 due to struggling viewership figures and an unsuccessful timeslot change, with a number of episodes still to be aired but was picked up by Network Ten's digital channel One on 26 July 2011. The show has also raised controversy from the activities portrayed in the program.
Overview.
The show involves a group of six "guerrilla gardeners" attempting to covertly beautify urban eyesores such as abandoned lots or bleak public spaces without being caught by the authorities. Five of the guerrilla gardeners are experienced in landscape and horticulture, while sixth member and host Dave Lawson was hired primarily for his ability to "spin lies to the councils when they turned up".
Controversy.
As portrayed on the show, the gardeners' work is done without seeking consent from the owners of the land and is often completed through subterfuge and by defying trespass laws. Because of this, a finished "Guerrilla Gardeners" project was threatened with removal by Marrickville Council, while a project in Sutherland Shire was halted halfway through construction due to council interference, with the unfinished plantings later removed. The producers were also issued a fine from the council, which they challenged. Ten also accused Canterbury Council of preparing to destroy work featured in the series' first episode, though these claims were later found to be premature and incorrect.
As a counterpoint to their activities, Sutherland Shire asserted that their removal of a "Guerrilla Gardeners" project was due to factors such as the team's failure to take into account soil quality and the unauthorised installation of plants and decorations which may create a distraction for motorists. They also claimed that "Guerrilla Gardeners" failed to comply with traffic and workplace safety rules during construction. Producers of the show have stated that they will respect any council decisions regarding what becomes of their work.

</doc>
<doc id="21499343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499343" title="The Outlaw and His Wife">
The Outlaw and His Wife

The Outlaw and His Wife () is a 1918 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström, based on a play from 1911 by Jóhann Sigurjónsson. It tells the story of Eyvind of the Hills, an 18th-century Icelandic outlaw.
The film was groundbreaking for its portrayal of wild nature. It was shot in two sessions in the spring and late summer 1917, with Åre and Abisko in northern Sweden acting as the highlands of Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="21499345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499345" title="Namakama">
Namakama

Namakama is a small town and seat of the commune of Balan Bakama in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499348" title="Alternative treatments used for the common cold">
Alternative treatments used for the common cold

Alternative treatments used for the common cold include numerous home remedies and alternative medicines. Scientific research regarding the efficacy of each treatment is generally non-existent or inconclusive. Current best evidence indicates prevention, including handwashing, and management of symptoms.
Zinc lozenges.
There is strong evicence that zinc acetate lozenges shorten the duration of colds. Three high dose trials with zinc acetate found an average 42% reduction in the duration of colds. There is no concern of zinc toxicity in the dosage that were used in the zinc acetate trials with 80-100 mg/day of elemental zinc.
Vitamin C.
Vitamin C was identified in the early part of the previous century and there was much interest in its possible effects on various infections including the common cold. A few controlled trials on the effect of vitamin C on the common cold were carried out already in the 1940s, but the topic became particularly popular after 1970, when Linus Pauling, a double Nobel laureate, wrote a best-selling book Vitamin C and the Common Cold. Pauling's book led to great interest in the topic among lay people, but also among academic circles. After Pauling's book, a number of controlled trials were carried out. However, the interest disappeared after the middle of 1970s apparently due to the publication of two reviews and one primary study, which all concluded that vitamin C does not influence the common cold. However, the three papers were later shown to be erroneous.
According to the Cochrane review on vitamin C and the common cold, 1 g/day or more of vitamin C does not influence common cold incidence in the general community. However, in five randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trials with participants who were under heavy short-term physical stress (three of the trials were with marathon runners), vitamin C halved the incidence of colds. In the dose of 1 g/day or more, vitamin C shortened the duration of colds in adults by 8% and in children by 18%. Vitamin C also decreased the severity of colds.
Echinacea.
A systematic review by the Cochrane Collaboration, last updated in 2006, examines sixteen randomized controlled trials studying various echinacea preparations for prevention and treatment of the common cold. Echinacea showed no benefit over placebo for prevention. Evidence for treatment was inconsistent. Reported side effects were rare.
A 2007 meta-analyses concludes that there is some evidence that echinacea may reduce either the duration or severity of the common cold, but results are not consistent.
Use of echinacea preparations is not currently recommended.
Chicken soup.
In the twelfth century, Moses Maimonides wrote, "Chicken soup...is recommended as an excellent food as well as
medication."
Since then, there have been numerous reports in the United States that chicken soup alleviates the symptoms of the common cold. Even usually staid medical journals have published tongue-in-cheek humorous articles on the alleged medicinal properties of chicken soup.
"Pelargonium sidoides" Extract.
A 2013 Cochrane review cautioned that most of the following studies were conducted in Ukraine or Russia and sponsored by the manufacturer of the plant extracts (see main article Pelargonium sidoides).
A randomized, placebo-controlled study was undertaken to assess the efficacy of a liquid extract of "Pelargonium sidoides" (EPs) for the treatment of the common cold. The study included 103 adult patients (18–55 years old) with at least 2 major and 1 minor or with 1 major and 3 minor cold symptoms for 24 to 48 hours. Major cold symptoms included nasal discharge and sore throat; minor symptoms included nasal congestion, sneezing, scratchy throat, hoarseness, cough, headache, muscle aches, and fever. 
The primary outcome measure was the Sum of Symptom Intensity Differences (SSID) of the Cold Intensity Score (CIS) from day 1 to day 5. Secondary outcomes included activity level, overall well-being, changes of other cold-related symptoms, ability to work, health-related quality of life, time until onset of treatment effect, treatment outcome, and satisfaction with treatment. 
From baseline to day 5, the mean SSID improved by 14.6 points in the EPs group compared with 7.6 points in the placebo group. The mean CIS decreased by 10.4 points and 5.6 points in the EPs and placebo groups, respectively. After 10 days, 78.8% of the EPs group was clinically cured compared with 31.4% in the placebo group. The mean duration of inability to work was significantly lower in the EPs group (6.9 days) compared with the placebo group (8.2 days). 
A proprietary extract from the roots of the "Pelargonium sidoides" plant (EPs 7630) has been the subject of 20 clinical studies on upper respiratory infections involving more than 9,000 patients, including 3,900 children. It has been shown to safely and effectively treat upper respiratory tract infections including bronchitis, tonsillopharyngitis in children, sinusitis, and the common cold. In reviewing the research on "Pelargonium sidoides" for the common cold, reviewers in the "Journal of Family Practice" concluded, "In the final analysis, we think that these findings justify recommending this ("Pelargonium sidoides") to our patients...Our conclusion is that patients could be advised to purchase the medication to have on hand at home at the start of the cold season...More importantly, this degree of improvement in cold symptoms is dramatically better than other common OTC treatments, including vitamin C, echinacea, and zinc preparations.”
Steam inhalation.
Many people believe that steam inhalation reduces cold symptoms. A 2006 systematic review concludes that "there is insufficient evidence to support the use of steam inhalation as a treatment." There have been reports of children being badly burned by accidentally spilling the water used for steam inhalation.

</doc>
<doc id="21499361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499361" title="Thomas Bligh">
Thomas Bligh

Lieutenant General Thomas Bligh (1685–1775) was a British soldier, best known for his service during the Seven Years' War when he led a series of amphibious raids, known as "descents" on the French coastline. Despite initial success in these operations, they came to an end following the disastrous Battle of St Cast.
Career.
Bligh was born in 1685, the son of Irish politician, Thomas Bligh and his wife Elizabeth née Napier. During his long service in the British army, he rose to the rank of Lieutenant General. In 1745, during the War of the Austrian Succession, as a Brigadier, he took over command of allied troops at the battle of Melle and led part of the defeated force to safety. In 1758 he was appointed to command the descents, at the age of seventy-three. He led an initial successful Raid on Cherbourg in August September 1758, capturing and destroying the town's fortifications. He then re-embarked and moved along the coast to St Malo. There, confronted with adverse weather conditions, they were able only to land some of their force, which was soon confronted by a larger French force with had hurriedly marched there from Brest. In the scramble to get his men back onto the ships, Bligh fought a confused rearguard action, the Battle of Saint Cast suffering between 750-1000 casualties before he was finally able to re-embark his men. They then sailed for England.
Bligh was poorly treated when he returned home. King George II refused to receive him, considered an enormous slight, and he came under fierce criticism from all sides. One of the few to stand up for Bligh was the young Prince of Wales, later George III, who chastised both the Prime Minister Duke of Newcastle and his ally William Pitt for not defending Bligh.

</doc>
<doc id="21499363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499363" title="Keliegoue">
Keliegoue

Keliegoue is a small town and seat of the commune of Nouga in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499376" title="North American Street Newspaper Association">
North American Street Newspaper Association

The North American Street Newspaper Association (NASNA) is an organization of street newspapers papers that provide employment opportunities, community, and a voice to homeless and other economically vulnerable people. it has 28 members in the United States and Canada with a total monthly circulation of about 255,000 copies. NASNA holds an annual conference and runs the "Street News Service" (SNS) together with AlterNet to share articles.
History.
The seed to start NASNA was planted in August 1996 at the first "North American Street Newspaper Summit" in Chicago, sponsored by papers StreetWise and Real Change as well as the National Coalition for the Homeless. It was formally founded in September 1997 when 37 street newspapers met at the second conference in Seattle. In 2006 NASNA had 47 member newspapers. In early 2009, the North American Street Newspaper Association hired an Executive Director for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="21499378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499378" title="NASA Integrated Services Network">
NASA Integrated Services Network

The NASA Integrated Services Network (NISN) is a global system of communications transmission, switching, and terminal facilities that provides NASA with wide area network communications services. The NISN services that support the Space Network (SN) include real-time and mission critical Internet Protocol (IP) routed data, as well as high-rate data and video services that connect the SN ground facilities. Inter-Center mission voice communications services are also provided for management of the network and support of user missions.

</doc>
<doc id="21499396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499396" title="Kenekou">
Kenekou

Kenekou is a small town and seat of the commune of Dinandougou in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499409" title="Gouni">
Gouni

Gouni is a small town and seat of the commune of Meguetan in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499426" title="Neguela">
Neguela

Neguela is a small town and seat of the commune of Bossofala in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The lies 61 km northwest of Bamako, the Malian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="21499462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499462" title="Ward Valley">
Ward Valley

Ward Valley () is an ice-free valley that lies between Porter Hills and Xanadu Hills and east of the snout of Ward Glacier in the Denton Hills, Scott Coast, Antarctica. Named by US-ACAN (1994) in association with Ward Glacier and Ward Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21499463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499463" title="Torodo, Mali">
Torodo, Mali

Torodo is a village and seat of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village is 60 km northwest of Bamako, the Malian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="21499476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499476" title="The Poet &amp; The Piper">
The Poet &amp; The Piper

The Poet & The Piper is a studio album by poet Seamus Heaney and piper Liam O'Flynn, recorded in 2003 and released in the same year. The album is made up of instrumental tracks and spoken poetry, both often mixed together. The recording features traditional and contemporary music, lyrics and poetry such as "An Bonnán Buí", one of the oldest known Irish traditional songs. The album was used as a soundtrack for television programme "Keeping Time" broadcast on both RTÉ and the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="21499481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499481" title="Ouezzindougou">
Ouezzindougou


</doc>
<doc id="21499486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499486" title="Faladié">
Faladié

Faladié is a village and seat of the commune of N'Tjiba in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village lies 77 km northwest of the Malian capital, Bamako.

</doc>
<doc id="21499501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499501" title="Boundary Bay, British Columbia">
Boundary Bay, British Columbia

Boundary Bay, named for the bay of the same name is a neighbourhood of Delta, British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Tsawwassen adjacent to the Canada-United States border. South of it, across the border, is the community of Maple Beach, Washington, although there is no border crossing directly connecting the two communities (the border crossing is in Tsawwassen proper). The traditional name of the location in the Downriver dialect of the Halkomelem language is Chiltinm or Chiltenm.

</doc>
<doc id="21499506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499506" title="Sonny Ayon">
Sonny Ayon

Sonny Valens (born April 30, 1982) is a Hispanic American actor/entertainer and former Professional Wrestler. He was featured as one of Hilary Swank's main students in the 2007 Paramount Pictures film, "Freedom Writers".
Born in Upland CA and raised in Rialto, CA, he rose from the poverty-filled warzone into a young man imbued with hardened dreams and aspirations for the better.
By 2000, Valens felt like a change of place was in the works. Through a series of fortunate events, his trainers Bill Anderson & Jesse Hernandez helped get him cast in a direct-to-video flick called "Backyard Dogs". The CD chose Valens as one of the lead wrestlers, Psycho Dave, which led to solid screen time. Once the experience ended, he was inspired him to turn his pursuits towards the career path of acting.
In 2006, Valens auditioned for director Richard LaGravenese (P.S. I Love You) for the film. He beat out thousands of Hispanic actors to score the coveted role as one of two-time Oscar winner Hilary Swank’s main Freedom Writers. Working alongside industry notables such as Grey’s Anatomy’s Patrick Dempsey, recording artist Mario, and Imelda Staunton, Valens learned a great deal on set, reinforcing his desires to become a successful working actor. In the same year, he signed with the Momentum Talent Agency.
As 2008 rolled inwards, Valens scored the role of George in an episode of America's Most Wanted. In the same year, he personally read for Kevin Bacon in his directorial effort for TNT’s The Closer and was booked for the episode. Furthermore, numerous auditions for FX’s The Shield throughout the course of the year for various roles, the casting director hired him for one of the last episode of the final season, in the role of Flaco, a hardened gangster who robs Walton Goggins, who plays Michael Chiklis’ partner in the series.
Valens moved on to complete a stint as the big bully in the band Red Jumpsuit Apparatus’ "Say Your Prayer" music video, which is a fun FX-filled extravaganza.
Furthering his career in 2009, he starred as the lead in a music video for a song called "A Soldier Never Dies", a track dedicated to fallen marine Anthony Hector Vargas. The track for rapper Invincible, featuring Grammy-nominated R&B artist Jon B. (of Tupac Shakur's "R U Still Down?" and "Babyface"'s "Someone to Love") and producer Battlecat (who produced songs for Xzibit, Snoop Dogg, The Game). The video was directed by Paolo Ongkeko and produced by Don Le.

</doc>
<doc id="21499508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499508" title="Boulal">
Boulal

Boulal is a village and seat of the commune of Dabo in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21499519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499519" title="Cacography">
Cacography

Cacography is deliberate comic misspelling, a type of humour similar to malapropism.
The term in the sense of "poor spelling, accentuation, and punctuation" is a semantic antonym to orthography, and in the sense of "poor handwriting" it is an etymological antonym to the word calligraphy: cacography is from Greek κακός ("kakos" "bad") and γραφή ("graphe" "writing").
A common usage of cacography was to caricature illiterate speakers.
Russian internet.
The Russian internet culture witnessed an explosive growth of Russian language cacography of particular, systematic types, see articles Padonki and Udaff. One way of corruption is phonetic spelling of Russian words, i.e., an exaggerated way of "natural" erring, e.g., ниасилил ("niasilil") – "didn't cope with (to read in full)" (correct spelling: не осилил, "ne osilil"), a typical response to a long and/or boring post. Another way is grotesque hypercorrection: the word is spelled in such a way that when pronounced, it sounds in a correct way. An example is a Russian internet meme "Preved", which is pronounced as and intends to mean, "privet", i.e., "hello" or "hi". In 2005 philologist Gasan Guseinov suggested the neologism "Эрратив" ("errativ", i.e., "errative") to refer to the phenomenon.

</doc>
<doc id="21499536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499536" title="Knickerbocker Building">
Knickerbocker Building

The Knickerbocker Building is an eclectic, late century industrial building located at 50-52 Webster Avenue in New Rochelle, New York, USA. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Knickerbocker Press Building in 2000, with description of its architecture as Dutch Colonial Revival .
However, with its Flemish gable, arched windows and decorative brickwork, it falls into the rather rare Flemish Renaissance Revival style. It was built in 1889 by G.P. Putnam and Sons, one of the nation's leading publishers at the time. After 30 years as a publishing house, American White Cross Laboratories, Inc., moved in and manufactured bandages, gauze pads, cotton balls, and related products there until 1995. Parts of the complex were used as artists' lofts during the 1980s and 1990s by artists. The building was converted into residential lofts in 2007.
It was added to the Westchester County, New York State and National Registers of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21499552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499552" title="Mourdiah">
Mourdiah

Mourdiah is a village and seat of the commune of Niamana in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village is 80 km south of Nara, the administrative centre of the cercle, on the Route Nationale 4 (RN4), the road that connects Nara and the Malian capital, Bamako.

</doc>
<doc id="21499557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499557" title="Guy Chichester">
Guy Chichester

Guy Chichester (February 11, 1935 – February 8, 2009) was a founding member of the Clamshell Alliance, an anti-nuclear group that led protests against Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant in the 1970s, which led to a broader environmental movement. Though the Seabrook power plant was eventually built, a planned second reactor at the site was cancelled. Several acts of protest at Seabrook, including one large demonstration that resulted in nearly 1,500 arrests, contributed to a turn public opinion against nuclear power in the USA in the 1970s. Then Governor Meldrim Thomson, a vocal supporter of the Seabrook plant, was defeated for re-election in 1978, in large part because of voter dissatisfaction over the rising cost of plant construction. 
A few years before the Seabrook protests, Chichester helped rally opposition to a plan by Aristotle Onassis to build an oil refinery on Great Bay in Durham, New Hampshire. He helped establish the national Green Party. Chichester was also a local organizer for George McGovern's 1972 presidential campaign. 
Chichester was born and raised on Long Island, New York. He was a carpenter by trade. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499559" title="Goumbou">
Goumbou

Goumbou is a small town and seat of the commune of Ouagadou in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The town is 28 km southwest of Nara, the administrative centre of the cercle on the Route Nationale 4 that connects Nara and the Malian capital, Bamako. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499572" title="2009 WWE Draft">
2009 WWE Draft

The 2009 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Draft was the seventh Draft produced by the American professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment. The Draft took place over two days: the first day was televised live for three hours on April 13; the second part, the "Supplemental Draft", was held on April 15. The first day was broadcast on WWE's program "Raw" on the USA Network in the United States, and the Supplemental Draft was available on the Internet, at WWE's official website. The televised portion was held in Atlanta, Georgia at Philips Arena. The 2009 WWE Draft marked the third time that the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands were featured in the Draft; wrestlers, general managers and commentators were all eligible to be drafted from the company's roster. For the televised half, matches determined which brand received a random draft selection. During the Supplemental Draft, brand and employee selections were made at random. Due to Draft regulations, drafted champions took their titles to their new brands, and tag teams were not exempt from being selected. As a result, the Draft impacted championships and split tag teams.
Overall, 36 draft selections were made, the most since the original draft in 2002 (which featured 57 selections). Twelve selections were made on television; six were made by Raw, five by SmackDown, and one by ECW. All of the draftees were wrestlers: 28 males (10 drafted on television) and 8 females (2 drafted on television). Raw obtained the first overall pick in the Draft by winning the first match, which resulted in the acquisition of United States Champion Montel Vontavious Porter from SmackDown. Women's Champion Melina from Raw was SmackDown's first selection. ECW's sole televised draft pick was Vladimir Kozlov from SmackDown. Additionally, SmackDown's WWE Champion Triple H was drafted by Raw, resulting in SmackDown's loss of its prime championship. At the end of the televised portion, the final draft choices were Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio of Raw by SmackDown, replacing the loss of the U.S. Champion, and SmackDown's Divas Champion Maryse by Raw, replacing the loss of the Women's Champion.
In the Supplemental Draft, Mr. Kennedy, who was sidelined with a non-scripted shoulder injury, was drafted from SmackDown to Raw as the first (13th overall) supplemental pick. SmackDown obtained Shad Gaspard from Raw as their first (14th overall) supplemental selection. Ezekiel Jackson was ECW's first supplemental pick. Unified WWE Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo) were drafted from SmackDown to Raw; this left SmackDown without a tag team championship (although the tag team champions can appear on all 3 brands). Brie Bella (from SmackDown to Raw), Charlie Haas (from Raw to SmackDown), and Hurricane Helms (from SmackDown to ECW) were the final supplemental picks.
Background.
In March 2002, the Brand Extension storyline was initiated. WWE's "Raw" and "SmackDown!" television programs were made into brands that employees were assigned to work; the ECW brand was later added in 2006. With the exception of 2003, WWE has held the Draft annually since its inception.
Via its website on February 11, WWE announced that the 2009 Draft was to take place on April 13 at Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. All wrestlers, general managers, and commentators were eligible to be drafted. A Supplemental Draft was announced for April 15. It was announced on the day of the televised draft that for the third consecutive year, matches would determine which brand received a draft pick, and that 12 superstars were to switch brands. As in previous drafts, the purpose of the 2009 WWE Draft was to increase television ratings of WWE programming and to refresh the roster with new storylines for each brand.
Roster selections.
Televised draft.
During "Raw", 10 matches were held among representatives of the three brands to determine which would receive a draft pick; two of the matches were for two selections. Each match featured a wrestler representing their brand; if a wrestler was drafted earlier in the program, they would represent their new brand. After the matches, a computerized system, which appeared on the "Raw" stage TitanTron, randomly selected a member from the two opposing brands' roster for the winning brand.
Aftermath.
After the televised draft, Joey Styles, the Director of Digital Media Content for WWE's official website, interviewed the draftees on their reactions. The drafted wrestlers generally expressed approval of the draft and described what they hoped their experiences would be with their new brand. Seven of the wrestlers were champions with their original brand, and as outlined in the draft regulations, they carried their titles over to their new brand; this affected seven of nine WWE championships. Champion draft selections included: Unified Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo), United States Champion Montel Vontavious Porter, WWE Champion Triple H, and Divas Champion Maryse from SmackDown to Raw; Women's Champion Melina and Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio from Raw to SmackDown. Since Triple H was drafted to Raw, it left SmackDown without a top contested title, as Raw now featured two of the three top contested championships in WWE: the WWE and World Heavyweight Championships. When Mysterio and Porter switched brands, the two secondary championships switched brands for the first time in WWE's history. This also occurred when Melina and Maryse switched brands, as the two female contested titles also switched brands for the first time. Though the Unified Tag Team Champions were both drafted over to Raw from SmackDown, the titles were able to be defended on all three brands due to being unified.
Numerous tag teams were affected by the Draft overall. During the televised portion of the Draft, ECW tag team John Morrison and The Miz was split up. The Miz was drafted to Raw and Morrison to SmackDown (during the Supplemental Draft). The Bella Twins (Brie and Nikki), Cryme Tyme (Shad and JTG), and The Colóns were split up during the Supplemental Draft, although the duos went to the same brands afterward. SmackDown tag teams Jesse and Festus and Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder were also split up, with Festus drafted to Raw and Ryder to ECW.
The Draft had little effect on the television ratings for WWE's programming. Generally, the ratings of the three shows during the week of the draft were consistent with the ratings of each from the previous week. The ratings for WWE programming the week before the Draft were the following: the April 6 episode of "Raw" was watched by 5.7 million viewers in its first hour and by 6.1 million viewers in its second hour for an average 3.9 rating, the April 7 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi" earned a 1.3 television rating, and "Friday Night SmackDown" earned a 2.0 television rating. The Draft episode of "Raw" was watched by 4.7 million viewers in its first hour, 5.7 in its second hour, and 6.1 in the final hour for an average 3.7 television rating. Later that week, "ECW on Sci Fi" earned a 1.2 television rating, while "Friday Night SmackDown" earned a 2.0.
As stated by WWE commentator Jim Ross, the draft would not come into effect until after Backlash 2009; the final inter-brand match took place on the April 24 episode of "SmackDown".

</doc>
<doc id="21499581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499581" title="Whiterow">
Whiterow

Whiterow is a small coastal hamlet, on the east coast of Caithness, lying 1 miles southeast of Wick, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="21499583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499583" title="Epidemiology of cancer">
Epidemiology of cancer

The epidemiology of cancer is the study of the factors affecting cancer, as a way to infer possible trends and causes. The study of cancer epidemiology uses epidemiological methods to find the cause of cancer and to identify and develop improved treatments.
This area of study must contend with problems of lead time bias and length time bias. Lead time bias is the concept that early diagnosis may artificially inflate the survival statistics of a cancer, without really improving the natural history of the disease. Length bias is the concept that slower growing, more indolent tumors are more likely to be diagnosed by screening tests, but improvements in diagnosing more cases of indolent cancer may not translate into better patient outcomes after the implementation of screening programs. A related concern is overdiagnosis, the tendency of screening tests to diagnose diseases that may not actually impact the patient's longevity. This problem especially applies to prostate cancer and PSA screening.
Some cancer researchers have argued that negative cancer clinical trials lack sufficient statistical power to discover a benefit to treatment. This may be due to fewer patients enrolled in the study than originally planned.
Organizations.
State and regional cancer registries are organizations that abstract clinical data about cancer from patient medical records. These institutions provide information to state and national public health groups to help track trends in cancer diagnosis and treatment. One of the largest and most important cancer registries is Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results (SEER), administered by the US Federal government.
Health information privacy concerns have led to the restricted use of cancer registry data in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and other institutions. The American Cancer Society predicts that approximately 1,690,000 new cancer cases will be diagnosed and 577,000 Americans will ultimately die of cancer in 2012.
Studies.
Observational epidemiological studies that show associations between risk factors and specific cancers mostly serve to generate hypotheses about potential interventions that could reduce cancer incidence or morbidity. Randomized controlled trials then test whether hypotheses generated by epidemiological studies and laboratory research actually result in reduced cancer incidence and mortality. In many cases, findings from observational epidemiological studies are not confirmed by randomized controlled trials.
Risk factors.
The most significant risk factor is age. According to cancer researcher Robert A. Weinberg, "If we lived long enough, sooner or later we all would get cancer." Essentially all of the increase in cancer rates between prehistoric times and people who died in England between 1901 and 1905 is due to increased lifespans.
Although the age-related increase in cancer risk is well-documented, the age-related patterns of cancer are complex. Some types of cancer, like testicular cancer, have early-life incidence peaks, for reasons unknown. Besides, the rate of age-related increase in cancer incidence varies between cancer types with, for instance, prostate cancer incidence accelerating much faster than brain cancer.
Over a third of cancer deaths worldwide are due to potentially modifiable risk factors. The leading modifiable risk factors worldwide are:
Men with cancer are twice as likely as women to have a modifiable risk factor for their disease.
Other lifestyle and environmental factors known to affect cancer risk (either beneficially or detrimentally) include the use of exogenous hormones (e.g., hormone replacement therapy causes breast cancer), exposure to ionizing radiation and ultraviolet radiation, and certain occupational and chemical exposures.
Every year, at least 200,000 people die worldwide from cancer related to their workplace. Millions of workers run the risk of developing cancers such as pleural and peritoneal mesothelioma from inhaling asbestos fibers, or leukemia from exposure to benzene at their workplaces. Currently, most cancer deaths caused by occupational risk factors occur in the developed world. It is estimated that approximately 20,000 cancer deaths and 40,000 new cases of cancer each year in the U.S. are attributable to occupation.
Incidence and mortality.
In the U.S. cancer is second only to cardiovascular disease as the leading cause of death; in the UK it is the leading cause of death. In many Third World countries cancer incidence (insofar as this can be measured) appears much lower, most likely because of the higher death rates due to infectious disease or injury. With the increased control over malaria and tuberculosis in some Third World countries, incidence of cancer is expected to rise; in the Eastern Mediterranean region, for example, cancer incidence is expected to increase by 100% to 180% in the next 15 years due to increases in life expectancy, an increasing proportion of elderly people, and the successful control of childhood disease. This is termed the epidemiologic transition in epidemiological terminology.
Cancer epidemiology closely mirrors risk factor spread in various countries. Hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer) is rare in the West but is the main cancer in China and neighbouring countries, most likely due to the endemic presence of hepatitis B and aflatoxin in that population. Similarly, with tobacco smoking becoming more common in various Third World countries, lung cancer incidence has increased in a parallel fashion.
Canada.
In Canada, as of 2007, cancer is the number one cause of death, contributing to 29.6% of all deaths in the country. The second highest cause of death is cardiovascular diseases resulting in 21.5% of deaths. As of 2011, prostate cancer was the most common form of cancer among males (about 28% of all new cases) and breast cancer the most common in females (also about 28% of all new cases).
The leading cause of death in both males and females is lung cancer, which contributes to 26.8% of all cancer deaths. Statistics indicate that between the ages of 20 and 50 years, the incidence rate of cancer is higher amongst women whereas after 50 years of age, the incidence rate increases in men. Predictions by the Canadian Cancer Society indicate that with time, there will be an increase in the rates of incidence of cancer for both males and females. Cancer will thus continue to be a persistent issue in years to come.
United States.
In the United States, cancer is responsible for 25% of all deaths with 30% of these from lung cancer. The most commonly occurring cancer in men is prostate cancer (about 25% of new cases) and in women is breast cancer (also about 25%). Cancer can occur in children and adolescents, but it is uncommon (about 150 cases per million in the U.S.), with leukemia the most common. In the first year of life the incidence is about 230 cases per million in the U.S., with the most common being neuroblastoma. Data from 2004-2008 in the United States indicates that the overall age-adjusted incidence of cancer was approximately 460 per 100,000 men and women per year.
Cancer is responsible for about 25% of all deaths in the U.S., and is a major public health problem in many parts of the world. The statistics below are estimates for the U.S. in 2008, and may vary substantially in other countries. They exclude basal and squamous cell skin cancers, and carcinoma in situ in locations other than the urinary bladder. As seen, breast/prostate cancer, lung cancer and colorectal cancer are responsible for approximately half of cancer incidence. The same applies for cancer mortality, but with lung cancer replacing breast/prostate cancer as the main cause.
Incidence of a second cancer in survivors.
In the developed world, one in three people will develop cancer during their lifetimes. If all cancer patients survived and cancer occurred randomly, the normal lifetime odds of developing a second primary cancer (not the first cancer spreading to a new site) would be one in nine. However, cancer survivors have an increased risk of developing a second primary cancer, and the odds are about two in nine. About half of these second primaries can be attributed to the normal one-in-nine risk associated with random chance.
The increased risk is believed to be primarily due to the same risk factors that produced the first cancer, such as the person's genetic profile, alcohol and tobacco use, obesity, and environmental exposures, and partly due, in some cases, to the treatment for the first cancer, which might have included mutagenic chemotherapeutic drugs or radiation. Cancer survivors may also be more likely to comply with recommended screening, and thus may be more likely than average to detect cancers.
Children.
Childhood cancer and cancer in adolescents is rare (about 150 cases per million yearly in the US). Leukemia (usually acute lymphoblastic leukemia) is the most common cancer in children aged 1–14 in the U.S., followed by the central nervous system cancers, neuroblastoma, Wilms' tumor, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Statistics from the SEER program of the US NCI demonstrate that childhood cancers increased 19% between 1975 and 1990, mainly due to an increased incidence in acute leukemia. Since 1990, incidence rates have decreased.
Infants.
The age of peak incidence of cancer in children occurs during the first year of life, in infants. The average annual incidence in the United States, 1975–1995, was 233 per million infants. Several estimates of incidence exist. According to SEER, in the United States:
Teratoma (a germ cell tumor) often is cited as the most common tumor in this age group, but most teratomas are surgically removed while still benign, hence not necessarily cancer. Prior to the widespread routine use of prenatal ultrasound examinations, the incidence of sacrococcygeal teratomas diagnosed at birth was 25 to 29 per million births.
Female and male infants have essentially the same overall cancer incidence rates, a notable difference compared to older children.
White infants have higher cancer rates than black infants. Leukemias accounted for a substantial proportion of this difference: the average annual rate for white infants (48.7 per million) was 66% higher than for
black infants (29.4 per million).
Relative survival for infants is very good for neuroblastoma, Wilms' tumor and retinoblastoma, and fairly good (80%) for leukemia, but not for most other types of cancer.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="21499593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499593" title="1926 Buffalo Rangers season">
1926 Buffalo Rangers season

The 1926 Buffalo Rangers season was their seventh in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–6–2, winning four games. They finished ninth in the league.
Background.
In response to the creation of the Los Angeles Buccaneers, the revival of the Louisville Colonels as well as the AFL I's Los Angeles Wildcats, Buffalo (under new coach Jim Kendrick) changed its name for one year to the Buffalo Rangers, also known as the Texas Rangers. The team, although remaining based in Buffalo, would consist mostly of players from the state of Texas and the Southwestern United States. (Coincidentally, there was-- and is-- a city known as Buffalo, Texas.) The team had little to lose; after the retirement of star player and part-owner Tommy Hughitt after the 1924 season, the team slid to 1–6–2 in 1925.
Although the team returned to .500 play, sporting a 4–4–2 record (the best record the team would have without Hughitt), the experiment was not continued after 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="21499604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499604" title="HSU First Street Gallery">
HSU First Street Gallery

HSU First Street Gallery is a contemporary, fine arts gallery located in the E. Janssen Building at 422 1st Street in the historic Old Town district of Eureka, California. The gallery, which supports the Exhibition Programs of Humboldt State University, is an off-campus, non-profit student-oriented public outreach program and gallery which showcases regional, national and international artists, as well as art by faculty, staff, students, and alumni of the university.
Mission.
First Street Gallery is charged with the mission of providing the North Coast community of California and the community of Humboldt State University with access to contemporary art by regional, national and international artists, as well as providing a visiting artists program. Within the gallery, HSU students prepare, install, manage and curate the exhibitions. The students work in conjunction with HSU's Museum and Gallery Practices program through the HSU Art Department, while emphasizing the importance of environmentally conscious practices. Additionally, the students in HSU's Art Education program utilize the exhibitions as a resource for their curriculum while working with local K-12 students. The First Street Gallery states that its goal is to create a dialogue about important contemporary cultural issues with the community. With an emphasis on encouraging and facilitating local interest in the arts, HSU First Street Gallery has, since 1998, produced numerous exhibitions of contemporary art in a wide array of art forms.
History.
First Street Gallery was founded in 1998 by Humboldt State University. The gallery receives over 20,000 visitors a year.
Programs.
First Street Gallery is a learning environment for students from the Museum and Gallery Practices Program.
The HSU Art Education Program uses the First Street Gallery as a service learning site for teaching local K-12 students.
First Street Gallery brings national and international artists to HSU through the Visiting Artists Program, with the stated purpose of providing to California's North Coast, an expanded, in-depth exposure to new art forms that would otherwise be unavailable to the local population.
Events.
On the first Saturday of every month the First Street Gallery participates in the local arts promotion event of Arts Alive!, in which Eureka's galleries and museums are open to the public new exhibitions, shows, theater and musical performances. During this event, First Street Gallery hosts an opening reception for its current exhibitions. This presents an opportunity for the public to meet with the artists exhibiting at the gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="21499647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499647" title="Slow Down (Loose Ends song)">
Slow Down (Loose Ends song)

"Slow Down" is the 8th single by English R&B band Loose Ends from their third studio album, "Zagora". It was released in September 1986 by MCA Records and produced by Loose Ends' longtime collaborator Nick Martinelli. The single was the group's second and last number one on the Soul Singles chart.
Track listing.
7” Single: VS884 
12” Single: VS884-12
2nd 12” Single: VS884-12 - "limited edition with bonus 12""

</doc>
<doc id="21499648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499648" title="Battle Hill Farm Forest Park">
Battle Hill Farm Forest Park

Battle Hill Farm Forest Park is a Wellington Regional park located near Paekakariki, New Zealand. It contains the site of the Battle of Battle Hill and is intersected by Transmission Gully.
The park contains a working farm near the entrance at Paekakariki Hill Road and extends over the surrounding hills and into a plantation forest. It contains several loop walkways, some suitable for mountain biking and horse riding.

</doc>
<doc id="21499658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499658" title="Santogold">
Santogold

Santogold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21499676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499676" title="Monday Night at Eight">
Monday Night at Eight

Monday Night at Eight was a weekly BBC radio magazine program that was on from 8 pm to 9 pm on the Home Service.
It started in April 1937, under the title "Monday at Seven" from 7 pm 8 pm, but changed to "Monday Night at Seven" in October 1938. It was shifted to 8 pm in October 1939, with the obvious title change and ran in this timeslot until 1948.
The time change was because of longer working hours during World War II: it was pushed back an hour to enable more people to be able to listen. It was broadcast live with Ronnie Waldman doing the interviews and announcements. It was produced by Harry Pepper.
The formats for both programs were similar. The first part consisted of interviews of all types of people; then there was a musical break, and the final part was a radio detective play. Initially it was "Inspector Hornleigh Investigates", but in 1942 a new series called "Dr Morelle" was introduced. Another feature that was started in "Monday Night at Eight" was Puzzle Corner, used in later programs, and the weekly 'Deliberate Mistake'. Popular comedians Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch contributed "Chestnut Corner". 
Several actors and singers had their radio debut on "Monday Night at Eight". The singer Anne Shelton had her debut in 1940 and Julie Andrews appeared with her mother and stepfather in 1946.
The lyrics of the signature tune were as follows:
It's Monday night at eight o'clock,
Oh, can't you hear the chimes
They're telling you to take an easy chair
To settle by the fireside
Look at your "Radio Times"
For Monday Night at Eight it on the air.
The other BBC show of a similar nature was "In Town Tonight", which ran in the same period, but was on a Saturday night.

</doc>
<doc id="21499681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499681" title="Weydale">
Weydale

Weydale (meaning 'valley of the way') is a remote scattered crofting settlement, lying 3 miles southeast of Thurso, Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Despite a sparse population Weydale covers a large area of the farming land South-East of Thurso, which is mainly used for grazing of livestock. Within the area are four former flagstone quarries, which despite no longer producing the stones are now noted for the excellent preservation of the fossil fish "Osteolepis".
Weydale was previously served by a small primary school, which was created more for a local gypsy settlement, whom up until the early 1900s were banned form entering Thurso and settled in the area.
The former school and the quarries are part a number of sites and buildings within Weydale that hold some historical significance, however a more modern bungalow, "Stoneybank", made the news when originally built as at that time it's West facing side contained Britain's largest single-pane window. The window has since been removed.
The area did make the news again in late 1990s when the Bomb Disposal Unit undertook a controlled explosion at Bulliemore Farm, following the find of a World War II weapons and explosives store left over by the Auxiliary Unit which trained in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="21499689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499689" title="H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering">
H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering

The H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering is a department in the Georgia Institute of Technology's College of Engineering dedicated to education and research in industrial engineering. The school is named after H. Milton Stewart, a local philanthropist and successful businessman who formerly graduated from the BSIE undergraduate program. 
Unlike similar programs at other schools, the School of Industrial and Systems Engineering at Georgia Tech focuses on core disciplines for both Industrial Engineering (such as manufacturing and quality control) and Systems Engineering (such as global logistics and system optimization). "US News & World Report" consistently ranks the program at number 1.

</doc>
<doc id="21499701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499701" title="Belmont Regional Park">
Belmont Regional Park

Belmont Regional Park is a Wellington Regional park located between Lower Hutt and Porirua, New Zealand. It is the largest of the Wellington Regional parks, stretching close to 15km from Wellington Harbour to Haywards and 10km to Porirua, containing farm land, native bush, and peaks up to 456m (Belmont Trig).
There are several entrances from the Hutt Valley side and two on the Porirua side. Some tracks permit mountain biking and horse riding.
The park features numerous tracks, including the 6-7 hour 'Puke Ariki' traverse, which is a favourite for hikers and mountainbikers alike. 

</doc>
<doc id="21499709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499709" title="Caulanthus glaucus">
Caulanthus glaucus

Caulanthus glaucus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name glaucous wild cabbage. 
It is native to southern Nevada and adjacent parts of eastern California and Mojave Desert sky islands, where it grows in open, rocky habitat in the desert mountains. 
Description.
"Caulanthus glaucus" is a perennial herb producing a slender, branching stem from a woody caudex. 
The largest of the leaves appear in a cluster at the base of the plant, and are oblong or oval and up to 10 centimeters long. Smaller, lance-shaped leaves appear higher up on the stem. 
The flower has a coat of thick green sepals over narrow yellowish or purplish petals. The fruit is a long, thin silique which may approach 15 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="21499724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499724" title="I Can Wonder What You Did with Your Day">
I Can Wonder What You Did with Your Day

I Can Wonder What You Did with Your Day is an album by Julie Doiron, released on March 10, 2009.
Recorded at the home studio of Rick White, the album's producer and Doiron's onetime bandmate in Eric's Trip, the album is more rock-oriented than Doiron's other solo albums, revisiting the sound and style of Eric's Trip.
The album's first single, "Consolation Prize", was released to radio in early February.
Alternate versions of the songs "Heavy Snow" and "Nice to Come Home" were released on a split 7" single in May 2009. The single's other side featured the first two songs ever released by Calm Down It's Monday, a band which consists of Doiron and Frederick Squire.

</doc>
<doc id="21499733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499733" title="Friedrich August Eckstein">
Friedrich August Eckstein

"For the Viennese esotericist, see Frederick Eckstein"
Friedrich August Eckstein (6 May 1810 – 15 November 1885) was a German classical philologist and educator born in Halle an der Saale.
He studied philology at the University of Halle, earning his doctorate in 1831. In 1839 he became head of the Royal Pädagogium in Halle, and in 1849 was appointed "Kondirektor" at the "Franckesche Stiftungen" (Francke Foundation). In 1863 he moved to Leipzig as an adjunct professor at the University and as rector of the Thomanerchor. He held the title of rector at the Thomanerchor until 1881.
Eckstein died in Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="21499736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499736" title="Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung">
Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung

The Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung, shortened as Tageszeitung, is an Italian daily regional newspaper and one of two German-language daily newspapers published in South Tyrol. Founded in 1996, it holds social liberal views as opposed to the conservative stance of the "Dolomiten", the oldest and most influential German newspaper in the autonomous province. Published from Tuesday to Sunday, the paper has an average daily circulation of 12,000 sales.
The "Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung" evolved in 1996 from the weekly "Südtirol Profil" (South Tyrol Profile). It has a team of ten editors and a similar number of freelancers. It features articles and opinions ranging from current world affairs to sociopolitical topics. In the later field, its record of uncovering deficiencies and creating scandals has made the paper the object of several lawsuits.
According to Internationale Medienhilfe more than 300 German-language printed media are produced in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21499749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499749" title="East Harbour Regional Park">
East Harbour Regional Park

East Harbour Regional Park is a Wellington Regional park stretching from Baring Head along the east side of the Wellington Harbour along the east side of Eastbourne, New Zealand.
The park covers the bush-clad hills between Eastbourne and Wainuiomata, from near sea level to up to 373m (Lowry). Several tracks, some along ridges and one into the valley of Butterfly Creek, connect the entrances on the Wellington Harbour side and the entrances on the Wainuiomata side.

</doc>
<doc id="21499777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499777" title="Kaitoke Regional Park">
Kaitoke Regional Park

Kaitoke Regional Park is a Wellington Regional park located in Kaitoke, New Zealand, past Upper Hutt. The park is adjacent to the Hutt water collection area and comprises mostly native bush. The most popular loop walk in the park leads through the valley of the Upper Hutt River.
The park was the filming location for exterior shots of Rivendell for the movie "".

</doc>
<doc id="21499779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499779" title="Westerdale, Highland">
Westerdale, Highland

Westerdale () is a scattered crofting village, which lies on the River Thurso, located 5 miles directly south of Halkirk, Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="21499800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499800" title="Daniel Palmer">
Daniel Palmer

Daniel Palmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21499801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499801" title="Raid on Cherbourg">
Raid on Cherbourg

The Raid on Cherbourg took place in August 1758 during the Seven Years' War when a British force was landed on the coast of France by the Royal Navy with the intention of attacking the town of Cherbourg as part of the British government's policy of "descents" on the French Coast.
Background.
Since 1757 the policy of the British government to use their naval superiority to launch raids against the French coast, to act as a diversion - drawing French forces and resources away from Germany where Britain's allies Prussia, Hanover and Brunswick were under severe pressure. In Autumn 1757 a British expedition to Rochefort had captured an offshore island, but not made an effort to capture the town. In 1758 the Duke of Brunswick asked the British to put this policy into action as his Allied force was being pushed back. A large naval and military force was assembled in southern England under the direction of George Anson, the First Lord of the Admiralty. In June 1758 the British had launched a Raid on St Malo. Following the perceived success of this, a further raid was planned and it was announced that Prince Edward, the younger brother of the Prince of Wales would accompany the expedition.
Raid.
The British forces were under the command of Lieutenant General Thomas Bligh with the offshore naval contingent commanded by Richard Howe. They cruised along the coast of Normandy threatening a number of ports, before arriving outside Cherbourg on 7 August. The conditions were favourable and they were able to make a successful landing at Urville-Nacqueville beach. Once ashore they brushed aside the small French force defending Cherbourg, and stormed it, capturing the town. They set about destroying the fortifications and port. On 16 August, the British left Cherbourg and re-embarked having stayed exactly a week.
Aftermath.
News of the expedition boosted morale in Britain. The newspapers observed that it was the first successful landing of any significant size since the Hundred Years War. The scheme had been a favourite project of William Pitt and he was insistent that further raids be launched on the French coast. In September 1758 Bligh tried to capture St Malo, but the weather allowed him to land only part of his force, who were quickly confronted by a superior French force. Bligh tried to withdraw to his ships, which he eventually did, after suffering heavy casualties at the Battle of Saint Cast. This brought an end to the policy of "descents", as the British committed more troops to fight in Germany rather than risk another failed raid.
Despite this the raids had been a success as they had weakened French morale, and convinced them that even parts of Metropolitan France were vulnerable to British naval power. In response France planned a major invasion of Britain, designed to knock them out of the war, but it had to be abandoned owing to naval defeats.

</doc>
<doc id="21499816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499816" title="Mazarópi">
Mazarópi

Geraldo Pereira de Matos Filho (born 27 January 1953 in Além Paraíba) is a retired Brazilian professional footballer nicknamed Mazarópi who currently manages SER Santo Ângelo.
He also holds the world record for the longest time without conceding a goal, with 1,816 minutes.
Career.
Club career.
Mazarópi played for Vasco da Gama, Coritiba, Grêmio, Náutico, Figueirense and Guarany de Bagé.
International career.
Mazarópi earned one cap for the Brazil national football team.
Coaching career.
Mazarópi has coached Nagoya Grampus, Sapucaiense, Vilhena and Guarani (VA).

</doc>
<doc id="21499819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499819" title="REMP">
REMP

REMP, or Renewable Energy Mitigation Program, is a model of promoting renewable energy through local government building codes.
Overview.
REMP is a system that encourages the installation of renewable energy systems in partnership with local government agencies. Under a REMP program, homeowners who build very energy-consumptive houses, add on to their existing house to render it very energy-consumptive, or install exterior energy use systems must mitigate their energy use. Proper mitigation methods include installing home renewable energy systems to produce their own power or pay into a fund that is later distributed to fund other energy-efficiency projects.
Basics.
REMP programs operate under municipalities and counties that have adopted an efficient building code. Included in the code is a section mandating that new buildings—or additions onto existing buildings—must meet certain efficiency requirements. If buildings do not meet that code, they must then mitigate their energy use. Options for mitigation are to install on-site renewable energy systems, such as photovoltaics, solar hot water, a geothermal heat pump, microhydro, or small scale wind power, or to pay into a REMP fund. An appointed nonprofit or other organization stewards the REMP fund and applies it to financing other local energy efficiency projects.
Commercial REMP.
As of January 2010, Aspen and Pitkin County's REMP program now applies to new commercial developments as well as residential construction.
History.
Aspen, Colorado.
The first REMP program was established in 2000 by the City of Aspen and Pitkin County, Colorado, U.S.A. In January 2000, the Pitkin County Commissioners and Aspen City Council approved the REMP. The program assesses fees on new homes that exceed the energy budget established by the Aspen/Pitkin Energy Code. REMP fees are collected by the Community Development Department when building permits are issued. The money is held by the City of Aspen's Finance Department until the Board of County Commissioners and City Council approve a REMP spending proposal. These proposals are developed by the Community Office of Resource Efficiency (CORE), a local nonprofit organization. CORE's board of directors includes representatives from throughout the county, from the local utilities, and the local transportation authority. As of 2009, Aspen/Pitkin REMP and CORE have generated over six million dollars to distribute through energy-efficiency grants and rebates.
Generally, in Aspen, houses that exceed must pay $5,000 or install on-site renewables, and houses over must pay $10,000 or install on-site renewables.
Also, in Aspen, outdoor energy consuming devices are very common. The majority of REMP funding comes from heated snowmelt driveways.
Replications.
The REMP model is very replicable and has been applied to a number of locales: Snowmass Village, Basalt, Colorado, Carbondale, Colorado, Eagle County, Colorado, and Martha's Vineyard.
Martha's Vineyard.
Martha's Vineyard enacted their own energy-efficient building code, VineyardBuild, modeled after Aspen's and Carbondale's.
Eagle County, Colorado.
Eagle County's new energy-efficient building code, ECOBuild is another points-based code checklist, requiring homeowners to build within a certain energy budget.

</doc>
<doc id="21499831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499831" title="Love Is a Weapon of Choice">
Love Is a Weapon of Choice

"Love Is A Weapon of Choice", formerly known as "Same Girl" is the sixth episode of the second season of the HBO comedy series "Flight of the Conchords." This episode first aired in the United States on February 22, 2009.
Plot synopsis.
Bret and Jemaine both fall for a woman whose missing dog has epilepsy, leading to a duel, a canine benefit and a couple of new tunes.
Plot.
Jemaine and Bret are out for a jog when they are stopped by a woman (Kristen Wiig) searching for her epileptic terrier, Charlie. After they go on their way, it transitions into the song "We're Both in Love with a Sexy Lady." They meet up with the woman again, having "found" several dogs of varying breeds. She tells them none of the dogs are hers and then shows them a picture of Charlie, who is wearing a kitten costume. She introduces herself and Jemaine hears "Barbara" while Bret calls her "BrahBrah." Jemaine tells Bret that there is no such name as "Brahbrah" She also gives the boys her number to call her in case they find her epileptic terrier.
Both Jemaine and Bret decide to write a song about epileptic dogs. They continually mispronounce the word epileptic as pepileptic and even prophylactic. Brahbrah calls Bret to make plans, then asks to speak to Jemaine. They make a date for both 7 and 8 o'clock respectively. While on the date with Bret, Brahbrah tells him that she thinks Jemaine's glasses make him look intelligent. Bret lets her know of the song he is writing when Jemaine shows up 15 minutes early for the date, carrying flowers. While Bret protests, Brahbrah tells him that they can spend 15 minutes together another time and Jemaine commences his date with her. He mentions that Bret is no good and Barbara says that she really likes Bret's beard as he reminds her of a little puppy dog. Jemaine also tells her of his plan to write a song for epileptic dogs and, not to be outdone by Bret, to hold a fundraiser for them. On a second date, Bret shows up wearing Jemaine's glasses to look more intelligent and tells her that he is creating an antidote for epilepsy. She asks him if he's a vet or a doctor and he says that he isn't but he has thus far had no seizures. Brahbrah says that he doesn't have epilepsy to begin with and Bret thinks it is because of the antidote. She receives a call from someone saying they found Charlie and leaves. When she gets to the bar, Jemaine is there with a pasted on beard and is wearing a sweater to emulate the qualities she enjoyed in Bret. It is obvious that he was the one who called her but she soon leaves to look for Charlie.
The boys are in the studio with Murray to record their song for epileptic dogs. Murray pauses the recording to ask who is playing the piano and seems confused by the idea of a backing track. They begin recording again when Brahbrah shows up. Both Jemaine and Bret try to outdo one another and steal the mic back and forth before wrestling. Murray breaks the fight up momentarily. Bret challenges Jemaine to a duel and Jemaine slaps him across the face with a glove he picked up from the floor. They then play "Love Is a Weapon of Choice."
At the fund-raiser for the dogs, Brahbrah says she has found Charlie. She is holding a little dog, but it appears not to be a terrier. The dog's rightful owner comes up and tells them that the dog's name is "Mocha" as stated on its dogtag. Brahbrah relinquishes the dog and both boys fight to comfort her. They finally take the stage and play their song, "Epileptic Dogs," accompanied by a PowerPoint slideshow by Murray. They remix the song but it triggers seizures in all the epileptic dogs in the audience. Afterwards, Jemaine and Bret begin to quarrel. Murray breaks it up and tells Brahbrah that his lads fancy her and she needs to make a decision. He also says that if she likes him, that's another story and then leaves. Brahbrah tells them that she thought they were both gay. They seem stunned that she would think that when Mel shows up. Mel has created a photograph of Bret and Jemaine as a couple and what their baby would look like. Brahbrah says that she felt obligated to spend equal amounts of time with them because they were gay but if they're straight, she'd rather spend time with Bret. She asks Bret to coffee who then asks if Jemaine can come. She also tells Jemaine that "It's Brahbrah. B-R-A-H B-R-A-H", as Bret had been calling her. They walk away from Jemaine and she mentions that Charlie has actually been missing for six years.
Songs.
The following songs appear in this episode:
"We're Both in Love with a Sexy Lady".
This is sung after the boys meet Brahbrah, and is how they each describe how they have fallen in love with a girl, before realizing they are both in love with the same girl. The song is a parody of R. Kelly's "Same Girl". Also influenced by "The Girl Is Mine", a duet by Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney in which the singers argue about a girl, both insisting repeatedly that 'the dog gone girl is mine'.
"Love Is a Weapon of Choice".
This is sung when Bret challenges Jemaine to a duel for the love of Brahbrah. Some of the images in the sequence are similar to those in the video for Bonnie Tyler's "Total Eclipse of the Heart."
"Epileptic Dogs".
This song is sung by the boys at a charity concert for epileptic dogs. The song is a success, until the end when they perform a "remix" and the stage is lit up with flashing lights, causing the dogs to have epileptic seizures.

</doc>
<doc id="21499864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499864" title="Nights of Pleasure">
Nights of Pleasure

"Nights of Pleasure" is the ninth single by English R&B band, Loose Ends, from their third studio album, "Zagora". It was released in November 1986 by Virgin Records and was produced by Loose Ends' longtime collaborator Nick Martinelli.
Track listing.
7” Single: VS919 
12” Single: VS919-12
12” Single: VSD919-12 - 'Special DJ Pleasure Pack'
2nd 12” Single: VS819-13 
Some copies of 7" came with free cassette 'The Baksheesh Mixes' VSC919

</doc>
<doc id="21499869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499869" title="Peace River Formation">
Peace River Formation

The Peace River Formation is a stratigraphical unit of middle Albian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the Peace River, and was first described on the banks of the river, downstream from the Smoky River confluence to the mouth of the Notikewin River by McConnell in 1893.
Lithology.
The Peace River Formation consists of greywacke, coal, coarse to fine marine sandstone and dark, fissile, non-calcareous shale.
Hydrocarbon production.
Gas is produced from the Cadotte Member in northern-western Alberta.
Distribution.
The Peace River Formation is thick on average. The formation has different extents at different stages, with the Paddy Member present only in the Peace River Country in northern Alberta south of Clear Hills, while the Cadotte Member and the Harmon Member occur in both Alberta and north-eastern British Columbia.
Physiography.
The Peace River Lowland, a landform region in the Alberta Plateau. The landform region is a gently rolling lowland without clearly defined outer boundaries, extending east of the Rocky Mountains on both sides of the Peace River, sloping downward to the north and east. The higher hills in the foothills east of the Rockies in northeastern British Columbia have elevations of about 1000 m and the plains west of Lake Athabasca are about 300 m above sea level. The lowland’s Quaternary sediments of the former lake bottom of Glacial Lake Peace are underlain by Upper and Lower Cretaceous sedimentary rocks mainly shales of the Shaftesbury formation and sandstones of the Dunvegan and Peace River formations. The Peace River and its immediate tributaries have incised almost 200 meters into the sediments and into the Cretaceous bedrock in the western section but only about 70 meters in the east side further north around Fort Vermilion.
On the basis of topography and landscape pattern, the area may be subdivided into four local physiographic units: the Peace River Lowland, Otter Lakes Upland, Utikuma Lake Upland, and Clear Hills Upland.
The Peace River Lowland is located in the central part of the area and is dissected by the Peace River. The Otter Lakes Upland in the northeast is a southern extension of the Buffalo Head Hills. It has a rugged moraine topography with steep slopes and isolated hills. Elevations above sea level range from to . The Utikuma Lake Upland in the southeast also ranges from to . The Clear Hills Upland in the west ranges from to .
Relationship to other units.
The Peace River Formation is a sub-division of the Fort St. John Group. It is conformably overlain by the Shaftesbury Formation shale and is conformably underlain by the Spirit River Formation.
It is equivalent to the Commotion Formation in British Columbia and to the Scatter Formation in the Liard River area. It correlates to the Buckinghorse Formation in north-eastern British Columbia.
Subdivisions.
The Peace River Formation is composed of the following subdivisions from base to top:
The Harmon Member correlates with the Hulcross Shale of the Commotion Formation in British Columbia and the shale member of the Scatter Formation in the Liard River area. The Cadotte Member correlates with the lower part of the Boulder Creek Member of the Commotion Formation and to the sum of the sandy member of the Scatter Formation and the base of the Lepine Formation. 
In eastern and central Alberta, the Harmon Member can be correlated to the Joli Fou Formation, and the Cadotte Members with the Viking Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="21499875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499875" title="1926 Canton Bulldogs season">
1926 Canton Bulldogs season

The 1926 Canton Bulldogs season was their sixth and final season in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–4, winning only one game. They finished twentieth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21499892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499892" title="Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke">
Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke

Captain Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke (1813–1872), was a British officer of the Bombay Army and an artist notable for his 17 paintings of historic landscape views in the Nilgiri Hills in South India. Tinted lithographs were made of these views and published in imperial folio in London by the lithographer Paul Gauci in 1847. Peacocke's lithographs reflect the romantic escape to a temperate hilly area that all Britishers in the plains yearned for in those days.
Stephen Peacocke' s career culminated as a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 1866 until his death in 1872.
Family.
Captain Peacocke's parents, Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Peacocke Sr. of the Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment) (3rd Foot) and Louisa Tottenham Peacocke were married at Bath, Somerset, in the west of England, on 11 June 1808.
There is fine miniature portrait of Stephen Peacocke Sr., "c." 1800, by George Chinnery. There is a love note from Louisa to Stephen in the back of the miniature:
"My beloved, my adored, Stephen, my idolised and matchless husband, married 11 June 1808. Louisa Peacocke"
Their eldest child, Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke Jr., the artist, was born in 1813.
Their second son, Eliott Tottenham Peacocke, was at Tonbridge School 1832-33, joined the 1st Bombay Native Infantry in 1837, was promoted to Captain in the 1st Grenadiers Regiment in India in 1847 as Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, and died in Bombay aged 38 on 13 July 1854. There was/is supposedly a monument there erected to his memory by his brother officers.
In 1837, Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke Jr. and Isabella Anne Louisa Brydges born 1815, the daughter of a Baronet, were married, probably while he was on leave in England.
Stephen and Isabella had four sons and two daughters and at least ten grandchildren. Three of the sons and one daughter were residents of Auckland, and the fourth son settled in New South Wales They are:
Career.
Stephen Peacocke joined the King's Own Scottish Borderers (25th Foot) infantry regiment as an Ensign on 25 October 1833. He was in India in the 1830s with his regiment and was in Ootacamund convalescing from an illness for some time during this period. He was promoted to Lieutenant on 15 September 1837 and Captain 23 August. 1839. In October, 1842, Capt. Peacock was furloughed for 3 months to Bombay. In April, 1843 he was furloughed to England for nine months for the purpose of effecting an exchange or retiring, either on half-pay or by the sale of his commission. By 1851 he was with the 59th Foot and on 11 November 1851 received a brevet promotion to Major. and on the same day appears on the list of Majors who have retired by sale, by commutation, with a gratuity or by surrender of half pay, not in the reserve. 
In 1854-55, he appears on the retired list.
Artworks.
In the early days, only about 15 years after the founding of Ootacamund, Captain Peacocke created 17 drawings of historic landscape views in the Nilgiri Hills during a medical leave spent at Ootacamund in the late 1830s. Peacocke's lithographs reflect the romantic escape to a temperate hilly area that all Britishers in the plains yearned for in those days. It was a home away from home. Furlough was usually only every 5 years or so but there was the nearby refuge of the cool climate of the Indian hills to seek, especially Ooty with its downs, Primulas and strawberries growing wild.
In May 1847, the imperial folio; "Koondah Ranges, Western Ghauts, Madras, at & about the Stations of Ootacamund and Conoor, and the Segoor, Koondah and Conoor Passes", with vignette title page and sixteen large ( x ) plates after Peacocke was executed in the best style of tinted lithography printed on card stock, with added hand colouring, in contemporary half morocco leather binding with gilt spine for the price of £2, 12s. 6p.
The set was published by the lithographer, Paul Gauci, 9 North Crescent, Bedford Square, London.
There are three notable features in all the Peacocke drawings. First, the play of sunlight in the background of these landscapes is realistic and supplies the title "the Sunlit Hillscapes" to this series. The soft but brilliant glow of light in the South Indian hills is beautifully captured by the artist in each of the drawings. Second, the graphical perspective in his topographic representations is very lifelike. The elevations and distant houses are all in proportion and scale. The distant views, with scale and depth, give drama to Peacocke's landscapes. Third is attention to detail away from the central focus of the work. For example in "View in the Hills, Hullikkul", one can see that the hills to top left are dotted about with houses, not apparent on a cursory glance, all perfectly positioned, topographically, and in perspective. Capt. Peacocke was trained in surveying in the Army and used this training to good effect in his Neilgherry views.
Other than their 1847 publication, the lithographs are undated and the sequence of the original paintings is unknown. In an advertisement in "Allen's Indian Mail" the lithographs are listed in the following order:
Gallery of Lithographs.
The following gallery of Stephen Peacock's landscape lithographs is ordered geographically from "the Low Country & Coonoor Pass", up through "General View of Ootacamund" and continuing west up along the Sispara Ghat road past "Avalanche" and culminating in the most dramatic geography in the Nilgiri Hills; "View in the Koondahs, near Sispara". 
An entire set of 16, tinted and uncoloured, are part of the Raj Bhavan art collection in Ooty.
In June 1996, a partial set of 14 plates was sold by Christies at auction for £863 ($1,335).
The lithos of Peacocke are not in "Travel in Aquatint & Lithography" by the late Maj. John Roland Abbey.
(*)On 19–31 August 2009 nine of these lithographs, from the private collection of V. Narayan Swami, were displayed in the Exhibition of rare, unique and never-before-seen Etchings, Engravings & Aquatints : "Madras: From the City to the Presidency" at the Vennirul Art Gallery, C.P. Art Centre by the C.P. Ramaswami Aiyar Foundation, Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Later life.
After a period in Madeira, Stephen and Louisa immigrated to New Zealand from England in 1858 and founded a strong and continuing lineage in New Zealand and Australia. After a short stay in the province of Canterbury they moved to Auckland in 1859. By 1860, Stephen Peacocke had bought some land near the Pensioner Settlement of Howick, East Tamaki and remained settled there for the rest of his life. In 1860 - 1861 he was on the Auckland Jury list as a Retired field officer living at East Tamaki.
When the New Zealand land wars broke out in the Waikato, Major Peacocke, as an ex-military officer, offered his services to the Government. He was given the rank of Lt. Colonel and command of the 3rd battalion of the Auckland Militia, during the Invasion of Waikato. He commanded the district extending from Wairoa south to Otahuhu, a line which at the beginning of the war was practically "the front," defended by Galloway's and St. John's redoubts.
After the war, in 1865, Colonel Peacocke (or Ponsonby as he was called) turned his attention to politics. He entered the Auckland Provincial Council to represent the Pensioner Settlements from 1865 - 1869. He was called to the New Zealand Legislative Council in 1866 and attended several sessions of Parliament in Wellington, where he became known as a polished and effective speaker. He served as Commissioner of Crown Lands between 1867 and 1868. He continued to serve on the Legislative Council until his death. Colonel Peacocke was one of those early settlers who devoted to the public service highly cultivated minds, guided by those principles of public honour and integrity, which are characteristic of English gentlemen. Isabella Peacocke died on 12 March 1872 and Stephen Peacocke died just over two months later on 30 May 1872. They are both buried in All Saints Churchyard, Howick, New Zealand. The headstone over their grave reads: ""In death they were not divided"".

</doc>
<doc id="21499903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499903" title="Nice Guys (album)">
Nice Guys (album)

"For the 2005 film of the same name, see Nice Guys"
Nice Guys is a 1979 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago, their first to appear on the ECM label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 4½ stars noting that ""Nice Guys" was the first Art Ensemble of Chicago album released after a five-year recording hiatus and the group's first for the ECM label. During those five years, the Art Ensemble toured Europe and continued to expand its compositional, improvisational, and theatrical jazz fundamentals, captured abundantly on "Nice Guys"... the album reveals how the AEC managed to turn individual compositions into a fully realized, surprisingly accessible, avant garde group collective". "Down Beat" critic Art Lange writes that "Nice Guys", while not the Art Ensemble's best album, "is possibly their most representative, a variegated showcase illustrating much of what they do best."

</doc>
<doc id="21499922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499922" title="Caulanthus hallii">
Caulanthus hallii

Caulanthus hallii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Hall's wild cabbage. 
Distribution.
It is native to southern California and northern Baja California. 
It grows in the Colorado Desert (western Sonoran Desert), Mojave Desert sky islands, and the dry eastern Peninsular Ranges slopes. 
Description.
"Caulanthus hallii" is an annual herb producing a hollow stem fringed at the base with long, deeply cut leaves which are hairless or sometimes bristly. 
The greenish yellow flower has a coat of hairy sepals over narrow, pale petals. The fruit is a silique up to about 11 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="21499930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499930" title="Joint International Commission for Theological Dialogue Between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church">
Joint International Commission for Theological Dialogue Between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church

The Joint International Commission for Theological Dialogue Between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church was established by the Holy See and 14 autocephalous Orthodox churches.
Background.
For Catholics, the convocation of the Second Vatican Council at which Orthodox observers were present marked a new beginning. A positive evaluation of the eastern tradition is found in the Council documents, especially Unitatis Redintegratio. Most importantly, it clearly states that the Orthodox are “churches” in the full sense of the word, and that they have valid sacraments. This laid the foundation for the development of an ecclesiology of communion and the notion that Catholics and Orthodox are “sister churches.”
This coincided with the development of what became known as the “dialogue of charity,” a process of learning to trust one another again, a necessary precursor of any fruitful theological dialogue. In January 1964 Pope Paul VI and Patriarch Athenagoras I of Constantinople met for the first time, in Jerusalem. On December 7, 1965 in Rome and Istanbul they simultaneously proclaimed the lifting of the mutual excommunications of 1054, declaring them “erased from the memory” of the church. These steps were the prelude to the establishment of the theological commission by Pope John Paul II and Patriarch Dimitrios I of Constantinople in 1979.
Plenary sessions.
The commission's first ten years of work reflected the growing consensus between the two communions and saw the publication of three agreed statements on such issues as the relationship between the Trinity, the Church and Eucharist; the sacraments of initiation and the connection between common faith and sacramental communion; and the theology of the ordained ministry.
The commission has held the following plenary sessions:
Seventh Plenary Session (Balamand, Lebanon).
The seventh plenary session took place from June 17 to 24th, 1993. The theme of this session was entirely focused on the theological and practical questions presented by the existence and pastoral activity of the Oriental Catholic Churches. The dissolution of the Soviet Union and the attendant collapse of the Warsaw Pact in Central and Eastern Europe brought about "profound changes... involving the rebirth of religious liberty and the resumption of open pastoral activity by the Oriental Catholic Churches". The session declared that these changes had "made these questions the touchstone of the quality of the relations between the Catholic and the Orthodox Churches." In particular, the question of Uniatism became the focus of attention. The document of the joint dialogue commission on the theme: "Uniatism: method of union of the past, and the present search for full communion" declared the following:
Eighth Plenary Session (Emmitsburg, USA).
The eighth plenary session of the Joint International Commission for the Theological Dialogue between the Roman Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church was held in Emmitsburg, Maryland, USA from July 9 to 19th, 2000.
The theme discussed at this plenary session was the "Ecclesiological and Canonical Implications of Uniatism" based upon the preliminary document prepared in Ariccia/Rome (1998) by the Commission's Coordinating Committee, a subject which had assumed particular importance since the changes which occurred in Central and Eastern Europe over the ten years prior to the meeting.
The Joint International Commission had been particularly concerned with this question since its sixth plenary session in Freising (Germany) in 1990 and in its seventh session in Balamand (Lebanon) in 1993. Documents touching upon theological aspects as well as practical guidelines were issued by the Joint Commission in these meetings. Although reactions were generally positive, the documents were met with some reservations and even outright opposition, sometimes from both sides.
Tenth Plenary Session (Ravenna, Italy).
The tenth meeting took place in Ravenna, Italy from October 8 to 14th, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21499942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499942" title="Blas Avena">
Blas Avena

Blas Avena (born June 30, 1983) is an American professional mixed martial artist and World Extreme Cagefighting veteran currently signed with the Bellator promotion.
MMA career.
Blas relocated from Southern California to Las Vegas in 2004 where he got a job working as a security guard at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. He is known for his superior ground fighting and submissions. Blas holds a notable win over UFC fighter Tiki Ghosn. Avena was set to headline California's first hybrid MMA/Muay Thai card against undefeated Ky Hollenbeck, May 30, 2009, but dropped out due to undisclosed personal reasons.

</doc>
