<doc id="21442933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442933" title="Catholic doctrine regarding the Ten Commandments">
Catholic doctrine regarding the Ten Commandments

Official Catholic doctrine regarding the Ten Commandments appears in the Catholic Church's "Catechism". The Commandments listed in and , are part of the covenant between God and the Israelites. Catholicism teaches that the commandments are essential for spiritual good health and growth, and that they form the basis for social justice. A review of the Commandments is one of the most common types of examination of conscience used by Catholics before receiving the sacrament of Penance.
The Commandments appear in the earliest Church writings; the "Catechism" states that they have "occupied a predominant place" in teaching the faith since the time of Saint Augustine (AD 354–430). The Church had no official standards for religious instruction until the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215; evidence suggests the Commandments were used in Christian education in the Early Church and throughout the Middle Ages, but with inconsistent emphasis. The lack of instruction in them by some dioceses formed the basis of one of the criticisms launched against the Church by Protestant reformers. Afterward, the first Church-wide catechism in 1566 provided "thorough discussions of each commandment", but gave greater emphasis to the seven sacraments. The most recent "Catechism" devotes a large section to interpret each of the commandments.
Church teaching of the Commandments is largely based on the Old and New Testaments and the writings of the early Church Fathers. In the New Testament, Jesus acknowledged their validity and instructed his disciples to go further, demanding a righteousness exceeding that of the scribes and Pharisees. Summarized by Jesus into two "Great Commandments" that teach "love of God" and "love of neighbor", they instruct individuals on their relationships with both. The first three commandments demand respect for God's name, observation of the Lord's Day and prohibit the worship of other gods. The others deal with the relationships between individuals, such as that between parent and child; they include prohibitions against lying, stealing, murdering, adultery and covetousness.
Numbering.
The Old Testament refers to ten individual commandments, even though there are more than ten imperative sentences in the two relevant texts: Exodus 20:1–17 and Deuteronomy 5:6–21. The Old Testament does not make clear how the texts should be divided to arrive at ten commandments. The division traditionally used by the Catholic and Lutheran churches was first derived by the Latin Church Father Augustine of Hippo (354–430) in his book "Questions on Exodus". Other Christian churches, such as the Eastern Orthodox and some Protestant churches, use a form established by the Greek Fathers. The two forms have slightly different numbering, but maintain exactly the same substance despite Protestant accusations to the contrary. Jewish numbering differs from Christian denominations in that it considers what many Christians call a prologue to be the entire first commandment.
History.
The Ten Commandments are recognized as a moral foundation by Judaism, Christianity and Islam. They first appear in the Book of Exodus, according to which Moses, acting under the orders of God, freed the Israelites from physical slavery in Egypt. According to Church teaching, God offered a covenant—which included the Ten Commandments—to also free them from the "spiritual slavery" of sin. Some historians have described this as "the central event in the history of ancient Israel".
The coming of Jesus is seen by the Catholic Church as the fulfillment of the destiny of the Jews, who were chosen, according to Peter Kreeft, to "show the true God to the world". Jesus acknowledged the Commandments and instructed his followers to go further, requiring, in Kreeft's words, "more, not less: a 'righteousness (which) exceeds that of the scribes and Pharisees. Explaining Church teaching, Kreeft states, "The Commandments are to the moral order what the creation story in Genesis 1 is to the natural order. They are God's order conquering chaos. They are not man's ideas about God, but God's ideas about man." The Church teaches that Jesus freed people from keeping "the burdensome Jewish law (Torah or Mosaic Law) with its 613 distinct regulations not from the obligation to keep the Ten Commandments", because the Ten "were written 'with the finger of God', unlike [those written by Moses". This teaching was reaffirmed at the Council of Trent (1545–1563) and at the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965).
Although it is uncertain what role the Ten Commandments played in early Christian worship, evidence suggests they were recited during some services and used in Christian education. For example, the Commandments are included in one of the earliest Christian writings, known as the "Teaching of the Twelve Apostles" or the "Didache". Scholars contend that the Commandments were highly regarded by the early Church as a summary of God's law. The Protestant scholar Klaus Bockmuehl believes that the Church replaced the Commandments with lists of virtues and vices, such as the seven deadly sins, from 400–1200. Other scholars contend that throughout Church history the Commandments have been used as an examination of conscience and that many theologians have written about them. While evidence exists that the Commandments were part of catechesis in monasteries and other venues, there was no official Church position to promote specific methods of religious instruction during the Middle Ages. The Fourth Lateran Council (1215) was the first attempt to remedy this problem. Surviving evidence reveals that some bishops' efforts to implement the Council's resolutions included special emphasis on teaching the Commandments in their respective dioceses. Centuries later, the lack of instruction in them by some dioceses formed the basis of one of the criticisms launched against the Church by Protestant reformers.
Catechisms produced in specific dioceses from the mid-fourteenth century emphasized the Commandments and laid the foundation for the first official Church-wide catechism, the 1566 "Roman Catechism". Commissioned by the Council of Trent, it provided "thorough discussions of each commandment" but gave greater emphasis to the seven sacraments to emphasize the Catholic belief that Christian life was dependent upon the grace solely obtained through the sacramental life provided by the Catholic Church. This emphasis conflicted with Protestant beliefs, which held the Commandments as the source of divine grace. While more recent papal encyclicals offer interpretations of Church teaching on individual commandments, throughout history official Church teachings on the Commandments are based on their mentions in the Old and New Testaments and the writings of the early Church Fathers Origen, Irenaeus and Augustine. Later, theologians Thomas Aquinas and Bonaventure offered notable commentaries on the Commandments. Aquinas, a Doctor of the Church, considered them to be the "primary precepts of justice and all law, and natural reason gives immediate assent to them as being plainly evident principles."
The most recent "Catechism of the Catholic Church"—the official summary of Church beliefs—devotes a large section to the Commandments, which serve as the basis for Catholic social teaching. According to the "Catechism", the Church has given them a predominant place in teaching the faith since the fifth century. Kreeft explains that the Church regards them as "a path of life", and a "path to freedom" just as a schoolyard fence protects children from "life-threatening dangers".
First commandment.
The first commandment, according to Church teaching, "means that must worship and adore God alone because God "is" alone." The "Catechism" explains that this prohibits idolatry, providing examples of forbidden practices such as the worship of any creature, and of demons ... power, pleasure, race, ancestors, the state [and money. Augustine interpreted this commandment as "Love God and then do what you will". Explaining this sentiment, Kreeft states that all sin "serves some other god, obeys another commander: the world or the flesh or the devil."
The "Catechism" associates this commandment with the three theological virtues. The first virtue, faith, instructs Catholics to believe in God and avoid heresy, apostasy, and schism. The second virtue, hope, cautions Catholics against despair and presumption. According to the "Catechism", the last virtue, charity, can be met only if Catholics refrain from indifference or ingratitude toward God, and avoid spiritual laziness and a hatred of God stemming from pride. The "Catechism" enumerates specific violations of this commandment, including superstition, polytheism, sacrilege, atheism, and all practices of magic and sorcery. It further prohibits astrology, palm reading, and consulting horoscopes or mediums. The "Catechism" attributes the latter actions to a "desire for power over time, history, and in the last analysis, other human beings as well as a wish to conciliate hidden powers".
Graven images.
While Catholics are sometimes accused of worshiping images, in violation of the first commandment, the Church says this is a misunderstanding. In the Church's opinion, "the honor paid to sacred images is a 'respectful veneration', not the adoration due to God alone". In the 8th century, heated arguments arose over whether religious icons (in this context paintings) were prohibited by the first commandment. The dispute was almost entirely restricted to the Eastern church; the iconoclasts wished to prohibit icons, while the iconodules supported their veneration, a position consistently backed by the Western Church. At the Second Council of Nicaea in 787, the ecumenical council determined that the veneration of icons and statues was not in violation of the commandment and stated "whoever venerates an image venerates the person portrayed in it." At around the time of the controversy over Iconoclasm, the Western church began to use monumental sculpture, which by the Romanesque period became a major feature of Western Christian art, that has remained part of the Catholic tradition, in contrast to Eastern Christianity, which avoids large religious sculpture. The "Catechism", using very traditional arguments, posits that God gave permission for images that symbolize Christian salvation by leaving symbols such as the bronze serpent, and the cherubim on the Ark of the Covenant. It states that "by becoming incarnate, the Son of God introduced a new economy of images". 
The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) explain the "Catechism" in their book entitled "United States Catechism for Adults", published in 2006. Regarding graven images, they expound that this command addresses idolatry that in ancient times expressed itself in the worship of such things as the "sun, moon, stars, trees, bulls, eagles, and serpents" as well as "emperors and kings". They explain that today, idolatry expresses itself in the worship of other things, and list some as "power, money, materialism and sports."
Second commandment.
The second commandment prohibits the use of God's name in vain. Many ancient cultures believed that names were sacred; some had prohibitions on when a person's name could be spoken. The Gospel of John relates an incident where a group of Jews attempted to stone Jesus after he used a sacred name of God to refer to himself. They interpreted his statement as a claim of divinity. Since they did not believe that he was God, they considered this blasphemy, which under Mosaic law carries a death penalty. Kreeft writes that all of the names by which God is known are holy, and thus all of those names are protected by the second commandment. The "Catechism" states, "Respect for his name is an expression of the respect owed to the mystery of God himself and to the whole sacred reality it evokes." The "Catechism" also requires respect for the names of people out of respect for the dignity of that person.
The sentiment behind this commandment is further codified in the Lord's Prayer, which begins, "Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name". According to Pope Benedict XVI, when God revealed his name to Moses he established a relationship with mankind; Benedict states that the Incarnation was the culmination of a process that "had begun with the giving of the divine name." Benedict elaborates that this means the divine name could be misused and that Jesus' inclusion of "hallowed be thy name" is a plea for the sanctification of God's name, to "protect the wonderful mystery of his accessibility to us, and constantly assert his true identity as opposed to our distortion of it".
According to Catholic teaching, this commandment does not preclude the use of God's name in taking solemn oaths administered by legitimate authority. However, lying under oath, invoking God's name for magical purposes, or voicing words of hatred or defiance against God are considered sins of blasphemy.
Third commandment.
Quoting the Jewish rabbi and scholar Jacob Neusner, Pope Benedict XVI explains that to Israel, keeping this commandment was more than ritual; it was a way to imitate God, who rested on the seventh day after the creation. It also constituted the core of the social order.
Although a few Christian denominations follow the Judaic practice of observing the Sabbath on Saturday, Catholics, along with most Christians, observe Sunday as a special day, which they call the "Lord's Day". This practice dates to the first century, arising from their belief that Jesus rose from the dead on the first day of the week. The Didache calls on Christians to come together on the Lord's Day to break bread and give thanks. Tertullian is the first to mention Sunday rest:
"We, however (just as tradition has taught us), on the day of the Lord's Resurrection ought to guard not only against kneeling, but every posture and office of solicitude, deferring even our businesses lest we give any place to the devil" ("De orat.", xxiii; cf. "Ad nation.", I, xiii; "Apolog.", xvi).
In the sixth century, Saint Caesarius of Arles taught that the whole glory of the Jewish Sabbath had been transferred to Sunday and that Christians must keep Sunday as the Jews were commanded to keep the Sabbath, but the Council of Orléans in 538 reprobated this tendency as Jewish and non-Christian.
The Church leaders of later centuries inscribed Sunday rest into official Church teaching, and Christian governments have attempted to enforce the Sunday rest throughout history. For Catholics, Jesus' teaching that "the sabbath was made for man, not man for the sabbath" means that good works "when the needs of others demand it" can be part of the day of rest. The "Catechism" offers guidelines on how to observe the Lord's Day, which include attending Mass on Sundays and holy days of obligation. On these days, Catholics may not work or do activities that "hinder the worship due to God", but "performance of the works of mercy, and appropriate relaxation in a spirit of joy" are permitted.
According to the USCCB, this commandment "has been concretized for Catholics" as one of the Church precepts. The organization cites the papal encyclical "Dies Domini":
Because the faithful are obliged to attend Mass unless there is a grave impediment, pastors have the corresponding duty to offer everyone the real possibility of fulfilling the precept. ... Yet more than a precept, the observance should be seen as a need rising from the depths of Christian life. It is crucially important that all the faithful should be convinced that they cannot live their faith or share fully in the life of the Christian community unless they take part regularly in the Sunday Eucharistic assembly.
Fourth commandment.
Pope Benedict XVI states that Rabbi Neusner "rightly sees this commandment as anchoring the heart of the social order". It strengthens generational relationships, makes explicit the connection between family order and societal stability, and reveals that the family is "both willed and protected by God." Because parents' unconditional love for their children mirrors God's love, and because they have a duty to pass the faith on to their children, the "Catechism" calls the family "a domestic church", "a privileged community" and the "original cell of social life".
The "Catechism" says this commandment requires duties of children to parents that include:
Keeping this commandment, according to the "Catechism", also requires duties of parents to children which include:
Jesus' expansion.
The Gospel of Matthew relates that when told his mother and brothers were waiting to see him, Jesus replied, "Who is my mother and who are my brothers?" Stretching his hand over his disciples he said, "Here are my mother and my brothers! For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother, and my sister, and mother." Pope Benedict XVI stated that this dictum of Jesus brought the fourth commandment to a new and higher level. By doing God's will, any person can become part of the universal family of Jesus. Thus, the fourth commandment's responsibilities extend to the greater society and requires respect for "legitimate social authorities". The "Catechism" specifies "duties of citizens and nations", which Kreeft summarizes as:
Fifth commandment.
This commandment demands respect for human life and is more accurately translated as "thou shalt not murder." Indeed, killing may, under limited circumstances, be justified within Catholicism. Jesus expanded it to prohibit unjust anger, hatred and vengeance, and to require Christians to love their enemies. The basis of all Catholic teaching about the fifth commandment is the sanctity of life ethic, which Kreeft argues is philosophically opposed to the quality of life ethic, a philosophy which he characterizes as introduced by a book entitled "Die Freigabe der Vernichtung des Lebensunwerten Lebens" ("The Permission to Destroy Life Unworthy of Life") (see Life unworthy of life) and which he asserts was the "first to win public acceptance ... by German doctors before World War II—the basis and beginning of Nazi medical practices." This interpretation is supported by modern medical journals that discuss the dilemma posed by these opposing philosophies to physicians who must make life or death decisions. Some bioethicists characterize the use of the "Nazi analogy" as inappropriate when applied to quality of life decisions; Arthur Caplan called this rhetoric "odiously wrong". The Church is actively involved in the public debates over abortion, capital punishment and euthanasia, and encourages believers to support legislation and politicians it describes as pro-life.
Abortion.
The "Catechism" states: "Human life is sacred because from its beginning it involves the creative action of God and it remains forever in a special relationship with the Creator, who is its sole end. ... no one can under any circumstance claim for himself the right directly to destroy an innocent human being." Direct and intentional killing of an innocent human is considered a mortal sin. Considered by the Church to be of an even greater gravity is the murder of family members, including "infanticide, fratricide, patricide, the murder of a spouse and procured abortion."
The Church defines the moment of conception as the beginning of human life and stresses that the child in the womb must be "defended in its integrity, cared for, and healed, as far as possible, like any other human being". Abortion has been specifically and persistently condemned by the Church since the first century.
"Formal cooperation" in abortion incurs the penalty of excommunication "by the very commission of the offense" (Lat. "latae sententiae", "sentence i.e. automatically passed"). The "Catechism" emphasizes that this penalty is not meant to restrict mercy, but that it makes clear the gravity of the crime and the irreparable harm done to the child, its parents and society. "Formal cooperation" in abortion extends not just to the mother who freely submits, but also to the doctor, nurses and anyone who directly aids in the act. The Church has ministries of reconciliation, such as Project Rachel, for those who sincerely repent of their sin of formal cooperation in abortion.
Official Church teaching allows for medical procedures and treatments intended to protect or restore the mother's health if she would be in mortal danger without them, even when such procedures carry some risk of death to the fetus. Examples include the removal of a fallopian tube in the case of an ectopic pregnancy, removal of a pregnant cancerous uterus, or an appendectomy.
Use of embryos for research or fertilization.
The "United States Catechism for Adults" devotes a section to in vitro fertilization, stem-cell research and cloning in its explanation of the fifth commandment, because these often involve the destruction of human embryos, considered to be a gravely sinful form of murder. Embryonic stem cell research is called "an immoral means to a good end" and "morally unacceptable." Citing the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith's "Instruction on Respect for Human Life in its Origin and on the Dignity of Procreation", the US Bishops quote: "No objective, even though noble in itself, such as a foreseeable advantage to science, to other human beings, or to society, can in any way justify experimentation on living human embryos or fetuses, whether viable or not, either inside or outside the mother's body." The Bishops note that adult stem cell research, using cells obtained with informed consent, is a promising field of research that is morally acceptable.
Suicide, euthanasia.
The fifth commandment forbids suicide and the mercy killing of those who are dying, even to eliminate suffering. The ordinary care of those facing an imminent death may not morally be withheld, according to the Church. "Ordinary care" refers to food, water and pain relief, and does not include "extraordinary care", which refers to the use of respirators or feeding tubes that are considered discretionary. Allowing a terminally ill person to die, using painkillers that may shorten their life, or refusing extraordinary treatment to the terminally ill such as chemotherapy or radiation, are considered morally acceptable and not a violation of the fifth commandment, in accordance with the principle of double effect.
Capital punishment.
For the first two hundred years, Christians "refused to kill in the military, in self-defense, or in the judicial system", but there was no official Church position on the death penalty. When the Church was first officially recognized as a public institution in 313, its attitude toward capital punishment became one of toleration but not outright acceptance. The death penalty had support from early Catholic theologians; Saint Ambrose encouraged members of the clergy to pronounce and carry out capital punishment, while Augustine answered objections rooted in the fifth commandment in "The City of God". Thomas Aquinas and Duns Scotus also argued that civil authority to carry out capital punishment was supported by scripture. Pope Innocent III required Peter Waldo and the Waldensians to accept that "secular power can, without mortal sin, exercise judgement of blood, provided that it punishes with justice, not out of hatred, with prudence, not precipitation" as a prerequisite for reconciliation with the church. Paul Suris states that official Church teachings have neither absolutely condemned nor promoted capital punishment, but toleration of it has fluctuated throughout the ages. The Inquisitions provide the most memorable instance of Church support for capital punishment, although some historians considered these more lenient than the secular courts of the period.
The "Catechism of the Catholic Church" states that the death penalty is permissible in cases of extreme gravity. It is allowed if the "guilty party's identity and responsibility have been fully determined" and if the death penalty is the only way to defend others against the guilty party. However, if there are other means available to defend people from the "unjust aggressor", these are preferred because they are considered to be more respectful of the dignity of the person and in keeping with the common good. Because modern societies have effective means for preventing crime without execution, the "Catechism" declares, "the cases in which execution of the offender is an absolute necessity 'are very rare, if practically nonexistent. Pope John Paul II discussed and affirmed this in "Evangelium Vitae", published in 1995.
Personal health, dead bodies, burial.
According to Church teaching, respect for human life requires respect for one's own body, precluding unhealthy behavior, the abuse of food, alcohol, medicines, illegal drugs, tattoos and piercings. The Church also warns against the opposite behavior of "excessive preoccupation with the health and welfare of the body that 'idolizes' physical perfection, fitness, and success at sports."
Kidnapping, terrorism, torture, sterilizations, amputations, mutilations that are not for therapeutic medical reasons are forbidden. According to the "Catechism", societies have a moral obligation to strive to provide healthy living conditions for all people.
Church belief in the resurrection of the body led to a prohibition against cremation that was pastorally modified at the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s under limited circumstances, but those conditions have been largely ignored even by the clergy. According to the "Catechism", burial of the dead is a corporal work of mercy that must treat the body with respect and love (e.g. scattering of cremated remains, burial in an unmarked grave, etc. are forbidden in the Catholic Church). Organ donation, cremation and autopsies for legal and scientific reasons are permitted.
War and self-defense.
In the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus recalls the commandment, "You shall not kill" and then adds to it the proscriptions against anger, hatred and vengeance. Going further, Christ asks his disciples to love their enemies. The "Catechism" asserts that "it is legitimate to insist on respect for one's own right to life." Kreeft says, "self-defense is legitimate for the same reason suicide is not: because one's own life is a gift from God, a treasure we are responsible for preserving and defending." The "Catechism" teaches that "someone who defends his life is not guilty of murder even if he is forced to deal his aggressor a lethal blow." Legitimate defense can be not only a right but a grave duty for one who is responsible for the lives of others. The defense of the common good requires that an unjust aggressor be rendered unable to cause harm. For this reason, those who legitimately hold authority also have the right to use arms to repel aggressors against the civil community entrusted to their responsibility.
The Church requires all to pray and work to prevent unjust wars, but allows for just wars if certain conditions are met:
Scandal.
The "Catechism" classifies scandal under the fifth commandment and defines it as "an attitude or behavior which leads another to do evil". In the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus stated, "Whoever causes one of these little ones who believe in me to sin, it would be better for him to have a great millstone fastened round his neck and to be drowned in the depth of the sea." The Church considers it a serious crime to cause another's faith, hope and love to be weakened, especially if it is done to young people and the perpetrator is a person of authority such as a parent, teacher or priest.
Sixth commandment.
According to the Church, humans are sexual beings whose sexual identity extends beyond the body to the mind and soul. The sexes are meant by divine design to be different and complementary, each having equal dignity and made in the image of God. Sexual acts are sacred within the context of the marital relationship that reflects a "complete and lifelong mutual gift of a man and a woman." Sexual sins thus violate not just the body but the person's whole being. In his 1995 book "Crossing the Threshold of Hope", John Paul II reflected on this concept:
After all, young people are always searching for the beauty in love. They want their love to be beautiful. If they give in to weakness, following the models of behavior that can rightly be considered a 'scandal in the contemporary world' (and these are, unfortunately, widely diffused models), in the depths of their hearts they still desire a beautiful and pure love. This is as true of boys as it is of girls. Ultimately, they know that only God can give them this love. As a result, they are willing to follow Christ, without caring about the sacrifices this may entail.
Like Orthodox Judaism and Islam, the Catholic Church considers all sexual acts outside of marriage to be grave sins. The gravity of the sin excludes one from sacramental communion' until repented of and forgiven in sacramental confession."
Vocation to chastity.
Church teaching on the sixth commandment includes a discussion on chastity. The "Catechism" describes chastity as a "moral virtue ... a gift from God, a grace, a fruit of spiritual effort." The Church sees sex as more than a physical act; it also affects body and soul, so the Church teaches that chastity is a virtue all people are called to acquire. It is defined as the inner unity of a person's "bodily and spiritual being" that successfully integrates a person's sexuality with his or her "entire human nature." To acquire this virtue, followers are encouraged to enter into the "long and exacting work" of self-mastery that is helped by friendships, God's grace, maturity and education "that respects the moral and spiritual dimensions of human life." The "Catechism" categorizes violations of the sixth commandment into two categories: "offenses against chastity" and "offenses against the dignity of marriage".
Offenses against chastity.
The "Catechism" lists the following "offenses against chastity" in increasing order of gravity:
Homosexuality.
The "Catechism" devotes a separate section to homosexuality within its explanation of the sixth commandment. Like heterosexual acts outside of marriage, homosexual acts are considered sins. The Church distinguishes between homosexual attractions, which are not considered sinful, and homosexual acts, which are. The "Catechism" states that they "violate natural law, cannot bring forth life, and do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity. Under no circumstances can they be approved." The Church teaches that a homosexual inclination is "objectively disordered" and can be a great trial for the person, who the Church teaches must be "accepted with respect, compassion and sensitivity ... unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided."
Homosexuals are, according to the Church, "called to chastity". They are instructed to practice the virtues of "self-mastery" that teaches "inner freedom" using the support of friends, prayer and grace found in the sacraments of the Church. These tools are meant to help homosexuals "gradually and resolutely approach Christian perfection", which is a state to which all Christians are called.
Love of husband and wife.
According to Church teaching, spousal love is intended to form an unbroken, two-fold end: the union of husband and wife and the transmission of life. The unitive aspect includes the transference of each partner's being "so that they are no longer two but one flesh." The sacrament of matrimony is viewed as God's sealing the consent which binds the partners together. Church teaching on the marital state requires spousal acceptance of each other's failures and faults, and the recognition that the "call to holiness in marriage" is one that requires a process of spiritual growth and conversion that can last throughout life.
Fecundity of marriage, sexual pleasure, birth control.
The Church position on sexual activity can be summarized as: "sexual activity belongs only in marriage as an expression of total self-giving and union, and always open to the possibility of new life." Sexual acts in marriage are considered "noble and honorable" and are meant to be enjoyed with "joy and gratitude." Sexuality is to be reserved to marriage: "by its very nature conjugal love requires the inviolable fidelity of the spouses. This is the consequence of the gift of themselves which they make to each other. Love seeks to be definitive; it cannot be an arrangement "until further notice." The "intimate union of marriage, as a mutual giving of two persons, and the good of the children, demand total fidelity from the spouses and require an unbreakable union between them.""(Gaudium et Spes)"".
Artificial birth control predates Christianity; the Catholic Church has condemned these methods throughout its history. In response to the Church of England accepting the practice of artificial contraception in 1930, the Catholic Church issued the papal encyclical "Casti Connubii" on 31 December 1930. The 1968 papal encyclical "Humanae Vitae" is a reaffirmation of the Catholic Church's traditional view of marriage and marital relations, and a continued condemnation of artificial birth control.
The Church encourages large families, seeing them as a blessing. "By its very nature the institution of marriage and married love is ordered to the procreation and education of the offspring and it is in them that it finds its crowning glory.""(Gaudium et Spes)"
Children are the supreme gift of marriage and contribute greatly to the good of the parents themselves. (...) true married love and the whole structure of family life which results from it, without diminishment of the other ends of marriage, are directed to disposing the spouses to cooperate valiantly with the love of the Creator and Savior, who through them will increase and enrich his family from day to day.("Gaudium et Spes")." It recognizes that responsible parenthood sometimes calls for reasonable spacing or limiting of births and considers natural family planning as morally acceptable, but rejects all methods of artificial contraception. The Church rejects all forms of artificial insemination and fertilization because the techniques divorce the sexual act from the creation of a child. The "Catechism" states, "A child is not something "owed" to one, but is a "gift" ... 'the supreme gift of marriage.
Many Church members and non-members have criticized Church support for natural family planning, and contend it contributes to overpopulation and poverty. The Church's rejection of condom use is widely criticized, in particular with regard to countries where the incidence of AIDS and HIV has reached epidemic proportions. In its defense, Catholics cite countries such as Kenya and Uganda, where behavioral changes are encouraged alongside condom use, and where greater progress in controlling the disease has been made than in countries that promote condom use alone.
Offenses against the dignity of marriage.
According to the Church, adultery and divorce are considered offenses against the dignity of marriage and are defined as follows:
Separation, civil divorce, annulments.
According to the Church, there are situations that do not equate to divorce:
Seventh commandment.
The "Catechism" explains that this commandment regulates worldly goods, and forbids unjustly taking, using or damaging those that belong to someone else. It places requirements upon those who possess worldly goods to use them responsibly, taking into consideration the good of society. The "Catechism" addresses the concept of human stewardship of God's creation in its explanation of the seventh commandment and forbids abuse of animals and the environment.
Private property.
According to the Church, people have a right to private property. However, ownership makes that person "a steward" who is expected to make it "fruitful" or profitable in a way that benefits others after that person has first taken care of their family. Private property and the common good are seen as complementary elements that exist for the purpose of strengthening society. The taking of another's private property "in obvious and urgent necessity ... to provide for immediate, essential needs (food, shelter, clothing)" is not considered by the Church to be stealing. The concept of slavery as private property is condemned by the Church, which classifies it as the stealing of a person's human rights.
Social justice.
The papal encyclical "Rerum Novarum" discusses the relationships and mutual duties between labor and capital, as well as government and its citizens. Of primary concern was the need for some amelioration for "the misery and wretchedness pressing so unjustly on the majority of the working class". The encyclical supported the right to form unions, rejected socialism, communism and unrestricted capitalism, and affirmed the right to private property.
Church interpretation of the seventh commandment teaches that business owners should balance a desire for profits that will ensure the future of the business with a responsibility toward the "good of persons". Business owners are required to pay their workers a reasonable wage, honor contracts, and abstain from dishonest activity, including bribery of government officials. Workers are required to do their jobs conscientiously, as they have been hired to do them, and to avoid dishonesty in the workplace, such as using office goods for personal use without permission (embezzlement).
The church teaches that a balance should exist between government regulation and the laws of the marketplace. It deems that sole reliance on the marketplace (pure capitalism) insufficiently addresses many human needs, while sole reliance on government regulation (pure socialism) "perverts the basis of social bonds". However, the Church does not reject either capitalism or socialism but warns against excessive extremes of each system that result in injustice to persons.
Wealthier nations, like wealthier individuals, have a moral obligation to help poorer nations and individuals, and work to reform financial institutions and economic factors to benefit all.
Eighth commandment.
The "Catechism" explains that bearing false witness or "speaking a falsehood with the intention of deceiving" encompasses all violations of truth. These violations have degrees of gravity depending on the "intentions of the one who lies and the harms suffered by its victims." Listed as follows, these are:
The Church requires those who have damaged the reputation of another to "make reparation for the untruth they have communicated." However, it does not require a person to reveal a truth to someone who does not have a right to know, and teaches respect for a right to privacy. Priests are prohibited from violating the seal of confession no matter how grave the sin or its impact on society.
Included in the Church teachings of this commandment is the requirement for Christians to bear witness to their faith "without equivocation" in situations that require it. The use of modern media in spreading untruths, by individuals, businesses or governments, is condemned.
Ninth commandment.
The ninth and tenth commandments deal with coveting, which is an interior disposition not a physical act. The "Catechism" distinguishes between covetousness of the flesh (sexual desire for another's spouse) and covetousness for another's worldly goods. The ninth commandment deals with the former and the tenth the latter.
Jesus emphasized the need for pure thoughts as well as actions, and stated, "Everyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart." The "Catechism" states that, with the help of God's grace, men and women are required to overcome lust and bodily desires "for sinful relationships with another person's spouse." Purity of heart is suggested as the necessary quality needed to accomplish this task; common Catholic prayers and hymns include a request for this virtue.
The Church identifies gifts of God that help a person maintain purity:
Jesus stated, "Blessed are the clean of heart, for they shall see God." This purity of heart, which the ninth commandment introduces, is the "precondition of the vision of God" and allows the person to see situations and people as God sees. The "Catechism" teaches that "there is a connection between purity of heart, of body and of faith."
Tenth commandment.
Detachment from riches is the goal of the tenth commandment and the first Beatitude ("blessed are the poor in spirit") because, according to the "Catechism", this precept is necessary for entrance into the Kingdom of heaven. Covetousness is prohibited by the tenth commandment because it is considered to be the first step toward commission of theft, robbery and fraud; these may lead to violence and injustice. The Church defines covetousness as a "disordered desire" that can take different forms:
Explaining Church teaching of this commandment, Kreeft cites Saint Thomas Aquinas, who wrote, "An evil desire can only be overcome by a stronger good desire." The US Bishops suggest that this can be achieved through cultivation of goodwill, humility and gratitude for one's own and others' blessings, while trusting in God's grace. Kreeft explains that Saint Paul the Apostle illustrated the concept in his letter to the Philippians when he listed his worldly credentials as a respected Jew and stated, "I count everything as loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord." As Jesus stated, "What shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own Church teaching on the tenth commandment is directed toward this same attitude toward worldly goods, termed "poverty of spirit".

</doc>
<doc id="21442936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442936" title="Louisa May Alcott School">
Louisa May Alcott School

Louisa May Alcott School, also known as "School No. 59" and "Reisterstown Road School," is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Colonial Revival or Georgian Revival structure completed in 1910. The freestanding building rises 3 ½ to 4 levels from brick base to metal cornice. It features symmetrically designed brick and stucco bands, decorative terra cotta, and three metal cupolas atop the hipped roof.
Louisa May Alcott School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21442943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442943" title="Albert E. Herrnstein">
Albert E. Herrnstein

Albert Ernest Herrnstein (August 15, 1882 – August 14, 1958) was an American football player and coach. He played at the University of Michigan as a halfback and end from 1899 to 1902 and was the head football coach at the Haskell Indian School (1903–1904), Purdue University (1905), and Ohio State University (1906–1909).
University of Michigan.
A native of Chillicothe, Ohio, Herrnstein attended the University of Michigan from 1899 to 1909. He played six years of varsity football and gained fame as one of the stars of Fielding H. Yost's "Point-a-Minute" teams that outscored their opponents 1,211–12 in 1901 and 1902. One of the highlights of Herrnstein's playing career was the 1902 Michigan – Ohio State game when he scored thirty five touchdowns in an 86–0 rout of the Buckeyes. Herrnstein might have scored more touchdowns had the official not stopped the game halfway through the second half after concluding "the game was getting out of hand." As a member of the 1901 Wolverines team, Herrnstein played in the 1902 Rose Bowl, the first ever college football bowl game. Herrnstein kicked a 21-yard field goal in the game, a 49–0 win over Stanford.
Coaching.
After graduating from Michigan in 1903, Herrnstein was hired as the football coach at the Haskell Indian School in Kansas, where he coached in 1903 and 1904. The Haskell football team went 7–3 in 1903, and in 1904 Herrnstein led them to the best record in the school's history to that point, finishing with an 8–1 record, and outscoring opponents 221–50. In 1905, Herrnstein was hired as the head coach of Purdue and led the Boilermakers to a 6–1–1 record. Herrnstein was hired by Ohio State in 1906, and his 1906 Buckeyes team was the best team the school had fielded to that point. The 1906 Buckeyes did not allow a single touchdown, outscored opponents 153–14, and compiled a record of 8–1. The one defeat was a 6–0 loss to Herrnstein's alma mater, Michigan. Herrnstein's 1906 team also threw the first forward pass in Ohio State history, a ten-yard touchdown pass in a game against Wooster. Herrnstein's 1907 team finished 7–2–1 with losses to Michigan and Case. In 1908, the Buckeyes slipped to 6–4, and Herrnstein failed in his third attempt to defeat Michigan. In 1908, Michigan's athletic director, Charles A. Baird, published a column about the upcoming football season and wrote the following of Herrnstein: "Herrnstein was a former Michigan star who is thoroughly acquainted with the Yost system and by several years of coaching at the Haskell Indian school, Purdue and Ohio State, has developed into a great teacher of football." In 1909, Herrnstein's Ohio State team was 7–3, but lost its fourth straight game to Michigan, this time by a score of 33–6. Herrnstein's four-year record at Ohio State was 28–10–1. He left Ohio State with more wins than any other coach in the school's history, a distinction he held until John Wilce compiled 78 wins from 1913–1928.
Later years.
In later years, Herrnstein operated the Herrrnstein Hardware Co., a retail hardware store located at 72 N. Paint Street in Chillicothe, Ohio. He ran the hardware store for more than 50 years and was the president of the National Retail Hardware Association. He was also a director of the Chillicothe Mutual Building and Loan Co. from 1913 and the president of the company from 1931.
At the time of the 1910 United States Census, Herrnstein was living at 303 Chestnut Street in Chillicothe with his wife Martha (age 25) and his daughter Martha (age 3). His occupation was listed as a merchant at a hardware store.
Herrnstein was the first of three generations of Herrnsteins to play football for the University of Michigan. His nephew, Bill Herrnstein, played for the Wolverines, and his grand nephew, John Herrnstein, was captain of the 1958 Michigan Wolverines football team.
Herrnstein died on the eve of his 76th birthday in 1958 at the Chillicothe Hospital. He had been ill for several months, and his death was caused by a heart ailment.

</doc>
<doc id="21442946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442946" title="Seattle Public Schools Boycott of 1966">
Seattle Public Schools Boycott of 1966

The Seattle Public Schools Boycott of 1966 was a protest against racial segregation in the Seattle Public Schools. On March 31 and April 1, thousands of students left classes at their public schools, the large majority of them attending community Freedom Schools. 
Parents, civil-rights groups, and community organizations had spent years pushing the city to improve the public education system and make Seattle schools equitable for all children. They challenged the structure that concentrated children of color disproportionately in a few under-funded schools and demanded that the district improve the quality of these schools. However, they were unable to persuade the majority-white school board to deal with the issue. 
After years of frustration with city officials, a coalition of organizations led by the Central Area Civil Rights Committee (CACRC), the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) organized a boycott, requesting that all Seattle parents keep their children out of school for two days.
Organizers saw the need for alternative education programs during the boycott to provide childcare for working parents and model multicultural education for the students. They decided to call these sites “Freedom Schools” to connect the local boycott to the national struggle for racial justice. 
Eight Freedom Schools were originally planned, but on the morning of March 31, so many students walked out of school that many new Freedom School sites had to be set up. Some parents stayed when they came to drop their children off because the sites were so crowded. Freedom Schools were held at: First A.M.E. Church, Madrona Presbyterian Church, Goodwill Baptist Church, East Madison YMCA, Cherry Hill Baptist Church, Tabernacle Baptist Church, Mt. Zion Baptist Church, Woodland Park Presbyterian Church and the East Side YMCA. 
The curriculum of the Seattle Freedom Schools included subjects that were not taught in Seattle Public Schools. There was an emphasis on teaching African American history and the history of the civil-rights movement. Freedom Schools also provided “leadership training youth to become a new generation of civil rights leaders,” said Dr. Earl Miller, a Seattle organizer with the NAACP and CORE. 
Hundreds of volunteers served as teachers, doctors on call, outreach workers, transportation directors, childcare assistants, and resource people. The total number of students who walked out is estimated at 4,000. Organizers estimated that 3,000 of them participated in Freedom Schools. The school district absentee rate rose 58.5% over the two days. According to the chairman of the Boycott Committee, about 70% of the students attending Freedom Schools were people of color, predominantly African American, while approximately 30% were white. Though the school district attributed the absences to the upcoming spring vacation, organizers of the boycott considered it a huge success 
Some participants criticized what they saw as token support from white families who participated in the Freedom Schools. Other people were disillusioned by a lack of long-term results as the Seattle Public School district continued to perpetuate racism and inequity. Regardless, the Seattle Freedom School campaign of 1966 is part of a history of racial-justice organizing which gives strength and guidance to the people who continue to work for racial equity.
Similar problems existed within the Baltimore City Public School System following desegregation there.

</doc>
<doc id="21442972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442972" title="Alan Scott (blacksmith)">
Alan Scott (blacksmith)

Alan Scott (2 March 1936 – 26 January 2009) was a blacksmith and baking traditionalist who designed and built brick ovens and coauthored a book promoting their use for cooking breads and pizza. He built ovens in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand, and started the Ovencrafters company.
Life.
Scott was born in Toorak in Victoria, Australia on 2 March 1936. He graduated from Dookie Agricultural College, and afterwards went to work for a fertilizer company. Leaving his job at 25, Scott traveled throughout Australia, Ethiopia, Sudan, and Denmark—all hitchiking. Eventually, he settled in Denmark and opened a jewelry store. 
Scott emigrated to the United States from Australia in the mid-1960s, where he opened a smithy in Northern California. When a friend, Laurel Robertson, commissioned him to forge handles for a brick oven she intended to build, Scott became interested in the oven itself. He redesigned the oven to better retain heat. Scott soon became an expert in the construction and use of brick ovens. In 1999, he published "The Bread Builders: Hearth Loaves and Masonry Ovens" with his apprentice Daniel Wing. "The Bread Builders" contained a treatise on the history and science of bread making, and gave detailed specifications for how to build a brick oven. The book eventually sold over 25,000 copies.
Returning to Australia in 2004, Scott opened a practice in Oatlands. He also become involved in the effort to recommence operations at the Callington Mill. Scott's interest in the project stemmed in part from the desirable properties of slowly stone-ground flour, which include the wheat's germ oil being ground into the flour and the retention of nutrients due to low milling temperatures.
Scott died on 26 January 2009 in Tasmania of congestive heart failure. His company, Ovencrafters, is now run by his children. The company designs and builds custom brick ovens, and has designed and created numerous ovens for clients throughout the United States, as well as in other countries, including Canada and Australia.
Advocacy.
Scott spent much of his time conducting workshops and overseeing the building of community ovens, which he believed brought communities together. He further lectured on and encouraged small-scale industry, environmental stewardship, community connectivity and spiritual consideration. His business, Ovencrafters, pushed for “policy with principles, commerce with morality, wealth with work, and science with humanity.”

</doc>
<doc id="21442973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442973" title="Mundy (surname)">
Mundy (surname)

Mundy is a name first brought to England by the ancestors of the Mundy family when they migrated to the region after the Norman Conquest of 1066. The Mundy family lived in Derbyshire. The name however is a reference to the family's place of residence prior to the Norman conquest of England in Mundeyville, Normandy where they inhabited Fécamp Abbey. First found in Derbyshire, like many families today were granted lands by William the Duke of Normandy for assistance at the Battle of Hastings.
Notable persons with that surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21442974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442974" title="John Morrison and The Miz">
John Morrison and The Miz

John Morrison and The Miz were a professional wrestling tag team and former "WWE Tough Enough" contestants. The team worked for World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand, but also appeared on the SmackDown and Raw brands due to ECW's talent exchanges with those brands during their tenure as a team. The team had no official name, although they had been referred to as "The In Crowd" or "The Dirt Sheet Duo", after the name of their online webshow.
They first began teaming together in 2007. John Morrison and The Miz became partners as a result of winning the WWE Tag Team Championship and making the title exclusive to the ECW brand, for a brief time. They eventually dropped the title in July 2008. During their title reign, Morrison and The Miz developed a gimmick that resulted in the duo being given their own webshow, "The Dirt Sheet", and their own in-ring interview segment of the same name on ECW. In December 2008 they won the Slammy Award in the category for Tag Team of the Year and won the World Tag Team Championship. The team split in April 2009, after the Miz was drafted to the Raw brand and Morrison was drafted to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2009 WWE Draft.
History.
Tag Team Champions (2007–2009).
Before they formed a partnership, John Morrison and The Miz were opponents, competing for the ECW Championship in October 2007. On the November 16, 2007, episode of "SmackDown!", then-rivals Morrison and The Miz were paired together to face Matt Hardy and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) in a match for the WWE Tag Team Championship, which they subsequently won after MVP turned on Hardy. After winning the title, Morrison and The Miz brought the title to the ECW brand. Soon after winning the WWE Tag Team Championship, the two were no longer portrayed as enemies, but rather as trusting friends. They would defend the title on numerous occasions on both "ECW" and "SmackDown" as well as multiple pay-per-views against opponents like Shannon Moore and Jimmy Wang Yang, Jesse and Festus, and Tommy Dreamer and Colin Delaney. The team's gimmick was further expanded upon when they were given a show on WWE.com called "The Dirt Sheet". During the sixth annual WWE Draft on June 23, 2008, on "Monday Night Raw", the duo defeated the Hardys (Matt and Jeff) which earned ECW its only draft pick, which turned out to be Matt Hardy. At the Great American Bash in July, Morrison and The Miz lost the title in a four team tag match to Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder; however, neither The Miz nor Morrison were pinned during the match.
After losing the tag team title, Morrison and The Miz entered a feud with ECW newcomers Evan Bourne and Ricky Ortiz, who they had previously mocked (and continued to do so) on the "Dirt Sheet". They also had an Internet-centered feud with Raw's Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard and JTG) based on which WWE.com online show was better: the "Dirt Sheet" or Cryme Tyme's "Word Up". Morrison and The Miz won a match between the two teams at Cyber Sunday, which was voted for by fans over a World Tag Team Championship match.
Throughout October, the team mocked D-Generation X (DX) (Triple H and Shawn Michaels), using phrases such as "Are you 50?" instead of DX's usual catchphrase "Are you Ready?" to mock their ages due to DX being formed in 1997, when both Morrison and Miz were in high school. On the October 28 episode of "ECW", their feud with DX continued as they mocked them after a live "Dirt Sheet" and then proceeded to attack two impostors playing Michaels and Triple H. On the 800th episode celebration of "Raw", Morrison and The Miz competed in a match against DX, and were defeated. During the match, they mocked DX's signature moves, with Morrison successfully performing a superkick (mocking Michaels' Sweet Chin Music) on Triple H as well as The Miz attempting a Pedigree on Triple H. Following their feud with DX, they continued to feud with Cryme Tyme. Morrison and The Miz were part of John "Bradshaw" Layfield's team at the annual Survivor Series but they lost to the team of Shawn Michaels.
On the December 8 episode of "Raw", Morrison and The Miz won the 2008 Slammy Award for Tag Team of the Year and also for the Best WWE.com exclusive, for their show, "The Dirt Sheet". On December 13, at a house show in Hamilton, Ontario, Morrison and The Miz won the World Tag Team Championship for the first time, defeating Kofi Kingston and CM Punk. In a dark match at WrestleMania XXV, Morrison and the Miz lost the World Tag Team title to The Colóns (Carlito and Primo) in a Lumberjack match to unify the World Tag Team and the WWE Tag Team Championships.
Split and feud (2009–2011).
On the April 13 episode of "Raw", The Miz lost a match to Kofi Kingston after Morrison accidentally got Miz disqualified, which gave Raw a draft pick in the 2009 WWE Draft. The pick was then revealed to be The Miz, and he subsequently attacked Morrison, ending their partnership. Two days later on April 15, Morrison was drafted to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2009 Supplemental Draft.
In October 2009, WWE premiered a new pay-per-view event based around inter-brand matches. At the time, The Miz was the second-tier champion on "Raw" after winning the United States Champion and was subsequently booked against "SmackDown"'s Intercontinental Champion, John Morrison. In the build up to their first match since splitting, the two hosted a one-off edition of "The Dirt Sheet" on the October 16 episode of "SmackDown" where the two compared themselves to '80s tag team The Rockers, debating over which is more comparable to the successful Shawn Michaels and which was the less successful Marty Jannetty. At Bragging Rights, Miz pinned Morrison to become the only member of the Raw roster to win an interpromotional match. The following month at Survivor Series, Miz captained a team of five wrestlers against Team Morrison in a five-on-five Survivor Series elimination match and once again bested his former partner. At the "Tribute to the Troops" in December, Miz rolled up Morrison for the win in a singles match. The two had another match the following March, when John Morrison and his new partner R-Truth challenged for the Unified Tag Team Championships held by The Miz and the Big Show. Morrison was finally able to defeat The Miz in a singles match, however Morrison could not pick up the victory for the titles at WrestleMania XXVI.
In 2011, after The Miz won the WWE Championship, he retained the title against Morrison in a Falls Count Anywhere match on the January 3, 2011, episode of "Raw". At April's Extreme Rules, Cena won the title in a triple threat steel cage match against The Miz and Morrison. Later that year in November, The Miz and Morrison had another Falls Count Anywhere match, in which The Miz caused Morrison a scripted injury; this was used to write Morrison off WWE television as his contract had expired.

</doc>
<doc id="21442982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442982" title="Viglacera Corporation">
Viglacera Corporation

Viglacera Corporation is a construction materials company of Vietnam, manufacturing and selling ceramic floor tiles, stone floor tiles, wall tiles, cotto tiles, bricks, float glass, and plumbing fixtures such as sinks and toilets. The company is headquartered in the Từ Liêm District of Ha Noi and it is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center. 
Subsidiaries.
Viglacera has over 30 subsidiary companies, employing over 18,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="21442989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442989" title="Taiwan thrush">
Taiwan thrush

The Taiwan thrush ("Turdus poliocephalus niveiceps") is a bird in the thrush family. It is the most northerly subspecies of the island thrush ("Turdus poliocephalus") and is endemic to the island of Taiwan.
Taxonomy.
As the most sexually dimorphic of all island thrush subspecies, it is a good candidate for reclassification as a full species.
Description.
The male Taiwan thrush has black upperparts except for a white head and throat. The underparts are mainly dark orange with a blackish upper breast. The female has similar patterning but is duller, with a brown back, grayish brown head with a white streak behind the eye, buff throat and upper breast streaked brown, and with duller orange underparts. Its bill, legs and feet are yellow. Males and females are similar in size, about 22 cm in length.
Distribution and habitat.
The subspecies is a rare resident of central Taiwan’s mountain forests at altitudes of 1800–2500 m.
Behaviour.
Feeding.
The Taiwan thrush forages through trees, low vegetation, and on the ground in leaf litter. Its diet includes a variety of invertebrates as well as seeds, berries and fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="21443015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443015" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bourbon County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bourbon County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bourbon County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 11 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21443035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443035" title="Eastern High School (Baltimore)">
Eastern High School (Baltimore)

Eastern High School is a historic female, public high school located in Baltimore, Maryland, that was a part of the Baltimore City Public School System. It is a three story, "H"-shaped structure, with a main lateral section and four projecting wings. It has a steel and concrete frame with red brick cladding in the Tudor Revival style. One of two female public high schools in Baltimore City established in 1844 (the other was Western) as the first of their kind in the nation. EHS was located in several buildings over the years including an earlier landmark Greek Revival structure on Aisquith Street at Orleans Street designed by Richard Snowden and later relocated to Broadway and East North Avenue The building on 33rd Street in the former Venable Park and across from old Municipal Stadium (erected 1922 for football and enlarged 1950 and renamed Memorial Stadium for major league sports - football and baseball), opened in 1938, and used continuously until 1986 when the students were incorporated into Lake Clifton High School (that form Lake Clifton Eastern High School) in Baltimore. To the east, across Loch Raven Boulevard was the Baltimore City College an all-male public high school founded in 1839 in downtown Baltimore and re-located here in 1928 to its landmark building of collegiate Gothic architecture with a 150-foot tower nicknamed "the Castle on the Hill". One of the most significant high schools in Maryland, it has been co-educated since 1979. From 1938 to the closure of Eastern, the campuses of City-Eastern cooperated together occasionally in academics and served as a counterbalance to the Poly-Western complex of high schools in the north part of the city with Baltimore Polytechnic Institute, also all-male until 1974, and neighboring all-female Western High School at West Cold Spring Lane and Falls Road. The building has been renovated in the 1990s and is currently owned and used for offices by the Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions, a part of the Johns Hopkins Hospital and the Johns Hopkins University.
Eastern High School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21443038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443038" title="SeOne">
SeOne

SeOne was a nightclub in London, United Kingdom. It claimed to be London's largest licensed nightclub with a capacity of 3,000 people. It was located on Weston Street underneath the London Bridge transit centre. The licensing authority requiried the nightclub to scan and retain clubbers' ID details. SeOne used Clubscan for this purpose. On 22 February 2010 it officially closed down due to financial difficulties. 
On 21 May 2010 it reopened as Debut London, a live music and club venue.

</doc>
<doc id="21443041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443041" title="Retour des cendres">
Retour des cendres

The retour des cendres ("return of the ashes") was the return of the mortal remains of Napoleon I of France from the island of St Helena to France and their burial in the Hôtel des Invalides in Paris in 1840, on the initiative of Adolphe Thiers and King Louis-Philippe.
Previous attempts.
In a codicil to his will, written in exile at Longwood House on St Helena on 16 April 1821, Napoleon had expressed a wish to be buried "on the banks of the Seine, in the midst of the French people I loved so much". On the Emperor's death, Comte Bertrand unsuccessfully petitioned the British government to let Napoleon's wish be granted. He then petitioned the ministers of the newly restored Louis XVIII of France, from whom he did not receive an absolute refusal, instead the explanation that the arrival of the remains in France would undoubtedly be the cause or pretext for political unrest that the government would be wise to prevent or avoid, but that his request would be granted as soon as the situation had calmed and it was safe enough to do so.
Course.
Political discussions.
Initiation.
After the July Revolution a petition demanding the remains' reburial in the base of the Colonne Vendôme (on the model of Trajan's ashes, buried in the base of his column in Rome) was refused by the Chambre des Députés on 2 October 1830. However, ten years later, Adolphe Thiers, the new Président du Conseil under Louis-Philippe and a historian of the French Consulate and First French Empire, dreamed of the return of the remains as a grand political "coup de théâtre" which would definitively achieve the rehabilitation of the Revolutionary and Imperial periods on which he was engaged in his "Histoire de la Révolution française" and "Histoire du Consulat et de l'Empire"). He also hoped to flatter the left's dreams of glory and restore the reputation of the July Monarchy (whose diplomatic relations with the rest of Europe were then under threat from its problems in Egypt, arising from its support for Muhammad Ali).
It was, nonetheless, Louis-Philippe's policy to try to regain "all the glories of France", to which he had dedicated the Château de Versailles, turning it into a museum of French history. Yet he was still reluctant and had to be convinced to support the project against his own doubts. On 10 May 1840 François Guizot, then French ambassador in London, against his own will submitted an official request to the British government, which was immediately approved according to the promise made in 1822.
12 May.
On 12 May, during discussion of a bill on sugars, the French Interior Minister Charles de Rémusat mounted the rostrum at the Chambre des Députés and said:
The minister then introduced a bill to authorise "funding of 1 million for translation of the Emperor Napoleon's mortal remains to the Église des Invalides and for construction of his tomb". This announcement caused a sensation. A heated discussion began in the press, raising all sorts of objections as to the theory and to the practicalities. The town of Saint-Denis petitioned on 17 May that he instead be buried at their basilica, the traditional burial place of French kings.
25–26 May.
On 25 and 26 May the bill was discussed in the Chambre. It was proposed by Bertrand Clauzel, an old soldier of the First French Empire who had been recalled by the July Monarchy and promoted to Marshal of France. In the commission's name he approved the choice of Les Invalides as the burial site, not without discussing the other suggested solutions (besides Saint-Denis, the Arc de Triomphe, the Colonne Vendôme, the Panthéon de Paris and even the Madeleine had been suggested to him). He proposed that the funding be raised to 2 million, that the ship bringing the remains back be escorted by a whole naval squadron and that Napoleon would be the last person to be buried in the Invalides. Speeches were made by the republican critic of the Empire Glais-Bizoin, who stated that "Bonapartist ideas are one of the open wounds of our time; they represent that which is most disastrous for the emancipation of peoples, the most contrary to the independence of the human spirit." The proposal was defended by Odilon Barrot (the future president of Napoleon III's council in 1848), whilst the hottest opponent of it was Lamartine, who found the measure dangerous. Lamartine stated before the debate that "Napoleon's ashes are not yet extinguished, and we're breathing in their sparks". Before the sitting, Thiers tried to dissuade Lamartine from intervening but received the reply "No, Napoleon's imitators must be discouraged." Thiers replied "Oh! But who could think to imitate him today?", only to receive Lamartine's reply that then spread right round Paris - "I do beg your pardon, I meant to say Napoleon's parodists." During the debate Lamartine stated:
In conclusion Lamartine invited France to show that "she not wish to create out of this ash war, tyranny, legitimate monarchs, pretenders, or even imitators". Hearing this peroration, which was implicitly directed against him, Thiers looked devastated on his bench. Even so, the Chambre was largely favourable and voted through the measures requested, although by 280 votes to 65 it did refuse to raise the funding from 1 to 2 million. The Napoleonic myth was already fully developed and only needed to be crowned. The July Monarchy's official poet Casimir Delavigne wrote:
4–6 June.
On 4 or 6 June General Bertrand was received by Louis-Philippe, who gave him the Emperor's arms, which were placed in the treasury. Bertrand stated on this occasion:
Louis-Philippe replied, with studied formality:
This ceremony angered Joseph and Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte, the latter writing in "The Times":
After the arms ceremony Bertrand went to the Hôtel de ville and offered to the president of the Conseil Municipal the council chair that Napoleon had left to the capital - this is now in the Musée Carnavalet.
Arrival at St Helena.
At 7pm on 7 July 1840 the frigate "la Belle Poule" left Toulon, escorted by the corvette "la Favorite". The Prince de Joinville, the king's third son and a career naval officer, was in command of the frigate and the expedition as a whole. Also on board the frigate were: Philippe de Rohan-Chabot, an attaché to the French ambassador to the United Kingdom and commissioned by Thiers (wishing to gain reflected glory from any possible part of the expedition) to superintend the exhumation operations; generals Bertrand and Gourgaud; Count Emmanuel de Las Cases (député for Finistère and son of Emmanuel de Las Cases, the author of "Le Mémorial de Sainte-Hélène"); and five people who had been domestic servants to Napoleon on Saint Helena (Saint-Denis - better known by the name Ali Le Mameluck - Noverraz, Pierron, Archambault and Coursot). Captain Guyet was in command of the corvette, which transported Louis Marchand, Napoleon's chief valet de chambre, who had been with him on Saint Helena. Others on the expedition included Abbé Félix Coquereau (fleet almoner); Charner (Joinville's lieutenant and second in command), Hernoux (Joinville's aide-de-camp), Lieutenant Touchard (Joinville's orderly), General Bertrand's young son Arthur, and ship's doctor Rémy Guillard. Once the bill had been passed, the frigate was adapted to receive Napoleon's coffin: a candlelit chapel was built in the steerage, draped in black velvet embroidered with the Napoleonic symbol of silver bees, with a catafalque at the centre guarded by four gilded wooden eagles.
The voyage lasted 93 days and, due to the youth of some of its crews, turned into a tourist trip, with the Prince dropping anchor at Cadiz for four days, Madeira for two days and Tenerife for four days, while 15 days of balls and festivities were held at Bahia. The two ships finally reached Saint Helena on 8 October and in the roadstead found the French brig "l'Oreste", commanded by Doret, who had been one of the ensigns who had come up with a daring plan at île d'Aix to get Napoleon away on a lugger after Waterloo and who would later become a capitaine de corvette. Doret had arrived at Saint Helena to pay his last respects to Napoleon but he also brought worrying news - the Egyptian incident, combined with Thiers' aggressive policy, were very close to causing a diplomatic rupture between France and the United Kingdom. Joinville knew that the ceremony would be respected but began to fear he would be intercepted by British ships on the return trip.
The mission disembarked the following day and went to Plantation House, where the island's governor, Major-General George Middlemore was waiting for them. After a long interview with Joinville (with the rest of the mission waiting impatiently in the lounge), Middlemore appeared before the rest of the mission and announced "Gentlemen, the Emperor's mortal remains will be handed over to you on Thursday 15 October". The mission then set off for Longwood, via the Valley of the Tomb (or Geranium Valley). Napoleon's tomb was in a solitary spot, covered by three slabs placed level with the soil. This very simple monument was surrounded by an iron grille, solidly fixed on a base and shaded by a weeping willow, with another such tree lying dead by its side. All this was surrounded by a wooden fence and very close by was a spring whose fresh and clear water Napoleon had enjoyed. At the gate to the enclosure, Joinville dismounted, bared his head and approached the iron grille, followed by the rest of the mission. In a deep silence they contemplated the severe and bare tomb. After half an hour Joinville remounted and the expedition continued on its way. Lady Torbet, owner of the land where the tomb was sited, had set up a booth to sell refreshments for the few pilgrims to the tomb and was unhappy about the exhumation since it would eliminate her already small profits from it. They then went in pilgrimage to Longwood, which was in a very ruinous state - the furniture had disappeared, many walls were covered with graffiti, Napoleon's bedroom had become a stable where a farmer pastured his beasts and got a little extra income by guiding visitors around it. The sailors from "l’Oreste" grabbed the billiard table, which had been spared by the goats and sheep, and carried off the tapestry and anything else they could carry, all the while being loudly shouted at by the farmer with demands for compensation.
Exhumation.
The party returned to the Valley of the Tomb at midnight on 14 October, though Joinville remained on board ship since all the operations up until the coffin's arrival at the embarkation point would be carried out by British soldiers rather than French sailors, and so he felt he could not be present at work that he could not direct. The French section of the party was led by the Count of Rohan-Chabot and included generals Bertrand and Gourgaud, Emmanuel de Las Cases, the Emperor's old servants, Abbé Coquereau, two choirboys, captains Guyet, Charner and Doret, doctor Guillard (chief surgeon of the "Belle-Poule") and a lead-worker, Monsieur Leroux. The British section was made up of William Wilde, Colonel Hodson and Mr Scale (members of the island's colonial council), Mr Thomas, Mr Brooke, Colonel Trelawney (the island's artillery commander), naval lieutenant Littlehales, Captain Alexander (representing Governor Middlemore, who was indisposed, although he eventually arrived accompanied by his son and an aide) and Mr Darling (interior decorator at Longwood during Napoleon's captivity).
By the light of torches, the British soldiers set to work. They removed the grille, then the stones that formed a border to the tomb. The topsoil had already been removed and the French shared among themselves the flowers that had been growing in it. The soldiers then pulled up the three slabs that were closing the pit over. Long efforts were needed to break through the masonry enclosing the coffin. At 9.30 the last slab was raised and the coffin could be seen. Coquereau took some water from the nearby spring, blessed it and sprinkled it over the coffin, before reciting the psalm "De profundis". The coffin was raised and transported into a large blue and white striped tent that had been put up the previous day. Then they proceeded to open the bier, in complete silence. The first coffin, of mahogany, had to be sawn off at both ends to get out the second coffin, made of lead, which was then placed within the neo-classical, ebony coffin that had been brought for it from France. General Middlemore and Lieutenant Touchard then arrived and presented themselves, before the party proceeded to unsolder the lead coffin. The coffin inside this, again of mahogany, was remarkably well-preserved. Its screws were removed with difficulty. It was then possible to open, with infinite care, the final coffin, made of tin.
When the lid of this coffin was removed, a white form appeared - of uncertain shape, seeming to float as in a dream. The white satin padding from the coffin lid had become detached and was covering the body like a shroud. Doctor Guillard delicately rolled it back, from the feet to the head, to reveal the body. Napoleon's green uniform with red facings, that of a colonel of chasseurs, was perfectly preserved. The chest was still crossed by the red ribbon of the Légion d’honneur, although the decorations and buttons on the uniform were slightly tarnished. The body remained in a comfortable position, the head resting on a cushion and the left forearm and hand on the thigh. The facial expression was serene, the eyes were fully closed (with some eyelashes showing) and only the sides of the nose had changed. A slightly receding gum allowed to shine, as at the moment of death, three very white incisors. The chin was stippled with the beginnings of a blueish beard which had emerged due to the dryness of the skin. The hands were perfectly preserved, with long and very white fingernails still attached. Only the seams of the boots had cracked, showing the four smaller toes on each foot. Napoleon's small hat was placed sideways across his thighs.
All the spectators were in a state of shock. Gourgaud, Las Cases, Philippe de Rohan, Marchand and all the servants wept; Bertrand seemed to be overcome with emotion. After two minutes' examination, Guillard proposed that he continue examining the body and open the jars containing the heart and the stomach. Gourgaud, however, suppressing his tears, became angry and ordered that the coffin be closed at once. The doctor complied and replaced the satin padding, spraying it with a little creosote before putting back on the tin lid (though without re-soldering it) and the mahogany lid. Then the lead coffin was re-soldered and finally the combination lock on the ebony coffin that had been brought from France was closed.
This ebony coffin, made in Paris, was 2.56m long, 1.05m wide and 0.7m deep. Its design imitated classical Roman coffins. The lid bore the sole inscription "Napoléon" in gold letters. Each of the four sides was decorated with the letter N in gilded bronze and there were six strong bronze rings for handles. On the coffin were also inscribed the words "Napoléon Empereur mort à Sainte-Hélène le 05 Mai 1821 (Napoleon, Emperor, died at St Helena on 05 May 1821)". 
The ebony coffin and its contents were then placed in a sixth coffin, made of oak and designed to protect that of ebony. Then this mass, totalling 1,200 kilos, was hoisted by 43 gunners onto a solid hearse, draped in black with four plumes of black feathers at each corner and drawn with great difficulty by four horses caparisoned in black. The coffin was covered with a large (4.3m by 2.8m) black pall made of single piece of velvet sown with golden bees and bearing eagles surmounted by imperial crowns at its corners as well as a large silver cross. The ladies of Saint Helena offered to the French commissioner the tricolour flags that would be used in the ceremony and which they had made with their own hands, and the imperial flag that would be flown by "la Belle Poule".
Transfer to "La Belle Poule".
At 3.30, in driving rain, with the citadel and "la Belle Poule" firing alternate gun salutes, the cortège slowly moved along under the command of Middlemore. Count Bertrand, Baron Gourgaud, Baron Las Cases the younger and Marchand walked holding the corners of the pall. A detachment of militia brought up the rear, followed by a crowd of people, while the forts fired their cannon on every minute. Reaching Jamestown, the procession marched between two ranks of garrison soldiers with arms reversed. The French ships lowered their launches, with that of "la Belle Poule", ornamented with gilded eagles, carrying Joinville.
At 5.30 the funeral procession stopped at the end of the jetty. Middlemore, old and ill, walked painfully over to Joinville. Their brief conversation, more or less in French, marked the point at which the remains were officially handed over to France. With infinite caution, the heavy coffin was placed in the launch. The French ships (up until then showing signs of mourning) hoisted their colours and all the ships present fired their guns. On "la Belle Poule" 60 men were paraded, drums beat a salute and funeral airs were played.
The coffin was hoisted onto the deck and its oak envelope was taken off. Coquereau gave absolution and Napoleon had returned to French territory. At 6.30 the coffin was placed in a candlelit chapel, ornamented with military trophies, on the stern of the ship. At 10 the following day mass was said on deck, then the coffin was lowered into the candlelit chapel in the steerage, while the frigate's band played. Once this had been done, each officer received a commemorative medal. The sailors divided up among themselves the oak coffin and the dead willow that had been taken away from the Valley of the Tomb.
Return from St Helena.
At 8am on Sunday 18 October "la Belle Poule", "la Favorite" and "l’Oreste" set sail. "L’Oreste" rejoined the Levant division, whilst the two other ships sailed towards France at full speed, fearful of being attacked. No notable setback occurred to "la Belle Poule" and "la Favorite" during the first 13 days of this voyage, though on 31 October they met the merchantman "le Hambourg", whose captain gave Joinville news of Europe, confirming the news he had received from Doret. The threat of war was confirmed by the Dutch ship "Egmont", en route for Batavia. Joinville was sufficiently worried to summon the officers of both his ships to a council of war, to plan precautions to keep the remains out of harm's way should they meet British warships. He had "la Belle Poule" prepared for possible battle. So that all the ship's guns could be mounted, the temporary cabins set up to house the commission to Saint Helena were demolished and the dividers between them, as well as their furniture, were thrown into the sea - earning the area the nickname ""Lacédêmone"". The crew were frequently drilled and called to action stations. Most importantly, he ordered "la Favorite" to sail away immediately and make for the nearest French port. Joinville was aware that no British warship would attack the ship carrying the body, but also that they would be unlikely to extend the same generosity to "la Favorite". He doubted, with good reason, that he would be able to save the corvette if she got within range of an enemy ship, without risking his frigate and its precious cargo. Another hypothesis is that "la Favorite" was the slower ship and would only have held "la Belle Poule" back if they had been attacked.
On 27 November "la Belle-Poule" was only 100 leagues from the coasts of France, without having encountered any British patrol. Nonetheless, her commander and crew continued with their precautions - even though these were now unnecessary, because Anglo-French tension had ceased, after France had had to abandon its Egyptian ally and Thiers had been forced to resign.
Arrival in France.
In the meantime, in October 1840, a new ministry nominally presided over by Marshal Nicolas Soult but in reality headed by François Guizot succeeded Thiers's cabinet in an attempt to resolve the crisis Thiers had provoked with the United Kingdom over the Middle East. This new arrangement gave rise to fresh hostile comment in the press as to the "retour des cendres":
Fearful of being overthrown thanks to the "retour" initiative (the future Napoleon III had just attempted a coup d'État) yet unable to abandon it, the government decided to rush it to a conclusion - as Victor Hugo commented, "It was pressed into finishing it." The interior minister, Comte Duchâtel, affirmed that "Whether the preparations are ready or not, the funeral ceremony will take place on 15 December."
Everyone in Paris and its suburbs were conscripted to get the preparations done as quickly as possible, with the coffin's return voyage being faster than expected and internal political problems having caused considerable delays. From the Pont de Neuilly to Les Invalides, papier-mâché structures were set up which would line the funeral procession, though these were slapped together only late on the night before the ceremony.
The funeral carriage itself, resplendently gilded and richly draped, was 10m high, 5.8m wide, 13m long, weighed 13 tonnes and was drawn by four groups of four richly-caparisoned horses. It had four massive gilded wheels, on whose axles rested a thick tabular base. This supported a second base, rounded at the front and forming a semi-circular platform on which were set a group of genii supporting Charlemagne's crown. At the back of this rose a dais, like an ordinary pedestal, on which stood a smaller pedestal in the shape of a quadrangle. Finally: 14 statues, larger than life and gilded all over, held up a vast shield on their heads, above which was placed a model of Napoleon's coffin; this whole ensemble was veiled in a long purple crêpe, sown with gold bees. The back of the car was made up of a trophy of flags, palms and laurels, with the names of Napoleon's main victories.
To avoid any revolutionary outbreak, the government (which had already insisted on the remains being buried with full military honours in Les Invalides) ordered that the ceremony would be strictly military, dismissing the civil cortège and thus infuriating the law and medical students who were to have formed it.
The diplomatic corps gathered at the British embassy in Paris and decided to abstain from participating in the ceremony due to their antipathy to Napoleon as well as to Louis-Philippe.
On 30 November "la Belle-Poule" entered the roadstead of Cherbourg, and six days later the remains were transferred to the steamer "la Normandie". Reaching Le Havre, the coffin was then transferred to "la Dorade 3" at Val-de-la-Haye, near Rouen, to be carried up the Seine, on whose banks people had gathered to pay homage to Napoleon. On 14 December "la Dorade 3" moored at Courbevoie in the northwest of Paris.
Reburial.
The date for the reburial was set for 15 December. Victor Hugo evoked this day in his "Les Rayons et les Ombres":
Despite the temperature never rising above 10 degrees Celsius, the crowd of spectators stretching from the Pont de Neuilly to the Invalides was huge. Some houses' rooftops were covered with people. Respect and curiosity won out over irritation, and the biting cold cooled all restlessness in the crowd. Under pale sunlight after snow, the plaster statues and gilded-card ornaments produced an ambiguous effect upon Hugo: "the niggardly clothing the grandiose". Hugo also wrote:
The cortège arrived at the Invalides around 1:30, and at 2 pm it reached the gate of honour. The king and all France's leading statesmen were waiting in the royal chapel, the Église du Dôme. Joinville was to make a short speech, but nobody had remembered to forewarn him - he contented himself with a sabre salute and the king mumbled a few unintelligible words. "Le Moniteur" described the scene as best it could:
General Atthalin stepped forward, bearing on a cushion the sword that Napoleon had worn at and , which he presented to Louis-Philippe. The king made a strange, recoiling movement, then turned to Bertrand and said: "General, I charge you with placing the Emperor's glorious sword upon his coffin." Overcome with emotion, Bertrand was unable to complete this task, and Gourgaud rushed over and seized the weapon. The king turned to Gourgaud and said: "General Gourgaud, place the Emperor's sword upon the coffin."
In the course of the funeral ceremony, the Paris Opera's finest singers were conducted by Habeneck in a performance of Mozart's "Requiem". The ceremony was more worldly than reverent - the deputies were particularly uncomfortable:
The bearing of the old Marshal Moncey, the governor of the Invalides, somewhat redeemed the impertinence of the court and the politicians. For a fortnight he had been in agony, pressing his doctor to keep him alive at least to complete his role in the ceremony. At the end of the religious ceremony he managed to walk to the catafalque, sprinkled holy water on it and pronounced as the closing words: "And now, let us go home to die".
From 16 to 24 December, the Église des Invalides, illuminated as on the day of the ceremony, remained open to the public. The people had long disbelieved in Napoleon's death and a rumour spread that the tomb was only a cenotaph. It was claimed that on St Helena the commission had found only an empty coffin and that the British had secretly sent the body to London for an autopsy. (This rumour has recently been revived.) Hugo wrote that, though the actual body was there, the people's good sense was not amiss:
A political failure.
The return of the remains had been intended to boost the image of the July Monarchy and to provide a tinge of glory to its organisers, Thiers and Louis-Philippe. Thiers had spotted the rise of the French infatuation with the First Empire that would go on to become the Napoleonic myth. He also thought that returning the remains would seal the new spirit of accord between France and the United Kingdom, even while the Egyptian affair was beginning to agitate Europe. As for Louis-Philippe, in the end he was disappointed in his hope to use the remains' return to give some small additional legitimacy to his monarchy, rickety and indifferent to the French people.
The great majority of the French, excited by the return of the remains of one whom they had come to see as a martyr, felt betrayed that they had been unable to render him the homage that they had wished. Hence the government began to fear rioting and took every possible measure to prevent the people from assembling. Accordingly, the cortège had been mostly river-borne and had spent little time in towns outside Paris. In Paris, only important personages were present at the ceremony. Worse, the lack of respect shown by most of the politicians shocked public opinion and revealed a real rupture, a gulf, between the people and their government.
The "retour" also did not prevent France from losing its diplomatic war with the United Kingdom. France was forced to give up supporting its Egyptian ally. Thiers, losing his way in aggressive policies, was ridiculed and the king was compelled to dismiss him even before "la Belle Poule" arrived. Thiers had managed to push through the return of the remains, but was unable to profit from that success.
Instead of imparting a new glow to the July Monarchy, the reburial of Napoleon was the turning point in its decline.
Monument.
As planned, Napoleon's remains repose today in a magnificent monument beneath the middle of the dome in the Invalides. The monument was designed by architect Louis Visconti in 1842, but was not completed until 1861.
A circular hollow was cut beneath the dome as a kind of open crypt. In it was placed a large sarcophagus - said to be of "red porphyry", but in fact of aventurine quartzite, similar to porphyry, from quarries in Karelia, Northern Russia on the shore of the Onega lake. The sarcophagus rests upon a base of green granite from the Vosges. That green granite block rests, in turn, upon a slab of black marble, 5.5m x 1.2m x 0.65m, quarried at Sainte-Luce and transported to Paris with great difficulty. 
On 2 April 1861, Napoleon's coffin was transferred from the chapel of Saint-Jérôme, where it had lain since 1840. The transfer was accompanied only by an intimate ceremony: present were the Emperor Napoleon III, Empress Eugénie, the Prince Imperial Napoléon Eugène, other related princes, government ministers and senior officials of the crown.

</doc>
<doc id="21443044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443044" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cloud County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cloud County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cloud County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cloud County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 10 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21443082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443082" title="1962 Cape Grand Prix">
1962 Cape Grand Prix

The 2nd Cape Grand Prix was a motor race, run to South African Formula One-style rules, held on 2 January 1962 at Killarney Motor Racing Complex, Cape Town, South Africa. The race was run over 60 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Trevor Taylor, in his Lotus 21.
There were no great differences between the local rules to which this race was run and the international Formula One rules, but for example sports car bodies were permitted, such as the Porsche special driven by Jennings.
The race was dominated by Taylor and Jim Clark, and they swapped the lead several times during the race, after Jo Bonnier had led for the first three laps. After Clark spun, Taylor was able to keep the lead for the last ten laps to take the victory.
Local driver Vic Proctor's homebuilt car with its Alfa Romeo engine was deemed unraceworthy by the race organisers, and was excluded before Proctor set a time in practice.

</doc>
<doc id="21443083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443083" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Lincoln County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 11 properties listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21443088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443088" title="Gaughan">
Gaughan

The surname Gaughan is derived from the Old Gaelic name O'Gaibhtheachain, which dates to before the 10th century. Its meaning is "male descendant of a fierce warrior". However, other translations claim it means "anxious one", demonstrating their expeditious and industrious nature. Historically, Irish families were named after the first chief of their tribe. In this case, it is evident that this clan descends from an illustrious warrior. Other derivatives of O'Gaibhtheachain are: O'Gaughan, Gavan, Gavaghan, Gavahan, Gavigan and Gahan. 
As Old Ireland evolved, the surname O'Gaibtheachain was shortened to O'Gacháin. This name was later anglicized into Gaughan.
Sept crest.
As in most coats of arms, this crest's components reflect the character of its people. In the Gaughan coat of arms, the blue symbolizes their loyalty and thirst for truth, while the white represents their love of peace and serenity. The fish signify charity towards others and a truthful conscience. Furthermore, they are also associated with a desire for Jesus Christ to be one's spiritual nourishment. 
The ornate helmet included in the coat of arms indicates that they were men of high rank or gentlemen.
Sept history.
The history of Ireland in the 1650s is synonymous with Oliver Cromwell's pronouncement of fate for the Catholic population. The Gaughans were a chieftain tribe in Kilkenny until the Cromwellian conquest arrived to clear the way for Protestant colonization. Cromwell's transplantation and forced relocation from 1649 to 1680 impelled the Gaughans to flee Kilkenny. Those who survived the massacres were forced to settle in Connacht (County of Mayo). 
They thrived in the west of Ireland, particularly County Mayo, where they possessed territory in the Crossmolina area. 
They are spoken of in the Annals of the Four Masters as chiefs of Calry in the barony of Tirawley.

</doc>
<doc id="21443091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443091" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Greenwood County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greenwood County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Greenwood County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 14 properties listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21443098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443098" title="Allognathosuchus">
Allognathosuchus

Allognathosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatorine crocodylian with a complicated taxonomic history. It was a medium sized predator up to 1.5 m in length. This small alligatorine is known for its stout jaws and bulbous teeth, found near the rear of the tooth row in upper and lower jaws. These adaptations have historically been interpreted as having been for crushing mollusks. Isolated bulbous teeth are often assigned to this genus, although such teeth are known from other crocodyliform lineages. The type species, "A. polyodon", is from the Eocene-age Bridger Formation of Wyoming; it is based on fossils that are difficult to distinguish from other Paleogene alligatorids. "A. heterodon" is from the Eocene-age Wasatch Formation of Wyoming, "A. wartheni" is from the Eocene-age Wildwood Formation (also known as the "Wildwood alligatorid," and possibly two species), and "A. woutersi", which may belong to "Diplocynodon" instead, is from the Early Eocene of Belgium. "A. polyodon", "A. heterodon", and "A. wartheni" span the Clarkforkian, Wasatchian, and Bridgerian North American Land Mammal Ages.
Several other genera and species have been assigned to "Allognathosuchus" over the years, giving it a potential Upper Cretaceous-Oligocene stratigraphic range, and a geographic range covering North America, Europe, and Africa. Christopher Brochu reviewed the genus in 2004 and, in light of the fragmentary remains of several of the species involved, recommended conservative usage of the genus. He excluded "Albertochampsa langstoni", "Arambourgia gaudryi", and "Wannaganosuchus brachymanus" from "Allognathosuchus", and, finding the species "Allognathosuchus haupti" and "A. mooki" to not group with "A. polyodon" to the exclusion of other alligatorines, recommended using previously established generic names for those species instead: "Hassiacosuchus haupti" and "Navajosuchus mooki".

</doc>
<doc id="21443102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443102" title="Stan Tomlin">
Stan Tomlin

Stanley "Stan" Arthur Tomlin (16 September 1905 – 1969) was an English long-distance runner who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games.
At 1930 Empire Games he won the gold medal in the 3 miles event. He also participated in the 6 miles competition.
Published works.
1956 - "Olympic Odyssey".Published by Modern Athlete Publications
Ltd., Croydon.

</doc>
<doc id="21443128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443128" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sumner County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sumner County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Sumner County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 11 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21443129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443129" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Miami County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Miami County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Miami County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Miami County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 14 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21443154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443154" title="Academy Building">
Academy Building

Academy Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21443156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443156" title="Lucien Boullemier">
Lucien Boullemier

Lucien Emile Boullemier (Q1 1877 – 9 January 1949) was an English footballer and ceramic designer. A right-half, he played competitively for Stoke, Burslem Port Vale, Philadelphia Hibernian (United States), Northampton Town, and Northern Nomads. He was the younger brother of Leon Boullemier, also an accomplished sportsman.
Playing career.
The son of the French-born ceramic artist Antonin Boullemier, who had moved to Stoke in 1872 to work as a decorator at Minton's factory, Lucien Boullemier worked as a ceramic artist and painter. He played for Stoke Alliance, Chesterton White Star and Stone Town, before joining Stoke in August 1896. He played in seven First Division matches for the "Potters" during the 1896–97 season. He then signed for Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1897. He played all 45 games of the 1898–99 season, and helped the Vale to a ninth place finish in the Second Division and to win the Staffordshire Senior Cup. He played 41 games in the 1899–1900 campaign, and scored his first league goal in a 1–0 win over Luton Town at the Athletic Ground. He also scored goals in home wins over Burton Swifts and Newton Heath. He played 32 matches in the 1900–01 season, scoring goals in home wins over Blackpool and Chesterfield. He made 41 appearances in the 1901–02 campaign, playing every one of the club's 34 league games. He claimed the only goal against Leicester Fosse at Filbert Street and also scored past Wrexham in an FA Cup qualifier. After eight games in the 1902–03 season, he announced his retirement from football to concentrate on his artwork. He emigrated to the United States, where he played for Philadelphia Hibernian, and worked for the Lenox China factory in New Jersey.
His art career seemingly not taking off in the way he had envisaged, he returned to England in 1905 and joined Northampton Town; in November he made an unsuccessful comeback at Port Vale, where he played just one league game. He retired for good after playing for Northern Nomads and North Staffs Nomads.
Ceramic Design.
On his return to England, Boullemier worked at Mintons factory and then at the Soho Pottery in Cobridge, before being recruited by C.T. Maling of Newcastle upon Tyne to take charge of their decorating department. Until 1926 he had been engaged in painting quite high class porcelain, and he introduced a range of more glamorous designs into the mass-market Maling range, using gold printing techniques and lustred surfaces.
In 1933 he was joined at the company by his son, Lucien George. Three years later, he left to work for the New Hall Pottery Company in Staffordshire, where he produced a range called "Boumier Ware", each piece of which carried his facsimile signature.

</doc>
<doc id="21443172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443172" title="Seminole Nation of Oklahoma">
Seminole Nation of Oklahoma

The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is a federally recognized Native American tribe based in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the largest of the three federally recognized Seminole governments, which include the Seminole Tribe of Florida and the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida. Its members are descendants of the 3,000 Seminoles who were forcibly removed from Florida to Indian Territory, along with 800 Black Seminoles, after the Second Seminole War. The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is headquartered in Wewoka within its reservation. Of 18,800 enrolled tribal members, 13,533 live within the state of Oklahoma. The tribe began to revive its government in 1936 under the Indian Reorganization Act. While its reservation was originally larger, today the tribal jurisdictional area covers Seminole County, Oklahoma, within which it has a variety of properties.
The few hundred Seminoles remaining in Florida fought against US forces in the Third Seminole war, and peace was made without their defeat. Today, descendants of those people have formed two federally recognized Seminole tribes. Together, the three tribes and unorganized Traditionals in Florida were awarded a land claims settlement valued in total at $16 million in 1976, for nearly 24 million acres of lands seized by the United States government in Florida in 1823.
History.
In Florida.
The history of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma derives from the ethnogenesis of the tribe in Florida. The Seminole were composed of Native American peoples who migrated into Florida after most of the original indigenous tribes had declined or moved.
The Spanish explorer Pedro Menéndez de Avilés founded St. Augustine in 1565, the first permanent settlement in Florida after at least 60 years of sporadic Spanish visitation, he discovered complex indigenous cultures whose people lived by hunting, fishing, farming and raising stock. Tribes from three different basic language groups: the Timuquan, Calusan and Muskhogean, occupied Florida and lived in small and well-organized villages.
Although today the term Seminole is used, this name originated due to a European misnomer, which categorized a diverse group of autonomous tribes together under the name Seminole. The Spanish first recognized the speakers of the "core language” Mvskoke, and called them "cimarrones," or "free people" (Seminole). Translated through several languages to English, this term came to apply to all of Florida’s 18th-century inhabitants, and their neighbors who later fled to join them under pressure of European encroachment into their territories. The Seminole absorbed remnants of other Florida tribes into their own. The Oconee were the original "Seminole," who later included the Hecete, Eufaula, Mikasuki, Horrewahle, Tallahassee, Chiaha, and Apalachicola.
The Muscogee Creek Confederacy had a strong, longstanding presence in the Southeast. Fugitive runaway slaves and those freed under Spanish rule set up neighboring maroon communities and were close allies of the Indians. There was some intermarriage, but mostly the two peoples retained independent cultures, according to studies since the late 20th century. The blacks were armed and became allies in military conflicts. The African Americans became known as Black Seminoles or Seminole Maroons. The term "cimarrones" in Spanish was initially transliterated by the Creek as "semvlonē." "Semvlonē" eventually morphed into "Semvnole" (still pronounced sem-uh-no-lee by native speakers).
The United States conducted the First Seminole War beginning in 1818, to reduce Seminole raids on Georgia communities and to break up armed black communities. In 1821 the US acquire Florida from Spain, and settler pressure grew against the Seminole. In 1823 the US forced most of the Seminole from northern areas of the territory to a reservation in central Florida under the Treaty of Moultrie Creek. Seminoles continued to leave the reservation and a second war was begun, the most expensive for the US, with many troops committed.
After the Second Seminole War of the 1830s, an estimated 3,000 Seminole and 800 Black Seminoles were removed to Indian Territory, with many taken by ship across the Gulf of Mexico and up the Mississippi for part of the journey. They were first put under the Creek on their reservation. The 1830s was the period of removal for the other of the“Five Civilized Tribes” of the American Southeast.
A few hundred Seminole remained in the Florida Everglades. With guerilla warfare, they resisted US forces during the Third and last Seminole War, when the US withdrew. Today their descendants have formed the federally recognized Seminole Tribe of Florida and Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida.
In Indian Territory.
After removal, the Oklahoma and Florida Seminole developed independently and had little contact for nearly 100 years.
Micanopy, who had been principal chief since 1825, led the Seminole struggle to gain an independent reservation, as they were first placed under the Creek in Indian Territory. He died in 1849, after separate lands had been promised by the US for 1855. His sister's sons, John Jumper (1849–1853) and Jim Jumper (1853–1866), succeeded him as principal chiefs before the US began to interfere with tribal government.
While the Seminole maintained political independence from the Creek, the two peoples became closer through the 19th and early 20th centuries, as they shared strong cultural traditions and began to intermarry. The Seminole reservation originally encompassed what is now Seminole County, a roughly 15-mile strip between the Canadian River and North Canadian River, a total of . The United States urged the Indians on reservations to adopt subsistence agriculture, but less than half the land was good for agriculture, and a third was not useful for stock raising or agriculture.
The Black Seminoles again developed towns near the Seminole as they had in the Florida frontier. Except for the struggle to protect their people against slave raiders from outside their communities, they enjoyed good relations with the Seminole.
After the American Civil War, in which many Seminole, including John Frippo Brown last Principal Chief of the Seminole Nation, had allied with the Confederacy, they were forced to make some land cessions under a new treaty with the US government. These included allocating a portion of their reservation for the Seminole Freedmen following emancipation of slaves in Indian Territory in 1866. The treaty granted the Black Seminoles who chose to stay on the reservation full citizenship in the tribe.
As they had in Florida, the Seminole strongly discouraged intermarriage with whites or adoption of European-American ways. In 1900 they were still mostly full bloods. They generally had little intermarriage with the Seminole maroons, who were recognized as having their own distinct culture. As the Seminole had a matrilineal kinship system, they believed children belonged to their mother's people. Mixed-race children belonged to the mother's people, whichever race that was.
Following the Seminole Agreement of 1909, the Seminole lands were allotted to individual households registered on the Dawes Rolls, in a federal plan to encourage subsistence farming and assimilation. Numerous interests wanted to extinguish the communal tribal lands to gain admission of Oklahoma (including Indian Territory) as a state. In 1900 the Seminole Freedmen numbered about 1,000, nearly one-third of the total Seminole tribe in Oklahoma. The Dawes Commission established two separate registration rolls for Seminole Indians and Freedmen. They became United States citizens in a racially segregated state.
The Seminole Freedmen suffered extra legal discrimination and restrictions in the state. Some left for Canada or other states. The segregation of the larger society drove a wedge between the communities. The Freedmen quickly lost land through unscrupulous land sharks, as their land sales were not supervised by the Indian Bureau. The Seminole also lost land, sometimes through the actions of overseers who were supposed to help them.
Current conditions.
Today the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is located in Seminole County, Oklahoma. The entire county of Seminole is a portion of the original Seminole Nation jurisdiction, and covers approximately 633 square miles. The county is a checkerboard of tribal trust property, Indian allotments, restricted Indian lands, and dependent Indian communities. Native Americans make up 22% of the population of Seminole County.
The Seminole County service population is 5,315 Tribal citizens, according to the Seminole Nation Tribal Enrollment Office. The total enrollment of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is approximately 17,000 members. According to 2000 U.S. Census data for Seminole County, the self-identified Native American (one race only) population is 4,328, and the Native American (one race or combination with other race) population is 5,485.
Government.
The Curtis Act suspended US Federal Governmental recognition of the tribe's government, during the time of land allotments in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. With the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, the Seminole became US citizens and received some services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Having enjoyed a unique alliance, the Seminoles (mostly full-blood) and the Seminole Freedmen became part of the segregated state of Oklahoma, which adversely affected their relations.
Under the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934, the Seminoles reorganized their government. At the time some who had been opposed to Freedmen being allocated land also opposed their participation in government. As the Seminole Nation developed their constitution, some members wanted to exclude Seminole Maroons from the tribe, but the Constitution of the 1950s recognizes Freedmen as citizens.
The Seminole Nation ratified a constitution on March 8, 1969, which restructured their government along more traditional lines. The Nation has been composed since the 19th century of 14 "itálwa," matrilineal town bands, including two Freedmen bands, which each represent several towns. This social structure is also the basis of the Seminole political and religious life. Each band has an elected band chief and assistant band chief and meets monthly.
Each band elects two representatives to the General Council. Each band is governed by a set of bylaws that originate from the band. This structure was approved by the Commission of Indian Affairs on April 15, 1969.
The Seminole General Council, chaired by the Principal Chief and Assistant Chief, serves at the elected governing body. The Chief and Assistant Chief are elected at large every four years.
On July 1, 2000, the Seminole Nation held a referendum for a constitutional amendment establishing new membership rules: it said that members had to have one-eighth blood quantum (essentially documented descent from an Indian member on the Dawes Rolls). The General Council prohibited representatives from the two Freedmen Bands from participating. As a result of the change, about 1200 Freedmen were excluded from membership and most benefits afforded to the tribe. The BIA said the referendum was invalid. The Nation sued the government, saying in "Seminole Nation of Oklahoma v. Babbitt" (later "Seminole Nation of Oklahoma v. Norton") that it had the right to determine its own membership.
Tribal headquarters are located in Wewoka, Oklahoma, the seat of Seminole County. The general council meets at the council house on the Mekusukey Mission Tribal Grounds south of Seminole. The Nation has been developing a new tribal constitution that will eliminate the role of the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) in tribal government operations.
Tribal government departments include administrative, executive, fiscal affairs, treasury, domestic violence, Indian Child Welfare, family and social services, enrollment, gaming, housing, education, language, communications, elder services, environmental, law enforcement, dialysis, youth, child care, roads, and Head start. Tribal departments are funded with either tribal revenue or federal/ state funding.
Language.
Historically, the Seminole spoke two mutually unintelligible Mvskoke languages, Mekusukey and Creek. Creek was the dominant language in politics and society, so Mekusukey speakers also learned Creek. As of 2002, about one-quarter of the tribe still spoke Creek, and most of these, English; the remainder spoke only English. Mekusukey is extinct in Oklahoma (the latter is spoken among a majority of Mekusukey and Seminole in Florida).
English is the primary language of most of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma. The tribe is establishing a Seminole Nation Language Program to revitalize its traditional Creek language.
Location and land status.
Today, the tribe manages of land held in trust by the federal government as their reservation. They have approximately of fee-simple land. An additional are allotted to supplement the tribal land base. The Seminole Tribal Jurisdiction Area, where it provides services to its members, includes most of Seminole County in south-central Oklahoma, approximately 45 miles east of Oklahoma City.
The Seminole Nation Tribal Complex is located in the town of Wewoka. The junction of U.S. 270 and Oklahoma Highway 56 is located at the town, approximately 30 miles southeast of the town of Shawnee. Wewoka is the site of several Seminole Nation programs and services.
The Mekusukey Mission (which includes tribal offices, recreational areas, industrial and commercial areas, and a cultural area) is located 2 miles south and 2 miles west of the city of Seminole.
Land claims and trust suits.
By 1961 the Oklahoma and Florida Seminole independently filed claims with the Indian Claims Commission for compensation for lands seized in Florida in 1823 at the time of the Treaty of Moultrie Creek, by which the Seminoles had moved into a reservation in central Florida, giving up their northern lands.
The federal government combined the claims and in 1976 awarded a total of $16 million to the peoples. They struggled for more than a decade to allocate it, leading to negotiations between the Oklahoma and Florida groups and more sustained contact than they had had for a century. The Miccosukee and Traditionals initially opposed settling for claims rather than seek the return of land.
By this time the Seminole Tribe of Florida and the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida had achieved federal recognition and the Traditionals had legal representation. Richmond Tiger was Principal Chief of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma. The settlement was put into trust earning interest.
In 1990, the groups agreed to the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma receiving three-quarters, based on early records from 1906-1914, when members had blood quantum, and the Florida Seminole to receive one-quarter, based on a reconstructed early 20th-century censuses. The Florida tribes and Traditionals had a higher percentage of full-bloods, and blood quantum requirements for membership. By 1990, the total settlement award was valued at $46 million with interest.
The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma declined to share the settlement benefits with Seminole Freedmen members, as the Black Seminoles had not been legally recognized in 1823 as members of the tribe. They contended they also had lost land which they owned and occupied. After failing to gain concessions from the Nation, two Freedmen's Bands filed suit against the Department of Interior in 1996. The BIA noted that, as legal citizens of the Seminole Nation since 1866, the Freedmen were supposed to share in all benefits. Their case was dismissed from federal district court, which said the Freedmen could not bring suit without the Seminole Nation's joining. Their appeal at that level also lost, and in 2004, the US Supreme Court affirmed that they could not sue without participation of the Nation.
In the meantime, in 2000, the Seminole Nation voted to restrict members to those of one-eighth blood quantum, essentially those with documented descent from ancestors listed as Seminole-Indian on the Dawes Rolls. This excluded numerous Freedmen who, although descending from an Indian ancestor, had only a Freedman ancestor listed on the Rolls. The registrars had tended to classify all persons of visible African ancestry as Freedmen, even if the individual had Seminole ancestry and was at the time considered an Indian member of the tribe. About 1200 Freedmen were dropped from tribal membership rolls.
Economic development and programs.
The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma operates three gaming casinos, three tribal smoke shops, three gasoline stations, and a truck stop, which generate revenues for welfare, education, housing and economic development. They operate their own housing authority, an alcohol and substance abuse program, a business and corporate regulatory commission, several family services, a food distribution program, environmental protection program, and social service programs. They issue their own tribal vehicle tags. In addition, the tribe administers their share of the judgment trust from the 1990 land claim settlement, from which members can draw for educational and other benefits. Their annual economic impact was $81 million in 2010.
Tourism and recreation.
The Nation holds its annual celebration, Seminole Nation Days, on the third weekend in September at the Mekusukey Mission Grounds, to celebrate tribal heritage and culture. The event is free and open to the public. The Nation provides free concerts, carnivals, and cultural events with the featured performer on Saturday evening. Other events include an art contest, banquet, princess pageant, cultural events, parade, and sports competitions. Food, art, and craft vendors and demonstrators are also on-site. A free traditional dinner is provided. Estimated attendance is 10,000.
The Mekusukey Mission has RV campsite facilities available year-round for a nominal fee. Also at the Mission are softball fields and a gymnasium, where tribal members hold athletic and cultural events year round.
Traditional dances are held throughout the spring and summer months at ceremonial grounds. Visitors are reminded to treat cultural ceremonies and grounds with utmost respect and decorum. Invited attendees must adhere to the strict cultural guidelines and refrain from taking any photographs, videos and sound recordings.
Located in the town of Wewoka, the Seminole Nation Museum features exhibits on Seminole culture and history. An adjoining gallery and craft shop features contemporary and traditional Seminole crafts, including the women's brilliant patchwork textiles.
Media and communications.
A monthly newspaper the "Cokv Tvlvme," publishes and distributes 10,000 copies directly to tribal citizens and as supplements in local papers. The Nation also produces a weekly radio program every Tuesday at 11 am on KWSH 1260AM. An interactive website, located at www.sno-nsn.gov, is updated regularly.
Religious ceremonies.
For Seminole people who continue to observe traditional religious ceremonial practices, life revolves around a cycle of ritual activities at the “ceremonial or stomp grounds.” In modern times, these are religious centers where ceremonial dances, dinners and ball games take place, mainly during weekends throughout the spring, summer and early fall months.
Originally the individual town bands or "atilwa" ("etvlwv" in Creek) would physically organize in groups around the ceremonial ring. Seminole ceremonialism, based in Creek culture, guided every aspect of tribal life. Ceremonial teachings continue to guide those who participate in these traditions in modern times. The rituals were associated with major seasons and cycles of the year - related to planting and harvest, especially, and renewal of fertility.
Today the “ceremonial cycle” consists of four or five dances throughout the “dance season,” of which Green Corn or "Posketv-rakko" (Big fast) is the most important. Depending on the ceremonial ground, Green Corn can last from four days (Thursday – Sunday) to seven days (Sunday – Sunday). Friday is known as "Hoktak-‘pvnkv Nettv" (Women’s Dance Day), when the Ribbon Dance occurs. Friday is also the day of the "Yvnvsv ‘Pvnkv" (Buffalo Dance) for those ceremonial grounds whose dancers perform this dance. The signature dance, which takes place during the day on Saturday, is the "Cetvhayv ‘Pvnkv", or the Feather Dance, as it is commonly referred to in English.
During Green Corn, as well as the other ceremonies, the participating members commit to dancing, fasting, medicine taking, work and other ritual activities. The purifying herbal medicine is accompanied by “scratching” of the participants’ bodies. Generally administered to the arms and legs, but not limited to these areas, “scratching” is performed to alleviate spiritual and medical ailments by strengthening the individual. Green Corn can be likened to the combined equivalent of the European-American holidays of Thanksgiving, New Year's and Easter.
During Green Corn, strained relationships among the tribe are to be reconciled and members are expected to forgive the wrongs that occurred during the year. The nighttime songs refer to acknowledgement of tribal ancestors, spiritual entities, historical events, thanksgiving and well wishing or prayers for the coming year. Daybreak on Sunday marks the completion of the Green Corn ceremony and the beginning of the new year for the ground members.
After removal, the Seminole established eight ceremonial grounds in Indian Territory. Today one, "Ceyahv" (Gar Creek), has a full ceremonial cycle observed with complete rituals by participants.
Clan Law.
The clans are a traditional part of society based on patterns of kinship. In ancient times the people identified with certain animal and other supernatural spirits to assist them in enduring a hardship. Upon doing so, individuals vowed to keep commitments associated with their particular being to remain in association from that point forward.
Over time, groups of people connected by descent became associated with particular animal spirits. They had duties as a clan related to the place of this spirit figure in their overall tribal religion. Various creation stories relate the hierarchy and symbolism of the various clans, and each clan represents essential qualities and responsibilities. These pertain to specific jobs or position held in the tribal ceremonial ground, as well as in the towns and at home. Each clan had a special talent, as well as a balance of weaknesses for various aspects of the spiritual world. The majority of Seminole people in the 21st century continue to identify with their clans.
Clan law and kinship are highly revered by the Seminole people, and are integral to their spiritual and ceremonial world. Clan law traditionally governs every aspect of tribal life, from the spiritual, to the governmental, to the social, including marriage rules.
The kinship systems is matrilineal; descent and inheritance are passed through the mother's lines. Children are born into their mother's clan and take their social status from that group. For example, if an individual’s mother is of the "Wotkvlke" or Raccoon Clan, and the father is of the "Hvlpvtvlke" or Alligator Clan, that individual would belong to the Raccoon Clan. However, this person would also be related to the Alligator Clan, as a son or daughter. (The Navajo, who have a similar system, say that a child is born "to" the mother's clan and "for" the father's clan.) All other Raccoon Clan people and Alligator Clan people are considered the child's relations. Depending on the generation, they would be referred to as aunts and uncles, if the age of a fellow clansman was relative to that of the mother and father, or brother and sister, if the age of the clansman was relative to that of the child.
In this system, Seminole adults must marry a person outside of the clans of their parents. This rule prevented close relatives from marrying. In keeping with the previous example of children of a marriage between persons of the Raccoon and Alligator clans, if a Raccoon Clan woman married a man of the Raccoon or Alligator clans, it would be as if, in European-American traditions, a woman married her brother, or according to age, a daughter married her father.
Historically, many marriages were arranged according to clan strength, or need for renewing life of a declining clan. For example, if the Bear Clan had responsibility to provide hereditary chiefs of a tribal town ("atilwa"), and there was a shortage of Bear Clan people in the town, its men would be encouraged to take a wife of the Bear Clan in another town. Her children would belong to the Bear Clan in her new town, and the males would be in the hereditary line for chiefs.
Burial and mourning practices.
Seminole people respect times of loss. Customarily, the passing of a loved one is observed by official mourning practices for four days. During this time, the family of the deceased carries out the final steps of the funeral. Modern Seminole people ensure that a loved one is buried within the four days after death. The time of mourning encompasses several customs and family traditions, which are carried out with the help of family and close friends, who provide support to the mourners through ritual activities. Many of the customs include times of fasting, participation in overnight vigils, and cooking, cleaning, and other activities.
The body of the deceased is customarily buried with his or her feet toward the East. Prior to Removal, in Florida, the Seminole buried their dead beneath the floor of the family’s dwelling. In modern times in Oklahoma, the deceased are often buried in family cemeteries, where a small house is erected over the top of the grave. This house is sometimes referred to as a "poyvfekcv-cuko" (spirit house). In the house, the family and mourners place objects of meaning to the deceased, along with food set aside from the traditional meal prepared following the funeral services.

</doc>
<doc id="21443192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443192" title="Julián de Meriche">
Julián de Meriche

Julián de Meriche (born Vladimir Lipkies Chazan; 1909 – 27 July 1974) was a Russian-born Mexican film actor and choreographer.
De Meriche worked as a dancer in European music halls, then moved to Argentina where he worked in cinema in the '30s. He came to Mexico and participated by portraying supporting roles in many films from the 1940s until his death, often playing foreigners. De Meriche also worked as an actor and director in many stage, TV, cabaret performances. He was married to María Elena Velasco "La India María". Their children are producer-director Iván Lipkies, writer-actress Goretti Lipkies, and writer-producer Ivette Lipkies.

</doc>
<doc id="21443212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443212" title="Purdue University College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences">
Purdue University College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences

The Purdue University College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences was one of eight major academic divisions, or "Colleges", of Purdue University. In 2010, its nursing and health sciences programs became part of the new College of Health and Human Sciences and its pharmacy program became the College of Pharmacy.
Departments.
The College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences contained three schools including three minor academic divisions, or "Departments" and two affiliates.
History.
In 1884 a two year School of Pharmacy was founded. The School of Nursing began as a program in 1963 and was incorporated as a department into the Purdue University College of Technology in 1964. In 1979 the School of Health Sciences was formed under the newly organized Schools of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences. In 2005 this group was renamed the College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences. Five years later, the Schools of Nursing and Health Sciences became part of the new College of Health and Human Sciences, and the School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences became the College of Pharmacy.

</doc>
<doc id="21443230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443230" title="Jack Winfield">
Jack Winfield

John "Jack" William Winfield (27 October 1907 – January 1991) was an English long-distance runner who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games.
He was born in Stanley Common.
At 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the 3 miles event. In the 6 miles competition he finished seventh.

</doc>
<doc id="21443237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443237" title="Howard Park P.S. 218">
Howard Park P.S. 218

Howard Park P.S. 218, also known as School 7, is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is an early 20th-century brick school building located in the intact historic west Baltimore neighborhood of Howard Park. The earliest school building was constructed in 1908 and enlarged in 1913, 1936, and in 1957. The older sections are built of brick and accented with limestone details. It continued to function as a school until 1980. 
Howard Park P.S. 218 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21443243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443243" title="Mumbo Jumbo (roller coaster)">
Mumbo Jumbo (roller coaster)

Mumbo Jumbo is a roller coaster which opened to the public on 4 July 2009 at Flamingo Land Resort, UK. Mumbo Jumbo is situated in the Lost Kingdom section of the park and has orange supports and black tracks.
The roller coaster is an El Loco model built by manufacturer S&S Worldwide; it is tall, features two inversions and a maximum G force of 4g.
Records.
The roller coaster's maximum vertical angle is 112 degrees, making it the world's steepest roller coaster from 4 July 2009 until 16 July 2011. The official park press release stated that the Mumbo Jumbo opening will be attended by representatives of Guinness World Records. Andrea Banfi of Guinness World Records said: ""We will be in attendance at the opening of Flamingo Land's new roller coaster and look forward to this new Guinness World Records record in the 'Steepest roller coaster made from steel' category"".
This record was previously held by another S&S El Loco, Steel Hawg in Indiana Beach. On 16 July 2011, a Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter roller coaster opened in Fuji-Q Highland named Takabisha featuring a 121 degree drop. It is currently the world's steepest.
Name Origin.
The park owners said the name "Mumbo Jumbo" is a tongue-in-cheek description of how other parks boast about their new roller coasters.
Incidents.
On 3 May 2010, one of the carts got stuck on an inverted section of the ride due to a poncho blowing into the wheels. Two female passengers were trapped upside down for 10 minutes before being safely removed from the ride by parks operations team.

</doc>
<doc id="21443254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443254" title="Napoleon I on his Imperial Throne">
Napoleon I on his Imperial Throne

Napoleon I on his Imperial Throne is an 1806 portrait of Napoleon I of France in his coronation costume, painted by the French painter Ingres.
Description.
It shows Napoleon as emperor, in the costume he wore for his coronation, seated on a circular-backed throne with armrests adorned with ivory balls. In his right hand he holds the sceptre of Charlemagne and in his left the hand of justice. On his head is a golden laurel wreath, similar to one wore by Caesar. He also wears an ermine hood under the great collar of the Légion d'honneur, a gold-embroidered satin tunic and an ermine-lined purple velvet cloak decorated with gold bees. The coronation sword is in its scabbard and held up by a silk scarf. The subject wears white shoes embroidered in gold and resting on a cushion. The carpet under the throne displays an imperial eagle. The signature INGRES P xit is in the bottom left, and ANNO 1806 in the bottom right.
History.
It was exhibited as work number 272 at the 1806 Paris Salon as "His Majesty the Emperor on his throne", when it was recorded as being owned by the Corps législatif. At the same salon Robert Lefèvre exhibited his "Portrait of Napoleon in his coronation costume". In 1815 Ingres's painting was transferred to the Louvre Museum, where it was first inventoried as MR 2069 and is now known as INV. 5420. In 1832 the comte de Forbin had it put on display in the Hotel des Invalides, at first in the chapel then from 1860 in the library. It is now on show in the Musée de l'Armée.
At the top right of the painting (and much more visibly on the preparatory drawing), cut off halfway across its width, can be seen a shield with the arms of the Papal States, Este, Lombardy, Venice and Savoy, all surmounted with the crown of Italy. From this Sébastien Allard hypothesizes that the painting was commissioned by an Italian institution to show Napoleon as king of Italy not as emperor, but, due to its innovative iconography, the original commissioners refused it and that was why it was acquired by the Corps législatif.
Models and influence.
Zeus.
This portrait's frontality refers to the colossal Statue of Zeus at Olympia by Phidias, whose pose served as the model not only for many representations of sovereigns but also for Christian iconography. Ingres himself also used this pose for his "Jupiter and Thetis". The musée de Montauban has a chalice with an image after a Byzantine panel showing the seated emperor, which may have been Ingres' direct model.
Jan van Eyck.
For Robert Rosenblum, Ingres's model was the figure of God the Father on the Ghent Altarpiece by Jan van Eyck, which was in the Louvre at the time Ingres painted this portrait. The contemporary critic Pierre-Jean-Baptiste Chaussard compared Ingres's style in this portrait to that of Van Eyck (then known as Jean de Bruges):
However, Ingres himself stated:
Raphael.
In the left border of the carpet, among medallions of the zodiac, is a medallion with a version of the "Madonna della seggiola" by Raphael, the artist Ingres most admired. Ingres pays tribute to Raphael by including this painting in the background of many of his works, such as "Henri IV playing with his children" and "Raphael and La Fornarina" and on the table in front of the subject in his "Portrait of monsieur Rivière".
Reception.
At the Salon, it produced a disturbing impression on the public, due not only to Ingres's stylistic idiosyncrasies but also to his depiction of the Carolingian imagery worn by Napoleon at his coronation. David (who finished his own "The Coronation of Napoleon" the following year) delivered a severe judgement, and the critics were uniformly hostile, finding fault with the strange discordances of colour, the want of sculptural relief, the chilly precision of contour, and the self-consciously archaic quality. As shown above, Chaussard ("Le Pausanias Français", 1806) condemned Ingres's style as gothic (the troubadour style was beginning at this time). As art historian Marjorie Cohn has written: "At the time, art history as a scholarly enquiry was brand new. Artists and critics outdid each other in their attempts to identify, interpret, and exploit what they were just beginning to perceive as historical stylistic developments." The Louvre, newly filled with booty seized by Napoleon in his campaigns in Belgium, the Netherlands, and Italy, provided French artists of the early nineteenth century with an unprecedented opportunity to study, compare, and copy masterworks from antiquity and from the entire history of European painting. From the beginning of his career, Ingres freely borrowed from earlier art, adopting the historical style appropriate to his subject, leading critics to charge him with plundering the past.

</doc>
<doc id="21443258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443258" title="Metalmark Capital">
Metalmark Capital

Metalmark Capital, formerly Morgan Stanley Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries. Metalmark was acquired by Citigroup Alternative Investments in December 2007.
The firm, which is based in New York City, traces its roots back to 1985. Metalmark was founded as an independent firm in 2004. The firm has raised approximately $8.5 billion since inception across four funds at Morgan Stanley and one fund raised since the firm's spinout.
History.
From 1985 to 2004, Morgan Stanley Capital Partners invested over $7 billion through four funds. Morgan Stanley Leveraged Equity Fund I was raised in 1985 followed two years later by Morgan Stanley Leveraged Equity Fund II, which was raised in 1987 with $2.2 billion of investor commitments. In 1991, the group raised $1.87 billion of investor commitments for Morgan Stanley Capital Partners III. The most recent fund, Morgan Stanley Capital Partners IV was raised in 1999 with total commitments of $3.3 billion.
In 2004, the Morgan Stanley Capital Partners team began preparations to separate itself from Morgan Stanley. The spinout of MSCP came at the same time as the spinouts of private equity groups from other leading investment banks including: JPMorgan Chase (CCMP Capital), Citigroup (Court Square Capital Partners), Deutsche Bank (MidOcean Partners) and Credit Suisse First Boston (Avista Capital Partners, Diamond Castle Holdings).
In December 2007, Metalmark was acquired by Citigroup Alternative Investments as one of a series of investments in merchant banking and hedge funds by the bank's CEO Vikram Pandit. Citigroup's middle market private equity group, CVC Equity Partners had completed a spinout from Citigroup in 2006 to form Court Square Capital Partners. Citigroup disposed of its remaining interest in Court Square following the purchase of Metalmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21443260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443260" title="Graham Allan">
Graham Allan

Graham Robert Allan (1936–2007) was an English mathematician, specializing in Banach algebras. He was a reader in functional analysis and vice-master of Churchill College at Cambridge University.
Life.
Allan was born on August 13, 1936 in Southgate, Middlesex, England. After serving in the Royal Air Force from 1955 to 1957, he entered Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, and continued at Cambridge for his graduate studies, earning a Ph.D. in 1964 under the supervision of Frank Smithies. He spent most of the remainder of his career at Cambridge as well, with interludes as a lecturer in pure mathematics at Newcastle University from 1967 to 1969 and as a professor of mathematics at Leeds University from 1970 to 1978. At Cambridge, he was promoted from lecturer to reader in 1980 and was vice-master of Churchill from 1990 to 1993; he supervised the theses of over 20 Cambridge Ph.D. students. Allan retired in 2003, but continued teaching after his retirement. He died on August 9, 2007 in Cambridge.
In 1969 he won the Junior Berwick Prize of the London Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21443274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443274" title="2011 World Men's Handball Championship">
2011 World Men's Handball Championship

The 2011 World Men's Handball Championship, the 22nd event hosted by the International Handball Federation, was held in Sweden from 13–30 January, 2011. All matches were played in Malmö, Lund, Kristianstad, Gothenburg, Skövde, Jönköping, Linköping and Norrköping.
In the preliminary round, 24 teams from all the world's continents were split into 4 groups, with the first placed 3 teams advancing through the main round in two groups, carrying the previously won points against the remaining teams. France won the tournament after defeating Denmark in the final, while Spain won the bronze medal after defeating Sweden in the third place match. Thus, France has qualified for the tournament at the London Olympics. The teams that finished in 2nd–7th place will play Olympic Qualifying Tournaments.
Host broadcaster was the Swedish commercial network TV4 Sport and the television rights were sold to other countries. The tournament returned to Sweden after 18 years, currently the longest absence in history.
One of the objectives of the championship was to create a multicultural party that extends far outside the handball arenas.
List of qualified teams.
Bahrain and Chile qualified for their first ever handball World Championship. Austria qualified for the first time since 1993, which, coincidentally, was also hosted by Sweden. 
The following 24 teams qualified for the final tournament:
Draw.
The draw was held on 9 July 2010 at the Scandinavium at Gothenburg, Sweden.
Squads.
Each nation had to submit a squad of 16 players.
Match officials.
On 25 October 2010, the match officials for the tournament were confirmed.
Preliminary round.
Twenty-four participating teams were placed in the following four groups. After playing a round-robin, the top three teams in each group advanced to the Main Round. The last three teams in each group played placement matches.
Tie-breaking criteria.
For the three game group stage of this tournament, where two or more teams in a group tied on an equal number of points, the finishing positions will be determined by the following tie-breaking criteria in the following order
Group A (Kristianstad/Lund).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group B (Norrköping/Linköping).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group C (Malmö/Lund).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group D (Gothenburg).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Main round.
The top three teams of every preliminary group advanced to the Main round. Every team kept the points from preliminary round matches against teams who also advanced. In the main round every team had 3 games against the opponents they did not face in the preliminary round. The top two of every group advanced to the Semifinals, the other teams played placement matches.
Group I (Jönköping).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group II (Malmö/Lund).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Final round (Kristianstad/Malmö).
Final.
The final was played at a sold-out Malmö Arena in Malmö between France and Denmark, and was followed by 12,462 spectators. In addition, the match was aired on both major Danish public television channels DR1 and TV 2 with 2,670,000 viewers, making it the most watched sport event in Denmark ever.
First half.
The French team started the match with a 2–0 lead, and maintained a lead until the 17th minute, where Denmark started a 3–0 run and equalised at 9–9 with a penalty shot by Anders Eggert. On the next attack, Mikkel Hansen received the Danes' first two-minute suspension, allowing France to open another three goal lead. The half time score was 15–12 in favor of France.
Second half.
The second half started with France maintaining a lead of at least two goals in the first 15 minutes. But a couple of saves in a row by the well-tempered Niklas Landin Jakobsen, meant that Mikkel Hansen could equalise to 24–24 with 11 minutes to play. Still, France took the lead once again, but with five minutes remaining and the French lead at 29–27, Jérôme Fernandez was penalized with a 2-minute suspension. Denmark took advantage, scoring two goals and making it 29–29 with 3:30 remaining. In the last minute, the French found themselves one goal ahead, 31–30. The Danish coach Ulrik Wilbek used a team timeout with 25 seconds to go to prepare the team for the last attack. Three seconds were left, when the Dane Bo Spellerberg scored from left back a positional shot in the bottom of the goal for 31–31, deferring the match to overtime.
Overtime.
In the 64th minute, the Danes recorded their first lead in the match when scoring 33–32, but within the next minute the French scored two goals overturning the result. The first half of the overtime ended with a French lead of 34–33.
The second half of overtime began with veteran Lars Christiansen scoring a penalty and evening the score at 34–34. The French took the lead from there, though, and secured the win at 36–34 when Thierry Omeyer saved a Mikkel Hansen 9m shot with just over one minute to go. Michael Guigou scored the last goal of the game with one second to go to the final score 37–35. The match ended 37–35 in favor of France. Nikola Karabatić and Mikkel Hansen, both scored 10 goals in the final, with Karabatić chosen the MVP of the championship, and Hansen the best goalscorer.
Ranking and statistics.
All Star Team.
Chosen by team officials and IHF experts: IHF.info

</doc>
<doc id="21443286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443286" title="Steven Ho (martial artist)">
Steven Ho (martial artist)

Steven Ho (born 9 March 1973) is a Chinese American martial artist, entrepreneur, stunt coordinator, stuntman, and member of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
Known as one of the first martial arts tricksters in open martial art competitions and early pioneers of non-traditional forms (NASKA), Ho helped to popularize the 540 kick and the Hawkeye Kick in the mid-eighties. Many consider Ho's influence, particularly his 540 kick, to be the beginning of the tricking movement.
Ho is also well regarded for his stunt work as Donatello in "" (1991) and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III" (1993), and his role as "Chan" in "Mortal Kombat" (1995).
Ho is a well known martial arts instructor and film fight trainer in Hollywood who has trained many notable stuntmen and actors, including Brad Pitt, Leonardo DiCaprio, James Franco, Pierce Brosnan, Tobey Maguire, Pink, Method Man, Rachel Weisz, Gisele Bündchen, Josh Charles, Peter Krause, Bar Refaeli, Ellen Barkin, Brad Womack, Britney Spears.
For the much anticipated Britney Spears music video, Hold It Against Me, Ho trained Spears and fight choreographed the Britney vs. Britney fight for director, Jonas Åkerlund.
Ho was featured as himself on the ABC television reality series, "The Bachelor", where Ho directed a series of action scenes for Brad Womack and the contestants. The episode aired on 17 January 2011. He also featured himself on "Bachelor Pad" in season 3, as he taught and choreographed a fight scene for contestants Chris and Sarah. The episode aired on 13 August 2012.
Ho co-founded Plush Home, Inc., an all-encompassing interior design firm and furniture line, in 2003 with his wife, Nina Petronzio, an American Interior Designer and Furniture Designer known for her high-end Transitional Style designs.
Early life and martial arts.
Born Bernadetto Widiman Wibowo in Bandung, Indonesia to Chinese parents (son of research scientist, Kie Liang Ho), Ho's family escaped to America in 1971 and immigrated to South Gate, California as political refugees with the aid of Church World Service (CWS).
After eight years of intensive martial arts training with Richard King Sensei of the Karate Institute of America and winning local karate competitions in Los Angeles (particularly at Ed Parker's Long Beach International Karate Championships and various meets at the Culver City Civic Auditorium), Ho exploded on the National Karate Circuit (North American Sport Karate Association) and was responsible for the American Forms Division of which he was National Champion. Known for his jump kicking techniques and innovative style, Ho quickly established himself as one of the top experts in the United States.
Films.
In 1989, Ho was recruited into the film business by action-icon Jet Li to work as his stunt double and "heavy" on a series of Hong Kong films. Jet Li, who was recuperating from injury, was at a National Karate tournament in Irvine, California when he hand-picked Ho to be his stunt double in the finale fight scene of "Long zai tian ya", aka "Dragon Fight" (1989), co-starring Stephen Chow. Ho also worked as a stunt fighter in the film Long xing tian xia, aka The Master (1989), which was Ho's second film as a stunt-actor with Li. The Master was directed by famed Hong Kong New Wave director, Tsui Hark.
Roger Corman gave Ho his Screen Actors Guild card for his supporting roll in the sequel to "Rock 'n' Roll High School", titled "Rock & Roll High School Forever", starring Corey Feldman. Ho was the bass player in the new music band, "The Eradicators" fronted by Feldman (the original cult film featured The Ramones). In the film he delivered the famous line, ""Hey, that's no my pee"". Corman recorded an original soundtrack for "The Eradicators", but the film was not a success and the band never made it further than the film.
Ho then made plans to relocate to Hong Kong to pursue a career as a stuntman. But in 1990, Ho caught the eye of stunt coordinator, Pat Johnson, when he won his division at "The Battle of Atlanta National Karate Championships." Johnson convinced Ho to remain in Los Angeles when he cast him as the staff-wielding action turtle, Donatello, in the hit films "" (1991) and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III" (1993).
Ho went on to work in many acclaimed film projects as an actor, action choreographer, fight trainer, stuntman, director, writer, and producer including his role as "Chan" in Mortal Kombat (1995). Through the mid-nineties, Ho guest-starred in many television series, highlighting his martial arts skills. Among them were "Walker, Texas Ranger", "Nash Bridges", "Diagnosis Murder", "High Tide". Ho also suffered many stunt-related injuries during this time, including a crushed foot that took five surgeries and two years of rehabilitation to overcome.
In 1999, Ho completed his directorial & writing debut on the indie film and festival favorite, "Soundman (on imdb)". The film featured Wayne Pere, Eliane Chappuis, Nick Stahl and William Forsythe. For his directorial debut with "Soundman", former members of Guns N' Roses (Slash, Matt Sorum, Duff McKagan) reunited for the first time in six years to collaborate to score a portion of the film's soundtrack, as well as play at the film's opening party at Harry O's in Park City, Utah for the Slamdance Film Festival. The event was covered by MTV and "Rolling Stone", and is believed to be the beginning of what eventually evolved into the Grammy Award-winning hard rock supergroup, Velvet Revolver.
In 2008, Ho Man was part of the acclaimed stunt team for "" that was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild award for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture. Ho stunt coordinated and choreographed the Linkin Park music video (directed by Joseph Hahn), Shadow of the Day, which won a MTV Video Music Award for Best Rock Video that same year.
With his extensive background in martial arts and weapons, Ho has been a sought-after instructor and choreographer in Hollywood to stuntmen and actors aiming to get film-ready. Most Notably, Ho trained Brad Pitt in swordplay for six months prior to his production of "Troy", and prepped Tobey Maguire for 3 months prior to his transformational role as Peter Parker in "Spider-Man" (2002). His students list includes Brad Pitt, Leonardo DiCaprio, James Franco, Pierce Brosnan, Tobey Maguire, Pink, Method Man, Rachel Weisz, Gisele Bündchen, Josh Charles, Steve Nguyen, Peter Krause, Bar Refaeli, Ellen Barkin.
Conan O'Brien.
Ho was a regular and popular guest of "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien". On the well-received segments, Ho would typically inflict apparent pain to Conan O'Brien while he aggressively taught the host the basics of stunt fighting.
On the 8th episode that originally aired on 10 June 2009, Ho opened the show by sucker-punching Conan to "give him a sense of what a real hit feels like". The duo continued with a choreographed fight scene in which Conan portrayed the "thug fighter" and Ho the "hero fighter". A theatrical property ("prop") fire extinguisher and shovel were incorporated into the fight choreography and the segment ended with Ho ratcheting Conan through a breakaway glass window. Comedian Dane Cook was also a guest that night.
Five weeks after his appearance, Ho was back for the 30th episode on 17 July 2009, making him the first returning guest of the show. This time Ho taught Conan the basics of sword fighting and using breakaway props. When he did not evade Ho's strike fast enough, Conan was hit by Ho with a bamboo sword in the ribs. Ho then proceeded to break a handful of breakaway bottles over Conan's head, sending him comically running to hide behind Andy Richter. The segment ended with Ho dragging Conan backwards in a sitting position across the stage and through a picket fence, chicken coop, breakaway mirror, and large scaled bowling pins. Seth Green was the second guest that night.
Ho made a third appearance on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" for the 65th episode on 14 September 2009, the first night the show shared the evening with Jay Leno's 10:00pm prime time show. Ho's segment ran for 13 minutes, 27 seconds. Charlize Theron was also a guest that night and Dave Mathews Band was the musical performance. In terms of audience, "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" jumped 22% to 4.3 million viewers that night, compared to the shows typical Monday average that summer of 3.5 million viewers. There were also nice gains in adults 18–49 and adults 25–54. This episode also re-ran on 22 October 2009.
Ho's third appearance on the show won an online poll for "Favorite Guest Moment" on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Briens main website.
All of Ho's appearances were included in the montage of the finale show of "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" on 22 January 2010.
After the announcement of the cancellation of "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien", Ho was instrumental in supporting and rallying fans for the "I'M WITH COCO" movement spearheaded by artist Mike Mitchell through Facebook. At the 18 January 2010 rally held in Los Angeles in front of NBC studios, Ho portrayed "Asian Conan" in a popular sketch for the website Funny or Die in which "Asian Conan" fights "Asian Jay Leno" in a street fight.
Funny or Die and Ho then produced the comedy-action short, "Asian Conan, Episode 1", released as an exclusive on their website in April 2010.
Ho returned as a guest on O'Brien's TBS show, "Conan", on 25 January 2011. In the segment, Ho placed a watermelon on O'Brien's stomach, and then sliced it in half with a katana sword. Patton Oswalt was the second guest that night, with Wanda Jackson as the musical guest.
Ho's 8 June 2011 appearance on "Conan" made him the first main guest invited back for a second appearance on the TBS show. Ho taught O'Brien how to develop his Qi power through martial art breathing technique. He proceeded to teach Conan a proper martial art Horse stance and Sanchin, before kicking him with multiple Roundhouse kicks and hitting him with various wood dowels and a 2×4. The episode ended with Conan breaking three wood pieces held by Ho's assistants.
On 9 June 2011, O'Brien and George Lopez attempted a feat never before accomplished by two back-to-back late-night hosts. Both funnymen scheduled one another as guests on the other's program. In his interview on "Lopez Tonight", O'Brien discussed his recent stunt segment with Ho and showed highlight clips. In particular, he talked about a 2x4 that did not break on his thigh when Ho hit him with it.
For Ho's 12 October 2011 appearance on Conan, the martial artist gave Conan a lesson in basic self-defense. He taught the late night host the fine art of palm strikes, elbows, knees, groin kicks, and head butts. Ho also taught Conan how to escape from a full mount position by "bucking" up while grabbing a handful of Conan's "love handle" at the same time.
1 March 2012 marked Ho's fourth appearance on Conan, and Ho's seventh time on television with the host (including The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien). This segment focused on Ho teaching Conan how to utilize everyday home items as weapons for self-defense. Ho's lesson focused on hairspray, a plastic comb, coffee in a cup, a Sharpie pen, and a baby stroller. 
Ho appeared on Conan for a fifth time on 13 September 2012 to teach the host self-defense against a gun, and how to defend himself against an attack inside a men's bathroom, while sitting on a toilet. 
For a holiday sketch on 8 December 2012, Ho played himself at a Conan Christmas party where he and Andy Richter throw a drunk and belligerent Conan out a stage window. 
"Occupy Conan" special ran on 31 January 2013. In addition to Conan and Andy Richter, the original show's guests, Anne Hathaway and Steven Ho were all recreated by fan submissions. 
Ho and his stunt team accompanied Nina Dobrev on her 12 March 2013 guest appearance on Conan, by helping her showcase her fighting abilities to the host. 
Ho returned as Conan's first guest on 25 July 2013 in a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle themed episode, where Ho taught the host the tricks of the trade on how to become an action hero. 
Stand-up comedy.
Ho performed his first stand-up comedy sketch at Comedy Zen to a sold out 220 seat audience at the The Downtown Independent in Downtown Los Angeles on 3 December 2010. He opened for veterans Jay Phillips and Joe Wong (comedian) in a successful 30-minute set that included material on his experiences as a Hollywood stuntman and having Italian in-laws. A highlight of the show was when Ho brought out the original head from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze, and incorporated that into his set.
Plush Home.
Ho dropped out of Business School at Pepperdine University just a few classes shy of earning his Bachelor's Degree so that he could pursue his stunt career with Li. Shortly after meeting his wife, Nina Petronzio (an American interior designer and furniture designer), the couple established a boutique interior design firm in 2001.
In 2001–2003, Ho was hired as a creative consultant by Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) to aid in their in-house presentations of new products developed.
In 2003, Ho and his wife, Nina Petronzio, secured a storefront on Melrose Avenue in West Hollywood, California and opened Plush Home, Inc, an influential, high-end interior, Transitional Style design firm and furniture line.

</doc>
<doc id="21443288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443288" title="Public School No. 111">
Public School No. 111

Public School No. 111, also known as Francis Ellen Harper School, is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Romanesque brick structure that features an ornately detailed brick front façade. It was built in 1889 as Colored School #9 and is one of the few surviving schools built for black children and staffed by black teachers. The school is named after Francis Ellen Harper (1825-1911), a Baltimore-born African American poet. 
Public School No. 111 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21443318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443318" title="Robert Lefèvre">
Robert Lefèvre

Robert Jacques François Faust Lefèvre (24 September 1755, Bayeux - 3 October 1830, Paris) was a French painter of portraits, history paintings and religious paintings. He was heavily influenced by Jacques-Louis David and his style s reminiscent of the antique.
Life.
Robert Lefèvre made his first drawings on the papers of a procureur to whom his father had apprenticed him. With his parents' consent, he abandoned this apprenticeship and walked from Caen to Paris to become a student of Jean-Baptiste Regnault (in whose studio he met and became friends with Charles Paul Landon). At the 1791 Paris Salon he exhibited his "Dame en velours noir", the point of departure for his reputation. In 1805, Lefèvre painted the portrait of Empress Joséphine, and in 1807 a matching portrait of Napoléon was painted by Louis-André-Gabriel Bouchet. Napoléon gave both paintings to the city of Aachen in 1807, where they are today in the city hall and decorate the entrance hall.
His other portraits of Napoleon, Joséphine, Madame Laetitia, Guérin, Carle Vernet (a portrait which is now at the Louvre) and pope Pius VII made him a fashionable portrait artist and one of the main portraitists of the imperial personalities, a reputation sealed by his portrait of Napoleon's new wife Marie Louise.
On the Bourbon Restoration Robert Lefèvre painted a portrait of Louis XVIII for the Chambre des Pairs and received the cross of the Légion d'honneur and the title of First Painter to the King, losing the latter on the July Revolution. He painted a large number of portraits and history paintings. The main example of his portraits are those of Malherbe (Bibliothèque publique de Caen), Charles X, the duchesse d’Angoulême, the duchesse de Berry, Charles-Pierre-François Augereau duc de Castiglione (Musée de Versailles), and of Dominique Vivant Denon. Two of his mythological paintings - "Love sharpening his arrows" and "Love disarmed by Venus" (t. 1,84 sur 1,30 ), were engraved by Desnoyers - the latter is reproduced in "le Nu Ancien et Moderne". His most notable history paintings are his "Phocion getting ready to drink hemlock", "Roger delivering Angélique", "Héloïse and Abelard" and a "Crucifixion" for the Mont Valérien. His last painting was "The Apotheosis of Saint Louis" for the Cathedral of La Rochelle.
While he was working on this last painting, the Revolution of July 1830 took place, an event which was to deprive him of his support and official posts. Ill, depressed and desperate, he committed suicide by cutting his own throat at his house on the night of 2/3 October 1830; he was 55 years old. He was buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery, in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21443319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443319" title="European Fencing Confederation">
European Fencing Confederation

The European Fencing Confederation (EFC; , CEE) is an international body created in 1991, charged with the promotion and development of fencing in Europe. It organises the European Fencing Championships annually at senior and junior levels.
The Confederation comprises all national European fencing federations, plus that of Israel, and is under the authority of FIE. It was founded on 26 October 1991 in Vienna, Austria, and is based in Luxembourg at the headquarters of the Luxembourg Fencing Federation
Its goals are:
Organs.
The organs of the EFC comprise:
Commissions.
The COMEX elects the members of nine commissions that deal with specialised areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21443322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443322" title="Justin Hughes (law professor)">
Justin Hughes (law professor)

Justin Hughes is the William H. Hannon Professor of Law at Loyola Law School, Los Angeles, where he teaches courses in intellectual property law, international trade, and internet law. He taught at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law from 2002 through 2013.
After he obtained his Juris Doctor degree from Harvard University in 1986, Hughes spent time as a Luce Scholar, clerking for the Lord President of the Supreme Court of Malaysia as well as doing policy work at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) [1997-2001. In 2009, the Obama administration tapped him to become a part-time adviser. In that position, he began heading US delegations to meetings of the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO). At a December 2009 meeting of the WIPO he announced a significant shift in US policy in international copyright law that resulted in Brazil, Mexico, the US and European Union leading efforts to establish exceptions in international copyright law for the blind. Along with delegates from India and Mexico, he also successfully resuscitated efforts to finish the long dormant WIPO Audiovisual Performers Treaty. Hughes led the US delegations that completed both that treaty, now frequently called the Beijing Treaty on Audiovisual Performances (2012) and the Marrakesh Treaty for the Blind (2013). He is widely credited with having been instrumental in the negotiation of both multilateral treaties. 
As a scholar, Hughes is known for his emphasis on philosophical and historical issues in intellectual property, focusing on copyright, geographical indications, and trademarks.

</doc>
<doc id="21443329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443329" title="Albert de Gresle">
Albert de Gresle

Albert de Gresle was the first baron of Manchester. Initially the Gresle family, who were Normans, were not residents in Manchester. Stewards represented the lords of the manor and it continued to grow in their absence. 
The first lord of the manor to actually live in Manchester was Robert Gresle (1174–1230), his presence led to an influx of skilled workers. In the early 13th century, Manchester was not under the control of the Gresle family for a period of time. Robert Gresle was one of the barons who made King John sign the Magna Carta. Gresle was excommunicated for his role in the rebellion and when King John later ignored the terms of the Magna Carta, Gresle forfeited his lands. King John died in 1216 and the land was returned to Robert Gresle on behalf of King Henry III. Medieval Manchester was centered around the manor house and the church of St Mary mentioned in the Domesday Book. The castle in Manchester overlooked the rivers Irk and Irwell where the Chethams School of Music stands today. The Gresle family directly leased land to tenants and created burgage tenements for indirect rent.
The following is an abstract of the charter quoted in the note to the concord No. 29, page 162.
1160–1182.
Notes.
Mamchestre pg 36 chap IV
Albert favorite of Roger De poictiu living 1086 -1100 held land in a wide circle of lands of which Horwich Moor was the center, later termed the Upper Bailiwick of the Lordship. He is generally regarded as the first baron of manchester. Robert was succeeded by his son Albert who lived 1135 - 1166 he called himself senex or old Albert his son having the same name. In 1166 this Albert gave Thomas de Perponte three carves of land at Ruhwinton and Lestoc for the third of one knights fee. 
Mamchestre

</doc>
<doc id="21443340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443340" title="HK2">
HK2

Hexokinase 2 also known as HK2 is an enzyme which in humans is encoded by the "HK2" gene.
Function.
Hexokinases phosphorylate glucose to produce glucose 6-phosphate, thus committing glucose to the glycolytic pathway. This gene encodes hexokinase 2, the predominant form found in skeletal muscle. It localizes to the outer membrane of mitochondria. Expression of this gene is insulin-responsive, and studies in rat suggest that it is involved in the increased rate of glycolysis seen in rapidly growing cancer cells.

</doc>
<doc id="21443342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443342" title="Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution">
Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution

The Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution is one of 14 state prisons in Oregon, United States. The prison is located in Pendleton, Oregon. The facility was originally built as a hospital for long-term mental patients, but was converted into a prison in 1983. In addition to providing confinement housing, food service, and medical care, the correctional facility offers education, vocational training, and work opportunities within the prison. Inmates at the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution produce "Prison Blues" garments, an internationally marketed clothing line.
History.
Most of the facilities that now house the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution were built in 1912 and 1913. They were originally built for use as a state mental hospital. As such, the buildings housed the Eastern Oregon Hospital and Training Center until the Oregon legislature authorized their conversion into a men’s medium-security prison in 1983. When the first inmates arrived at the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution on 24 June 1985, the prison became Oregon’s first state correctional facility located outside Marion County.
Today, the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution is one of 14 state prisons run by the Oregon Department of Corrections. As of 2009, the prison was the fourth largest employer in Pendleton.
Facilities and correctional programs.
The Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution is a 1600-bed facility located in Pendleton, Oregon. It has 19 separate general population housing units with 596 dormitory beds and 897 confined cell beds. There is also a 99-bed single-occupancy disciplinary segregation unit and an 8-bed infirmary.
Medical care is provided to all inmates as required. The medical services include sick call, ambulatory care, dental services, health education, and emergency care. There are also programs for control of communicable diseases, sex offender treatment, and treatment for alcoholism and drug abuse. The state prison’s Health Services Unit also conducts quality assurance and peer review of all medical services provided to inmates.
The prison provides behavioral health services including HIV education and counseling, mental health case management services, mental health day treatment, and crisis intervention counseling. Anger-management classes are available to inmates as well. The opportunity to participate in religious services is also provided. The faith-based programs help inmates make peace with their past and search for personal meaning in their life. These programs are all voluntary and available to all inmates.
Education and vocational training.
Blue Mountain Community College provides educational services at the prison. Between 1986 and 2009, approximately 1,000 inmates received either a General Educational Development certificate or a high school diploma through the institution’s basic educational program. In 1999, the prison expanded education opportunities through a program called the "New Directions Education Project". The program offers inmates college level courses taught by instructors from Blue Mountain Community College. The cost of tuition, textbooks, and supplies are covered by donations from local churches, civic groups, foundations, and members of the public.
The prison’s creative arts program was begun in 2001. It includes wood working and cast iron work. The program provides meaningful work while inmates learn valuable job skills in a realistic work environment. This improves an inmate’s chance of getting a job and becoming a productive citizen upon release from prison. The creative arts program is self-financing, and has helped other state agencies develop similar wood working programs.
Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution’s commercial laundry cleans clothing and other items for the Snake River Correctional Institution as well as its own prison population. In addition, it provides laundry cleaning services to the Pendleton’s convention center, the city’s fire department, the local high school, and neighboring businesses. Other inmate work opportunities include the prison food service, clerical job, and facility maintenance.
"Prison Blues".
Commercial "Prison Blues" brand garments are produced at the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution. The garment manufacturing operation is one of the largest prison industries in the state. The "Prison Blues" enterprise manufactures denim blue jeans, yard coats, and work shirts for Oregon prison inmates and commercial sales to the public.
The "Prison Blues" production facility was established in 1989 by "Inside Oregon Enterprises", a division of the Oregon Department of Corrections. The start-up cost for the production facility was financed by a Federal grant, but the operation is now self-financing. By 1998, the "Prison Blues" brand was being sold in 30 states and overseas. In 2001, "Prison Blues" began marketing its denim jeans and other garments on-line. Today, the "Prison Blues" brand is a successful commercial product line sold across the United States and internationally.
Inmates who work in the "Prison Blues" factory are all volunteers. In fact, there is always a long waiting list of inmates who would like to join the "Prison Blues" workforce. To be eligible, an inmate must have a record of good conduct and successfully interview with the factory personnel office, an experience that helps inmates prepare for job interviews outside prison. Once hired, an inmate must continue to demonstrate good behavior and produce garments that meet the "Prison Blues" standard of quality. Inmates working in the "Prison Blues" factory are paid prevailing private sector wages. They are also eligible for quality and productivity bonuses. Part of their salary is returned to the state to help cover the cost of incarceration, pay victim restitution, and provide family support. Inmates also pay both state and Federal taxes on their earnings. The inmate can save the remaining amount or use it to provide additional family support, take college courses, or purchase items at the prison store.
Visiting.
At the Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution, visiting is permitted five days a week, Wednesday through Sunday; there are two visiting periods each day. In the morning the visiting hours are from 0830 until 1115, while afternoon visiting hours are from 1300 until 1600. The prison is closed to visitors on Mondays and Tuesdays.
In popular culture.
In the 1975 film "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" the institution is metronymously referenced several times as Pendleton, and it is implied that the character of R.P McMurphy has been incarcerated there prior to his commitment to the hospital in which the film takes place.

</doc>
<doc id="21443347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443347" title="Anta Livitsanou">
Anta Livitsanou

Anta Livitsanou (born July 23, 1979 in Athens) is a Greek actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Lola in "Lola", the Greek edition of the television series "Lalola".
Anta Livitsanou is an actress who has starred in theatrical performances, TV serials and presented fashion shows. She also sings in two indie rock bands, one of them named "VOLT".
On January 30, 2009, Livitsanou appeared as a guest on the season finale of The X Factor (Greece) where she sang "Think".
On January 19, 2010, Alpha TV announced that Livitsanou would be the host of Greek Idol.

</doc>
<doc id="21443350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443350" title="HK3">
HK3

Hexokinase 3 also known as HK3 is an enzyme which in humans is encoded by the "HK2" gene.
Function.
Hexokinases phosphorylate glucose to produce glucose 6-phosphate, thus committing glucose to the glycolytic pathway. This gene encodes hexokinase 3. Similar to hexokinases 1 and 2, this allosteric enzyme is inhibited by its product glucose 6-phosphate.

</doc>
<doc id="21443361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443361" title="Cadillac Series 355">
Cadillac Series 355

The Cadillac Series 355 was manufactured by the Cadillac Division of General Motors from 1931-1935. They were 8-cylinder cars, sold in several models: a 2-door club coupe, a 2-door convertible, 4-door convertible, a 4-door sedan a 4-door town car and a 4-door limousine.
The 1931 Series 355A was very similar to the Series 353 except it was longer and lower, had a longer hood with five hood ports, with matching doors in the cowl. There was a modified coach sill with no compartments in the splash pan. The battery and tool compartment were now under the front seat. Floor boards were made of metal for the first time. The instrument panel was oval with the same gauge groupings as in the Series 353. The Series 355 featured a radiator screen, a single bar bumper and dual horns. The headlight diameter was reduced by one inch. There was a new frame with divergent side rails. The suspension springs now had metal covers. The radiator was mounted lower in the frame and there was now a condenser tank for cooling operation. The engine was the same L-Head V8 as on the Series 353, thus the series designation no longer matched the displacement. Engine horsepower was 95. A five point engine suspension, similar to the V-16 was used. An intake muffler was added and the distributor was mounted higher. The fan was mounted lower to match the lower radiator. Model year sales totaled 10,717.
The 1932 Series 355B was even longer and lower, with an entirely restyled front assembly. The roof line was lowered . The longer hood now had six hood ports. The new front end styling included a flat grille built into the radiator shell, head and side lights of streamlined bullet shape and the elimination of the fender tie bar and monogram bar. The trumpets of the dual horns projected through the headlight stanchions. The headlight lenses were in diameter. The dual taillights matched the headlights. Super safe lighting featured three filament bulbs and four contour positions for degree and angle of illumination. The front license plate was mounted on the bumper. Runningboards curved to match the sweep of the front fenders and blended into the rear fenders. The tail of the rear fenders blended into the fuel tank valence. The trunk on the town sedan, town coupe and five-passenger convertible coupe was integral with the body. The vision of the driver was improved by 30 percent as a result of the elimination of the outside visor and the construction of a 12 degree sloping windshield and corner posts. There was a large ventilator on top of the cowl and none on the sides. All separate body moldings were eliminated. A three spoke steering wheel enabled an unobstructed view of the instrument cluster when in the straight ahead position. The right side of the instrument panel was occupied by a "locker." Engine horsepower increased to 115. The deepening Great Depression helped sales plummet to 2,700.
The bumpers on the 1933 Series 355C were sectioned, with plain ends and a three bar center. The grille was made V-shaped and blended into the painted (chrome optional) radiator shell. The radiator cap disappeared under the hood on the right side (same side as the oil level gauge). The fender tie bar, after a year's absence was sectioned and the center section was hidden behind the grille. Six horizontal doors replaced the vertical hood doors. Skirts were added to the front and rear fenders. The most significant change in body detail was the introduction of no-draft Individually Controlled Ventilation (ICV) or pivoting vent windows in the front doors and the rear quarter or rear door windows. In early production the front door window had to be lowered to disengage the channel at its front edge from the vent window to allow the vent window to pivot. In later production the sealing channel was attached to the door frame rather than to the window glass so that the vent window could be operated independently of the window glass. Windshield and rear quarter windows were made stationary. Absence of a windshield operating mechanism on the closed car allowed room to conceal the wiper motor behind the headboard. The cowl ventilator was baffled and drained in such a way as to be rainproof. Chassis changes were few and minor in nature. Controlled free wheeling was discontinued. Vacuum assist was added to the brake system. Changes in shock absorber valves extended the range of the ride control system. During the model year the dual point four lobe distributor was replaced by a single point eight lobe unit. A radio was optional. Model year sales were 2,100.
The 1934 Model 355D was completely restyled and mounted on an entirely new chassis but used the same engine as in 1933. The Model 355 was divided into three series, the Series 10, 20 and 30. Bodies on the Series 10 and 20 were built by Fisher and on the Series 30 by Fleetwood. The bodies on the Series 30 were shared with the Cadillac V-12 and V-16. Styling emphasized streamlining, including concealment of all chassis features except the wheels. Body construction was improved for better insulation against engine heat and reduction of engine, road and wind noise. Bumpers were a stylish but ineffective biplane design, mounted against telescoping springs. The grille was V-shaped and sloping, set into a painted shell. Although restricted use of chrome was a feature of the overall ornamentation, a chrome plated radiator shell was available as an option. Horns and radiator filler cap were concealed under the hood. Teardrop Guide Multibeam headlights were mounted on streamlined supports attached to the fenders. Parking lamps were mounted on the headlight supports. Airfoil shaped fenders were brought low over the chassis. The hood sills were high with the entire fender shape molded into the radiator shell. A curious horizontal crease broke the nose contour of the fenders. Hoods extending nearly to the windshield carried shutter-type louvers in the side panel. Windshields were fixed and steeply sloping; 18 degrees on Fisher bodies, 25 degrees flat or a 29.5 degree V on Fleetwood bodies. Cowl vents opened toward the windshield; one vent on flat windshield bodies, two vents projecting through openings in the hood on V-shaped windshield bodies. Bodies were lower than on previous models. Added passenger space in the front compartment was achieved by moving the hand brake lever to the left of the driver, under the instrument panel. Rear fenders were airfoil shaped and carried rear lights that matched the headlights. The gas tank filler was on the left side at the rear of the body, on Fleetwood bodies in the left rear fender. All bodies featured beaver tail deck that completely covered the chassis. On Fleetwood bodies the spare was concealed under the rear deck, unless optional fender mounts were specified. Independent front suspension was introduced, called "knee-action". Engine horsepower increased to 120. 
The 1935 Model 355E remained virtually unchanged from 1934. The biplane bumpers of 1934 were replaced with more conventional units. One major change was introduced on Fisher bodies, the all steel Turret Top. Fleetwood bodies would not have the Turret Top until 1936. Having been associated with funeral and ambulance equipment for many years, Cadillac embarked on an extra effort to consolidate this business in 1935. Three Fleetwood bodied seven passenger livery sedans were offered on the Series 30 chassis. Additionally a wheelbase commercial chassis was offered for hearse and ambulance adaptation. Engine horsepower increased yet again to 130. Combined model year sales for 1934 and 1935 totaled 8,318.

</doc>
<doc id="21443364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443364" title="Meshimori onna">
Meshimori onna

Many inns had prostitutes in order to attract a larger number of travellers. In 1718, the Tokugawa shogunate issued a law aiming at "restricting" the headcount of "meshimori onna" to two per inn, giving them grounds to provide prostitution as silent permission.

</doc>
<doc id="21443365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443365" title="Make Compatible">
Make Compatible

Make Compatible is a program developed by Microsoft that is included with Windows 9x operating systems. It changes per-program system settings in Windows to allow Windows 3.1 programs that are tailored specifically to that platform to execute under newer versions. The name of the program image file for Make Compatible is mkcompat.exe, and it is stored in the \Windows\System directory.
Options.
When it is invoked, one can choose the name of the Windows 3.1 application program image file using the "Choose Program" option on the "File" menu. After the program image file is chosen, Make Compatible by default displays a list of five options that can be set to alter the behaviour of Windows for that program when it is executed:
An advanced options mode, selectable via the "Advanced Options" selection on the "File" menu presents a longer list of options, allowing finer control of Windows 3.1 emulation if the particular application requires it.
Compatibility bits.
Each of the options is recorded in a system database of so-called "compatibility bits". This is a database of 1-bit flags, one for each of the options displayed by Make Compatible.
This database already existed in earlier versions of Windows. In Windows 3.1, the database is stored in the section of win.ini, with entries such as:
Each line names an application program, and gives a hexadecimal numeric constant to associate with that program. The hexadecimal numeric constant encodes the compatibility bitflags for that particular application, that Windows applies when the application is executed. Make Compatible merely provides a graphical user interface for editing these flags in an easy way, rather than editing win.ini manually, with a text editor. It allows one to set and unset individual flags without having to know their numeric values.
The compatibility bitflags settable in win.ini are not documented in the WININI.WRI file that ships with Windows 3.1, or in the "Microsoft Windows 3.1 Resource Kit" published by Microsoft. They are listed as a simple set of defined constants (with names beginning "GACF_" for "GetAppCompatFlags"), without explanation, in the windows.h header file that is shipped with the Microsoft Windows 3.1 Device driver Development Kit. In Windows 3.1, the compatibility flags that are in effect for any given task in the kernel's Task Database are readable via the undocumented codice_1 function that is exported from the KERNEL module.
Advanced mode flags.
The flags are documented in Microsoft KnowledgeBase article #82860. They correspond to the "advanced mode" flags that are settable by Make Compatible's "Advanced Options" menu:
Additional flags.
Windows 3.1 defined 20 application compatibility flags. Windows 95 and 98 defined a further 11 flags, not documented in the KnowledgeBase article and not assigned symbolic constant names in windows.h, which are the remainder of the options accessible via the "Advanced Options" menu in Make Compatible:

</doc>
<doc id="21443388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443388" title="Daemisan">
Daemisan

Daemisan (hangul:대미산; hanja:大美山) is the name of two mountains in South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="21443396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443396" title="Dietisalvi di Speme">
Dietisalvi di Speme

Dietisalvi di Speme was an Italian painter, who worked in Siena between 1250 and 1291.
His work influenced Cimabue.Some of his work is preserved in the State Archives in Siena.
His Madonna and Child with Angels is in the Pinacoteca di Siena. He collaborated with Guido da Siena.

</doc>
<doc id="21443446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443446" title="Alex Hillhouse">
Alex Hillhouse

Alexander "Alex" John Hillhouse (31 March 1907 – 1983) was an Australian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Melbourne.
In 1932 he finished tenth the 5000 metres event.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 3 miles competition as well as in the 2 miles steeplechase contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21443471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443471" title="Tom Davies (footballer)">
Tom Davies (footballer)

Thomas "Tom" Davies was an English footballer who played 65 league and cup games at left-back for Burslem Port Vale between 1899 and 1903.
Playing career.
Davies played for Nantwich, before joining Burslem Port Vale in August 1899. He played three Second Division games in the 1899–1900 season, before making 29 league appearances in the 1900–01 campaign. He played 25 league games in 1901–02, but left the Athletic Ground after he featured just once in the 1902–03 season. He had played 65 league and cup games for the Burslem club.

</doc>
<doc id="21443496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443496" title="Naddo Ceccarelli">
Naddo Ceccarelli

Naddo Ceccarelli was a 14th-century Italian painter of the Sienese School.
Paintings by this late Italian Gothic painter can be seen at the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland and the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest, Hungary. There is also a painting by this Late Medieval Italian painter in the Princeton University Art Museum (predella with Christ, Virgin, and Saints).

</doc>
<doc id="21443503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443503" title="Sir Hutchins Williams, 1st Baronet">
Sir Hutchins Williams, 1st Baronet

Sir Hutchins Williams, 1st Baronet (c. 1700 – 4 November 1758) born in London, England, to William Peere Williams and Anne Hutchins. He was created a Baronet of Clapton, Northampton, on 4 April 1747
Family.
On 18 March 1726 Hutchins married Judith Booth, daughter of James Booth. Judith and Hutchins had issue:

</doc>
<doc id="21443520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443520" title="Amany Rashad">
Amany Rashad

Amany Rashad (born 1 July 1983) is a football player for the Egyptian national women's team. As of 2011 she plays for Wadi Degla FC.

</doc>
<doc id="21443537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443537" title="Fort McDowell">
Fort McDowell


</doc>
<doc id="21443546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443546" title="Luke McLean">
Luke McLean

Luke McLean (born 29 June 1987) is an Italian Australian rugby union footballer who plays at fullback and fly-half for Treviso in Italy. He has also represented the Italy national rugby union team on 50 occasions.
Background.
McLean was born in Townsville, Queensland. His mother's parents are both Italian; however, his grandfather had to give up his Italian citizenship to buy land in Australia.
McLean attended St. Laurence's College, in South Brisbane, during his schooling years. He was College captain in 2004.
Career.
Club career.
McLean played for Perth Spirit in the Australian Rugby Championship before joining Italian team Calvisano in 2007, turning down a training contract with Western Force.
International career.
McLean was eligible for both Australia, being his country of birth, and Italy, due to his Italian grandmother. He represented the Australia under-19 side, helping the side to win the World under-19 championships.
He made his international debut for Italy against 2007 Rugby World Cup winners South Africa on 21 June 2008 in Cape Town. Italy were defeated 26–0.
McLean scored his first international points on his Six Nations debut in the 36–11 defeat to England at Twickenham on 7 February 2009. He scored two penalties in the first-half. He then played against Ireland on 15 February, scoring all of Italy's nine points, converting three penalties in the 38–9 defeat at Stadio Flaminio, Rome. McLean scored a further three points kicking a penalty in the 26–6 defeat to Scotland at Murrayfield on 28 February. He featured in Italy's 20–15 loss to Wales on 15 March 2008 at Stadio Flaminio, failing to score any of Italy's points. McLean played in Italy's last Six Nations 2009 match against France on 21 March, losing 50–8.
McLean played a part in Italy's two match series on tour against Australia and New Zealand in 2009, scoring the majority of Italy's points.
McLean scored a try against England in the 2013 Six Nations Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="21443558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443558" title="Marstons Mills Elementary School">
Marstons Mills Elementary School

Marstons Mills Elementary School was a public elementary school located in Marstons Mills, Massachusetts. It housed grades K-2 for most of Marstons Mills and Cotuit students. The school was operated by the Barnstable Public School District. During its lifetime, it was paired with the nearby Cotuit Elementary School to form Cotuit/Marstons Mills Elementary School.
History.
In 2008, with the district facing a five million dollar deficit, it was voted to close three elementary schools. One of these was the Cotuit/Marstons Mills Elementary School. The final day of school occurred on June 19, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21443559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443559" title="History of Albany, New York">
History of Albany, New York

The history of Albany, New York, begins with the first interaction with native Indian tribes that originally inhabited the area. The area was originally inhabited by Algonquian Indian tribes, namely the Mohican and the Iroquois.
Albany was first claimed by Henry Hudson for the Dutch in 1609 and saw its first European settlement in 1614; Albany was officially chartered as a city in 1686. It became the capital of New York in 1797. It is one of the oldest surviving settlements from the original thirteen colonies, and the longest continuously chartered city in the United States. Modern Albany was founded as the Dutch trading posts of Fort Nassau in 1614 and Fort Orange in 1624; the fur trade brought in a population that settled around Fort Orange and founded a village called Beverwijck. The English took over and renamed the town Albany in 1664, in honor of the then Duke of Albany, the future James II of England and James VII of Scotland. The city was officially chartered in 1686 with the issuance of the "Dongan Charter", the oldest effective city charter in the nation and possibly the longest-running instrument of municipal government in the Western Hemisphere.
During the late 18th century and throughout most of the 19th century, Albany was a center of transportation. It is located on the north end of the navigable Hudson River, was the original eastern terminus of the Erie Canal, and was home to some of the earliest railroad systems in the world. Albany's main exports at the time were beer, lumber, published works, and ironworks. Beginning in 1810, Albany was one of the ten most populous cities in the nation, a distinction that it held until the 1860 census. In the 20th century, the city opened one of the first commercial airports in the world, the precursor of today's Albany International Airport. The 1920s saw the rise of a powerful political machine controlled by the Democratic Party. The city's skyline changed in the 1960s with the construction of the Empire State Plaza and the uptown campus of SUNY Albany, mainly under the direction of Governor Nelson Rockefeller. While Albany experienced a decline in its population due to urban sprawl, many of its historic neighborhoods were saved from destruction through the policies of Mayor Erastus Corning 2nd, the longest-serving mayor of any city in the United States. More recently, the city has experienced growth in the high-tech industry, with great strides in the nanotechnology sector.
Albany has been a center of higher education for over a century, with much of the remainder of its economy dependent on state government and health care services. The city has experienced a rebound from the urban decline of the 1970s and 1980s, with noticeable development happening in the city's downtown and midtown neighborhoods. Albany is known for its extensive history, culture, architecture, and institutions of higher education. The city is home to the mother churches of two Christian dioceses as well as the oldest Christian congregation in Upstate New York. Albany has won the All-America City Award in both 1991 and 2009.
Colonial times to 1800.
Albany is one of the oldest surviving European settlements from the original thirteen colonies and the longest continuously chartered city in the United States. The area was originally inhabited by Algonquian Indian tribes and was given different names by the various peoples. The Mohican called it "Pempotowwuthut-Muhhcanneuw", meaning "the fireplace of the Mohican nation", while the Iroquois called it "Sche-negh-ta-da", or "through the pine woods". Albany's first European structure was a primitive fort on Castle Island built by French traders in 1540. It was destroyed by flooding soon after construction.
Permanent European claims began when Englishman Henry Hudson, exploring for the Dutch East India Company on the "Half Moon" (), reached the area in 1609, claiming it for the United Netherlands. In 1614, Hendrick Christiaensen rebuilt the French fort as Fort Nassau, the first Dutch fur trading post in present-day Albany. Commencement of the fur trade provoked hostility from the French colony in Canada and amongst the natives, all of whom vied to control the trade. In 1618, a flood ruined the fort on Castle Island, but it was rebuilt in 1624 as Fort Orange. Both forts were named in honor of the royal Dutch House of Orange-Nassau. Fort Orange and the surrounding area were incorporated as the village of Beverwijck () in 1652.
When New Netherland was captured by the English in 1664, the name Beverwijck was changed to Albany, in honor of the Duke of Albany (later James II of England and James VII of Scotland). Duke of Albany was a Scottish title given since 1398, generally to a younger son of the King of Scots. The name is ultimately derived from "Alba", the Gaelic name for Scotland. The Dutch briefly regained Albany in August 1673 and renamed the city Willemstadt; the English took permanent possession with the Treaty of Westminster (1674). On November 1, 1683, the Province of New York was split into counties, with Albany County being the largest. At that time the county included all of present New York State north of Dutchess and Ulster Counties in addition to present-day Bennington County, Vermont, theoretically stretching west to the Pacific Ocean; the city of Albany became the county seat. Albany was formally chartered as a municipality by provincial Governor Thomas Dongan on July 22, 1686. The "Dongan Charter" was virtually identical in content to the charter awarded to the city of New York three months earlier. "Dongan" created Albany as a strip of land wide and long. Over the years Albany would lose much of the land to the west and annex land to the north and south. At this point, Albany had a population of about 500 people.
In 1754, representatives of seven British North American colonies met in the "Stadt Huys", Albany's city hall, for the Albany Congress; Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania presented the Albany Plan of Union there, which was the first formal proposal to unite the colonies. Although it was never adopted by Parliament, it was an important precursor to the United States Constitution. The same year, the French and Indian War, the fourth in a series of wars dating back to 1689, began; it ended in 1763 with French defeat, resolving a situation that had been a constant threat to Albany and held back its growth. In 1775, with the colonies in the midst of the Revolutionary War, the "Stadt Huys" became home to the Albany Committee of Correspondence (the political arm of the local revolutionary movement), which took over operation of Albany's government and eventually expanded its power to control all of Albany County. Tories and prisoners of war were often jailed in the "Stadt Huys" alongside common criminals. In 1776, Albany native Philip Livingston signed the Declaration of Independence at Independence Hall in Philadelphia.
During and after the Revolutionary War, Albany County saw a great increase in real estate transactions. After Horatio Gates' win over John Burgoyne at Saratoga in 1777, the upper Hudson Valley was generally at peace as the war raged on elsewhere. Prosperity was soon seen all over Upstate New York. Migrants from Vermont and Connecticut began flowing in, noting the advantages of living on the Hudson and trading at Albany, while being only a few days' sail from New York City. Albany reported a population of 3,498 in the first national census in 1790, an increase of almost 700% since its chartering. In 1797, the state capital of New York was moved permanently to Albany. From statehood to this date, the Legislature had frequently moved the state capital between Albany, Kingston, Poughkeepsie, and the city of New York. Albany is the second oldest state capital in the United States.
1800 to 1942.
Albany has been a center of transportation for much of its history. In the late 18th century and early 19th century, Albany saw development of the turnpike and by 1815, Albany was the turnpike center of the state. The development of Simeon De Witt's gridded block system in 1794, which gave Albany its original bird and mammal street names, was intersected by these important arterials coming out of Albany, cutting through the city at unexpected angles. The advent of the turnpike, in conjunction with canal and railroad systems, made Albany the hub of transportation for pioneers going to Buffalo and the Michigan Territory in the early and mid-19th century.
In 1807, Robert Fulton initiated a steamboat line from New York to Albany, the first successful enterprise of its kind. By 1810, with 10,763 people, Albany was the 10th largest urban place in the nation. The town and village known as "the Colonie" to the north of Albany was annexed in 1815. In 1825 the Erie Canal was completed, forming a continuous water route from the Great Lakes to New York City. Unlike the current Barge Canal, which ends at nearby Waterford, the original Erie Canal ended at Albany; Lock 1 was located north of Colonie Street. The Canal emptied into a man-made lagoon called the Albany Basin, which was Albany's main port from 1825 until the Port of Albany-Rensselaer opened in 1932. In 1829, while working as a professor at the Albany Academy, Joseph Henry, widely regarded as "the foremost American scientist of the 19th century", built the first electric motor. Three years later, he discovered electromagnetic self-induction (the SI unit for which is now the henry). He went on to be the first Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. In the 1830 and 1840 censuses, Albany moved up to 9th largest urban place in the nation, then back to 10th in 1850. This was the last time the city was one of the top ten largest urban places in the nation.
Albany also has significant history with rail transport, as the location of two major regional railroad headquarters. The Delaware and Hudson Railway was headquartered in Albany at what is now the SUNY System Administration Building. In 1853, Erastus Corning, a noted industrialist and Albany's mayor from 1834 to 1837, consolidated ten railroads stretching from Albany to Buffalo into the New York Central Railroad (NYCRR), headquartered in Albany until Cornelius Vanderbilt moved it to New York City in 1867. One of the ten companies that formed the NYCRR was the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad, which was the first railroad in the state and the first successful steam railroad running regularly scheduled service in the country. 
While the key to Albany's economic prosperity in the 19th century was transportation, industry and business also played a role. Largely thanks to the city's Dutch and German roots, beer was one of its biggest commodities. Beverwyck Brewery, originally known as Quinn and Nolan (Nolan being mayor of Albany 1878–1883), was the last remaining brewer from that time when it closed in 1972. The city's location at the east end of the Erie Canal gave it unparalleled access to both raw products and a captive customer base in the west. Albany was known for its publishing houses, and to some extent, still is. Albany was second only to Boston in the number of books produced for most of the 19th century. Iron foundries in both the north and south ends of the city brought thousands of immigrants to the city. To this day, one can see many intricate wrought-iron details on older buildings. The iron industry waned by the 1890s, falling victim to the costs associated with a newly unionized workforce and the opening of mines in the Mesabi Range in Minnesota.
Albany's other major exports during the 18th and 19th centuries were furs, wheat, meat and lumber; by 1865, there were almost 4,000 saw mills in the Albany area and the Albany Lumber District was the largest lumber market in the nation. The city was also home to a number of banks. The Bank of Albany (1792–1861) was the second chartered bank in New York. The city was the original home of the Albank (founded in 1820 as the Albany Savings Bank), KeyBank (founded in 1825 as the Commercial Bank of Albany), and Norstar Bank (founded as the State Bank of Albany in 1803). American Express was originally founded in Albany in 1850 as an express mail business. In 1871, the northwestern portion of Albany—west from Magazine Street—was annexed to the neighboring town of Guilderland after the town of Watervliet refused annexation of said territory. In return for this loss, portions of Bethlehem and Watervliet were added to Albany. Part of the land annexed to Guilderland was ceded back to Albany in 1910, setting up the current western border.
Albany opened one of the first commercial airports in the world, and the first municipal airport in the United States, in 1908. Originally located on a polo field on Loudon Road, it moved to Westerlo Island in 1909 and remained there until 1928. The Albany Municipal Airport—jointly owned by the city and county—was moved to its current location in Colonie in 1928. In 1960, the mayor sold the city's stake in the airport to the county, citing budget issues. It was known from then on as Albany County Airport until a massive upgrade and modernization project between 1996 and 1998, when it was rechristened Albany International Airport. By 1916 Albany's northern and southern borders reached their modern courses; Westerlo Island, to the south, became the second-to-last annexation, which occurred in 1926.
Corning administration (1942) to present day.
Erastus Corning 2nd, arguably Albany's most notable mayor (and great-grandson of the former mayor of the same name), was elected in 1941. Although he was the longest serving mayor of any city in United States history (1942 until his death in 1983), one historian describes Corning's tenure as "long on years, short on accomplishments," citing Corning's preference for maintaining the status quo as a factor that held back potential progress during his tenure. While Corning brought stability to the office of mayor, it is said that even those that idolize him cannot come up with a sizable list of "major concrete Corning achievements." Corning is given credit for saving, albeit somewhat unintentionally, much of Albany's historic architecture.
During the 1950s and 1960s, a time when federal aid for urban renewal was plentiful, Albany did not see much progress in either commerce or infrastructure. It lost more than 20 percent of its population during the Corning years, and most of the downtown businesses moved to the suburbs. While cities across the country experienced similar issues, the problems were magnified in Albany: interference from the Democratic political machine hindered progress considerably. Governor Nelson Rockefeller (1959–1973) (R), who had a preference for grandiose, monumental architecture and large, government-sponsored building projects, was the driving force behind the construction of the Empire State Plaza, SUNY Albany's uptown campus, and much of the W. Averell Harriman State Office Building Campus. Albany County Republican Chairman Joseph C. Frangella once quipped, "Governor Rockefeller was the best mayor Albany ever had." Corning, though opposed to the project, was responsible for negotiating the payment plan for the Empire State Plaza. Rockefeller did not want to be limited by the Legislature's power of the purse, so Corning devised a plan to have the county pay for the construction and have the state sign a lease-ownership agreement. The state would pay off the bonds until 2004. It was Rockefeller's only viable option, and he agreed. Due to the clout Corning gained from the situation, he was able to get the State Museum, a convention center, and a restaurant, back in the plans—ideas that Rockefeller had originally vetoed. The county gained $35 million in fees and the city received $13 million for lost tax revenue.
Another major project of the 1960s and 1970s was Interstate 787 and the South Mall Arterial. Construction began in the early 1960s. One of the project's main consequences was separating the city from the Hudson River. Corning is sometimes called shortsighted with respect to use of the waterfront, as he could have used his influence to change the location of I-787, which now cuts the city off from "its whole "raison d'être"". Much of the original plan never came to fruition, however: Rockefeller had wanted the South Mall Arterial to pass through the Empire State Plaza. The project would have required an underground trumpet interchange below Washington Park, connecting to the (eventually cancelled) Mid-Crosstown Arterial. To this day, evidence of the original plan is still visible. In 1967 the hamlet of Karlsfeld became the last annexation to be added to the city limits, having come from Bethlehem.
When Corning died in 1983, Thomas Whalen assumed the mayorship and was reelected twice. Albany saw a significant influx of federal dollars earmarked for restoring historic structures. What Corning had saved from destruction, Whalen refurbished. The Mayor's Office of Special Events was created in an effort to increase the number of festivals and artistic events in the city, including a year-long "Dongan Charter" tricentennial celebration in 1986. Whalen is credited for an "unparalleled cycle of commercial investment and development" in Albany due to his "aggressive business development programs".
Prior to the recession of the 1990s, Albany was home to two Fortune 500 companies: KeyBank and Fleet Bank; both have since moved or merged with other banks. Albany saw its political climate change after the death of Corning and the retirement of Congressman Sam Stratton. Long-term office holders became a thing of the past in the 1980s. Local media began following the drama surrounding county politics (specifically that of the newly created county executive position); the loss of Corning (and eventually the machine) led to a lack of interest in city politics. The 1990s brought about the surprise election of Gerald Jennings, who has been mayor since 1994. His tenure has essentially ended the political machine that had been in place since the 1920s. During the 1990s, the State Legislature approved the $234 million "Albany Plan", "a building and renovation project was the most ambitious building project to effect the area since the Rockefeller era." The Albany Plan saw the initiation of renovation and new building projects around the downtown area, and the move of many state workers from the Harriman State Office Campus to downtown. The late first decade of the 21st century saw a real possibility for a long-discussed and controversial Albany Convention Center; as of August 2010, the Albany Convention Center Authority had already purchased 75% of the land needed to build the downtown project.

</doc>
<doc id="21443562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443562" title="Anna of Pomerania, Duchess of Lubin">
Anna of Pomerania, Duchess of Lubin

Anna of Pomerania () (1492 – 25 April 1550) was a German Princess. She was a member of the House of Pomerania (also known as House of Greifen or House of Griffins) and by marriage Duchess of Brzeg.
She was the eldest daughter of Bogislaw X, Duke of Pomerania, by his second wife Anna, daughter of King Casimir IV of Poland.
Life.
On 9 June 1516, Anna married with Duke George I of Brieg. The union, which lasted until George I's death in 1521, was childless. According to her husband's will, Anna received the Duchy of Lubin as her "Oprawa wdowia" with full sovereignty over that land until her own death, twenty-nine years later, when Lubin reverted to the Dukedom of Legnica.

</doc>
<doc id="21443563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443563" title="D. R. Nanayakkara">
D. R. Nanayakkara

Don Ruter Nanayakkara (1915–1989) was a leading character actor of Sri Lankan cinema. Playing lanky villains and comedic characters, Nanayakkara gained popularity in films like "Rekava", "Kurulu Bedda" and "Sikuru Tharuwa".
Biography.
Nanayakkara was born in Kolonnawa in 1915 and attended the Kolonnawa Govt. School and St. Matthew’s College, Dematagoda. As a young adult, Nanayakkara showed interest in theater and became a regular attender of stage plays. At one such drama around 1936, he was noticed by playwright Sirisena Wimalaweera who took him into his troupe of players. Beginning with "Amma", Nanayakkara appeared in many of Wimalweera's plays; these include "Seedevi", "Pitisara Kella", "Rodi Kella" and "Maggona Charlie".
Nanayakkara debut in film came when Wimalaweera adapted "Amma" into a motion picture in 1949, two years after the release of the first major Sinhalese film "Kadawunu Poronduwa". Nanayakkara dabbled as a vocalist in Wimalaweera's films singing two songs for "Amma". He continued to appear in Wimalaweera's movies up to Wimalaweera's death in 1963.
Nanayakkara's had one of his most celebrated performances in "Rekawa" (1956) which is considered a landmark in film. He appeared in the critically acclaimed role of Sooty, the protagonist's father who is a thief and attempts to use his son's supposed healing powers to gain wealth causing a death and his son's condemnation by the whole villages.
Nanayakkara continued his celebrated villainous roles in "Kurulu Bedda" (1961), "Sikuru Tharuwa" (1966) and "Binaramali" (1969). He won the Sarasaviya Best Actor Award for his role in "Bicycle Hora" in 1968. In 1984, Nanayakkara was one of the Sri Lankan actors chosen to appear in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom"; He played the village headsman.
In "Kathuru Muwath" (1971) he played the lead role of the Kathuru Muwath. He had major roles in many of K.A.W. Perera's other films like "Kapatikama" (1966), "Duleeka" (1974), "Lasanda" (1974) and "Nedeyo" (1976). Working with Lester James Peries again in "Baddegama" (1981) he played another major negative role as the Medicine Man.
Other film appearances include "Chandiya" (1965), "Parasathumal" (1966), "Ahasin Polawata" (1978), "Siribo Aiya" (1980) and "Dese Mal Pipila". Nanayakkara's last film "Ahas Maliga" was screened five years after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="21443565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443565" title="Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova">
Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova

Baroness Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova (3/5 February 1779 - 8 April OS: 27 March 1818, Paris) (Russian - Елизавета Александровна Строганова) was a Russian aristocrat of the Stroganov family.
Aged 16, in September 1795 at Saint Petersburg, she married Count Nikolai Nikitich Demidov. They had two children - Pavel (Paul) (1798–1840) and Anatoly (Anatole) (1812–1869).
Nicolas became a diplomat and the couple set up home in Paris, becoming strong supporters of Napoleon I of France. However, mounting tensions between France and Russia forced Russia to recall Nicolas in 1805. The couple then set up home in Italy before returning to Russia in 1812 to settle in Moscow.
They were of completely different characters and often lived apart. She was beautiful, light and witty, and her husband more introspective, and so they soon grew bored with each other - after Anatole's birth in 1812, they separated and she returned to live in Paris, where she died in 1818 and was buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21443582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443582" title="Donetsk State University of Management">
Donetsk State University of Management

Donetsk State University of Management () is a Ukrainian University witch started in 1992 as the Donetsk State Academy of Management (with 31 graduates) and was awarded the status of University in 2004 by the Ukrainian Ministry of Education and Science.
Campuses.
Campus facilities include 7 study buildings and 6 comfortable hostels where housing is guaranteed for all five years. For students’ service there are numerous computer classes with free Wi-Fi Internet connection. Students have free medical care and treatment for minor injuries at Medical Service. 
The University’s library is an essential support to study, teaching, and research activities. Almost 230 000 copies of books and periodicals represent important information service.
Fields of Study.
Management in production sphere
Management in non-production sphere
Municipal management
Management of innovation activity
Management of international economic activity
Management in the field of economic competition
Management of investment activities
Logistics
Management of environmental protection
HR Management
Finance
Banking
Taxation
Master programs (Specific categories)
Tourism
Structure.
The University offers following faculties:
Awards and reputation.
According to the rating of the best universities in Ukraine, which is compiled by the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports of Ukraine, DSUM in 2012 ranked 3rd place among higher educational institutions "Economics, Finance, Management, Entrepreneurship".
So far more than 16 thousand University graduates have become highly qualified specialists, who joined the ranks of management elite of Donetsk city, Donetsk region and Ukraine.
Students Life.
There are the following events that take place in DSUM during the year:
There are plenty of events for sports fans as well:
University football team is winner of international tournaments among universities
Alumni.
The following are the notable alumni of the university:
Boris Kolesnikov-People's Deputy of Ukraine
Klimenko Aleksandr Viktorovich-The Minister of revenue and charges of Ukraine
Lukyanchenko Oleksandr-Donetsk Mayor
Klochkova Yana-Hero Of Ukraine,4-time Olympic champion in swimming
Liliya Podkopaeva-Olimpic Champion gymnast
Chygrynskiy Dmytro- footballer of FC Shakhtar, winner of the UEFA Cup
Smirnov Victor-Hero of Ukraine, multiple champion and medalist of Paralympic Games in swimming
Aleksandr Revva-popular actor, showman, producer
Tìslenko Alexandr-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Altcom
Beschastnyi Viktor-Rector of Donetsk Law Institute under the Ministry of Home Affairs of Ukraine

</doc>
<doc id="21443593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443593" title="Al-Mustaqbal (newspaper)">
Al-Mustaqbal (newspaper)

Al-Mustaqbal (المستقبل in Arabic) (English translation: "The Future") is an Arabic language daily newspaper in Lebanon, headquartered in Beirut. 
Profile.
The paper was launched in 1995 by Rafik Hariri, former Prime Minister and assassinated leader of the Movement of the Future. The daily is based in Beirut. Arab United Press is the publisher and prominent Lebanese journalist Faisal Salman is managing editor of the daily.
A 2009 survey by Ipsos Stat established that the daily is among the five most popular newspapers in Beirut.
Political stance.
The newspaper expresses the views of the Movement of the Future and supports the Lebanese March 14 Alliance. In addition, the daily is one of the major anti-Syrian publications in the Middle East.
Bans.
The daily has an online newspaper which was banned in Syria in July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21443594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443594" title="List of Christian monasteries in Brandenburg">
List of Christian monasteries in Brandenburg

This is a list of Christian religious houses, both dissolved and extant, in Brandenburg in Germany, including Berlin. Extant religious houses are marked in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="21443614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443614" title="Herbert Southworth">
Herbert Southworth

Herbert Rutledge Southworth (February 6, 1908 – October 30, 1999) was a writer, journalist and historian specializing in the Spanish Civil War and the subsequent Franco dictatorship in Spain and whose work led the Francoist ministry of information to set up an entire department just to counter his demolition of the regime's propaganda.
Early life.
Southworth was born in Canton, Oklahoma. He worked as a construction worker and in a cooper mine in Arizona. There he learned Spanish from the Mexican workers. At Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University) in Lubbock, Texas, he majored in history, with a minor in Spanish. In 1934, he started work in the document department at the US Library of Congress in Washington.
Spanish Civil War.
When the Spanish civil war broke out, Southworth reviewed books on the conflict for the "Washington Post", his articles bringing him to the notice of the Spanish republic's ambassador, who asked him to work for the Spanish information bureau.
He also took a master's degree at Columbia University, and formed an enduring friendship with the war correspondent Jay Allen.
Southworth was devastated by the defeat of the Spanish republic, and he and Allen continued to work for the exiled premier Juan Negrín.
World War II.
Shortly after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Southworth was recruited by the US office of war information. In 1943, he was sent to Algeria to work for the office of psychological warfare, and later was posted to Morocco to broadcast to Franco's Spain.
Propaganda.
Southworth wrote a series of books which obliged the Franco regime to change its falsified version of its own past. The most celebrated was an exposé of rightwing propaganda, "The Myth of Franco's Crusade", which was published in Spanish and French by José Martínez, of Ruedo Ibérico, the leading anti-Franco exiled publishing house based in Paris. Sold clandestinely in Spain, its impact obliged the then information minister, Manuel Fraga, to set up a department dedicated to modernising the regime's historiography. Its director, Ricardo de la Cierva, later Spain's minister of culture (1980-1981), went on to write 80 books in defence of the Franco dictatorship.
In 1965, Southworth wrote a second book, "Antifalange", on how Franco converted the Falange into the single party of his regime.
"Guernica! Guernica! A Study of Journalism, Diplomacy, Propaganda and History" (1977) deals with the effort by Franco's propagandists and admirers to wipe out the atrocity at Guernica. Two years before its publication, and on the advice of the French historian, Pierre Vilar, the manuscript had been successfully presented by Southworth as his doctoral thesis at the Sorbonne.
In the mid-1970s, Southworth became Regents Professor at the University of California.
A pugnacious polemicist, he regularly took part in literary arguments, most notably with Burnett Bolloten and Hugh Thomas.
In 1970 he sold his collection of documents to the University of California.
Only three days before his death, he delivered the manuscript of "Conspiracy and the Spanish Civil War: The Brainwashing of Francisco Franco", published by Routledge.

</doc>
<doc id="21443615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443615" title="Congenital hypoplastic anemia">
Congenital hypoplastic anemia

Congenital hypoplastic anemia (or constitutional aplastic anemia) refers to a type of aplastic anemia which is primarily due to a congenital disorder.
Associated genes include "TERC", "TERT", "IFNG", "NBS1", "PRF1", and "SBDS".
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="21443636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443636" title="George Samuel Eccles">
George Samuel Eccles

George Samuel Eccles (1874 – 18 December 1945) was an English footballer who played at right-back in the Football League and Southern League for Burslem Port Vale, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Everton, Preston North End, West Ham United and Bolton Wanderers. He helped Bolton Wanderers to win promotion out of the Second Division in 1904–05.
Playing career.
Eccles played for Middleport, before joining Burslem Port Vale in June 1893. He played six Second Division games in the 1893–94 season. He featured once in the FA Cup and made 27 league appearances in the 1894–95 season, claiming one goal in a 4–4 draw with Newcastle United at the Athletic Ground on 6 October. On 26 February, when heading for a match against Notts County at Trent Bridge, he misread the train timetables and selected a non-existent train that only ran on market days, thereby missing the game. He played 17 league and two FA Cup games in the 1895–96 season, and broke his collarbone in February 1896. He was sold to Wolverhampton Wanderers for a 'considerable' fee in May 1896. "Wolves" finished tenth and third in the First Division in 1896–97 and 1897–98. Eccles scored one goal in 36 league games during his two years at Molineux, and then moved on to league rivals Everton. The "Toffees" finished fourth, eleventh, and seventh in 1898–99, 1899–1900, and 1900–01. He played 56 league games during his three seasons at Goodison Park, before switching to Preston North End. He did not feature in the Second Division for the "Lambs" in 1901–02, and instead transferred to West Ham United. The "Hammers" finished tenth and twelfth in the Southern League in 1902–03 and 1903–04, with Eccles playing 59 league games at the Memorial Grounds. He then made a brief return to the Football League, playing six league games to help Bolton Wanderers win promotion out of the Second Division in 1904–05.

</doc>
<doc id="21443639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443639" title="Lang Jeffries">
Lang Jeffries

Lang Jeffries (June 7, 1930—February 12, 1987) was a Canadian-American actor of television and film who was married from 1960 to 1962 to actress Rhonda Fleming.
Jeffries was born in Ontario, Canada. He was living in Michigan at the time he procured his Social Security number. Jeffries served in the United States Army during the Korean War and was among only three survivors of his 177-man unit that landed in Inchon, South Korea, in the fall of 1950, in a mass landing conducted by General Douglas MacArthur.
From 1958 to 1960, Jeffries procured his first and most successful acting role, that of Skip Johnson, in all seventy-four episodes of the syndicated adventure television series "Rescue 8", with co-star Jim Davis as Wes Cameron. The Screen Gems program offered heart-warming accounts of difficult rescues completed by the Los Angeles County Fire Department. Davis was later cast as the indomitable Jock Ewing of CBS's prime time soap opera "Dallas".
In 1960, Jeffries and John McIntire, later of "Wagon Train", guest starred in the episode "The Most Dangerous Gentleman" in the short-lived NBC western series, "Overland Trail" starring William Bendix and Doug McClure.
On October 9, 1961, only three months before their divorce, Jeffries and wife Rhonda Fleming appeared as themselves, married for sixteen months, with Helen O'Connell in the interview program, "Here's Hollywood". Jeffries, seven years Fleming's junior, was the third of her six husbands.
Jeffries starred as Vibio in the foreign film, "La Rivolta degli schiavi", or "The Revolt of the Slaves", with Rhonda Fleming cast as Fabiola. In the film, Fabiola gives the order that Vibio be whipped on the back. In a 1962 film, "Solo contro Roma", or "Vengeance of the Gladiator", Jeffries, in the role of Brenno, was again whipped on the back.
In 1962, after the breakup of his marriage, Jeffries guest starred in the episode "Elegy of a Hero" in the syndicated series "Ripcord" starring Larry Pennell and Ken Curtis, who was later cast as Festus Haggen on CBS's "Gunsmoke".
From 1964-1971, Jeffries appeared in nearly twenty films in France, Spain, the former West Germany, Italy, and Romania. He played science fiction hero Perry Rhodan in "Mission Stardust" (1967). He made several Eurospy films such as "Agente X 1-7 operazione Oceano" (Italy, 1965), "Z7 Operation Rembrandt" (Germany-Italy, 1966), "Spies Strike Silently" (Italy, 1966), "The Beckett Affair" (France-Italy, 1966), "The Killer Lacks a Name" (Spain-Italy, 1966), and "Mexican Slayride" (Spain-Italy, 1967).
His last three American film appearances were in "Mean Mother" (1974), as Arthur Wheeler in "The Junkman" (1982), and as Lieutenant Arthur in "Deadline Auto Theft" (1983).
In 1966, while living in Rome, Jeffries married Gail Harris, the mother of John Paul Getty III. Beginning in the mid-1970s, Jeffries managed an art gallery in Huntington Beach, in Orange County, California, owned with his third wife, Mary. Jeffries died in 1987 at the age of fifty-six in Huntington Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="21443659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443659" title="USS Despatch (1902)">
USS Despatch (1902)

The fourth USS "Despatch", originally USS "Steam Cutter No. 423", later USS "Hustle" (YFB-6), was a ferry launch that served in the United States Navy from 1902 to 1921.
"Steam Cutter No. 423" was a steam-powered wooden-hulled ferry launch placed in service at the Naval Training Station, Newport, Rhode Island, in 1902. In 1908 she was renamed USS "Despatch" and on 11 April 1918 USS "Hustle". "Hustle" was designated YFB-6 in 1921.
"Hustle" was taken out of service in 1921, having spent her entire Navy career at Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="21443662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443662" title="Makak">
Makak

Makak is a town in central Cameroon, in Central province.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the national railway system.

</doc>
<doc id="21443672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443672" title="Barry Kamins">
Barry Kamins

Barry Kamins is a New York City Criminal Court Judge as well as an adjunct professor at the Fordham University School of Law and Brooklyn Law School.
Education.
Kamins received his bachelor's degree from Columbia College in 1965 and his Juris Doctor degree in 1968 from Rutgers School of Law. He is a graduate of Brooklyn Technical High School.
Legal career.
Kamins served as an Assistant District Attorney in Kings County from 1969 to 1973 where he rose to the rank of Deputy Chief of the Criminal Court Bureau. Following his time at the District Attorney's Office, Kamins left to become a criminal defense lawyer in Brooklyn at the law firm of Flamhaft, Levy, Kamins, Hirsch & Rendeiro LLP. During his time in private practice, Kamins represented numerous lawyers and judges probed by the Appellate Division's disciplinary committee.
In 2006, Kamins was elected president of the New York City Bar Association for a two-year term. Kamins became the first president of the City Bar with a law practice based outside of Manhattan in the association's 136-year history.
As a professor with the Fordham University School of Law and Brooklyn Law School, Kamins teaches courses on New York Criminal Procedure, and has authored numerous articles and publications, including New York Search & Seizure (1991).
Judicial service.
In 2008, Kamins was appointed to the New York City Criminal Court by Mayor Michael Bloomberg. In 2009, his term was renewed until 2018. In 2009, Kamins was transferred from Manhattan to the Kings County Criminal Term after Chief Administrative Judge Ann Pfau appointed Kamins the Administrative Judge for Criminal Matters.
2014 Department of Investigation Report.
In a June 2014 report, the New York City Department of Investigation accused Kamins of violating the Code of Judicial Conduct by giving ex-Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes political and legal advice and by discussing cases being prosecuted by the District Attorney's office. Kamins has been relieved of all administrative duties pending resolution of the investigation. 

</doc>
<doc id="21443678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443678" title="Crime Pays (Cam'ron album)">
Crime Pays (Cam'ron album)

Crime Pays is the sixth studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron. The album was released on May 12, 2009, by Diplomat Records and Asylum Records.
Background.
"My Job", the rapper's first video in two years released to the internet in January 2009, shows a more mature approach to life in an economically struggling America. Though "My Job" was not intended to be a single, the response to the song was so positive that it was released as a single on March 10, 2009. 
XXL Magazine shortly after announced cover of their April issue, due out February 24, which will go more into detail about his status, the 2007 feud with 50 Cent and the status of the once dominating crew The Diplomats. In this interview, Cam'ron stated that the original Diplomats Jim Jones, Juelz Santana, and Freeky Zeeky were no longer together.
Miss Info also released an exclusive "Where's Cam'ron?" segment on her website, where the rapper continues to explain many unanswered questions and the future of the MC. Despite the fact that none of the singles charted, the album proved to be successful, charting at #3 on the Billboard 200 selling an estimated 45,000 copies its first week.

</doc>
<doc id="21443695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443695" title="Barbara of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brieg">
Barbara of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brieg

Barbara of Brandenburg (; 10 August 1527 – Brzeg, 2 January 1595), was a German princess member of the House of Hohenzollern She was a Landgravine of Brandenburg by birth and by marriage a Duchess of Brzeg.
She was the second child but eldest daughter of Joachim II Hector, Elector of Brandenburg, by his first wife Magdalena, daughter of George, Duke of Saxony.
Life.
In 1537 Barbara was betrothed to George (later George II the Pious), second son of Duke Frederick II of Legnica as a part of the alliance signed between her father and Frederick II. The wedding took place eight years later, on 15 February 1545 in her homeland, Berlin. In the same ceremony, was also performed the marriage of her brother John George with Frederick II's daughter, Sophie. As a dowry, Barbara received the amount of 20,000 Rhenish florins, who was provided by the citizens of Brzeg.
Two years later (1547), Duke Frederick II died and George inherited the Duchy of Brzeg, who included the towns of Oława, Strzelin, Niemcza, Kluczbork, Byczyna, Wołów and Ścinawa. In all, Barbara bore her husband seven children, two sons and five daughters.
Duke George II died on 7 May 1586, after forty-one years of marriage. In his will, he left the Duchy of Brzeg to his wife as her "Oprawa wdowia" with the full sovereignty over this land until her own death. The Duchies of Oława and Wołów were received by her sons Joachim Frederick and John George as co-rulers, and because Barbara was the Regnant Duchess in Brzeg, both brothers decided to settle his residence in Oława.
After Barbara's death, Brzeg was inherited by her only surviving son Joachim Frederick, because her other son, John George, already died in 1592.

</doc>
<doc id="21443729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443729" title="Cust, New Zealand">
Cust, New Zealand

Cust is a rural village in the South Island of New Zealand. It is located in North Canterbury and comes under seat of the Waimakariri District Council. It is located approximately 16 km east of Oxford and 17 km west of Rangiora. The town is named after Sir Edward Cust, who was a member of the Canterbury Association which organised European settlement of the area around 1850. Earlier names for the town were Moeraki Downs and Middleton-on-the-Cust.
Education.
Cust School is a state coeducational full primary school (years 1-8) with a decile rating of 10 and a roll of students (as of The principal is Robert Schuyt.
Motorcycle racing.
For more than 20 years, a metalled-road racing circuit at Cust was used as the venue for the New Zealand Grand Prix for motorcycling. The Easter event, last held in 1963, would swell the village population to 25,000.
Climate.
The average temperature in summer is 16.2 °C, and in winter is 5.9 °C.

</doc>
<doc id="21443734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443734" title="Mount Zion (Colorado)">
Mount Zion (Colorado)

Mount Zion is a mountain located just west of Golden, Colorado in Jefferson County.
One notable feature is a white "M", maintained by the Colorado School of Mines. All freshmen attending the school climb the mountain and each add a rock on the "M" which they can take with them when they graduate. This is a tradition that has been going on since 1908 when the M was first created. The "M" has been permanently lighted since 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="21443747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443747" title="Ruijū Kokushi">
Ruijū Kokushi

Contents.
The text was originally 200 volumes in length with two indexes and three genealogical volumes. However, much of it was lost during the Ōnin War in the late 15th century. Only 62 volumes are currently extant: volumes 1-5, 8-11, 14-16, 19, 25, 28, 31-36, 40, 54, 61, 66, 71-75, 77-80, 83-84, 86-89, 99, 101, 107, 147, 159, 165, 170-171, 173, 177-180, 182, 185-187, 189-190, 193-194, 199.
The text categories and subcategories the historical accounts given in the "Six National Histories", listing each of which in chronological order.. There are a total of eighteen categories, with another five lost in the missing volumes.
While the final national history, "Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku", was completed in 901, nine years later, Michizane was one of the contributing editors and was thus able to incorporate early content.
The editorial policy was to be true to the original sources without modifying or adding to the content. It is thus a valuable resource in reconstructing "Nihon Kōki", "Shoku Nihon Kōki", and "Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku", all of which were largely lost over time. 

</doc>
<doc id="21443773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443773" title="Master of Signa">
Master of Signa

The Master of Signa refers to an anonymous Italian painter active in the area of Signa, Italy in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21443796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443796" title="Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth">
Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth

Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth (9 October 1905 in Birmingham – 25 October 1998 in Derby) was a British mycologist and scientific historian.
Education and work.
He received his doctorate from the University of London in 1934. From the 1930s to 1960s, he studied and wrote on fungi including their medical uses. Later, he wrote on the history of the field with "An Introduction to the History of Mycology" (1976), "An Introduction to the History of Plant Pathology" (1981), and" An Introduction to the History of Medical Mycology" in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21443810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443810" title="The Crawling Distance">
The Crawling Distance

The Crawling Distance is 11th studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard on January 20, 2009. Similar to many of Pollard's releases since "Fiction Man" in 2004, all instrumentation on the album was performed by producer Todd Tobias. "The Crawling Distance" has a 64/100 score on metacritic and thus was Pollard's lowest rated album on the site, until 2011's "Space City Kicks" which has a 62. [http://www.metacritic.com/person/robert-pollard]

</doc>
<doc id="21443812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443812" title="Live in NYC '97">
Live in NYC '97

"Live in NYC '97" is a live album by blues musician Johnny Winter, recorded at the Bottom Line in Manhattan. Additional recording took place at Studio 900, New York City.
Personnel.
Bottom Line Recording staff
Studio 900 Recording staff
Miscellaneous staff

</doc>
<doc id="21443826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443826" title="Son calentano">
Son calentano

The son calentano is an instrumental form of music from Guanaguato Mexico. It has meters in 3/4 and 6/8, an ornamented use of violin and back beats on guitar and tamborita. It is usually played by conjunto calentano ensembles and is traditionally performed with dancers.

</doc>
<doc id="21443840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443840" title="Spatial intelligence (business method)">
Spatial intelligence (business method)

Spatial Intelligence is the use of geographic information by retailers and other businesses to understand and market to their customers. It is often associated with real estate and retail development.
In market research vernacular, spatial intelligence results from using data gleaned from a variety of population and demographic data sources. United States Postal Service carrier routes and commercial property databases may be combined with GIS mapping tools to help businesses understand and predict customer patterns and emerging demographic trends.

</doc>
<doc id="21443847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443847" title="Oak Bowery, Alabama">
Oak Bowery, Alabama

Oak Bowery is an unincorporated community in southern Chambers County, Alabama, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 431, north of Auburn, Alabama. 
History.
Oak Bowery was first settled in 1828 by South Carolinians and was originally named Woodlawn. A Methodist camp meeting ground named Oak Bowery was established there soon after settlement, and the community adopted that name around 1835. In 1837, the Oak Bowery Female College was established, and in 1850 the East Alabama Masonic College located there. The community grew rapidly in the 1830s and 1840s, but a change in the planned routing of the Montgomery and West Point Railroad from Oak Bowery to a more southerly route ended the community's growth. Oak Bowery is today a small community of only a few residences and a church.

</doc>
<doc id="21443860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443860" title="Cristofer">
Cristofer

Cristofer is a phonetic spelling of Christopher sometimes used in Spanish. The Spanish version of Christopher is Cristóbal.

</doc>
<doc id="21443867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443867" title="Villa San Donato">
Villa San Donato

The Villa San Donato is a Palladian palace built by Russian industrialist Nikolay Demidov on 42 hectares of marshland to the north of Florence at Polverosa which he had bought from the Catholic church, after he was made Russia's ambassador to the court of Tuscany. The first stone was laid on 27 June 1827 and construction was completed in 1831. It includes an estates with rivers, lakes, churches, a menagerie, a silk factory, a zoo, gardens and a railway. The designs were by Giovan Battista Silvestri, architect to the Uffizi. 
Besides vast private apartments, it includes a private 14-room museum built to contain the huge Demidov collection. The ceiling of the dome over the central rotonda has a fresco of 1827 by Domenico Morelli, repainted in 1841 by the French painter Jean Baptiste Fortuné de Fournier. 
It was seriously damaged in the Second World War. The adjacent Demidoff Chapel of San Donato is now owned by the Church of Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="21443869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443869" title="TADA! Youth Theater">
TADA! Youth Theater

TADA! Youth Theater is a New York City theater company that runs several programs for children and young adults, including original mainstage productions and arts education programs. The company was founded in 1984, and has commissioned the creation of dozens of original musicals, such as 
The ensemble performs three pre-professional musicals a year, open to the public. Members also receive free vocal, acting, and dance training. Several TADA! participants of the ensemble have gained publicity since participating in the program, including Amar Ramasar, Josh Peck, Kerry Washington, Azelia Banks, Jordan Peele, Ricki Lake, and Mizuo Peck. The education programs offer classes to children. Included in the education department are outreach programs, which provide classes at schools in boroughs other than Manhattan. [http://www.tadatheater.com/programoverview.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="21443873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443873" title="Conjunto calentano">
Conjunto calentano

A conjunto calentano is a type of Mexican folk ensemble. Often it consists of violin, guitar and tamborita, but can also have other violin, guitarra panzona, guitarra sexta and harp.
Its repertory covers calentano music: sones calentanos and gustos, and other musical forms as Indias, Malagueñas, Peteneras, Valses, Polkas, Pasos Dobles, Chilenas, Minuets, Corridos, Cantos de Arrullo o de Cuna, Música para Entierros de Personas Mayores y para Angelitos.

</doc>
<doc id="21443905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443905" title="Movement Against the Monarchy">
Movement Against the Monarchy

The Movement Against the Monarchy, abbreviated and commonly referred to simply as MAM, is a UK-based anarchist organisation that engages in protests against the British monarchy. They were a central fixture in British anarchist, and to a lesser extent, republican, movements, before going into abeyance following the arrest of 41 members in the aftermath of protests against the Queen's Golden Jubilee. All but one were later released, and a successful claim for damages was made against the Metropolitan Police. The police stated that the demonstrators were arrested to protect public safety, and that they said the group had not informed them of their protest route and were unwilling to co-operate with officers.

</doc>
<doc id="21443909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443909" title="Mark Pollock">
Mark Pollock

Mark Pollock (born 1976) is a Northern Irish adventurer, athlete, rower, kayaker, author and international motivational speaker from Northern Ireland who became the first blind man to reach the South Pole. As part of a three-man team called South Pole Flag, alongside Simon O'Donnell and Inge Solheim he took just over three weeks in January 2009 to complete the Amundsen Omega 3 South Pole Race to his destination. Pollock admitted his disability had slowed him down but they finished fifth overall from six teams. He participated against nine other teams, including that of BBC personality Ben Fogle and the Olympic gold medallist James Cracknell, a friend of Pollock. An avid rower Pollock has won bronze and silver medals at the 2002 Commonwealth Rowing Championships in Nottingham, England and has also written a book titled "Making It Happen".
Early life and background.
Pollock was born to Barbara and Johnny in Holywood, County Down. He had been having problems with both retinas since he was a child. When he was five years old, he lost all sight in his right eye, with the rest of his childhood being spent attempting to avoid rough team sports, to preserve the vision in his left eye. He was educated at The Royal Belfast Academical Institution where he was a keen rower! He later went on to study Business and Economics in Trinity College, Dublin, where he became a champion schools rower and captain of the university's rowing club. The college later awarded him an honorary degree following confirmation of his blindness.
Blindness.
Operation.
Pollock has been fully blind since the age of twenty-two in 1998 when his retinas became detached partially due to the injury he had previously sustained. When he woke up in his hospital bed he realised that he could no longer see and also learned of the signing of the Good Friday Agreement, a fact he heard from a radio located in the nurses' station. The Agreement's signing uplifted him but he did not fully realise the extent of his injuries as he had bandages over his eyes. Two months later he found out that he would never see again. This had a devastating effect on him as he believed at the time that blind people could not have a life which he perceived as normal – that they could not participate in sport, work, study, socialise or date. Before his operation he had been about to embark on a city job in London, UK but after it was left with no option but to return home to his mother.
Coping.
Pollock then enrolled in a course to help him cope with his newfound blindness. He left for Dublin with his guide dog Larry and began putting himself forward for job interviews. Prospective employers were uncertain how to approach him. Eventually the father of one of his college friends assigned him to organising corporate entertainment. He returned to rowing and won bronze and silver medals for Northern Ireland in the 2002 Commonwealth Rowing Championships. He engaged in other athletic pursuits, including running six marathons in seven days with a sighted partner across the Gobi Desert, China in 2003 when he raised tens of thousands of euro for the charity Sightsavers International. On 10 April 2004, he competed in the North Pole Arctic Marathon on the sixth anniversary of his blindness. The tenth anniversary coincided with the tenth anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement which brought constant reminders of his condition.
He is now a company adviser based in Dublin. Uncertain over whether to make the trip to the South Pole and concerned over the impact of sastrugi on his blindness, Pollock consulted with the explorer Pat Falvey who had completed the journey eighteen months previously.
Writing career.
Pollock wrote "Making It Happen" to detail his struggle with blindness and his attempts at rebuilding his life. This included running numerous marathons, kayaking across the Irish Sea, establishing his own business and becoming an international public speaker. It can only be bought online from his website.
South Pole trek.
The trek cost Pollock around €250,000. His training included spending five hours in June 2008 pounding the streets with his father, dragging two tractor tyres behind him and spending time in Norway to acclimatise himself to the sastrugi. Pollock, O'Donnell and Solheim travelled 770 kilometres over twenty-two days, averaging fourteen hours journey time each day, whilst lugging 90 kilo sleds behind them. He pulled a 200lb sled for at least twelve hours each day, for a consecutive forty-four days. His blindness slowed his team down and created difficulties such as pitching their tent, which had to be carried out by O'Donnell and Solheim. Temperatures dropped as low as −50C during the expedition, with the team suffering from blisters, hunger and extreme exhaustion. O'Donnell endured severe frostbite on one ear and fingers and Solheim lost a filling from his tooth due to the extreme temperatures. Pollock told the "Irish Independent" that they "just can't believe" they had arrived and that they "only started to believe it was possible when we were one hour away, which was an amazing feeling". He described how they did not know what to do when they arrived, describing "such a burst of energy" that had engulfed them.
Pollock returned to Ireland on a 3 February 2009 where he was greeted at Dublin Airport, although he was delayed by the extreme weather conditions which gripped Dublin that week. He is now working on another book about his participation in the race. Pollock's father has also mentioned other challenges his son intends to partake in, including “kite skiing, whatever that is" although he hopes he will do "something easy like a few marathons instead".
Television.
On 7 February 2009, he appeared on the RTÉ One chat show "Tubridy Tonight".
Pollock is hosting the documentary series "Yes I Can" which airs in November 2011 on Setanta Sports.
Paralysis.
In July 2010 Mark suffered a tragic fall from a second story window. He broke his back and was left paralysed. Mark is now living his own lessons, deciding how to overcome this second blow. A pioneer, he is exploring the frontiers of spinal cord injury recovery through aggressive physical therapy and robotic technology.

</doc>
<doc id="21443914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443914" title="Hagnon of Tarsus">
Hagnon of Tarsus

Hagnon of Tarsus (2nd century BC) was a rhetorician, a philosopher, and a pupil of Carneades. Quintilian chides him for writing a book called "Prosecution of Rhetoric" in which he denied that rhetoric was an art. Athenaeus cites him for a curious piece of information that "among the Spartans it is custom for girls before their marriage to be treated like favorite boys ("paidikois")" (i.e. sexually). Plutarch quotes him as the source of a story concerning an elephant which was being cheated of its food by its keeper:
Hagnon tells a story of an elephant in Syria, that was bred up in a certain house, who observed that his keeper took away and defrauded him every day of half the measure of his barley; only that once, the master being present and looking on, the keeper poured out the whole measure; which was no sooner done, but the elephant, extending his proboscis, separated the barley and divided it into two equal parts, thereby ingeniously discovering, as much as in him lay, the injustice of his keeper.
Hagnon is also mentioned by Cicero.

</doc>
<doc id="21443921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443921" title="Mount Mabu">
Mount Mabu

Mount Mabu is a mountain and its associated virgin rainforest in northern Mozambique. The forest covers about 7,000 hectares (= 27 square miles), and Mount Mabu is approximately high. Although it was known locally, the Mount Mabu forest and its extremely diverse wildlife were unknown to plant and animal scientists until 2005. It was 'discovered' by scientists from Kew Royal Botanic Gardens by browsing Google Earth's satellite view to look for potential unknown wildlife hotspots in Africa. It is frequently referred to as the "Google Forest".
Several new species have been discovered in the Mount Mabu forest. The isolation of the rainforest, surrounded by savannah, makes it likely that it is host to many previously undiscovered species. Named species so far include:
Other newly discovered species include four butterflies, two more species of snakes, a species of crab, and five plants. There are likely many more new species in the forest, with likely candidates so far including a shrew, a pseudo-scorpion, frogs, snails, bats, catfish, and various insects. 
Among 126 species of birds identified, there are seven new populations of Globally Threatened species of birds in the forest, including the Thyolo Alethe, whose other populations are all threatened by logging and deforestation. Others include Swynnerton's Robin and Namuli Apalis.
In June, 2009, the Mozambique government announced that they would establish conservation measures to prevent commercial logging. The Mabu forest is believed to be the largest medium-altitude rainforest in Africa. African forest that is unspoiled by logging and other human activity is rare. The Mount Mabu forest is surrounded by area that was devastated by the Mozambican Civil War (1977-1992). Poor road access, ignorance of the forest, and its use as a refuge for local villagers during the war all contributed to its protection. No records of previous expeditions or collecting trips have been discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="21443923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443923" title="Belongs to You">
Belongs to You

"Belongs to You" is the title of a song written by Dave Berg, Rivers Rutherford and Tom Shapiro, and recorded by Canadian country music band Emerson Drive, who released it as a single in November 2008. It was released in December 2008 as the lead-off single to their sixth studio album, "Believe", released in Canada on May 5, 2009 via Midas Records Nashville and The Valory Music Group, the latter is an imprint of Big Machine Records.
Content.
"Belongs to You" is a mid-tempo ballad in which the male narrator describes the personal sacrifices that he had made in his life for his lover.
Reception.
Matt Bjorke of Roughstock described the song favorably. He described it as "a sweetly romantic power ballad that is sure to become a smash hit wedding track in 2009." Jim Malec of The 9513 gave the song a "thumbs down" review. He stated in his review that the song "feels like an exercise in mediocrity–a fact audible in Mates’ delivery."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Steven Goldmann.
Chart performance.
"Belongs to You" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart dated November 29, 2008.
Cover versions.
Jimmy Wayne covered the song for his 2009 studio album "Sara Smile".

</doc>
<doc id="21443943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443943" title="Here's Hollywood">
Here's Hollywood

"Here's Hollywood" is an American celebrity interview program which aired on weekday afternoons on NBC at 4:30 Eastern time from September 26, 1960, to December 28, 1962. 
Overview.
In the first season, the interviews were conducted by Dean Miller and Joanne Jordan. In the second season, Helen O'Connell replaced Jordan. 
Among those interviewed were Rhonda Fleming and her third husband, Lang Jeffries, three months before their divorce, and another married couple, Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme. From The Three Stooges appeared Moe Howard, Larry Fine, and Joe Besser.
Others who appeared on the broadcast, some twice, included Fred Astaire, Bob Barker, Edgar Bergen, Polly Bergen, Neville Brand, Anita Bryant, Sebastian Cabot, John Cassavetes, Gary Crosby, Bob Cummings, Abby Dalton, Ann B. Davis, Bette Davis, William Demarest, Bob Denver, Bradford Dillman, Fabian, Constance Ford, Connie Francis, Annette Funicello, Judy Garland, George Gobel, Hermione Gingold, Lorne Greene, Cedric Hardwicke, Sessue Hayakawa, Paul Henreid, Darryl Hickman, Earl Holliman, Edward Everett Horton, Robert Horton, Tab Hunter, David Janssen, Rick Jason, Carolyn Jones, Danny Kaye, Buster Keaton, Gene Kelly, Jack Kelly, and Don Knotts.
Michael Landon, Lennon Sisters, Peter Lorre, Carol Lynley, Barbara Luna, Shirley MacLaine, Nobu McCarthy, Steve McQueen, Lori Martin, Harpo Marx, Jayne Meadows, Robert Mitchum, Ricardo Montalban, Elizabeth Montgomery, Terry Moore, Don Murray, Jan Murray, Bob Newhart, Kathleen Nolan, Jay North, Gregory Peck, Cynthia Pepper, Anthony Quinn, George Raft, Tony Randall, Rex Reason, Edward G. Robinson, Wayne Rogers, Robert Ryan, Mickey Rooney, Charles Ruggles, Jane Russell, Telly Savalas, Gia Scala, Maximilian Schell, Rod Serling, Fay Spain, Danny Thomas, Jack Warden, Jack Webb, Richard Widmark, Johnny Weismuller, Cornel Wilde, and Gig Young also appeared.
Production notes.
The program was a Desilu Production. Jack Linkletter, son of Art Linkletter, conducted some of the interviews in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="21443964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443964" title="Aram Avakian">
Aram Avakian

Aram A. Avakian (April 23, 1926 – January 17, 1987) was an American film editor and director. His work in the latter role includes "Jazz on a Summer's Day" (1960) and the indie film "End of the Road" (1970).
Life and work.
Aram "Al" Avakian was born in Manhattan, New York, in 1926 to Armenian parents from Iran and Soviet Georgia. He graduated Horace Mann School and Yale University before serving as a Naval officer on an aircraft carrier in the Pacific. On the G.I. Bill after the war he went to France where he attended the Sorbonne. There he was part of a tight group of young friends who defined the American literary movement of 1950's Paris, including Terry Southern, William Styron, John P. Marquand Jr., and George Plimpton. In 1953, Avakian returned to the United States and apprenticed under Gjon Mili who got him started in documentary editing. In his spare time Avakian took still photographs of the legendary jazz sessions his brother the jazz producer George Avakian recorded. From 1955 to 1958, Avakian was the editor of Edward R. Murrow's program "See It Now". In his book "Vanity of Duluoz", Jack Kerouac based the character of Charlie on Aram Avakian.
He soon became a feature film editor and director. In 1958 he co-directed with Bert Stern, a filmed record of the Newport Jazz Festival. The result "Jazz on a Summer's Day" (1960), which Avakian also edited, is credited with being "the first feature-film documentary of a music festival." He edited the feature film "Girl of the Night" (1960), "acknowledged for its early use of the freeze frame and the jump cut" in American films. His credits as an editor also included Robert Frank's "Sin of Jesus" (1960), "The Miracle Worker" (1962), Arthur Penn's "Mickey One" (1965), in which Avakian also plays the disembodied voice of Warren Beatty's tormentor, and "Honeysuckle Rose" (1979).
Avakian directed the movie "End of the Road" (1970), which received an "X" rating for its graphic depiction of an abortion. For "End of the Road" Avakian received the Golden Leopard Award of the Locarno International Film Festival "LIFE" magazine's November 7, 1969 issue covered the film in a spectacular 9-page article, and in-depth interviews ran in "Esquire" and "Playboy". In a review of the film in "The New York Times", Roger Greenspun wrote of "End of the Road": "The precise truth of, say, 5 in a summer afternoon on the lawn of an assistant professor in a small country college has perhaps never been caught in a commercial movie before -- but that is the kind of precise truth this movie captures again and again." The film stars James Earl Jones, Stacy Keach, Dorothy Tristan, and Harris Yulin. In the film Avakian plays The Landlord, The Pigman, and the voice of the psychiatrist on the phone. George Avakian oversaw the music. Avakian's old friend the novelist Terry Southern co-produced the film, and co-wrote the screenplay with Avakian and Dennis McGuire.
"End of the Road" is an early indie picture which bucked Hollywood conventions and was before its time. Many of the cast and crew went on to distinguished careers. The film gained a cult following at art movie houses across the U.S., where audiences would speak aloud the lines while they watched the midnight screenings. "End of the Road" is admired by the director Steven Soderbergh, who has directed a documentary on the making of the film, for inclusion on the Warner Bros. DVD, titled "An Amazing Time: Conversations About End of the Road",
released on Sept. 18, 2012, as part of a series of great rediscovered movies. "Cineaste" published this 1980's interview in advance of the 2012 DVD release: [http://www.cineaste.com/articles/an-interview-with-aram-avakian-end-of-the-road-director-and-editor-web-exclusive]
Avakian directed "Cops and Robbers" (1973) One Night Stands and "11 Harrowhouse" (1974). and a lost film made in Paris, in French, in the early 1970s.
From 1983 to 1986, Avakian was chairman of the film department at State University of New York at Purchase.
For fifteen years, Avakian was married to actress and writer Dorothy Tristan until 1972, but during the last two years of his life his companion was former ballerina Allegra Kent. His children with Dorothy Tristan are photojournalist/author Alexandra Avakian and guitarist Tristan Avakian. 
Aram Avakian's website is www.aramavakian.net

</doc>
<doc id="21443977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443977" title="Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary">
Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary

The Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary is Canada's largest federally owned protected area, encompassing some of the Arctic Circle coastline. are marine, and are terrestrial.
Under the terms of the Ramsar Convention, it was designated as a wetland of international importance in 1982. It is the world's second-largest Ramsar Site. The majority of the park is lowlands and countless streams, ponds and shallow lakes. The land is mainly Arctic tundra and marshes.
In 1982, 450,000 geese, including the majority of the worlds Ross's Geese, nested in the sanctuary, one of the largest concentration of geese on Earth.
The park was established in 1961 under the Migratory Bird Sanctuary Regulations of the Migratory Birds Convention Act of 1917. It was named for Queen Maud of Norway.
Threats.
The biggest threat to the park is a proposed shipping route for a lead/zinc mine in Coronation Gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="21443989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443989" title="Józef Holewiński">
Józef Holewiński

Józef Holewiński (1848–1917) was a Polish graphic artist and painter.
Career.
Holewiński was a leading representative of Polish wood engraving.
He did work for a number of periodicals, including "Kłosy" (Gleanings), "Wędrowiec" (The Wanderer) and "Moderne Kunst" (German: Modern Art). From 1891 he was artistic director at the Warsaw "Tygodnik Ilustrowany" (Illustrated Weekly).
He engraved paintings and drawings for periodicals after Jan Matejko, Juliusz Kossak and others. He executed reproductions for "Album Jana Matejki" (Album of Jan Matejko, 1876).
Toward the end of his life, Holewiński painted landscapes and portraits.

</doc>
<doc id="21443992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21443992" title="Marienstern Abbey">
Marienstern Abbey

Marienstern Abbey ("Kloster Marienstern", formerly also known as "Kloster Güldenstern") was a Cistercian nunnery in Mühlberg in Brandenburg, Germany. Since 2000 a small community of the Claretian missionary brothers have lived in the former abbey premises.
History.
The abbey was founded in 1228 by the brothers Otto and Bodo of Ileburg (Eilenburg). Henry III, Margrave of Meissen, made gifts to the new foundation and also granted his consent to convert the former parish church of Mühlberg into the monastic church.
The nunnery was secularised in 1539 during the course of the Reformation.
Buildings.
The single-aisled church is a Brick Gothic structure with Romanesque elements. In 1565, after several fires, it was reinstated as the parish church of Mühlberg old town. The refectory dating from the 13th / 14th centuries was altered for agricultural purposes in 1820. From 1992, restoration of the abbey church and of the refectory has been undertaken.

</doc>
<doc id="21444018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444018" title="Baker baronets">
Baker baronets

There have been four creations of baronetcies with the surname Baker. They are listed in order of creation.
Baker of Sisinghurst, Kent (1611).
A family with the surname of Baker settled in Kent at Cranbrooke in the 14th century. In 1480 Sir John Baker (1488-1558), Attorney General, Speaker of the British House of Commons and Chancellor of the Exchequer, acquired an estate at Sissinghurst where his son Richard Baker (1528-1574) built Sissinghurst Castle. A grandson of Sir John was Richard Baker (chronicler).
The Baronetcy was created in the Baronetage of England on 29 June 1611 for Henry Baker of Siissinghurst Castle grandson of Richard Baker. The second Baronet served as High Sheriff of Kent in 1635. The Baronetcy was extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1661.

</doc>
<doc id="21444025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444025" title="Son Jaliscience">
Son Jaliscience

Son Jaliscience is a version of Mexican Son music from which modern mariachi music is derived. This "son" also relied on the same basic instruments, rhythms and melodies as the sons of Veracruz and other locations, using the same string instruments. By the 19th century, Son Jalisiensce developed to be played with one vihuela, two violins and a guitarrón (which replaced the harp). The best known song of this type of "son" is called “La Negra”. Modern mariachi developed when brass instruments such as trumpets were added.
It has both instrumental and versed songs in this form, mostly in major keys. It is performed by mariachi ensembles. It has an alternating rhythmic pattern in the armonía (guitars, vihuela) and guitarrón. Basic pattern consists of one measure of 6/8 with the next measure of 3/4.

</doc>
<doc id="21444045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444045" title="Anna of Württemberg">
Anna of Württemberg

Anna of Württemberg (; Stuttgart, 12 June 1561 – Chojnów, 7 July 1616), was a German princess, member of the House of Württemberg, and by her two marriages Duchess of Oława-Wołów and Legnica.
She was the daughter of Christoph, Duke of Württemberg, by his wife Anna Maria, daughter of George, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach.
Life.
In Brzeg on 16 September 1582, Anna married with John George, second son of George II the Pious, Duke of Brzeg. The couple had two children, a son and a daughter, but both died shortly after the birth.
Duke George II died on 7 May 1586 and his two sons inherited only Oława-Wołów as co-rulers, because he left Brzeg to his widow Barbara as her "Oprawa wdowia". Anna and her husband settled their residence in Oława. John George died there six years later, on 6 July 1592.
In her husband's will, Anna received the Duchy of Oława as her "Oprawa wdowia", with full sovereignty until her own death. However, two years later, on 24 October 1594, Anna remarried with the twice widower Duke Frederick IV of Legnica. According to the terms of the "Oprawa wdowia" the beneficiary lost her lands if she remarried or became a nun (the self-resignation wasn't count). In consequence, Anna was stripped of the government over Oława, which was retaken by Joachim Frederick, the brother of her first husband.
Duke Frederick IV died on 27 March 1596, after only seventeen months of childless marriage. Anna, widow for second time, retired to Chojnów, where she died twenty-years later.

</doc>
<doc id="21444054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444054" title="Bureau of International Labor Affairs">
Bureau of International Labor Affairs

The Bureau of International Labor Affairs (ILAB) is an operating unit of the United States Department of Labor which manages the Department's international responsibilities. According to its mission statement:
"“The Bureau of International Labor Affairs leads the U.S. Department of Labor's efforts to ensure that workers around the world are treated fairly and are able to share in the benefits of the global economy. ILAB's mission is to improve global working conditions, raise living standards, protect workers' ability to exercise their rights, and address the workplace exploitation of children and other vulnerable populations. Our efforts help to ensure a fair playing field for American workers and contribute to stronger export markets for goods made in the United States.”" 
ILAB promotes the economic security and stability of United States workers in international affairs and provides advice and statistics on policy decisions which have U.S. labor concerns. The Bureau also represents the United States at trade negotiations and at international bodies like the International Labor Organization (ILO), the World Trade Organization (WTO), and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). It also provides technical assistance to foreign countries in the interest of benefiting the United States and additionally works with other government agencies to combat child labor and human trafficking abroad and in the United States. 
The Bureau of International Labor Affairs is located in the Frances Perkins Building, Room C-4325, 200 Constitution Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20210. It is currently under the direction of Deputy Undersecretary for International Affairs Carol Pier.
History.
The Bureau of International Labor Affairs was formed October 10, 1947, during the administration of President Harry S. Truman under the direction of Lewis B. Schwellenbach as a means to formally institutionalize the international directives of the Department of Labor. Since its creation, ILAB has helped pass the Trade Agreements Act of 1979, aided the introduction of the United States of America into the International Labor Organization (ILO), and administered the North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation (NAALC), the portion of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) which dealt with trade relations and required the establishment of a department in each member state to provide information about labor conditions in that country.
Child labor, human trafficking and forced labor.
In 1993, the United States Congress directed the Secretary of Labor, Robert Reich at the time, to identify foreign industries and countries which export goods to the United States which were produced using child labor. Responsibility for this project was given to ILAB which published the first of its reports on the subject: The Sweat and Toil of Children: The Use of Child Labor in American Imports. 
In 1999, President Bill Clinton signed Executive Order 13126 which prohibited the purchase of items which were produced by forced or indentured labor. It also authorized the Department of Labor to compile a list of items and their respective countries which would be banned. This fell under the purview of the Bureau of International Labor Affairs. The current list, as compiled by ILAB, consists of 31 products including bamboo, beans, cocoa, coffee, nuts, rice, rubber, shrimp, and sugarcane. The products come from countries such as Afghanistan, Argentina, Benin, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Burma, China, Colombia, Congo, Ethiopia, Ghana, India, Ivory Coast, Mali, Nepal, Nigeria, Pakistan, Russia, Sierra Leone, Tajikistan, Thailand and Uzbekistan. As of 2004, ILAB has spent more than $250 million to combat child labor since 1995.
On April 10, 2009, the Bureau of International Labor Affairs announced a letter of intent to "Fund International Child Labor Elimination Projects in Fiscal Year 2009" this involves the awarding of merit-based "cooperative agreement awards" to organizations seeking to fund projects to combat child labor through education. It is intended that $20 million be budgeted for this purpose. These efforts will be focused in the countries of Guatemala, Indonesia, Nepal, and Rwanda.
International technical cooperation.
ILAB provides technical assistance with other countries in the areas of technical expertise, worker health, and working conditions with the goal of benefiting U.S. foreign policy. This program began in the aftermath of World War II when the Department of Labor taught German trade unionists to assist in European reconstruction efforts. 
In 1975, ILAB worked with the Government of Saudi Arabia to develop a vocational training program and in 1989, after the passage of the Support for Eastern European Democracy Act (SEED), ILAB aided economies that were transitioning to a more open economic system to develop labor markets. Additionally, ILAB has undertaken various social initiatives globally including a $10 million project to combat the spread of HIV/AIDS in workers. These initiatives are all aimed at providing stability to an interconnected global economy in which labor issues in foreign countries can have negative effects in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="21444063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444063" title="Midcyru">
Midcyru

Midcyru is a fictional land and is the setting for events that take place in The Night Angel Trilogy. The landscape is composed of many of the normal elements you would find in any natural realm. There is a main body of land, where most of the story takes place, as well as a few outlying islands. Midcyru is split into several small countries each with its own unique peoples, religions, magics and so on.
The continent of Midcyru.
Cenaria.
Cenaria is a kingdom in western Midcyru. Its capital is Cenaria City, which is most well known for its powerful Sa'kagé underworld. Aided by Talented assassins called wetboys, the Cenarian Sa'kagé controls all of the city's illicit trades (smuggling, prostitution, extortion etc.) and plays a notable role in the kingdom's political life, wielding more power than the king himself. By the time of the events described in the books Cenaria has little to no political or military power, being considered by its neighbours to be corrupt and weak. Eastern Cenaria has been occupied by the Lae'knaught Order for a long time.
Cenarians who show Talent can either apprentice as wetboys to become skilled killers for hire or apply to a mage's school in another country.
Most of the trilogy's storyline takes place in this country.
Waeddryn.
A kingdom in central Midcyru ruled by queens from the city of Caernarvon, a center of trade and craftsmanship.
Khalidor.
Khalidor is located in northern Midcyru and ruled by a line of tyrannical Godkings. Its population has been corrupted by the false goddess Khali, who feeds on human suffering. Khalidoran mages (called meisters and Vürdmeisters) use the unnatural vir, powered by a reservoir of magic that is collected from the life energy - or glore vyrden - of everyone who "prays" to Khali. Some Khalidoran Vürdmeisters also know the secrets of raising undead creatures known as krul and every variation thereof.
Ossein.
Ossein is Cenaria's eastern neighbor. The Chantry, a school for female magae, is situated in Ossein.
Alitaera.
A large country in southern Midcyru. The Sho'Fasti mages' school is located there. By the time of the trilogy's story, Alitaera had the most powerful army in Midcyru. The names and titles of Alitaera resemble those of Ancient Rome.
Ceura.
'Ceura' means 'sword' in the natives' tongue. The sa'ceurai are among the most skilled swordsmen in Midcyru, surpassing even Khalidoran Highlanders. The Ceurans have a very strict code of honor and show great respect for skillful and honorable fighters. According to their beliefs, a man's sword is his soul.
While officially a kingdom, Ceura has long been under the rule of Regents. Lantano Garuwashi has been proclaimed King after retrieving Ceur'caelestos, the Blade of Heaven, and Ceura has also acknowledged the rule of the High King.
Some of the Ceuran names sound Japanese, and the code of honor (including a harakiri-like suicide ritual) resembles the ways of the samurai. Its capital city is Aenu.
Friaku.
A country in eastern Midcyru bordering Alitaera and Ymmur. Friaki are fierce warriors divided into clans which are led by goranthi - Talented warriors who go into battle half-naked and seem to resemble berserkers.
Lodricar.
A country in northern Midcyru which has been occupied by Khalidor. Khalidorans and Lodricari dislike each other, but the Lodricari learned to use the vir and make up parts of the Khalidoran Godkings' army. Vürdmeister Neph Dada was a Lodricari.
Modai.
A country in south-western Midcyru. The mages' school of Sho'Cendi is located there. Its capital city is Gan.
The Freeze.
Territories in northern Midcyru populated by barbarian tribes. It is a mystical place- Kylar hears about many mythological creatures that apparently roam the Freeze.
Ymmur.
Ymmur is the name of a country or territory in eastern Midcyru covered by steppes and populated by a nomadic people. They are famous for their mounted archers armed with amazingly powerful Ymmuri shortbows.
Talented Ymmuri can become stalkers, hunters/killers akin to Cenarian wetboys. Unlike wetboys, however, stalkers kill for a cause rather than for money. The way their people are described is similar to the likeness of the people of Mongolia.
Locations outside of Midcyru.
The Island Empire of Seth.
The Sethi come from an archipelago to the west of Midcyru. Their capital is the city of Hokkai. Seth is famous for its wine and for its sailors. Although still called an empire, Seth has lost all of its colonies over time. Sethi names sound vaguely Japanese.
Gandu.
An island-state to the south of Midcyru famous for its healers.
Planga.
Planga is a small island-state near the western shore of Ceura and Modai.
Ladesh.
Ladesh is a large continent/country to the south-west of Midcyru.It is so large that even a Ladeshian duke can hold an estate the size of Cenaria. It holds a monopoly for silk production. The Ladeshian system of titles is based on merit rather than inherited.
Important Places.
Screaming Winds.
A garrison in the mountains separating Cenaria from Khalidor. Screaming Winds consists of three sets of walls that stretch across the only pass large enough to accommodate an army. Screaming Winds fell when the Khalidorians carrying Khali to Cenaria attacked the pass. The only person to survive the attack was Solon Tofusin.
Pavvil's Grove.
A location in Cenaria close to the Ceuran border. The decisive battle between Cenarian rebels and the Khalidoran invaders takes place there.
Black Barrow (Trayethell).
Trayethell was a great city once, but it was devastated and sealed by mighty spells by Jorsin Alkestes when he defended it against Roygaris Ursuul's hordes of undead. For seven centuries the place has been known as Black Barrow and was barren along with most of eastern Khalidor.
After laying hands on Iures, the Staff of Law, Neph Dada managed to break the spells which were woven over Black Barrow (one to prevent the use of vir, one to prevent the re-raising of krul and one to hold a trapped Titan inside). After Neph and Khali were defeated, Trayethell was restored to its former beauty. High King Logan renamed it Elenea in honor of Elene Cromwyll and made it his capital.
Iaosian Forest (Ezra's Wood).
Residence of the Dark Hunter. Every living creature to enter the Wood has been killed by the Dark Hunter, with the exception of Kylar Stern and Durzo Blint, who briefly recovered Curoch from the Wood, and Feir Cousat, who enters attempting to retrieve Curoch (as Ceur'Caelestos, although he only obtains a hilt)
The Chantry (The Alabaster Seraph).
School for magae (female mages) in Ossein and headquarters of the Sisterhood.
Mount Thrall.
Location of the Great Citadel built by the Khalidoran Godkings.
Tlaxini Maelstrom.
The location of the Blue Ka'kari. The Maelstrom appeared when Durzo Blint threw the Ka'kari in the ocean.
Mount Tenji.
An active volcano containing the Red Ka'kari. The volcano was dormant until Durzo Blint threw the Ka'kari into the mouth of the volcano.
Sho'cendi.
Mages' school in Modai.
Sho'fasti.
Mages' school in Alitaera.

</doc>
<doc id="21444070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444070" title="Pavel Nikolaievich Demidov">
Pavel Nikolaievich Demidov

Count Pavel (called Paul) Nikolaievich Demidov (; 6 September 1798 – 25 March 1840) was a Russian nobleman of the Demidov dynasty. 
Life.
The eldest son of Count Nikolai Nikitich Demidov and Baroness Elisabeta Alexandrovna Stroganova, he fought as an officer in his father's regiment and received his baptism of fire at the battle of Borodino in 1812. After the war he entered the Chevalier Guards regiment. In 1828 he purchased the Sancy diamond and he received his discharge in 1831 with the rank of captain, at which point he entered civil service as governor of the province of Kursk. Also in 1831 he founded the Demidov Prize (decided by the Russian Academy of Sciences).
In 1834 he entered service in the Ministry of the Exterior as court Huntsmaster, later State Councillor. In Helsinki on 9 January 1836 he married the well-known society beauty and maid-of-honour to Her Majesty the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna, Aurora Stjernvall (1808–1902) - they had one son, Pavel Pavlovitch Demidov (1839–1885), whose daughter Aurora was mother of Prince Paul of Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="21444075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444075" title="List of IACC regattas">
List of IACC regattas

The following is a list of regattas that involve IACC yachts. International America's Cup Class (IACC) yachts were designed for the America's Cup, with specifications released in 1989 after the debacle of the 1988 America's Cup. Since then they have been used for every America's Cup (except the 2010 America's Cup) as well as a series of other events, such as the IACC Worlds and the Louis Vuitton regattas. The IACC class was not used during the 2010 America's Cup due to a disagreement between defender "Alinghi" and the challenger of record "BMW Oracle". A deed of gift match was instead setup that favored newly designed multihulls, which was won by the trimaran design of BMW Oracle. The IACC class looks set to be finally revised after more than twenty years, just before the next America's Cup, so that the yachts would bring out the best of the crew's sailing abilities over technology. Equalized IACC class yachts are still being match raced to this day and in the near future, through the Louis Vuitton Trophy.
Currently 100 sail numbers have been issued to IACC yachts.
See also.
List of IACC yachts

</doc>
<doc id="21444113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444113" title="Choctawhatchee and Northern Railroad">
Choctawhatchee and Northern Railroad

The Choctawhatchee and Northern Railroad was one of many proposed railroad projects that never made it beyond the planning stage, this one in the northwest Florida Panhandle. Chartered in February 1927 "To construct, acquire, maintain, lease, or operate a line of railroad or railroads from a point between Galliver and Crestview on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad in Okaloosa County, to a point in said county on Choctawhatchee Bay, a distance of approximately ," the line was envisioned as part of a Port Dixie (now Shalimar, Florida) development plan.
History.
On Garnier's Bayou near the present Eglin Air Force Base housing development in Shalimar, a $29,000,000 Port Dixie Harbor and Terminal Company was chartered to build wharves for liners, a rail line north, and a city of one square mile, with streets 100 feet wide. These ambitious plans would not see fruition and no rail was ever laid on this project. 
Use as a deep water port was contingent upon the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dredging East Pass at Destin, the only outlet to the Gulf of Mexico for the Choctawhatchee Bay, and despite claims by the optimistic developers that the ocean liner SS "Normandie" could be berthed without dredging, the Corps determined that the required work to deepen East Pass for deep-water vessels was not feasible. "It is not known for certain whether capital for the railroad was contingent upon a positive report by the Corps of Engineers on the pass proposal or whether the company was simple unable to finance the railroad. In any case, the project died, died with no obituary, no post-mortem." The peak of local interest came in May and June, 1931, when optimistic accounts in the local press reported that in mid-May, M. C. Miller, secretary-treasurer of the "Port Dixie Railroad Line" "revealed that the prospects for an early start on the enterprise were very promising." This positive view was based upon receipt of a letter from J. M. Hodgskins, president, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, stating that necessary groundwork was running ahead of schedule. Details were announced by Hodgskins at a mass meeting attended by some 1,500 in Camp Walton, Florida, as he outlined the grandiose plans including a realty company, railroad, port facilities, shipbuilding plant, steamship lines, a rubber tire plant, a nightclub and townsite. The excitement lasted through the July 3, 1931 publication of an article in the "Okaloosa News-Journal", Crestview, Florida, stating that the port plans had been perfected. After that - nothing. The Corps of Engineers' refusal to dredge doomed the project.
The United States Air Force would later construct a rail line from an interchange with the L&N at Mossy Head, Florida to the main base of Eglin Air Force Base, just north of the envisioned Port Dixie terminus of the Choctawhatchee and Northern. This line opened in late 1951 and operated until about 1980 before being abandoned and partially lifted.

</doc>
<doc id="21444145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444145" title="Agatsuma">
Agatsuma

Agatsuma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21444185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444185" title="K20 Center">
K20 Center

The K20 Center for Educational and Community Renewal is a statewide research and development center located on the research campus of the University of Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="21444222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444222" title="Shawn Z.">
Shawn Z.

Shawn Z. (born on February 27 in Northeast Pennsylvania) is an American Folk Rock/Americana singer and guitarist. He is a member of the Americana Music Association.
Early years.
Shawn's family moved from town to town forcing him to transfer schools all too often throughout the years, adopting the "Gypsy Lifestyle" at a very early age.
Shawn's mother is an avid music fan. Playing her favorite records frequently in the house and having the radio on whenever in the car, Shawn also became very interested in music.
His father was a traveling musician, a guitar player, bass player and vocalist. He traveled across the U.S. in various bands "paying his dues" in the club scene.
Shawn never had a relationship with his father until his early 20's.
At that point, Shawn had a band called "Elmo Lincoln" that played local bars and clubs in Northeast PA. Later changing the name to "South 40". 
One afternoon, while playing a benefit show, his father was also playing with his band at the same show. Shawn and his father finally got together and decided to leave their bands and form a new band called "BFD". 
The band became popular in the Northeast region rapidly.
Finally, Shawn and his father were together and doing what they love.
After ongoing disputes with other band members, they both left the band 8 years later and formed "The Cojones Brothers" - an acoustic duo. Finally performing originals along with favorite cover songs.
"The Cojones Brothers" rose fast on the scene and their schedule became even more demanding for performing.
In 2003, after a drunken dispute at a New Year's Eve show, "The Cojones Brothers" were no more.
It was then that Shawn began performing more solo shows.
Shawn and his father went their separate ways musically, but still performed together for a show once in a while.
His father later died in August 2007.
The Radio Days.
In Shawn's teenage years, he started dj'ing at a local teen center after school and on weekend nights. He then got introduced to radio by his soon to be Step-Father and learned the ropes of an "on-air jock" at WKBG-FM in Hallstead, Pennsylvania.
While in his early high school years, he was asked to come to WTLQ-FM in Pittston, Pennsylvania for overnights on weekends and help with promotions. 
Shawn also started dj'ing at a roller rink in Dallas, Pennsylvania at the same time.
Shawn then moved, once again, to Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania.
After his position at WTLQ-FM had ended, he applied for another radio position at Tunkhannock radio station WEMR. He was accepted immediately for weeknights. It was then the on-air name "Shawn Shannon" was born.
Shawn was still dj'ing at the roller rink, attending school and working full-time nights at WEMR AM&FM when his schedule started to wear him down. He soon left the roller rink dj job.
In 1995, his son, Joseph, was born while he was doing his air shift.
He left right after the phone call and got to the hospital to see his first born.
A few years later, WEMR AM&FM was bought out by the national corporate radio company Citadel Broadcasting. Citadel had decided to abandon the WEMR format and went to simulcast one of their other stations on the WEMR frequencies. Along with the format, many of the staff of WEMR were also let go.
Citadel, however, wanted to keep Shawn on their staff. So they moved him to their Northeast Pennsylvania headquarters to help with current station buyouts, format changes, on-air duties, station imaging help and production duties.
This new position in his radio career didn't really make Shawn happy. After a few years at Citadel, Shawn wanted to expand his skills and changed his radio duties to part-time.
It was then that Shawn started feeling 'something wasn't right' with his health. But let it go. He decided to switch his hours at Citadel to part-time and became full-time at Commonwealth Telephone in their past due accounts department, which freed up some hours, but not many.
After dealing with his increasing health concerns, Shawn finally went to see a doctor. Then discovered he had Lupus and Emphysema.
Those diagnoses forced Shawn to take time off of his daily work schedule and focus on his health while continuing to see specialists for his health issues. Eventually, he found himself seeing doctors and specialists full-time instead of going to work.
In January 2006, Shawn suffered a major vehicle accident, in which he was thrown from a truck doing 75 mph on the highway. This resulted in major brain trauma, memory loss, among more issues. It also heightened his already ongoing health problems. With these additional health concerns, he was now doing daily neurological therapy, physical therapy and more tests.
In January 2008, he was asked to come back to the very same Tunkhannock studios that once was the home of WEMR. Two and a half months later, he learned that his health just wouldn't allow him to take on those hours anymore.
Musical career.
After years with his father in "BFD" and "The Cojones Brothers", Shawn became more anxious to get his original music out to the world.
While talking and writing with friends he met throughout his radio years and travels, they convinced him to make a record and "give it a shot".
So, in October 2004, Shawn caught up with old friends Bret Alexander, Paul Smith and Ron Simasek from Pennsylvania local and national recording artist favorites "The Badlees".
They got together in Bret's studio "Saturation Acres" and recorded 9 songs. That recording became Shawn's debut independent release "Wishful Drinkin'" released in January 2005. Ever since that day, the band stuck together under the name "Gypsy".
Wishful Drinkin' reached #11 while on the Americana charts for 14 weeks, with radio play across the world on Americana and NPR stations, as well as on Sirius & XM Satellite radio.
Singles such as "Wishful Drinkin'", "Been Down" and "Talking Cover Band Blues" quickly became radio favorites. Along with the new 'Outlaw' version of P.F. Sloan's "Eve of Destruction".
With the great reception on the Americana music scene, Shawn became a member of the Americana Music Association.
At the beginning of 2008, Shawn and the Gypsy band decided to go back in the studio. This time, he had long time friend and former WEMR General Manager Jim Petrie as a co-writer on many of the songs recorded. Jim also came with a long background in songwriting and working in the music business.
Together, they decided to name this recording "Saint Jude Avenue". Which was released Sept. 2008. Singles "Poison Water", "Half Baked" and "Uncle Willie" are among the radio favorites, as well as single download favorites on mp3 stores.

</doc>
<doc id="21444226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444226" title="Flag of the President of Romania">
Flag of the President of Romania

The Standard of the President of Romania is the official flag and symbol used to represent the President of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="21444237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444237" title="Kart's food">
Kart's food

Kart's in an established food brand in Malaysia specializing in Malaysian ethnic food and finger food snacks as well. The company was established in 1988, it started as a home-based industry, and now claims to be a market leader in its category in Malaysia and several other countries.
Kart's borrowed its name from the wife of the founder, Kartini who was instrumental in creating Kart's Roti Canai (a Malaysian hand tossed layered flatbread) as it is today.
Kart's wide product range are processed and packed in two manufacturing centres in Shah Alam and Kota Bharu, Kelantan.

</doc>
<doc id="21444258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444258" title="G Sat">
G Sat

G Sat ("Global Satellite") is a subscription-based Direct-To-Home (DTH) satellite television service commercially available in the Philippines. G Sat is owned by Global Broadcasting and Multimedia Inc. (GBMI) and First United Broadcasting Corporation, registered in the Philippines with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
It is operated and managed by international and professional management groups engaged in the business of: satellite wireless transmission, WIMAX transmission, landline transmission, satellite internet data transmission, satellite direct-to-home TV operation, terrestrial television operation, broadband data service, head end in the sky operation, content aggregation, production and distribution, consolidation of telecom and broadcasting management. Channel content is received from pgram providers, compressed and broadcast via SES New Skies NSS 11 in DVB and NTSC color format exclusively to its subscribers using the Integrated Receiver-Decoder.
To receive DTH broadcast signals, subscribers must acquire a 60 cm, a satellite dish antenna, an Integrated Receiver-Decoder (IRD) and a Smart Card. IRD is the digital decoder or receiver which is a small sized box required to receive DTH signals. IRD receives the signals from the 60 cm. mini-dish and then decodes it. There is a remote that comes with the IRD that makes it easy to operate. Smart Card performs generation of authorization of EMM and ECM decryption and interpretation to determine whether the consumer shall be granted access to the content. G Sat will be equipped with a conditional access system, employing Conax technology, to secure and protect its broadcast content from signal piracy.
As of 2008, GBMI is currently on the test phase of satellite signal and planned dealership.
Status of competition and controversy.
Dream Satellite TV filed a complaint with the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) against Global Broadcasting and Multimedia, Inc. (G Sat) for offering A DTH service in the Philippines without a franchise and a license from Philippine authorities, namely the Philippine Congress for a broadcast franchise and the NTC for a Certificate of Public Convenience. Aside from Dream, the Lopez group SkyCable an ABS-CBN sister company also filed a similar complaint against GBMI. It argued that GBMI's illegal entry into the industry will result in the unnecessary duplication of an existing service that existing cable TV and DTH-TV service providers already adequately provide.
Channels.
Radio.
http://www.lyngsat.com/Measat-3.html
http://www.radyonatin.com/
http://www.eradioportal.com/asxfile/radyonatin.asx

</doc>
<doc id="21444263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444263" title="Hans Kuhn">
Hans Kuhn

Hans Kuhn (born 5 December 1919, died 25 November 2012) was a Swiss chemist. He was professor emeritus for physical chemistry and former scientific director at the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry (Karl Friedrich Bonhoeffer Institute) in Göttingen.
Biography.
Curriculum.
Hans Kuhn was born in Berne, Switzerland. He studied chemistry at the ETH Zürich and worked for his doctorate at University of Basel under the guidance of Werner Kuhn (not related). He received his habilitation in 1946. From 1946 until 1947 he worked as a postal doctoral fellow with Linus Pauling at Caltech in Pasadena and in 1950 with Niels Bohr in Copenhagen. In 1951, he became professor at the University of Basel. He was appointed in 1953 as professor and director of the Institute of Physical Chemistry of the Philipps University of Marburg where he stayed until 1970. Then he was at the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry (Karl Friedrich Bonhoeffer Institute) in Göttingen as director of the department 'Molecular Systems Assembly' until his retirement 1985.
Fritz Peter Schäfer, Peter Fromherz, Horst-Dieter Försterling, Viola Vogel and Dietmar Möbius were among Hans Kuhn's students. Erwin Neher was member in his department 'Molecular Systems Assembly'.
Hans Kuhn got married to Elsi Hättenschwiler 1948. Their four children are Elisabeth, Andreas, Eva and Christoph. Elsi died 2004.
Scientific research.
Hans Kuhn began to work for his doctorate by investigating decoiling of a random coiled chain molecule in a flowing viscous solvent. Werner Kuhn suggested him to replace the random coil by a dumbbell-model. Hans Kuhn was fascinated by the model's simplicity and by its great success in theoretically analyzing a broad variety of experiments in quantitative terms. This experience and his postdoctoral work with Linus Pauling and Niels Bohr, supported this fascination for powerful simple models and was determining for his life's work in research. 
Polymer molecules were described as chains of statistical chain elements. The preferential statistical elements were defined in 1943. Today the preferental element is called Kuhn length, in the recent textbook "Principles of Physical Chemistry" it is simply called statistical chain element. Hans Kuhn made expriments with macroscopic models of random coils to describe the behavior in flowing liquids more accurately than based on the dumbbell-model. 
In Pauling's lab Hans Kuhn was trying to understand the color of polyenes by describing π-electrons as particles in a box and he was greatly disappointed - it did not work. Later, when applying the model to cyanine dyes he observed a quantitative agreement with experiment. 
Today the model is called free electron model (FEMO). He saw the reason why he had failed in polyenes: an instability when assuming equal bonds leads to an alternation between single- and double-bonds caused by
the condition of self-consistency between bond length and π-electron density distribution. He justified this assumption by finding agreement between measured and theoretically predicted absorption spectra. Later this assumption was theoretically verified. This effect is often called Peierls instability: starting from a linear chain of equally spaced atoms Peierls considered first order perturbation theory with Bloch wave functions showing the instability, but he did not consider the self-consistency resulting in the transition to alternation of single and double bonds. The particular properties of conducting polymers are based on the theoretical relation between bond alternation and equalization. The FEMO and its improvements led to a theory on the light absorption of organic dyes. In Marburg, shortly before the age of digital computers, Hans Kuhn and Fritz Peter Schäfer developed an analogue computer to solve the 2-dimensional Schrödinger equation. This room-filling analogue computer was applied by Kuhn's research group to calculate bond lengths in π-electron systems.
In the beginning of the 1960s Hans Kuhn thought about a new paradigm in chemistry: the synthesis of different molecules which fit structurally into each other in such a way that they form planned functional units (supramolecular machines). His research group constructed simple prototypes of supramolecular functional units by advancements of the Langmuir–Blodgett films. Such films are known today under the name Langmuir–Blodgett-Kuhn-films (LBK-films) or Langmuir–Blodgett-Kuhn-(LBK)-layers. The many different techniques to manipulate systems of monolayers were developed in close cooperation of Hans Kuhn and Dietmar Möbius. Thus the layers should be called Langmuir–Blodgett-Möbius-Kuhn -(LBMK)-layers.
In close correspondence to the objective of constructing supramolecular functional units he (now at the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen) approached theoretically the origin of life: modelling a hypothetical chain of many small physical-chemical steps that leads to the genetic apparatus. Some steps are of particular significance, such as the step initiating the transition from a multiplcation and translation apparatus into a multiplcation, transcription and translation apparatus. This genetic apparatus agrees in the basic structure and in the mechanism with the biological multiplication and translation apparatus. The skill of the experimentalist building supramolecular machines is replaced in life's origin by very particular conditions given by chance in a very particular location on the prebiotic earth and elsewhere in the universe driving the process.
The unifying paradigm has led to construct supramolecular machines and to invent a pathway leading to an apparatus based on the same mechanism as the genetic apparatus of bio-systems. This required thinking in terms of strongly simplifying theoretical models describing complex situations. Important new methods were invented and developed in several laboratories. This caused a divergence - supramolecular chemistry, molecular electronics, systems chemistry and important contributions to nano-technology.
During his retirement Hans Kuhn developed (with his son Christoph and with Horst Dieter Försterling) his early work on π-electron density (a precursor of the Density functional theory (DFT)) to a very useful approximation called BCD method (bondlength consistent with total π-electron density method). He contributed in understanding Photosynthesis of Purple bacteria, the proton pump of Halobacterium, and the ATP synthase motor.
Honours and awards.
The items of this list are accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="21444267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444267" title="Juan Jesús Martínez Espinoza">
Juan Jesús Martínez Espinoza

Juan Jesús Martínez Espinoza (born December 28, 1959), is a Mexican national being held in prison in Argentina on drug charges. 
Early life.
Martinez Espinoza was born in Apatzingán, Michoacán on December 28, 1959 to Jesús Preciado and Juana Espinoza. His mother Juana was later remarried to Vicente Martínez after his father died. Martínez adopted all of Espinoza's children, giving them his last name.
Family.
Martinez Espinoza is married to Rosalba Soltero Naranjo (born July 23, 1961) of Tecolotlán, Jalisco. They have two children, Rosalba Adriana Preciado and Jessica Preciado Soltero.
Business.
From 1979 to 1986, Martínez Espinoza worked at a business in a wholesale market called "La Michoacana" in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Due to his success, he opened another outlet in the Ponceano Arriaga market, also in Guadalajara. From 1986 to about 1990, he headed a shoe factory in Guadalajara named "Jessica" after his youngest daughter. After 1990, he started a small chain of car washes, also named "Jessica" in Guadalajara. During the 1990s, he opened a car wash called "Sales Apatzingan" in Santa Ana, California and a "taquería" or taco restaurant named "Apatzingan"in Anaheim, California.
Since the late 1990s, Martínez Espinosa has worked selling and exporting leather and leather products with the company "Arte Mexicano con Vida S. A.". He has promoted small businesses in León, Guanajuato, helping them band together to export leather products. In 2008 he started "Verona S.A. de C.V." to sell leather products.
Drug charges.
In July 2008, Martínez Espinosa was accused of making and selling methamphetamine. He was arrested while sleeping at a hotel in Asunción, Paraguay on October 2, 2008. His wife and youngest daughter were the first family in Argentina to raise their voice in defense of Espinoza's case. He denies all charges. He is being held in a prison in Marcos Paz, Unidad Penitenciaria Federal II de Marcos Paz, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="21444273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444273" title="Arpa jarocha">
Arpa jarocha

The arpa jarocha is a harp from Veracruz, Mexico. It is one of the main instruments in a conjunto jarocho, a type of Mexican folk ensemble and is most associated with performing sones jarochos, a musical style that blends Spanish and African-influenced rhythms. The arpa is typically heard providing the main melodies, while instruments such as the jarana guitar and the requinto provide basic rhythms or counter-melodies.
Origins.
The Spaniards brought the baroque harp to the New World, and in most places where they landed throughout Mexico, Central and South America, various forms of folk harp took root with the indigenous people. The arpa jarocha is one of the various forms of harp that evolved from models introduced by the Spanish in 1521. Originally, Spanish harps in the New World were played only in religious context, such as during masses and other religious observances. The indigenous people of Veracruz had never before seen stringed instruments before the Conquest, and they adapted the Spanish harp and created what became known as the arpa jarocha, a small harp that was played while seated, just as the Spanish harps were. It was not until the 20th century that the arpa jarocho grew in dimension to encompass 36 strings and to be played while standing. The harps that had developed in Western Mexico, namely in Jalisco and Michoacán, influenced a harpist and luthier in Veracruz named Andres Alfonso Vergara to build a large harp, and it gained popularity among the harpists of the day, being as broadcasting was in its rise. The popular harpist Andrés Huesca had already begun using a Jalisco harp, and Don Andrés made him an arpa jarocha in the new large size. He continued to play the large Veracruz harp after that. Now the arpa jarocha can be found in Mexico City, Tijuana, Southern California, and many other locations. Some references have stated incorrectly that the arpa jarocha was used in Jalisco, Michoacán, and among the Chamula Indians; this is incorrect. Each of those regions developed their own adaptation of the baroque Spanish harp. Also, there were regional harps in Zacatecas and in the North with the Yaqui Indians of the northern desert and southwest US. 
Construction and Design.
It is a wooden harp with 32-36 strings tuned diatonically over five octaves. The performer plays a bass line on the low strings with one hand and supplies arpeggiated melodies on the higher strings with the other hand. The top of the soundbox on this instrument arches outward, due to the tension of the strings. Unlike other Mexican harps, the arpa jarocha has its sound holes located on the back of the sound box instead of on the front. In Michoacàn, the harps have a large sound box and while one player plucks the strings, another player will use the sound board like a drum. The Chamula Indians' harp was much smaller with a wide section of mid-range strings missing; most harps have bass strings and high strings, so this particular harp would have many of the middle stings absent.

</doc>
<doc id="21444298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444298" title="Sperantza Vrana">
Sperantza Vrana

Sperantza Vrana (; 6 February 1928 – 29 September 2009) was a Greek actress and writer. 
She was born as Elpida Homatianou ("Ελπίδα Χωματιανού") in Messolongi on 6 February, either in 1926 or 1932. She wrote several books with the most famous autobiogrqaphy "Tolmo" ("Τολμώ", "I Dare"). She died of a heart attack on 29 September 2009, aged 81.

</doc>
<doc id="21444359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444359" title="List of highest points in Nevada by county">
List of highest points in Nevada by county

This is a list of highest points in the U.S. state of Nevada, in alphabetical order by county.

</doc>
<doc id="21444388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444388" title="Robert Luttrell">
Robert Luttrell

The Robert Luttrell who settled on the banks of the Liffey near Dublin at Luttrellstown, was in 1226 treasurer of St. Patrick's Cathedral, and in 1236 was Lord Chancellor of Ireland. There is mention of a Michael Luttrell in 1287, who owned the same estate at the close of the century, and later in 1349 of a Simon Luttrell, who died in the possession of the property. The next owner whose name we have is Robert Luttrell, who married a daughter of Sir Elias de Ashbourne, of Devon, England, and by this marriage added materially to his already large estate.
It is not certain whether the head of the Irish branch was a son or a brother of Sir Geoffrey, but it is reasonable that he bore either the one or the other relation, for the reason that the lands of Luttrellstown secured by royal grant by Sir Geoffrey were from this time (of Geoffrey's death) owned by Sir Robert Luttrell, head of the Irish branch, who lived at Lucan, near Dublin, and that it remained in the family until the early part of the nineteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="21444416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444416" title="SPTBN5">
SPTBN5

Spectrin, beta, non-erythrocytic 5 also known as SPTBN5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "SPTBN5" gene. SPTBN5 belongs to the spectrin family of cytoskeletal proteins.
Structure and function.
SPTBN5 contains the following domains:
Based on these structural features it is thought that SPTBN5 is likely to form heterodimers and oligomers with alpha-spectrin and to interact directly with cellular membranes.
SPTBN5 is highly expressed in embryoid bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="21444421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444421" title="Roberta Flack discography">
Roberta Flack discography

This discography documents albums and singles released by American recording artist Roberta Flack.

</doc>
<doc id="21444449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444449" title="Rob Wheway">
Rob Wheway

Rob Wheway is a British politician and member of the Liberal Party. He was President of that party during 2009-2010, and is currently a member of its National Executive Council.
From 2004 to 2008 Mr Wheway was a Liberal councillor on Wyre Forest District Council, representing the Broadwaters ward.

</doc>
<doc id="21444462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444462" title="J. A. Milton Perera">
J. A. Milton Perera

J. A. Milton Perera (1929– October 24, 1991) was a leading playback singer of Sri Lankan cinema during the 1960s and 1970s. 
Milton was born on May 9, 1929 the son of J. A. Edwin Perera, also known as Tabla Podi Appuhamy, an accomplished tabla player. Inspired by his father, Milton became proficient on the tabla at a young age. 
In 1940, Milton sang his first song for Radio Ceylon, "Alehi Bendi Jeewitha". It was written by Aloy Gunawardena around a Mohamed Sally melody. He subsequently had several popular songs on the radio, "Podi Kale Api Denna," "Oba Wewa Wewa Pahana Mage", "Sikuru liya Komala liya" and "Kalyaniye." 
Milton debut to playback singing came with a song on "Kurulu Bedda" (1961). In his 30 year career in the field, he provided his voice to actors like Gamini Fonseka, Joe Abeywickrama, Tony Ranasinghe, Vijaya Kumaratunga, Ananda Jayaratne, D. R. Nanayakkara, Anthony C. Perera and Stanley Perera in such films as "Adata Wediya Heta Hondai", "Dheewarayo", "Yatagiya Dawasa", "Allapu Gedara", "Bicycle Hora", "Daru Duka", "Sarawita", "Ataweni Pudumaya", "Chandiya" and "Deiyange Theenduwa".
Milton died on October 24, 1991. In memory of Milton, Perera Priyankara Perera and Chalaka Chamupanthi Perera continue to perform J.A Milton Perera's songs in his memory
External links.
Milton Perera - මිල්ටන් පෙරේරා Songs on line

</doc>
<doc id="21444467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444467" title="Ventspils Castle">
Ventspils Castle

Ventspils Castle () is located in Ventspils, Latvia. It is one of the oldest and most well-preserved Livonian Order castles remaining, in that it has retained its original layout since the 13th century. Through its 700 year history, it has been used as a fortress, residence, garrison, school, military base, and prison. In 1995, the castle was restored to its 19th-century appearance, and was converted into a museum.
History.
Ventspils castle was built in the second half of the 13th century, and controlled by the Livonian Order until the mid-16th century. As a part of the Duchy of Courland, the castle was the residence of the city master, but during the Polish-Swedish War it was destroyed. 
After reconstruction in 1650, the chapel became a Lutheran church (1706–1835) and later a Russian Orthodox church (1845–1901), but the rest of the castle remained largely unused. In 1832 the 3rd floor was converted into a prison, which closed in 1959. After World War II, the castle was used for various administrative purposes, and occupied by the Soviet Army border patrol until the 1980s. 
In 1997, the castle was restored, and in 2001 the permanent exhibition of the Ventspils museum opened in the tower. Today the castle hosts concerts and art exhibitions as well.
Architecture.
The original Order castle was built as a fortress, with a tower, defensive walls, and a large interior courtyard with garrisons and storehouses. At first, the tower had two stories with a weapons storeroom in the attic, but the 3rd, 4th, and 5th floors were added over time. The castle was destroyed in the Polish-Swedish War, and only the freestanding tower survived. 
The castle was rebuilt in the 1650s as it appears today, a Convent-type building, with four adjoining apartments surrounding a rectangular interior courtyard. In 1798 the tower roof was given a baroque-style spire, and later a lookout post was added. The interior changed somewhat in the 19th century, when many larger interior spaces were walled off into smaller chambers for the prison, and the exterior was painted. In 1997 restoration began. Today, the 1st floor and Tower remain much as they were, while the 3rd has been altered the most. Visitors can climb the tower to the 5th floor for a panoramic view of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21444504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444504" title="List of Dominican Provinces by date of provincehood">
List of Dominican Provinces by date of provincehood

The following table presents a listing of the Dominican Republic's provinces and the dates of their creation.
Extinct Province.
There were two provinces that are extinct in the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="21444520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444520" title="Shannon Lark">
Shannon Lark

Shannon Lark (born July 16, 1982 in San Diego, California) is an American Writer, Dancer, Director, Producer, professional Scream Queen, and Film Festival Director. Lark was the first ever Fangoria Magazine "Spooksmodel" and has publicly advocated the advancement of the female role in horror cinema as the founder of The Chainsaw Mafia, a website dedicated to lesser-known artists in the genre to collaborate and showcase their work, and the Viscera Film Festival, a non profit horror film festival for women.
Career.
Lark spent the following years studying the formulas of horror film, as well as investigating the various aspects of filmmaking itself while working at REEL Video in Berkeley, CA. Teaming up with the Primitive Screwheads, Lark performed as Annie in "splatter theatre" productions of "Evil Dead: LIVE" for two years in a row. She also starred as Elsa in "Re-Animator" and "Little Red vs. the Undead" as Little Red Riding Hood. In 2006, Lark left the Primitive Screwheads and ventured onto directing, producing, and starring as Nancy Thompson in "The Elm St Murders," which used 18 gallons of fake blood sprayed at the audience, custom Freddy Gloves by Special FX Artist Devon Ryan, and the audience was pulled out of chairs, thrown in Freddy's path, and covered in pillow feathers. The show ran for 6 months at the DNA Lounge and Club 6 in San Francisco, ending with a Halloween show at Stanford University.
Her second attempt at the art of filmmaking was with the short "Babies For Breakfast", followed soon by "Marburg", a 16-minute horror docudrama about an ebola-like disease. From those early cinematic experiments Shannon has moved on to appearing within numerous independent and short films such as "The Cleaner", "Rated R for Zombies", and "It’s My Birthday". Her feature films include "Mr. Cleaver", "Retardead" (2008), and "Walking Distance" (2009) in which she stars alongside genre veterans Reggie Bannister and Debbie Rochon. Dubbed “San Francisco’s gore gore girl” by the media, Shannon is an established advocate for the female presence within horror cinema. The first ever women only horror film festival, "Viscera Film Festival", is an annual event showcasing horror cinema as exclusively created by women.
From the years 2005-2008 Shannon was a featured dancer in the Living Dead Girlz, a horror themed troupe combining burlesque and choreographed dancing arterial splatter theater. The troupe was featured in the 2007 film "Brains". Shannon runs "The Chainsaw Mafia", a production company focused on horror film and splatter theater. The Chainsaw Mafia is also a website for networking writers, filmmakers, and various artists within the horror genre. In 2008, Shannon became the first ever “Spooksmodel” for Fangoria Magazine, ruling with its crown of gore from 2008-2009. The “Spooksmodel” appeared at every Fangoria Weekend of Horrors convention as well as appearing in the printed magazine promoting its various functions. In 2011, it was announced that Shannon would star in "Towers of Terror", a zombie film set in the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21444555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444555" title="Lindeman Lake (Chilkoot Trail)">
Lindeman Lake (Chilkoot Trail)

Lindeman Lake, also known as Lake Lindeman, is a lake on the Chilkoot Trail in far northwestern British Columbia, Canada. Located just south of Bennett Lake and northeast of the summit of the Chilkoot Pass, from which direction it is fed by Lindeman Creek. Lakes Lindeman and Bennett were key components of the Chilkoot Trail during the Klondike Gold Rush, with both seeing hundreds of vessels built to transit their waters and camp-town "cities" grown up on their shores. Lindeman was located at the south end of Lindeman Lake, while Bennett, often known as Bennett City, was at the south end of Lake Bennett. 

</doc>
<doc id="21444563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444563" title="I Got the Feeling (Today song)">
I Got the Feeling (Today song)

I Got the Feeling is a Hip hop song released as a single by the Motown artists Today. The first track on Today's album titled ""New Formula"", the single was released on August 17, 1990 on both vinyl and cassette. The song peaked at #12 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It was featured in the 2004 video game, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas on the New Jack Swing radio station, .

</doc>
<doc id="21444567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444567" title="Awake? (Zao album)">
Awake? (Zao album)

Awake? is the tenth studio album by metalcore band Zao. It was released on May 5, 2009, on Ferret Records. It contains nine new tracks and a re-recording of the track "Romance of the Southern Spirit". Only 8,000 physical copies of the album were made. Each copy is numbered and has six interchangeable covers.

</doc>
<doc id="21444568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444568" title="Ollerenshaw">
Ollerenshaw

Ollerenshaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21444573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444573" title="Firestone Institute for Respiratory Health">
Firestone Institute for Respiratory Health

The Firestone Institute for Respiratory Health (FIRH) is a world-renowned center for the investigation and treatment of respiratory diseases. Based out of St. Joseph's Healthcare in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, the institute is a clinical facility with strong research directions. FIRH faculty are also heavily involved at McMaster University with education at the undergraduate, graduate, post-graduate and continuing medical education levels.
History.
Founded in 1978 as the Firestone Regional Chest and Allergy Unit (FRCAU), the institute was designated as the Regional Referral Center by the District Health Council. The institute has maintained this designation, and as of 2006, it services the Hamilton Niagara Haldimand Brant Local Health Integration Network, a community of 1.4 million people. The institute's research developed in collaboration with clinical activities in order to comprehensively investigate mechanisms and outcomes. Accordingly, a number of asthma and COPD initiatives were launched, including the development of standardized techniques for symptom assessment, airflow limitation and bronchial hyperresponsiveness. Further investigations have included studies of exercise and allergen-induced bronchoconstriction as well as epidemiological studies examining the relationship between prevalence of respiratory illness and pollution. From 2004-2005, the institute was relocated to four floors of the brand new Juravinski Innovation Tower, where more modern research laboratories and expanded clinical facilities were available.
In early March 2009, Firestone researchers demonstrated that an experimental drug, mepolizumab can help reduce eosinophil production in sufferers of severe asthma. The study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that treatment with mepolizumab allowed these patients to cut back on treatments of prednisone.
Education.
The FIRH has trained over 100 graduate students and post-doctoral fellows. In addition to this, the FIRH faculty currently teach numerous undergraduate and postgraduate courses at McMaster University.
Research Pursuits.
The following is a list of the research areas currently being investigated at the FIRH:

</doc>
<doc id="21444579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444579" title="Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Buenos Aires Grand Prix may refer to one of two former sporting events:

</doc>
<doc id="21444616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444616" title="South Korean presidential election, 1992">
South Korean presidential election, 1992

The 14th South Korean presidential election took place on 18 December 1992. This was the second democratic election since 1971; voter turnout was 81.9%. 
Background.
On 22 January 1990, two opposition leaders Kim Young-Sam and Kim Jong-Pil led their parties merged into the ruling party Democratic Justice Party, formed as Democratic Liberal Party, led by President Roh Tae-woo. Before merged Roh's party did not have a majority in National Assembly. After merged they had over two-thirds majority, which could pass all the bills without any obstruct from the opposition. This was angry to Kim Dae-Jung, who had been three times force to go on a hunger strike. In 1992, businessman Chung Ju-yung came into join the elections.
Results.
The right-wing conservative Democratic Liberal Party presidential candidate Kim Young-Sam won the presidential election, defeated opposition leader Kim Dae-Jung, which was his third time to be defeated. Kim later announced to retire from politics. The conservative party won the election continued to hold the government until 1998, when Kim Dae-Jung won the elections.

</doc>
<doc id="21444668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444668" title="René Lépine">
René Lépine

René G. Lépine, Sr. (October 23, 1929 – April 18, 2012) was a Canadian real estate tycoon, developer, businessman and philanthropist. He was the founder of Groupe Lépine, a privately owned real estate company headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, of which he was the Chairman and President. 
He is considered to be one of the all-time largest and most influential real estate developers in Quebec. He had developed over time, more than 20,000 residential units, mainly houses and condominiums, as well as around 5,000 subdivided properties. Combined and adjusted to inflation, his projects are valued at more than $1 billion.
He was the owner and operator of numerous rental buildings and towers in Downtown Montreal. In 1969, he and partner Lorne Webster bought the Le Cartier building on Sherbrooke Street in Montreal from the Montreal Trust Company, through a leveraged buyout, and built the Peel Plaza building right next to it in 1973.
Since the 1960s, he built more than 1,500 houses in Montreal's Hampstead, Westmount and Côte Saint-Luc areas, as well as over 10,000 condominium units across Canada and the United States.
Lépine developed many buildings and landmarks in Montreal, including the Olympic Village and the Sanctuaire du Mont-Royal complex.
Since his early 70s, Lépine spent his time between work in Montreal and his other home in Palm Beach, Florida.
He was known for his humble personality and never allowed the release his net worth to fortune-ranking magazines.
Lépine died at his home on April 18, 2012, after a lengthy battle with prostate cancer. 
Early life.
Lépine grew up in Verdun, a working-class neighborhood of Montreal, in a family of 10 children. At age 14, he had to drop out of high school to make money for the family after his father became ill. He worked moving bags of rice for 4 years, and later used the saved money to build a split-level house in Côte Saint-Luc, which was immediately sold by chance to a wealthy bystander. Lépine quickly doubled his money, and started building homes, and eventually incorporated Groupe Lépine in 1953.
Career.
In 1974, he, Joseph Zappia, Gerald Robinson and Andrew Gaty, were directly appointed by the then mayor of Montreal, Jean Drapeau to build the Olympic Village for the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
In 1999, he bought the old YMCA building in Downtown Montreal and built two 50-floor towers originally called "Les Tours Lépine" (Lépine Towers). The project cost approximately $80 million. The towers were later renamed "Le 1200 Ouest" after they were purchased during development in 2005 by the Israel-based company El-Ad Group/Delek Group.
In 2001, he received the "UDI Quebec Award for Excellence in Real Estate" for the redevelopment of the Downtown Montreal YMCA project.
His ultra-luxorious projects, such as the "Sir George Simpson" and the "Sir Robert Peel" are exclusively represented by Sotheby's International Realty.
He was the Chairman of Real Estate for MD Financial and bought over $1 billion worth of properties for the MD Realty Fund.
Business in Russia and assassination threats.
In 1991, Lépine was doing business in Moscow, attempting to expand his business operations to Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union. He was planning to build two projects valued then at $775 million, being one of the first Western companies to develop real estate in Moscow since the Cold War. He was asked by the Government of Canada to build the Canadian embassy in Moscow. He was also asked by the Canadian Government to give a personal tour of Montreal to Yury Luzhkov, the former Mayor of Moscow during his official visit. He also met Mikhail Gorbachev, the then-President of the Soviet Union, during this time in Montreal.
A few years later, all projects planned were dropped after he and one of his sons received anonymous assassination threats that were deemed credible. Lépine decided to leave the country immediately and instantly decided to scrap over $850 million worth of projects. He had not actually started any of the projects and didn't lose much money, although the period was a relatively unproductive 3 years for him and his business.
1999 controversy.
In 1999, one of Lépine's companies purchased land from the Canada Lands Company, a federal crown corporation reporting to Public Works Minister Alfonso Gagliano, for $4 million, less than half its assessed value of $9 million. The terms of the acquisition also required that a large abandoned historical building encumbering the center of the site be renovated and preserved at Lépine's company's expense. Lépine claimed that the city had not agreed to make the roadwork and sewers which cost him $2 million in expenses, bringing the land cost to a fair price. Even though the sale was the result of a public tender for which Lépine's company offered the highest price, the sale still raised questions because Lépine had been a longtime supporter and donor to the Liberal Party of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21444673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444673" title="Inclusive Wicca Tradition">
Inclusive Wicca Tradition

Inclusive Wicca is an eclectic wiccan tradition which developed from the Oak and Mistletoe Teaching Coven founded in 2008 by Australian, Amethyst Treleven.
Incorporation.
The corporate body of the tradition in Australia is the Community Church of Inclusive Wicca Incorporated, which is registered as a church in South Australia with its headquarters in Adelaide. It aims to present Wicca in an open way that adapts to the needs of individual seekers both in Australia and internationally.
Covens and teaching.
CCIWT has both a face-to-face coven, and an online one,
as well as a school of "three degrees" or levels of training.
Publication.
The body produces a quarterly e-magazine, "Spirit and Spell" at low cost which is free to paid up members of the group. It serves the Australian pagan community and appears four times a year to coincide with the Australian sabbats being:

</doc>
<doc id="21444702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444702" title="The Pirate Bay trial">
The Pirate Bay trial

The Pirate Bay trial is a joint criminal and civil prosecution in Sweden of four individuals charged for promoting the copyright infringement of others with the torrent tracking website The Pirate Bay. The criminal charges were supported by a consortium of intellectual rights holders led by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), who filed individual civil compensation claims against the owners of The Pirate Bay.
Swedish prosecutors filed charges on 31 January 2008 against Fredrik Neij, Gottfrid Svartholm, and Peter Sunde, who ran the site; and Carl Lundström, a Swedish businessman who through his businesses sold services to the site. The prosecutor claimed the four worked together to administer, host, and develop the site and thereby facilitated other people's breach of copyright law. Some 34 cases of copyright infringements were originally listed, of which 21 were related to music files, 9 to movies, and 4 to games. One case involving music files was later dropped by the copyright holder who made the file available again on the website of The Pirate Bay. In addition, claims for damages of 117 million kronor (US$13 million) were filed. The case was decided jointly by a professional judge and three appointed lay judges.
The trial started on 16 February 2009 in the district court ("tingsrätt") of Stockholm, Sweden. The hearings ended on 3 March 2009 and the verdict was announced at 11:00 AM on Friday 17 April 2009: Peter Sunde, Fredrik Neij, Gottfrid Svartholm and Carl Lundström were all found guilty and sentenced to serve one year in prison and pay a fine of 30 million SEK (about €2.7 million or US$3.5 million). All the defendants appealed the verdict, and in November 2010 the appeal court shortened the prison sentences, but increased damages.
On 1 February 2012, the Supreme Court of Sweden refused to hear an appeal in the case, prompting the site to change its official domain name from thepiratebay.org to thepiratebay.se.
The Pirate Bay.
The Pirate Bay is a Swedish website that indexes and tracks BitTorrent files. It bills itself as "the galaxy's largest BitTorrent tracker" and is ranked as the 73rd most popular website by Alexa Internet. The website is funded primarily with advertisements shown next to torrent listings. Initially established in November 2003 by the Swedish anti-copyright organization Piratbyrån ("The Piracy Bureau") it has been operating as a separate organization since October 2004.
Police raid on The Pirate Bay.
On 31 May 2006 the Swedish police organized a raid on The Pirate Bay in 12 different premises, confiscating 186 servers and causing it to go offline for three days. Upon reopening, the site's number of visitors more than doubled, the increased popularity attributed to greater exposure through the media coverage. The raid, alleged by The Pirate Bay to be politically motivated and under pressure from the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), was reported as a success by the MPAA in the immediate aftermath but with the website being restored within days and file sharing now firmly in focus in the Swedish media, The Pirate Bay considered the raid "highly unsuccessful" for the site's operation.
The police, however, conducted a preliminary investigation on the confiscated material and by interrogating associated people. In late 2007, a four thousand page report was produced by the prosecutor in preparation for a trial, containing email and SMS messages, payment documents, police interrogation records, and screenshots of The Pirate Bay site.
Trial and courtroom charges.
On 31 January 2008 Swedish prosecutors filed charges against four individuals they associated with The Pirate Bay for "promoting other people's infringements of copyright laws". One of the artists represented by IFPI, Max Peezay, withdrew from the case, decreasing his distributor's compensation demand by 120 000 SEK. Peezay hadn't been asked about participating in the case, and he in fact supports file sharing for private use. Peezay noted however that being unfamiliar with the site, his withdrawal shouldn't be interpreted as a sign of support for their case. The trial began in February 2009. The evidence used in the trial was based on the material acquired in the 2006 raid.
The Swedish national television broadcaster Sveriges Television considered the trial important and provided a live online feed of the entire trial, which had never been done in Sweden before. The live audio and archive sections done in cooperation with Dagens Eko were part of the 24 Direkt program, which became one of their most viewed online content during the trial, second only to Melodifestivalen. The trial was also broadcast live by Swedish public radio.
The defendants referred to the trial as a "Spectrial", which is a portmanteau of "trial" and "spectacle", and set up a blog to inform users on the event. The term has also caught on with some bloggers and supporters.
First day of the trial.
On 16 February 2009 defense lawyer Per E. Samuelson stressed to the court that "file sharing services can be used both legally and illegally". Samuelson argued that "it is legal to offer a service that can be used in both a legal and illegal way according to Swedish law" and that The Pirate Bay's services "can be compared to making cars that can be driven faster than the speed limit". Defense attorney Jonas Nilsson insisted that "the individual Internet users who use Pirate Bay services... must answer for the material they have in their possession or the files they plan to share with others."
Second day of the trial.
On 17 February 2009 (the second day of the trial) half of the charges against The Pirate Bay were dropped. According to defense lawyer Per Samuelson, "This is a sensation. It is very rare to win half the case in just one and a half days and it is clear the prosecutor took strong note of what we said yesterday". Peter Danowsky, legal counsel for the music companies, stated "It's a largely technical issue that changes nothing in terms of our compensation claims and has no bearing whatsoever on the main case against The Pirate Bay. In fact it simplifies the prosecutor’s case by allowing him to focus on the main issue which is the making available of copyrighted works." The prosecutor was unable to prove that the .torrent files brought as evidence were actually using The Pirate Bay's tracker. Furthermore, prosecutor Håkan Roswall did not adequately explain the function of DHT which allows for so-called "trackerless" torrents. These shortcomings in the evidence resulted in prosecutor Håkan Roswall having to drop all charges relating to "assisting copyright infringement", leaving "assisting making available" as the remaining charge. Roswall stated that "everything related to reproduction will be removed from the claim". Sanna Wolk, a doctor in law and researcher at Stockholm University observed that "this is not surprising, at least for those who follow the matter. We knew that The Pirate Bay wasn't making any copies directly".
Third day of the trial.
On the third day of The Pirate Bay trial, prosecution witnesses claimed damages on the basis that it should have obtained worldwide licenses for the content it distributed. Where content wasn't officially available, a Beatles song, for example, it should be charged at 10 times the going rate. This calculation underlines the prosecution's demand for 117 million SEK (US$12.9 million, €10.2 million) in compensation and damages.
"King Kong" defense.
On day three of the trial, defense attorney Per Samuelson presented an argument later dubbed the "King Kong defense":
Samuelson was referring to a real Pirate Bay user who posts via the username "King Kong", who Samuelson hypothesizes could be in Cambodia. He used this scenario to illustrate that Lundström had no control over the actions undertaken by Pirate Bay users. His main objection was that although the prosecutor had said that the accused would be tried individually, he had not once referred to them individually, but always as "them", "they" or "Pirate Bay". Samuelson said the persons behind The Pirate Bay could not be held collectively responsible for a crime committed by other identifiable individuals, such as "King Kong".
The term "King Kong defense" was quickly popularized by blogs, file sharing news feeds, and media reports on the Pirate Bay trial. It has been compared to the Chewbacca defense from the TV series "South Park", citing a reference to the "jungles of Cambodia" as "the kind of extraneous detail that makes the Chewbacca defense hilarious".
In its April verdict, the court found that because the defendants indeed had collective responsibility for the site and knew that some torrent files on it point to copyrighted material, the EU directive does not apply.
Fourth day of the trial.
On 19 February 2009, the fourth day of the trial, Fredrik was questioned several times. It came to the court’s attention that Tobias Andersson, a future witness in the case, was in the court where he was later asked to leave the room. When it was movie industry lawyer Monique Wadsted’s turn, she introduced new evidence without warning. Noting the breach of protocol, the presiding judge asked if it was acceptable for the court to be considering evidence that was not already presented pre-trial.
Fifth day of the trial.
Day five of the proceedings saw conflict as the prosecution again attempted to introduce evidence that had not been shared with both the court and the defense during pre-trial. The defense objected vehemently with defense lawyer Peter Althin equating the tactic to something out of the old Perry Mason TV show. “Suddenly, the door opens and in walks an entirely new witness.” The presiding judge stopped the case to deliberate the matter and found in favor of the defense, instructing the prosecution to immediately hand over all material they planned to use.
The prosecution and the defense spent the remainder of the day delivering conflicting portrayals of the Pirate Bay. The prosecution attempted to show the Pirate Bay as an immensely profitable business that made its money helping others violate copyright law. The defense attempted to show the Pirate Bay as nothing more than a search engine, no different from Google and thus subject to the same protections.
Seventh, eighth and ninth days of the trial.
On days seven to nine, the court heard expert witnesses called by the prosecution and the defense. They cited contradicting academic research on the effects of file sharing on sales in the music and film industry globally
and regionally in Sweden.
Verdict and reactions.
The four operators of the site were convicted by Stockholm district court on 17 April 2009 and sentenced to one year in jail each and a total of 30 million Swedish kronor (approximately US$3.5 million, €2.7 million) in fines and damages. The court found that the defendants were all guilty of accessory to crime against copyright law, strengthened by the commercial and organized nature of the activity. The court, however, never presented its corpus delicti (that is, it never attempted to prove that a crime was committed, but it succeeded in proving that someone was an accessory to that crime). Prosecutor Håkan Roswall cited in his closing arguments a Supreme Court of Sweden opinion that a person holding the jacket of someone committing battery can be held responsible for the battery. In its verdict, the court stated that "responsibility for assistance can strike someone who has only insignificantly assisted in the principal crime", referring to a Supreme Court precedent where an accountant was sentenced for accessory to crime even though his actions were not criminal per se. The court rejected the charge of preparation to crime against copyright law. The lawyers of all four defendants appealed the verdict, with Lundström's lawyers filing their appeal immediately on the day the verdict was given. The entertainment industry lawyers appealed as well, on reintroducing the dismissed charge and on the method of calculating damages, which in their opinion does not fully cover the lost income.
File sharing researcher Daniel Johansson called the ruling the most important file sharing related verdict in Europe so far, comparing it to the Napster verdict in the US. The sentence is the longest ever awarded under Swedish copyright law, and the prison time and damage compensation high by Swedish standards. While most legal experts expected the court to find the defendants guilty, they were surprised at the harsh verdict. Sociology of law professor Håkan Hyden criticised the exceptionally harsh sentence on both the prison time and large amount of compensation awarded, and some legal analysts expect the punishments to be radically lowered in higher courts.
The international public following the trial received the verdict with varying opinions. Some high-profile copyright holders publicly defended the verdict, with former Beatles member Paul McCartney commenting to the BBC that "if you get on a bus, you've got to pay. And I think it's fair, you should pay for your ticket." Mark Mulligan from Forrester Research considered the verdict very important for music industry PR, and copyright holder organisations indeed praised it as a landmark verdict. Likewise, The European Association of Internet Service Providers welcomed the verdict, commending judicial resolution to copyright infringement issues over internet filtering or three strikes policies. "The Economist" went further by criticising that the sentence might not have been strong enough to act as a deterrent for setting up similar services in the future.
Some copyright holders took a different view however: Snow Patrol vocalist Gary Lightbody commented in interview that "they shouldn't have been jailed... the punishment doesn't fit the crime." In a column in Dagens Nyheter, composer and professor Roger Wallis, who was involved in the trial, condemned the verdict and its effects as paralyzing Swedish IT innovation on new ways of doing business.
At the end of May 2009, Swedish Minister for Culture Lena Adelsohn Liljeroth made a speech to The Swedish Society of Popular Music Composers, expressing her opinion that "I was among those pleased about the Pirate Bay verdict." In accordance with the ministerstyre in the Constitution of Sweden, it is unconstitutional for ministers to influence ongoing cases, and many political commentators criticised the minister's statement. Max Andersson, member of the Committee on the Constitution in the Parliament of Sweden, requested the committee to review the incident. The committee pointed out the independence of judicial bodies and the government, and reminded ministers to exercise caution in their statements, but saw no need for further action or comment.
Subsequent events.
Over 25,000 people joined the Swedish Pirate Party in the ten days following the guilty verdict, raising its membership to over 40,000 members and making it the fourth-largest Swedish party by membership count at the time, and the party with the largest youth organisation.
In Stockholm and other cities, the Pirate Party organized protests against the court's verdict. Over 1000 protesters gathered in the streets of Stockholm the following day. Protest leader Malin Littorin-Ferm said "we young people have a whole platform on the Internet, where we have all our social contacts -- it is there that we live. The state is trying to control the Internet and, by extension, our private lives". Pirate Party Chairman Rickard Falkvinge claimed at the protests that "the establishment and the politicians have declared war against our whole generation,"
Following the conviction, the IFPI demanded that Swedish internet service providers block The Pirate Bay, but the ISPs have refused to do this. Jon Karlung, managing director of Bahnhof, stated that "we will not censor sites for our customers; that is not our job. I am against anything that contradicts the principle of a free and open Internet."
Several Swedish file sharing sites have closed voluntarily with The Pirate Bay verdict as a deterrent and as a result of further police investigation.
On April 20, 2009, Anonymous mobilized "Operation Baylout", which included a DDoS attack on the IFPI International website, causing the site to go offline for a few hours. They released a statement asking supporters of file-sharing to refrain from making any industry-related media purchases during the months of April and May.
Two artists originally mentioned in the indictment, Advance Patrol and Max Peezay, later went on to release their work on The Pirate Bay in spring 2009.
Gottfrid Svartholm arrest (2012).
Gottfrid Svartholm, one of the TPB founding members, was arrested on September 2, 2012, in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, while evading Swedish authorities following the 2009 verdict and conviction. A group of Anonymous hackers claimed to have attacked websites and internet systems belonging to the Cambodian government in the wake of the arrest. Although at the time of the arrest an extradition treaty was non-existent between Cambodia and Sweden, negotiations were entered into for the purpose of expelling Svartholm.
Bias allegations.
In mid 2008 after the indictment had been served, it was discovered that the main police investigator in the preliminary investigation had started working for one of the plaintiffs, Warner Brothers, before the date of the indictment. Sunde's lawyer Peter Althin questioned the neutrality and reliability of the preliminary investigation in the event that the investigator had entered the new employment during the investigation, and suspected the job might have been a reward for good work in The Pirate Bay investigation. Althin believed that the investigation might have to be redone if that was the case. The prosecutor Håkan Roswall responded that it wouldn't have posed problems for the investigation because the police were working under his directive, and the investigator's superior officer brushed off the incident as nothing remarkable. Warner Brothers commented merely that the investigator hadn't received any compensation during the time he worked for the Swedish police. According to Roswall, this type of concurrent employment would not be an individual incident, but that the decision of possible bias would be for the court to decide, and that the investigator is not a key witness in the case. The investigator could not be reached during the trial and was taken off the witness list.
Only days before the trial began, one of the three appointed lay judges was discovered to be a member of a composers' association that among others works on protecting copyright. After discussing with judge Tomas Norström the problem the membership could pose to the trial, the composer recused himself from acting as a lay judge in the case and he was replaced with another.
In the aftermath of the trial, presiding judge Tomas Norström, the same judge that ordered the 2006 raid on The Pirate Bay's servers, came under scrutiny after allegations of bias. Sveriges Radio P3 News organized an investigation that found on April 23 that Norström had several engagements with organisations interested in intellectual property issues. Peter Danowsky, Monique Wadsted and Henrik Pontén from the prosecution side are also members of one of the organisations, the Swedish Copyright Association (SFU). Wadsted commented that all intellectual property lawyers in Stockholm are part of the association. According to Norström, the organisations are involved in discussion about copyright, while the earlier lay judges's organisation advocates further copyright protection. Norström however also sits in the board of the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property, which along with the SFU are the Swedish branches of International Association for the Protection of Industrial Property (AIPPI) and Association littéraire et artistique internationale (ALAI). AIPPI's website states that "the objective of AIPPI is to improve and promote the protection of intellectual property on both an international and national basis", and ALAI's president Victor Nabhan commented that his organisation is dedicated mostly to defending copyright holders' interests. Several legal experts have commented that the judge should not have taken the case because of the potential conflict of interest or should at least have mentioned it in the beginning of the trial, and that there are grounds for a retrial. The district court itself however defended judges' membership in these types of organisations, and it is not uncommon for lay judges to even be sitting municipal politicians.
Following the discovery on April 23, Peter Sunde's lawyer Peter Althin announced that he would request for a retrial. The Swedish Parliamentary Ombudsman decided not to investigate the bias since the question had already been requested to be taken up in the Svea Court of Appeal. The court of appeal received the case on May 18 and assigned it to judge Ulrika Ihrfelt. On the question of bias, Ihrfelt stated she was a member of the Swedish Copyright Association in 2005 when working in the supreme court, but didn't consider herself biased because of this. The president of the court was requested to reassign the case, and on May 20 it was reassigned to three judges from another court of appeal department. The district court along with the prosecutor formally defended judges' memberships in these types of organisations as a way to gain knowledge on copyright issues. The court of appeal considered it a priority case, and ruled on June 25 that the judge's memberships do not constitute bias and that there would be no retrial in the district court.
During the preparation for the appeal trial, bias allegations were also made on the court of appeal. In Swedish appeal proceedings for criminal cases where the sentence is greater than a fine, the court usually consists of three professional judges and two lay judges. Judge Ihrfelt, again appointed to the case, informed the parties in mid September 2009 that one of the appointed lay judges is working for the music streaming service Spotify, which is partly owned by record companies. The lay judge himself didn't feel biased because of his work, but prosecuting attorney Danowsky commented that anyone both judging the case and working for Spotify has a conflict of interest. Later on the same week, defense attorney Samuelsson submitted allegations to the appeal court of Ihrfelt and another professional judge being biased for their membership in the same interest groups judge Norström was investigated for. In the court's opinion, the judges' memberships did not constitute bias, whereas the lay judges's impartiality was questionable and he was dismissed. The court's decision was appealed, and in May 2010 the supreme court affirmed the appeal court's decision on the bias question.
Parties.
Plaintiffs.
The criminal charges against The Pirate Bay are directly supported by the following prosecution witnesses:
Appeal.
After sentencing, the defendants decided to appeal the verdict of the first trial. The appeal started on September 28, 2010 and concluded on October 15, 2010. On November 26, 2010, the verdict was announced. In the verdict, the court found that “The Pirate Bay has facilitated illegal file sharing in a way that results in criminal liability for those who run the service.” Under the verdict, the sentences of three of the defendants would be reduced and the total fines would be increased. The fourth defendant, Gottfrid Svartholm, was not present at the time due to medical reasons. His time for appeal expired on 14 October 2011, and the original 2009 sentence became legally binding for him.
The sentence from the appeal traded jail time for increased fines. After the initial trial, each defendant was to serve a year of jail time and pay fines just under 1 million dollars each. After the appeal, Fredrik Neij was sentenced to 10 months, Peter Sunde to 8 months, and Carl Lundstrom to 4 months in prison. The Svea Court of Appeal decided to grant all Nordic companies their full request in compensation for copyright infringement due to The Pirate Bay, with outside companies being granted smaller gains in compensation. The total fine for the three defendants was increased from 32 million Kronor to 46 million Kronor (US$6.5 million) Each defendant was issued different sentences because of individual contribution toward facilitating illegal file sharing. Instead of issuing all defendants the same sentence, they were each judged on their contribution and sentenced accordingly. However, the fine is to be paid by the three defendants present at the sentencing. The verdict was appealed to the Supreme Court.
Events during the trial.
Support campaign.
On 18 February 2009 the Norwegian socialist party Red began a global campaign in support of The Pirate Bay and filesharers worldwide that lasted until 1 May. The campaign was timed to coincide with the trial. Through the website filesharer.org individuals were encouraged to upload their photographs, as "mugshots", to "let the music and movie industry know who the file-sharers are." The site encourages participation urging people to "Upload a picture of yourself and show them what a criminal looks like!". Red politician Elin Volder Rutle is the initiator of the campaign and she states to the media that "If the guys behind Pirate Bay are criminals, then so am I, and so are most other Norwegians."
IFPI website hack.
The website of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) was hacked and defaced with a message to Håkan Roswall, the prosecutor in the trial. The website subsequently became inaccessible, possibly owing to a denial-of-service attack. It was shortly brought back online. Peter Sunde, one of the defendants, responded to news of the attack with the comment "Our case is going quite well as most of you have noticed. In the light of that it feels very bad that people are hacking web sites which actually puts us in a worse light than we need to be in." To the perpetrators of the attack he also pleaded, "If anyone involved in the acts going on is reading this—please stop, for our sake. We don’t need that kind of support."
Flower storm.
During the ninth day of the trial, after the testimony of professor emeritus Roger Wallis had been completed, he was asked according to Swedish court procedures if he wanted any compensation for appearing in court. He declined this but commented to the court that they were welcome to send flowers to his wife if they wished. This was rejected by the judge but quickly caught on amongst supporters of The Pirate Bay following the proceedings via live feeds and other Internet services. A channel was started on the EFnet network on IRC and a website followed and by the evening flowers for almost SEK 40.000 (US$5,000, €3,000) had been ordered for the couple through Internet florists such as Interflora and local florists.
Bonnier Amigo website hack.
The website of independent record company Bonnier Amigo was hacked on March 1. A similar message as the one on the hacked IFPI website was published, but this time directed to prosecuting attorney Peter Danowsky representing the record labels:

</doc>
<doc id="21444712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444712" title="USS Despatch (SP-68)">
USS Despatch (SP-68)

The fifth USS "Despatch" (SP-68), later PY-8, originally USS "Vixen" (SP-68), was a yacht that served in the United States Navy as a tender from 1917 to 1919 and from 1920 to 1921.
Construction and acquisition.
"Despatch" was built as the private steam yacht "Vixen" in 1913 at Morris Heights, New York, by the Gas Engine and Power Company and the Charles L. Seabury Company. The U.S. Navy purchased her on 6 August 1917 for World War I service and commissioned her on 10 August 1917 as USS "Vixen" (SP-68). Just eleven days later, on 21 August 1917, she was renamed USS "Despatch" (SP-68).
First period in commission, 1917-1919.
"Despatch" was assigned duties as a tender with the United States Atlantic Fleet, operating along the United States East Coast between Norfolk, Virginia, and New London, Connecticut, as well as in the Chesapeake Bay and in the Potomac River. She carried men, mail, and supplies to the fleet, transported United States Government officials and high-ranking officers between Washington, D.C., and bases in the Norfolk area, and carried Commander, Battleship Force One, on inspection cruises. Between 13 March 1919 and 23 June 1919, she was flagship for Commander, Division Four, Battleship Force, in Hampton Roads, Virginia.
"Despatch" was decommissioned on 15 July 1919 and laid up at Norfolk.
Second period in commission, 1920-1921.
"Despatch" was recommissioned at Norfolk on 12 April 1920. Assigned to duty as flagship and tender for the Military Governor of Santo Domingo, she reported for her new duty on 26 June 1920. She was reclassified as a patrol yacht and redesignated PY-8 on 17 July 1920. For the next year, "Despatch" carried officials on inspection tours in the Caribbean and delivered passengers, mail, and stores to ships and stations in the West Indies.
"Despatch" arrived at New York City on 10 August 1921 to assume tender duty with the Atlantic Fleet, serving temporarily as flagship. During these last few months of her career, she was at sea only for two brief voyages between New York and Newport, Rhode Island.
"Despatch" was decommissioned for the second and final time on 9 December 1921 at New York.
Final disposition.
"Despatch" had been laid up for over six years when an Act of Congress of 10 March 1928 approved her transfer to the government of the State of Florida. Accordingly, the Navy transferred her to the State of Florida on 10 May 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="21444721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444721" title="Jennings River">
Jennings River

The Jennings River is a river in far northern British Columbia, Canada, rising in the northern reaches of the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains, at first running southwest, then turning northeast near the Tuya Range to enter Teslin Lake at its southern end, just to the east of the estuary of the Teslin River; also joining the lake in the same area is the Hayes River. The lower reaches of the Jennings form the boundary of the Nisutlin Plateau, which extends north into the Yukon along the eastern flank of Teslin Lake and to the west of the northernmost reaches of the Stikine Ranges; Simpson Peak is one of the few named summits in that region of the Stikines, and stands above the lower Jennings to the east of its estuary. To the south of the Jennings, west of the Tuya Range, is the Kawdy Plateau, which includes the small but rugged Atsutla Range, and southwest of which is the course of the Teslin River, which traverses the Kawdy, a subset of the Stikine Plateau, from south to north. 
Ecology.
Black Spruce is a major tree in the Jennings River watershed; here the species is near the western limit of its range.

</doc>
<doc id="21444743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444743" title="The Muslims I Know">
The Muslims I Know

The Muslims I Know is a 2008 documentary film directed by Pakistani-American producer/director Mara Ahmed. The film tries to answer the clichéd question “Where are the moderate Muslims?” by focusing on a small American Muslim community. "The Muslims I Know" was fiscally sponsored by New York Women in Film and Television
Synopsis.
If you search the words “moderate Muslim” today you will get more than 8 million hits on the internet. This interest is the result of apost-9/11 Western world trying to make sense of Islam and its followers. The need to identify “militant jihadists” by distinguishing them from moderate Muslims has cast suspicion on all Muslims in America. Stereotypes are becoming well-entrenched. The purpose of this documentary is to break those stereotypes by showcasing Pakistani Americans and asking them questions non-Muslim Americans have framed through vox pop interviews. A secondary goal is to educate people about the basic tenets of Islam in order to highlight similarities with the Judeo-Christian tradition.
Approach.
Rather than trying to speak for all Muslims, this personal documentary focuses on the Pakistani American community in Rochester, New York. The film does not contend with Muslim stereotypes by advancing religious postulates, instead it uses the more audience-friendly approach of cultural exploration (including norms and values derived from religion). Islamic scholars are interviewed to answer basic questions about Islamic theology and history, but most issues are commented on by regular Pakistani Americans who want to participate in America’s mainstream socio-political discourse. Filmmaker Mara Ahmed acts as the film's narrator, taking the audience on a journey into a little-known, but much talked about American community.
Theme.
The underlying idea is to highlight similarities between Islam and other Abrahamic faiths and to celebrate the cultural richness and diversity brought into the American mix by Muslim communities. The film aims to become a dialogue between Americans who might not otherwise interact. It is also a much needed platform for moderate Muslims to express their views about what’s happening in the world. By being both American and Muslim they have a unique insight into the complex inner workings of American foreign policy and the role of the media.
Structure.
The documentary is a montage of several visual and thematic elements:
• Segments include interviews with Pakistani American Muslims, Islamic scholars and the Imam at the Islamic Center of Rochester about (1) How things have changed since 9/11 (2) Why are Muslims portrayed a certain way by American media? (3) Islam 101 (4) Is Islam a violent religion? (5) Islam and terrorism (6) What’s jihad? (7) Women in Islam (8) What’s next?
• Transitions between different segments/topics provide appropriate context for the discussion and some food for thought. Transitions are also used to point out inconsistencies or underline important aspects of the discourse.
• Vox pop is used to interview non-Muslim Americans and frame some of the questions that are addressed in the film.
• Vignettes are interspersed throughout the documentary to break up various segments, provide some relief from serious dialogue and show the lives of mainstream American Muslims.
Audio and visual style.
The Muslims I Know addresses serious issues in an edgy, fast-paced, tightly edited, modern format. Interviews are shot handheld, in different locations. Short sections of interviews are intercut with photographs and footage to bring personal histories to life. Footage shot in Lahore, Pakistan, is presented in saturated color to bring out cultural exuberance. It takes the form of an explosive collage that captures the spirit of the city rather than being a real-life representation. The film has an artistic visual feel. Qawali music is used to tie images together into a dynamic montage. There is abundant use of music throughout the film to produce a vibrant, positive outlook. The end result is a documentary which is thought-provoking and attractive. The gravity of its theme combined with the appeal of its format makes it all the more palatable and effective in its reach.
Screenings.
The film opened on June 8, 2008 at the historic Dryden Theatre, George Eastman House, (link 1) in Rochester, New York. Since then it has been screened at numerous venues including college and university campuses.
The Muslims I Know will be released on DVD in February 2009.
Rochester High Falls International Film Festival 2009
The Muslims I Know has been officially selected for screening at the Rochester High Falls International Film Festival in May 2009.
In tandem with the High Falls Film Festival, the documentary is also slated for broadcasting on WXXI, Rochester’s Public Broadcasting System affiliate.
"The Muslims I Know" was reviewed in "Filmmakers' lenses don't even blink" by Jack Garner, Democrat and Chronicle; "FILM: The Muslims I Know" by Dayna Papaleo, City Newspaper; "The Muslims I Know" by Andy Rees, Reporter Magazine, “Muslims' film dispels stereotypes” by Nancy O'Donnell, Democrat and Chronicle; and "Fighting for religion through documentary" 10a by Brian Peter, The Spectrum, University at Buffalo.
Director/Producer Mara Ahmed was interviewed on 1370 Connection on WXXI, Rochester's Public Broadcasting System, by Bob Smith; on Rochester Indymedia by Dawn Zuppelli; and on Wham13’s Many Voices, Many Visions by Charlotte Clark.

</doc>
<doc id="21444759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444759" title="Western Suburbs SC (NSW)">
Western Suburbs SC (NSW)

The Western Suburbs Soccer Club is a defunct Australian association football club that was based in Sydney, New South Wales. Western Suburbs played in the National Soccer League and the NSW State League Division One.

</doc>
<doc id="21444840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444840" title="Heavy chain">
Heavy chain

A heavy chain is the large polypeptide subunit of a protein complex, such as a motor protein (e.g. myosin, kinesin, or dynein) or antibody (or immunoglobulin). 
It commonly refers to the immunoglobulin heavy chain. The heavy (H) chain is the larger of the two types of chains that comprise a normal immunoglobulin or antibody molecule. The heavy chain portion of an antibody contains 2 regions; the Fab (Antigen-binding portion) and Fc (Constant region; confers biological activity such as phagocytosis of microorganisms, lysis, and clumping of organisms together). Amino acid sequence determines the type of heavy chains, and heavy chains define the isotype of Ig. Immunoglobulin G has γ gamma heavy chains, IgA has α alpha heavy chains, IgM has μ mu heavy chains, IgD has δ delta heavy chains, and IgE has ε epsilon heavy chains. In contrast, all light chains are either κ kappa or λ lambda light chains, either of which may be found on any Ig molecule, regardless of isotype. Each Ig unit is made up of 2 heavy chains, 2 light chains, and has 2 antigen-binding sites. Heavy chain is joined with the light chain with the help of disulphide bond.

</doc>
<doc id="21444853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444853" title="200 Million Thousand">
200 Million Thousand

200 Million Thousand is the fifth studio album by garage punk band Black Lips. The album was recorded in August 2008 and released on February 24, 2009 in the United States and March 16 in Europe. The first single, "Short Fuse" was released on March 9, 2009.
Track listing.
""Again & Again" is a cover version of an Iggy Pop song, published under his real name (Jim Osterberg), and originally recorded with his first band The Iguanas in 1965."

</doc>
<doc id="21444861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444861" title="Collingwood Football Club (VFL)">
Collingwood Football Club (VFL)

Collingwood Football Club VFL team, nicknamed the Magpies and often referred to as the Collingwood Reserves, is an Australian rules football team which plays in the Victorian Football League. The team is a reserves team operated by the Collingwood Football Club, which fields its senior team in the Australian Football League.
History.
Collingwood originally joined the Victorian Football Association (which later became the modern day VFL in 1996) in 1892. In 1897, Collingwood was one of the eight breakaway clubs to form the Victorian Football League (which later became the modern day AFL in 1990), and has fielded its senior team in that competition every year since.
The VFL/AFL operated a reserves competition from 1919–1991, and a "de facto" AFL reserves competition known as the Victorian State Football League operated from 1992–1999. The Collingwood Football Club fielded a reserves team in both of these competitions, allowing players who were not selected for the senior team to play for Collingwood in the lower grade.
In 2000, the VSFL merged with the modern day Victorian Football League. Since the merge, the senior grade of the VFL has accommodated senior teams from the VFL, reserves teams from the AFL, and affiliations between VFL and AFL clubs, in which VFL senior players and AFL reserves players compete in the same team.
Collingwood fielded a stand alone reserves team in the VFL in the 2000 VFL season. It finished 11th on the ladder, and the side at times included the likes of Gavin Brown, Gavin Crosisca, Shane Watson, Stephen Patterson, Ben Johnson, Rhyce Shaw and Ricky Olarenshaw. It played its home games at Victoria Park, with a handful of curtain raisers at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
In 2001, Collingwood reserves team was dissolved and the club entered into an affiliation with the VFL's Williamstown Football Club. Collingwood ended its affiliation with Williamstown after the 2007 season, and re-established a stand-alone reserves team in the VFL in 2008. The reserves team has competed in the VFL since 2008.
The Collingwood VFL team is composed of both reserves players from the club's primary and rookie AFL lists, and a separately maintained list of players eligible only for VFL matches.
VFL performances.
The Collingwood VFL team has not had any significant on-field success to date. The team has reached the finals twice, with its best finish a preliminary final appearance in 2009.
Honour board.
Source: Collingwood VFL Honour Roll
Premierships: 0 <br>
Runners up: 0 <br>
Minor premierships: 0 <br>
Finals appearances: 3 (Best: Preliminary Final in 2009)<br>
Wooden spoons: 0 <br>
J.J. Liston Trophy winners: 0 <br>
Frosty Miller Medallists: 0 <br>
Fothergill-Round Medallists: 0
Club records.
Most Games
Most Goals
Highest Score
Lowest Score
State Representatives.
Jarryd Blair - 2010
Danny Nicholls - 2008
Kris Pendlebury - 2010
Home ground.
Since 2010, the Collingwood VFL team has played home matches at Victoria Park, the traditional suburban home ground of the AFL senior team until 1999. Prior to 2010, the team had played its home matches at Princes Park, the traditional home ground of the Carlton Football Club, Collingwood's fiercest rivals in the AFL.
Guernsey.
The Collingwood VFL team wears a mostly white guernsey with black vertical stripes on the front and lower half of the back, and a black number. The guernsey is the same as the clash guernsey of the Collingwood AFL team – the AFL team's primary guernsey is the same design in reverse colours, "i.e." mostly black.
Sponsorship.
The club announced on 10 April 2008 that a sponsorship deal had been signed with the mobile phone retailer Crazy John's to become the VFL team's major sponsor. Crazy John's had been a sponsor of the AFL team since 2001, and its logo appeared on the front and back of the club's VFL guernsey. The club also has a sponsorship deal with sports apparel manufacturer Adidas. In 2011, Blue Star Logistics took over from Crazy Johns to become major Sponsor.

</doc>
<doc id="21444884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444884" title="Maxime Partouche">
Maxime Partouche

Maxime Partouche (born 5 June 1990) is a French footballer who currently plays for FC Versailles.
Football career.
Partouche began his career with his local club Vélizy Football in Paris. In July 2002, he moved to the biggest Parisian football club, Paris Saint-Germain FC. After spending six years in the club's youth system, he was promoted to the senior squad in March 2008 making his debut, on the 18th of that month, in a Coupe de France match against SC Bastia. Critics of the match credited his performance as amazing and he received a standing ovation every time he appeared to touch the ball by the PSG supporters. They also chanted his name on certain occasions.
His performance against Bastia earned him regular appearances on PSG's bench for Ligue 1 matches, though he regularly played on PSG's CFA team during the 2007–08 and 2008–09 seasons. He finally made his Ligue 1 debut on February 7, 2009 in a 4–1 victory over FC Nantes coming on as a late-match substitute.
On 15 September 2010, he signed a three-year deal with Panionios, but returned to France after just a one-year spell. He never played any league match for the Greek club.
In June 2011, he joined Championnat National side US Créteil. In October 2012, he joined the FC Versailles.
International career.
Partouche is a France youth international having played for the U-16s, U-17s, and the France U-18 squad. He participated in the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship with the under-19 team. He played in all four of the squad's matches including the semi-final, where they suffered elimination losing 1–3 in extra time to England.

</doc>
<doc id="21444897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444897" title="Jermaine Blackburn">
Jermaine Blackburn

Jermaine Blackburn (born February 8, 1983) is an American basketball player who currently plays for the Saint John Mill Rats of the National Basketball League of Canada. He is best known for recording the Continental Basketball Association's first-ever quadruple-double. On December 20, 2008, Blackburn was playing for the East Kentucky Miners against the West Virginia Wild. He compiled 22 points, 10 rebounds, 14 assists and 10 steals. Remarkably, he followed this performance with a triple-double in his very next game, recording 22 points, 10 rebounds and 13 assists against the same West Virginia team.
College.
Blackburn, a native of St. Louis, Missouri, played junior college basketball for two seasons after graduating from Hazelwood Central High School. He played at Missouri State University-West Plains before transferring to the Boise State Broncos of the Western Athletic Conference, an NCAA Division I school. In his first season at Boise State, he helped the Broncos reach the Sweet 16 of the 2004 National Invitation Tournament. The following year, Blackburn's senior season in 2004–05, he led his team in scoring at 15.4 points per game. As a #8 seed in the WAC Men's Basketball Tournament, Boise State reached the championship game before losing to #2 UTEP, 91–78.
Professional.
Since 2005, Blackburn has played in various professional and semi-professional basketball leagues. His most notable former team is the West Sydney Razorbacks who played in the NBL. He was released after just 11 games for the Razorbacks. Other stints have included the CBA for the East Kentucky Miners and Yakama Sun Kings (for whom he was a CBA All-Star in 2008), the American Basketball Association for the Southeast Texas Mavericks, the Snohomish County Explosion in the International Basketball League as well as the NBA Development League's Idaho Stampede.
For the inaugural 2011–12 National Basketball League of Canada season, Blackburn split the season between the Quebec Kebs and the Saint John Mill Rats. For 2012–13, Blackburn played for the London Lightning. He returned to the Mill Rats before the start of the 2013-14 NBL Canada season.
Personal.
Blackburn married Jodi Bell on August 10, 2013. He has one daughter, Janess, from a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="21444901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444901" title="Timothy Linehan">
Timothy Linehan

Timothy Linehan (4 August 1905 – date of death unknown) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. A solicitor, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938 and 1943 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1944 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21444934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444934" title="Eslanda Goode Robeson">
Eslanda Goode Robeson

Eslanda ("Essie") Cardozo Goode Robeson (December 15, 1895 – December 13, 1965) was an American anthropologist, author, actor and civil rights activist. She was the wife and business manager of singer and actor Paul Robeson.
Biography.
Early years and marriage.
Eslanda Cardozo Goode was born in Washington, DC on December 15, 1895, mostly descended from Black slaves. Her paternal great-grandfather was a Sephardic Jew whose family was expelled from Spain in the 17th century. Her grandfather was Francis Lewis Cardozo, the first Black treasurer of South Carolina. Her father, John Goode, was a law clerk in the War Department who later finished his law degree at Howard University. Eslanda had two older brothers, John Jr. and Francis. She attended the University of Illinois and later graduated from Columbia University in New York with a B. S. degree in chemistry. When then she started to work at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, she soon became the head histological chemist of Surgical Pathology, the first Black to hold such a position. In 1920, Paul Robeson and Eslanda attended summer school at Columbia. One year later they married. Eslanda gave up her intentions to study medicine and supported her husband as his business manager. Eslanda worked at the hospital until 1925, when the career of her husband took more and more of her time. She spent time between Harlem, London and France in the following years.
The only child of the Robesons, Paul Jr, "Pauli" was born on November 2, 1927; Robeson was on a tour in Europe at that time. The marriage was strained and Eslanda suffered under the affairs of her husband that reportedly started with a relationship with Freda Diamond in 1925. Other affairs affecting their relationship were those with actresses Fredi Washington and Peggy Ashcroft Robeson’s long-term liaison with Yolanda Jackson almost broke up the marriage, and Eslanda even agreed to a divorce at a time. Yet despite all the setbacks and separations, the marriage endured, as each of the two had needs that only the other could fill. Eslanda chose to "rise above Paul's affairs", but to stay married to him and pursue her own career.
In 1930 Eslanda published her first book, a first biography of her husband: "Paul Robeson, Negro." Robeson himself, who had provided no direct input, was “deeply angered” by it. He resented that she put words into his mouth and depicted him as lazy, immature, and needy of her guidance. In the book, Robeson complains, "she treats me just as a ... small child", to which she replies "..perhaps when you grow up I'll treat you as a man." She also addresses the issue of his infidelity, which he neither confirms or denies; she assures him that she feels that they have such a deep level of love, that past events could not affect it, "No matter what other women have done to you, or you to them, they have in no way walked in my garden." Harry Hanson, a New York critic, gave the book a positive review and called it inspiring, and that it was written with "rich understanding" and "deep pride". He recommended that the book should be read by white America. W. E. B. Du Bois placed it in the 'must read' category in "The Crisis", the NAACP magazine. Other views, however, were negative. Stark Young in the "New Republic" called it "biographical rubbish".
Anthropologist.
In 1931, the couple were living in London and became more estranged. Eslanda resumed her own career, taking acting parts in three movies over the next couple of years. She enrolled at the London School of Economics for anthropology and graduated in 1937. In England, she learned more about Africa. She made the first of three journeys to the continent, touring South and East Africa with her son in 1936. With the signs of war imminent in Europe, the Robesons moved back to Harlem in 1938. Three years later, they moved to Enfield, Connecticut, to their estate, "The Beeches". Eslanda earned her Ph.D. at the Hartford Seminary in 1946. Using her diary notes of her Africa trip, she completed her second book "African Journey" the same year. The book was unusual, as few books in those days dealt with Africa in the first place, and her perspective, as an African American woman, on women in black Africa was unique. The book's publication was endorsed by Pearl Buck, whose husband was the head of the John Day publishing house. The book argued that Blacks should take pride in their African heritage. Both white and black reviews were favorable.
Buck and Eslanda continued to work together. As a result, "American Argument" was published in 1949, a book of dialogues and comments, edited by Buck, that lets Eslanda speak on society, politics, gender role, and race relations. While the book contained a critique of cold war politics, its reception, in general, was positive, but it was a financial flop.
During the Cold War.
With the development of the cold war, the life of the Robesons changed dramatically. The couple had first visited the Soviet Union in 1934, were impressed by the apparent absence of racism, and agreed with the stance of communism against racism, colonization, and imperialism. While aware of the Great Purge by or before 1938, they accepted this (as Robeson explained to his son, "(S)ometimes… great injustices may be inflicted on the minority when the majority is in a pursuit of a great and just course") and did not speak out against it. By 1938, however, they helped Eslanda’s brother Francis escape. Her brother John had already departed the previous year, and Paul Jr. did not continue with his education at a Moscow “model school”. With their pro-Soviet views, both became targets during the McCarthy days. Robeson’s career came to a standstill, their income dropped dramatically, and the Connecticut estate had to be sold. On July 17, 1953 Eslanda, like her husband, was called to testify before the US Senate. Asked if she was a communist, she took the Fifth Amendment and challenged the legitimacy of the proceedings. Her passport was revoked, until the decision was overturned in 1958. Fighting for the decolonization of Africa and Asia she continued to work for the Council on African Affairs and to write as the UN correspondent for the "New World Review", a pro-Soviet magazine.
Once their passports had been returned to the Robesons, they flew to London and the Soviet Union. Eslanda made her third and final trip to Africa, attending the first postcolonial All-African Peoples' Conference in Ghana in 1958. In 1963 she was diagnosed with breast cancer. She returned from Russia to the US and died in New York in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="21444942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444942" title="Ernest Benson">
Ernest Benson

Ernest Edmondson Benson (died 17 March 1975) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. A company director, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin Townships constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938 and 1943 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1944 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21444945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444945" title="Governorship of Mike Huckabee">
Governorship of Mike Huckabee

Mike Huckabee served as the third Republican governor of Arkansas since Reconstruction from 1996 to 2007.
Ascension.
In 1996, incumbent Democratic governor Jim Guy Tucker was convicted of fraud. The Arkansas Constitution, like nearly all state constitutions in the United States, does not allow convicted felons to hold office, so Tucker was forced to resign. However, Tucker, insisting he had a strong case for appeal, rescinded his resignation as Huckabee was preparing to be sworn in on July 16. Within a few hours, Tucker reinstated his resignation after Huckabee threatened to initiate impeachment proceedings against Tucker. Huckabee was sworn in as Governor of Arkansas on July 15, 1996. In November 1998, Huckabee was elected to a full four-year term by defeating retired Colonel Gene McVay in the primary and Jonesboro attorney Bill Bristow in the general election, becoming the state's third elected Republican Governor since Reconstruction. In November 2002, Huckabee was reelected to his second four-year term by defeating State Treasurer Jimmie Lou Fisher, garnering 53 percent of the vote. By the end of his term, Huckabee owned the third-longest tenure of any Arkansas Governor. Only Democrats Orval Faubus, who served six consecutive two-year terms (1955–1967), and Bill Clinton, who served 11 years, 11 months (1979–1981; 1983–1992), had longer tenures.
The first years.
In late 1996, Huckabee campaigned for ballot Amendment 1, a plan to adjust property tax rules to make school funding more equal across the state, and Amendment 2, a constitutional amendment increasing the state sales tax 0.125 percent to improve the state's park system and natural resources. As part of the campaign, Huckabee traveled the entire length of the Arkansas River within Arkansas by boat. Amendment 1 passed 52%-48% and Amendment 2 passed 51%-49%.
Huckabee proclaimed 1997 as a year of racial reconciliation by saying "Let every one of us make it our priority to bring reconciliation, not so much that we can force it or legislate it, because we cannot, but that we begin in each of our own lives to purpose in our hearts that we will not harbor anger, hostility, prejudice, bigotry and racism toward any person."
Huckabee signed legislation to create a health insurance program which extended coverage to children of lower-income families, to be funded in part by Medicaid, SCHIP, and a tobacco industry lawsuit settlement. The program, ARKids First, reduced the number of uninsured children to nine percent (compared with 12 percent for the nation) in 2003. Also in his first year as governor Huckabee signed a partial birth abortion ban and a $7.6 Million Smart Start program for primary school students to learn "the basic skills of reading, math, and character." Huckabee vetoed a $140 million bill for capital improvements. The Arkansas General Assembly overrode the veto.
Huckabee signed the Child Welfare Agency Licensing Act in 1997. This bill has provisions which allow religious groups to contract for social services with the state without having to compromise their principles. An excerpt reads, "Provided that the health, safety and welfare of children in the care of a child welfare agency is not endangered, nothing in this act shall be construed to permit the Board to promulgate or enforce any rule that has the effect of: (A) interfering with the religious teaching or instruction offered by a child welfare agency; (B) infringing upon the religious beliefs of the holder(s) of a child welfare agency license; (C) infringing upon the right of an agency operated by a religious organization to consider creed in any decision or action relating to admitting or declining to admit a child or family for services; (D) infringing upon the parents' right to consent to a child's participating in prayer or other religious practices while in the care of the child welfare agency; (E) prohibiting the use of corporal discipline."
Huckabee made sure that state agencies were compliant with charitable choice. His administration issued guidelines in October 2000, which allow religious groups to offer voluntary religious programs and to leave their religious artifacts on the walls as long as welfare clients are not pressured to convert and tax money doesn't directly underwrite them. Religious groups are allowed to reject a job candidate on religious grounds. The guidelines also guarantee that any client can receive alternative placement if the client objects to a religious provider.
In a February 1998 presidential straw poll of 65 Christian Coalition leaders, Huckabee came in second to John Ashcroft and ahead of Steve Forbes, J. C. Watts and George W. Bush.
On May 22, 1998, the Arkansas Ethics Commission fined Huckabee US$1,000 for failing to report campaign payments made to himself and his wife. In October 1998 the "Arkansas Times" suggested Huckabee used a fund set up for the maintenance of the Governor's Mansion for his own personal use.
The "Times" later reported Huckabee was listed as the recipient of furniture given to the Governor's Mansion and not the Mansion itself. Tom Mars, Huckabee's attorney, denied any misuse or inappropriate actions.
Sentence commutations.
Wayne DuMond case.
Huckabee has come under criticism for his handling of the case of Wayne DuMond (also spelled Dumond), a convicted rapist who was released during Huckabee's governorship. Despite a crude castration and a professed religious conversion in prison, DuMond subsequently sexually assaulted and murdered a woman in Missouri.
DuMond's case had attracted national attention in the mid-1990s from critics of President Clinton who felt that Clinton, Arkansas Governor at the time of the rape, had been too harsh with DuMond because DuMond's victim was a distant Clinton relative. Clinton had recused himself from any involvement in the case. Before taking office, Huckabee met with DuMond's wife and privately announced his intention that DuMond be set free, stating his unhappiness with the way Clinton handled the case.
On September 20, 1996, Huckabee publicly announced his intention of commuting DuMond's sentence to time served. DuMond had originally been sentenced to life plus twenty years in prison, but in 1992, Tucker reduced the sentence to 39½ years, which gave DuMond the possibility of parole. Although there was strong pressure to commute DuMond's sentence from Clinton critics ill-informed by the New York Post columns of Steve Dunleavy, a close friend and writer for Rupert Murdoch, there was also strong opposition to Huckabee's plan from DuMond's victims, female Arkansas legislators, and various law enforcement officials, leaving Huckabee in a difficult situation politically.
On October 31, 1996, Huckabee met privately with the parole board to talk about the DuMond case. The "Arkansas Times" has argued that this closed-door meeting appeared to violate Arkansas' FOIA law. On January 16, 1997, DuMond was granted parole, just five months after he had been rejected. Huckabee released a statement saying, "I concur with the board's action and hope the lives of all those involved can move forward. The action of the board accomplishes what I sought to do in considering an earlier request for commutation ...In light of the action of the board, my original intent to commute the sentence to time served is no longer relevant." The parole was granted on the condition that DuMond leave the state. He moved to Smithville, Missouri in 1999 and was later convicted there of sexually assaulting and murdering a woman who lived near his home.
DuMond was also a suspect in the murder of a pregnant woman in Platte County, Missouri. DuMond died in prison in 2005.
Pulaski County Prosecuting Attorney Larry Jegley has argued Huckabee granted too many clemencies.
In 2005, The "Arkansas Times" reported on the role that Huckabee played in the parole board's decision.
When questioned about the case during his presidential campaign in 2007, Huckabee denied pressuring any parole board members to release DuMond, despite three of the parole board members stating that they felt he did pressure them to do so. Huckabee's official website states: "Governor Huckabee either denied Wayne DuMond's clemency request, or took no action (which is the same as a denial) on four separate occasions." The website states that it was Governor Jim Tucker who "made Wayne DuMond immediately eligible for parole," which, his website says, is granted by the parole board and not by the governor.
Maurice Clemmons case.
In an unrelated matter, Huckabee also commuted the sentence of Maurice Clemmons, the primary person of interest in the November 29, 2009, murders of four Lakewood, Washington police officers, because Clemmons was 17 at the time of his offenses.
First full term.
In January 1999, Huckabee joined the presidential exploratory committee of Lamar Alexander. Later, Huckabee endorsed George W. Bush. The Washington Post reported in February 2000,
"This is a guy who gets things done," said Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee. "The more people get to know George Bush, the more than are going to get to like him."
On April 1, 1999, Huckabee signed into law a three cent increase in tax on gasoline and a four cent increase on diesel. Attached to the bill was a bond issue to pay for highway construction. The Commercial Appeal reported: "All the diesel money will be earmarked to pay off the bonds or, if the bond issue fails, to directly finance repairs to the interstates. The gasoline tax money will finance work on non-interstate state roads, notably projects approved in a 1991 road program that without new money remains seven years from completion. Should the bond issue fail, the taxes would remain in place, lessening the chances that the trucking industry will campaign against the bonds." Huckabee commented that the bond issue "won't affect taxes, it will only affect construction acceleration."
Huckabee led a public relations campaign for the bond program for road reconstruction. Arkansas voters approved Huckabee's program. In 1999, the Arkansas Comprehensive Testing, Assessment and Accountability Program (ACTAAP) was established.
Huckabee modeled ACTAAP after K-12 programs in other states:
"..I've been fortunate to become friends with Gov. Jim Hunt of North Carolina and Gov. George W. Bush of Texas. They've shared their comprehensive assessment and accountability programs. We now have statewide academic standards that allow us to set clear teaching objectives. We have statewide assessments linked to those standards. We have accountability systems with consequences for schools that fail to perform."
Subsequent legislation amended ACTAAP to conform to No Child Left Behind. Later, in 2005, Huckabee stated, "And one thing I salute about W. Bush is No Child Left Behind, and no matter what you've heard about it let me tell you it's the best thing that ever happened in education because it says we're not going to let children spend years and years and let taxpayers spend thousands and thousands of dollars only to find out when the kid graduates high school that he's basically a functional illiterate, that we're not going to leave him lingering back in those classrooms and that he or she will get a decent education and we will hold accountable those who are responsible for getting that child a good education."
In July 1999, Huckabee hosted a $500-a-plate fundraiser for Rudy Giuliani's campaign for US Senate in Little Rock.
Rather than funnel 100 percent of the state's tobacco settlement revenues into the general fund, Huckabee campaigned to put it in the state's health care system.
On March 7, 2001, Huckabee signed a tax on private nursing homes for $5.25 per day per non-Medicare patient. However, Huckabee was named "Friend of a Taxpayer" by Americans for Tax Reform for his cut in statewide spending.
On April 11, 2001, Huckabee signed the "Covenant Marriage Act," a marriage contract option that compels couples to seek counseling if problems develop during the marriage, provides limited grounds for divorce or separation, and restricts lawsuits against spouses. Huckabee said the law, "offers couples a chance to be held to a higher level of marital commitment." He and his wife converted to a covenant marriage in 2004.
In 2001 Huckabee urged student districts to allow students to pray and proclaimed October as "Student Religious Liberty Month."
Later in 2001, his refusal to raise taxes in the face of a budget shortfall sparked criticism from lawmakers and the media. In response to the criticism he created the "Tax Me More Fund", which was a voluntary fund for people who felt that the government needed to raise more taxes. State Sen. Minority Leader John Brown called the "Tax Me More Fund" a campaign tactic. However, the Club for Growth argues Huckabee increased state spending 65.3 percent (1996–2004) and supported five tax increases.
In response, Huckabee said he doubled the standard deduction and the child care tax credit, eliminated the marriage penalty and the capital gains tax on the sale of a home, and reduced the capital gains tax for both businesses and individuals. Ernest Dumas of the "Arkansas Times", a consistent Huckabee critic, responded most of the tax cuts were small deductions and exemptions initiated by the state legislature, that the broad-based tax cut was proposed by his predecessor and Huckabee was "the biggest taxer and spender in Arkansas history." Former Arkansas State Representative Randy Minton (R) has said; "support for taxes split the Republican Party, and damaged our name brand." The group has pointed out that Huckabee publicly opposed the repeal of a sales tax on groceries and medicine in 2002, signed a bill raising taxes on gasoline in 1999, and signed a $5.25 bed-tax on private nursing home patients in 2001.
In 2002, Huckabee ran for Governor and his wife Janet ran for Arkansas Secretary of State. The "New York Times" reported this set off an "avalanche of criticism." A Republican State Representative, Jake Files of Fort Smith, commented, "'That's just a lot of power in one family's hands" Mike Huckabee later stated that his wife tried to recruit other Republican candidates willing to run for Secretary of State. But no one else was willing, so she ran herself.
Mike Huckabee won his race with 53 percent of the vote, while his wife Janet lost her race by 62% to 38%.
Second full term.
On November 21, 2002, the Arkansas Supreme Court declared the state's school funding procedure was unconstitutional and ordered to produce a fair system. Huckabee proposed a plan to consolidate schools districts of less than 1,500 students. The plan would have consolidated 310 schools districts into 107-116 schools districts with a more centralized administrative and governance network. The legislature instead passed a plan in January 2004 to consolidate school districts of less than 350 students. The issue would resurface when the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled again on school funding in December 2005.
On April 11, 2003 Huckabee signed a law which mandates annual body mass index (BMI) measurements for all public school children. The results are reported to parents with information about how to combat obesity. The law also sets up advisory committees to promote exercise and good nutrition for schools. On May 8, 2003, Huckabee signed into law increases in cigarette and tobacco taxes as well as a three percent income tax surcharge.
In July 2003, Roby Brock reached a settlement with Huckabee and the Arkansas Educational Television Network. Brock had filed a lawsuit alleging that the defendants had conspired to remove his television program from the air.
In his 2005 State of the State address, he talked about a Hispanic student who was unable to receive financial aid because he was an illegal immigrant. Huckabee said, "...when he applied for financial aid, he wasn't eligible for the various scholarships or grants because of his status, a status that he had no decision in or control over."
Huckabee supported a 2005 bill by Arkansas State Representative Joyce Elliott to make some illegal immigrants eligible for scholarships and in-state college tuition,
while vehemently opposing a bill sponsored by Arkansas State Senator Jim Holt which would deny state benefits to illegal immigrants, calling it "un-Christian."
In opening remarks among Hispanic civil rights leaders at a LULAC convention, Huckabee said the nation will need to address the concerns of the Hispanic community because of its growing influence and population base. "Pretty soon, Southern white guys like me may be in the minority," Huckabee said jokingly as the crowd roared in laughter. He told the LULAC delegates that their presence in the state's capital city was very important because Arkansas has one of the fastest growing Hispanic populations in the nation. "Your gathering is so very significant for our state," Huckabee said.
In April 2005, Huckabee vetoed a bill which would have allowed public drinking of alcohol in entertainment districts.
After Hurricane Katrina made landfall in August 2005, an estimated 70,000 evacuees fled to Arkansas and Huckabee ordered state agencies to take care of them. State parks offered discounts, waived pet restrictions, and bumped other reservations in favor of evacuees. Pharmacists were given emergency authority to dispense prescriptions and provide access to dialysis machines. Shelters opened up in nearly every portion of the state, and Huckabee requested that the entire state be declared a disaster area. It was not. Many of these shelters, either closed or set to close, were reopened or kept open to process a "second wave" of Katrina evacuees moved from Texas in the wake of arriving Hurricane Rita. (See also Hurricane Katrina disaster relief).
In 2005, Huckabee, supported by then-Arkansas Attorney General Mike Beebe, opposed efforts by Oklahoma Attorney General Drew Edmondson to reduce water pollution. Edmondson had sued Arkansas poultry companies alleging that chicken waste fouled Oklahoma rivers explaining, "You can't stand on the Arkansas side of the border, dump toxins into the river and wash your hands of the problem." Huckabee accused Edmondson of "political gamesmanship", later Edmondson, in 2006, called Huckabee "a poultry company apologist." Huckabee went to Oklahoma to campaign against Edmondson in the 2006 election.
In early 2006, Huckabee– along with fellow governors Rick Perry (R-TX); Jim Doyle (D-WI); and Dave Freudenthal (D-WY)– went on a week-long visit to the Middle East and South Asia as part of a Department of Defense-funded trip to provide the state leaders with an idea of the conditions under which American forces are serving. While visiting Baghdad and Tikrit, Huckabee and the governors received briefings from Gen. George Casey and Amb. Zalmay Khalilzad.
In November 2006, both Huckabee and his wife drew criticism for creating wedding registries in the amount of over $6000 at both the Target and Dillard's web sites, in conjunction with a housewarming party to celebrate a new house they had purchased in Little Rock. The "Arkansas Times", which first reported the story, noted that wedding gifts represent one of the exceptions to a $100 cap on gifts to political leaders under Arkansas law.
Huckabee said that the registries were intended only for those who were invited to the event, that he was not involved in organizing the event, and that they were classified as wedding registries only because those sites did not have separate categories for housewarming parties.
Throughout his tenure as Governor, welfare enrollment declined by nearly half. During his last year in office the state's economy grew 4.4%, beating the national average of 4.2%.
Shortly before announcing his candidacy for the President of the United States, Huckabee ordered that the drives of 83 computers and 4 servers be destroyed during his transition phase in leaving office. According to Claire Bailey, director of the Arkansas Department of Information Systems, the governor's office chose a combination of writing over the data and destroying the hard drives. Huckabee said that the decision to crush the hard drives was made in order to "protect the privacy of those who had personal information on the drives." Critics, however, recalled that early in Huckabee's term as governor, documents, e-mails and memos stored on hard drives formed the basis of embarrassing stories about Huckabee, including the allegations regarding personal use of the Governor's Mansion funds.
In 2005, Time magazine named him one of the five best governors in the U.S., writing "Huckabee has approached his state's troubles with energy and innovation". The Club for Growth accuses Huckabee of being a liberal in disguise, saying Huckabee increased state spending 65.3 percent (1996–2004) and supported five tax increases. The Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration states during Huckabee's tenure, taxes were cut ninety times for a decrease of $378 million, while taxes were raised twenty-one times for an increase of $883 million. Arkansas Health Care Association President Jim Cooper stated the private nursing home tax was necessary in order to avert future huge tax increases as a result of years of mismanagement.
On December 26, 2007 the conservative organization Judicial Watch announced that Mike Huckabee was named to its list of Washington's "Ten Most Wanted Corrupt Politicians" for 2007. They state that Huckabee, as governor, was the subject of "14 ethics complaints and a volley of questions about his integrity, ranging from his management of campaign cash to his use of a nonprofit organization to subsidize his income to his destruction of state computer files on his way out of the governor's office." Judicial Watch further accused Huckabee of attempting to block the state ethics commission's investigations of the allegations.
The Cato Institute, a libertarian non-profit public policy research foundation, gave Huckabee an "F" for spending and tax policy in 2006. Huckabee has asserted he did not raise spending significantly in areas he could control and in those areas spending rose six-tenths of one percent a year during his entire governance. He also signed the first broad-based tax cut in Arkansas's history. For 2006, he says that his state enjoyed a surplus of nearly $850 million. In January 2008, Huckabee repeated this assertion, while also pointing out that at the beginning of his term Arkansas had a $200 million deficit. However, during his tenure, the state's general obligation debt increased by almost $1 billion.
At the end of his final term, Governor Huckabee pardoned Rolling Stone Keith Richards of a traffic offense in Arkansas 32 years prior.

</doc>
<doc id="21444946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444946" title="Liber maiolichinus de gestis Pisanorum illustribus">
Liber maiolichinus de gestis Pisanorum illustribus

The Liber maiolichinus de gestis pisanorum illustribus ("Majorcan Book of the Deeds of the Illustrious Pisans") is a Medieval Latin epic chronicle in 3,500 hexameters, written between 1117 and 1125, detailing the Pisan-led joint military expedition of Italians, Catalans, and Occitans against the "taifa" of the Balearic Islands, in particular Majorca and Ibiza, in 1113–5. It was commissioned by the commune of Pisa, and its anonymous author was probably a cleric. It survives in three manuscripts. The "Liber" is notable for containing the earliest known reference to "Catalans" ("Catalanenses"), treated as an ethnicity, and to "Catalonia" ("Catalania"), as their homeland. 
The "Liber", which is the most important primary source for the brief conquest of the Balearics, portrays the expedition as motivated by a desire to free Christian captives held as slaves by the Muslims and to curtail Muslim piracy "from Spain to Greece". Christian zeal is stressed no less than civic pride and the account of the 1113 expedition is prefaced by a history of Pisan–Muslim conflicts in the eleventh century. The "Liber" is also the earliest source for the raid of the Norwegian king Sigurd Jorsalfar on Formentera, one of the Balearic islands and a hotbed of piracy. 

</doc>
<doc id="21444947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444947" title="University of Applied Sciences Rosenheim">
University of Applied Sciences Rosenheim

The University of Applied Sciences Rosenheim or Hochschule Rosenheim is a university in Germany.
Rosenheim is located in the southeastern part of the German state of Bavaria. About half an hour's drive from Munich it is the center of a prospering economic region with a population of about 100,000. Bavaria is a state with an impressive cultural and political heritage. It is also rich in scenic beauty. With its lovely lakes and nearby Alps, the area around Rosenheim especially
provides numerous opportunities for all kinds of outdoor activities. Whether enjoying the cultural offerings of Munich or hiking in the Alps, your leisure time can be an exciting cultural and recreational experience.
In addition to its holiday appeal, the Rosenheim area and neighboring Munich have become hosts to many small IT companies as well as to internationally active 'global players'. This makes it possible for the Electrical Engineering and Information Technology Department to have close relationships and active cooperation with companies like Astrium, BMW, Bosch-Siemens, Heidenhain, Freescale, Infineon, Kathrein, Rohde & Schwarz or ST Microelectronics, to mention just a few.
Rosenheim University of Applied Sciences (Fachhochschule, in German) has about 4000 students and 125 full-time professors.
The Electrical Engineering and Information Technology Department (EE/IT) was founded in 1995. Its professors are young and energetic, its lab equipment up-to-date and the new EE/IT building modern and appealing. This very special 'Rosenheim flair' is compact, personal and dynamic.
The University of Applied Sciences Rosenheim is a liberal-minded educational and research institution. Its international connections are revealed in the variety and intensity of the university’s cooperation with colleges, institutes and companies around the world. The university’s innovative and practical courses of study train experts for the European as well as international labor market.
International Cooperations

</doc>
<doc id="21444953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444953" title="Social equity">
Social equity

There are multiple definitions of social equity as it is a new term; each industry has seemed to take on a different connotation. The following provides for examples of each connotation.
Sustainable development.
Social equity is the orphaned element of sustainable development. In 1996 the Unioted States President's Council on Sustainable Development defined social equity as "equal opportunity, in a safe and healthy environment." Social equity is the least defined and least understood element of the triad that is sustainable development yet is integral in creating sustainability - balancing economic, environmental and social equity.
Education.
Many colleges and universities consider the term social equity as synonymous with social equality. Examples include Shippensburg University, Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania, Arizona State College of Public Programs, Indiana University of Pennsylvania and North Carolina State University, among others.
Conservation economy.
In terms of conservation, "Social Equity implies fair access to livelihood, education, and resources; full participation in the political and cultural life of the Community; and self-determination in meeting Fundamental Needs. As Martin Luther King observed, "where there is injustice for one, there is injustice for all." Social Equity is the cornerstone of Social Capital, which cannot be maintained for a few at the expense of the many. Increased equity results in decreased spending on prisons, security enforcement, welfare, and social services. It also creates new potential markets." "Social equity includes universal fulfillment of the most fundamental human needs along with broad access to meaningful work, while respecting the enormous range of life circumstances and personal goals which may drive people to seek different kinds of livelihood."
World market media.
Social equity is the perceived value of individual, organization, or brand reputation and following online. This value increases or decreases based on the online buzz and conversations that take place across the various social media channels on the internet which ultimately transcend to the offline world.
Public administration.
The National Academy of Public Administration defines the term as “The fair, just and equitable management of all institutions serving the public directly or by contract; the fair, just and equitable distribution of public services and implementation of public policy; and the commitment to promote fairness, justice, and equity in the formation of public policy.”
In 1968, H. George Frederickson came up with "a theory of social equity and put it forward as the 'third pillar' of public administration." Frederickson was concerned that those in public administration were making the mistake of assuming that citizen A is the same as citizen B; ignoring social and economic conditions. His goal: for social equity to take on the same "status as economy and efficiency as values or principles to which public administration should adhere."
Gender and sexuality.
Recent administration from U.S. President Barack Obama has shed light on the subject of social equity for members of the LGBT community. LGBTQI is the common abbreviation for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and intersexed community. From this community, the Obama-Biden administration has appointed more than 170 openly LGBT professionals to work full-time within the executive branch. He has also directed United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to conduct “the first ever national study to determine the level of discrimination experienced by LGBTs in housing” Other LGBT advocacy interest groups, such as the Human Rights Campaign, have also worked hard to gain social equity in marriage and to receive all the benefits that come with marriage.
Other references include:
Mitchell, Danielle. "Reading Between The Aisles: Same-Sex Marriage As A Conflicted Symbol Of Social Equity." Topic: The Washington & Jefferson College Review 55.(2007): 89-100. Humanities Source. Web.
Race.
Within the realm of public administration, racial equality is an important factor. It deals with the idea of “biological equality” of all human races and “social equality for people of different races”. Biological equality is similar to gender equality; it is equality of all sexes no matter what race and supports the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The idea that racial discrimination ever existed in the United States lies with our expectations that it will soon disappear. As we practice racial equality in the realm of public administration, we are heading towards the direction of its disappearance. According to Jeffrey B. Ferguson his article “Freedom, Equality, Race”, Ferguson explains that the people of the United States believe that racial equality will prevail.
Religion.
In recent years social equity in regards to religion has seen legal improvements to help and protect all people regardless of religious affiliation or what deity they choose to follow. According to 42 U.S.C. sect. 2000e(j) "Religion is defined as all aspects of religious observance and practice, as well as belief, unless an employer demonstrates that he is unable to responsibly accommodate to an employee's or prospective employee's religious observance or practice without unique hardship to the conduct of the employer's business." This law was enacted to protect employee's that are employed by bosses of another religion, and allow them to observe their particular religious practices and celebrations. On March 3, 2012, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a Title VII discrimination case against Convergys in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. EEOC v. Covergys Corp., (E.D. Mo. 2011). 
Convergys placed an advertisement stating that applicants for a customer service position should be able to work a flexible work schedule and overtime. A Jewish applicant informed the company’s recruiter during an interview that he would not be able to work on the Jewish Sabbath. The recruiter allegedly responded that if applicant could not work Saturdays, the interview was over. The complaint alleged that the company violated the law by refusing to hire the Jewish applicant or other employees based on their refusal to work on Saturdays because of their religious beliefs. The EEOC sought, among other things, injunctive relief to enjoin Convergys from refusing to hire on the basis of religion and denying reasonable religious accommodations to its employees. The EEOC claimed that given the large size of the call center (approximately 500 employees), it would not be impossible to give an employee an alternative work schedule. According to the EEOC, the company violated Title VII by refusing to hire the applicant without even discussing possible accommodations for his religion.
Convergys settled the case by agreeing to pay $15,000 and entering into a two-year consent decree which obligates the company to make sure that its recruiters are trained on religious discrimination. The company must also provide a notice to all future applicants that accommodations may be available for their religious beliefs.
In June 2012, the EEOC filed another religious discrimination complaint against Voss Electric Co. d/b/a Voss Lighting In this case, one of the company’s supervisors listed an employment opportunity for Voss on the Internet board of the First Baptist Church of Broken Arrow. An applicant who heard of the opening through a client who was a member of the church applied for the job. After a successful first interview, the applicant’s name was passed on to the branch manager who communicated with the applicant at length about his religious affiliations and ties to First Baptist Church of Broken Arrow. The branch manager asked the applicant to identify every church he recently attended, where and when the applicant was “saved,” and whether the applicant was willing to come into work early to attend Bible study. The branch manager openly disapproved of the applicant’s (negative) answers, and the position was not offered to him.
As the open position involved no religious duties whatsoever, the EEOC believed that the job was not offered because of the applicant’s religious beliefs and found the company’s decision not to hire the qualified applicant discriminatory. The EEOC is therefore seeking to enjoin the company from refusing to hire on the basis of religion and denying reasonable religious accommodations in addition to monetary damages.

</doc>
<doc id="21444966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444966" title="Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes">
Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes

The Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes are a united, federally recognized tribe of Southern Arapaho and Southern Cheyenne people in western Oklahoma.
Government.
The Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes are headquartered in Concho, Oklahoma. Of 12,185 enrolled tribal members, 8,664 live within the state of Oklahoma. The tribal jurisdictional area includes Beckham, Blaine, Canadian, Custer, Dewey, Ellis, Kingfisher, Roger Mills, and Washita Counties.
The tribal government consists of the Tribal Council, Executive Branch, Legislative Branch, and Judicial Branch. The Tribal Council includes all tribal members over the age of 18. The Executive Branch is led by the Governor and Lieutenant Governor. The Legislative Branch is made up of legislators from the four Arapaho districts and four Cheyenne districts. The Judicial Branch includes a Supreme Court, including one Chief Justice and four Associate Justices; a Trial Court, composed of one Chief Judge and at least one Associate Judge; and any lower courts deemed necessary by the Legislature. In 2006 the tribes voted and ratified the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes Constitution which replaced the 1975 constitution.
Current issues.
In 2009, Lt. Governor Teresa Dorsett was named acting Tribal Governor. She replaced Governor Darrell Flyingman, who was removed from office on 13 November 2009, pursuant to Section 8 of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribal Law and Order Code. Flyingman was elected first in 2007 and was recalled twice since but the Tribal Court overturned the recall both times.
Flyingman was accused of bad accounting of tribal funds, although he maintains that a National Indian Gaming Commission audit cleared him of wrongdoing.
In 2010, Janice Prairie Chief-Boswell was elected Tribal Governor, and Leslie Wandrie-Harjo was elected Lt. Governor. In December 2010, Wandrie-Harjo accused Prairie Chief-Boswell of hiding financial records and disobeying tribal court orders to vacate her office. On 31 March 2011, Wandrie-Harjo and others broke into the locked tribal headquarters. A dispute has continued between Prairie Chief-Boswell and Wandie-Harjo as to who is the rightful leader of the tribe.
The First Bank of Trust Company froze $6.4 million of the tribe's assets. The tribe declared a state of emergency, and a hearing had been set over the funds.
Economic development.
The tribe operates three tribal smoke shops and four casinos: the Lucky Star Casino in Clinton, the Lucky Star Casino in Concho, the Feather Warrior Casino in Watonga, and the Feather Warrior Casino in Canton. They also issue their own tribal vehicle tags. Their economic impact is estimated at $32 million.
Institutions.
"The Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribal Tribune" is the tribe's newspaper. "CATV channel 47" is the tribe's low power FCC licensed television station. CATV's call letters are K47MU-D. The Cheyenne-Arapaho Tribes of Oklahoma Culture and Heritage Program teaches hand games, powwow dancing and songs, horse care and riding, buffalo management, and Cheyenne and Arapaho language, and sponsored several running events.
College.
In partnership with Southwestern Oklahoma State University, the tribe founded the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribal College on August 25, 2006. Dr. Henrietta Mann, enrolled tribal member, currently is president. The campus is in Weatherford, Oklahoma and the school offers programs in Tribal Administration, American Indian Studies, and General Studies.
History.
The Arapaho, also Algonquian speaking, came from Saskatchewan, Montana, Wyoming, eastern Colorado, and western South Dakota in the 18th century. They adopted horse culture and became successful nomadic hunters. In 1800, the tribe began coalescing into northern and southern groups. Although the Arapaho had assisted the Cheyenne and Lakota in driving the Kiowa and Comanche south from the Northern Plains, in 1840 they made peace with both tribes. They became prosperous traders, until the expansion of American settlers onto their lands after the Civil War.
The Cheyenne and Arapaho formed an alliance in the 18th and 19th centuries. Together they were a formidable military force, successful hunters, and active traders with other tribes. At the height of their alliance, their combined hunting territories spanned from Montana to Texas.
The US government brought the tribes to council again in 1867, to achieve peace under the Medicine Lodge Treaty. It promised the Arapaho a reservation in Kansas, but they disliked the location. They accepted a reservation with the Cheyenne in Indian Territory, so both tribes were forced to remove south near Fort Reno in present-day Oklahoma.
The Dawes Act broke up the Cheyenne-Arapaho land base. All land not allotted to individual Indians was opened to settlement in the Land Run of 1892. The Curtis Act of 1898 dismantled the tribal governments in an attempt to have the tribal members assimilate to United States conventions and culture.
After the Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act passed in 1936, the Cheyenne and Arapaho organized a single tribal government in 1937. The Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 further enhanced tribal development.

</doc>
<doc id="21444967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21444967" title="Eric Jones (golfer)">
Eric Jones (golfer)

Eric Jones, MA, Professional Golfers' Association of America (PGA) is a PGA Professional who won the 2003 RE/MAX World Long Drive Championship senior division. He is also the 2004 LDA Long Drive Tour Senior Rookie of the Year, and winner of the 2006 Players Tour Long Drive Championship in both the Open and Senior divisions. 
Eric Jones has a Masters Degree in Sport psychology from John F. Kennedy University (2007), and a BA from Stanford University (1980). Eric Jones played golf for the Stanford Men's golf team (1976–1980), and was also the JV/Assistant golf coach in 1991/92. Eric Jones is the founder of the Seaver Golf Academy, named after well-known amateur golfer Charles Seaver. Eric Jones is the grandson of Charles Seaver and nephew of Hall of Fame baseball pitcher Tom Seaver. Eric Jones is the author of "The 5 Keys to Distance", an ebook dedicated to helping golfers hit longer drives.

</doc>
<doc id="21445008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445008" title="Wyoming Highway 370">
Wyoming Highway 370

Wyoming Highway 370 is an unmarked state highway that runs east of Rock Springs, Wyoming from Interstate 80/U.S. Route 30 (exit 111) to the Rock Springs - Sweetwater County Airport.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 370 runs from an interchange with Interstate 80/U.S. Route 30 at Exit 111 that it shares with the south end of Sweetwater County Route 43 (Baxter Road), that travels north from there. Exit 111 is signed only as "Airport Road" from the Interstate, with one sign indicating "Baxter Road" along the interstate. There are no WYO 370 shields along the Interstate. WYO 370 travels east to the Rock Springs Regional Airport. 
The airport sits on top of a large bluff, and Highway 370 travels in wide arcs up to the top of the hill. The location of the airport on a bluff makes this one of the most interesting airport approaches by airplane. Milepost 0.00 is at I-80/US 30, there is a Union Pacific Railroad Separation at Milepost 0.66. The airport is located at the end of the highway at Milepost 4.66.

</doc>
<doc id="21445036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445036" title="Sapporo Community Dome">
Sapporo Community Dome

, widely known for its nickname , is a multi-purpose hall located in Higashi-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Japan. Owned by Sapporo city, the dome is run by the Sapporo Health Sports Foundation. 
Overview.
The dome is 132.4 m in diameter, 43 m in height, and has an area of 17,865 m². The dome is located on the outskirts of central Sapporo city, and is near Sakaemachi Station, which is on the Tōhō Line of the Sapporo Municipal Subway. The dome also has a park golf course, tennis court, and parking lot. 
Along with a number of sporting events including marathons, basketball, and football competitions, the dome holds other events such as the Golden Market, which is the biggest flea market in Sapporo and is held annually at the dome. 
2009 marked the 60th anniversary of the Sapporo Snow Festival, and in this year the second venue of the festival was moved from the Sapporo Satoland site to the Tsudome site. This transference of the sites was done to reduce the parking lot costs by restricting a large number of cars visiting from the site and to help alleviate traffic congestion. Although the parking lot has a capacity of 306 cars, the Tsudome site did not allow parking for cars and asked visitors to use public transportation to reach the Tsudome site during the Festival this year.

</doc>
<doc id="21445041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445041" title="2009 Brasil Open">
2009 Brasil Open

The 2009 Brasil Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 9th edition of the Brasil Open, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2009 ATP Tour. It took place in Costa do Sauípe, Brazil, from February 9 through February 14, 2008.
The singles line up was led by world no. 17 and defending champion Nicolás Almagro, Tommy Robredo and Albert Montañés. Other top seeds are 2009 Viña del Mar finalist José Acasuso, Marcel Granollers, Eduardo Schwank, Nicolas Devilder and Potito Starace.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="21445044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445044" title="Isenburg-Arnfels">
Isenburg-Arnfels

Isenburg-Arnfels was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Bad Hönningen in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Isenburg-Arnfels was created upon the partition in 1286 of the lands of Count Henry II between his sons, the youngest Gerlach receiving his territories in and around Bad Hönningen. The castle of Arenfels, from which the name of the state is derived, was built by Count Henry II in 1258/9. In 1379 after the death of the last count, Isenburg-Arnfels was inherited by Count Gerlach of Isenburg-Wied.

</doc>
<doc id="21445056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445056" title="Leslie M. Palm">
Leslie M. Palm

Leslie M. Palm (born October 14, 1944) is a retired United States Marine Corps major general who is currently the Publisher and CEO of the Marine Corps Association. His last active duty position was the Director, Marine Corps Staff, Headquarters Marine Corps, Washington, D.C. (1996–1998). Palm retired on September 1, 1998.
Biography.
Leslie Palm was born on October 14, 1944, in Marysville, California. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree in 1966 from the University of Oregon, where he was a member of Sigma Chi. He later earned a master's degree in Military Arts and Sciences from the Army Command and General Staff College in 1980 and a Master of Arts in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College in 1986.
Palm entered the Marine Corps through the Platoon Leaders Course Program and was commissioned a second lieutenant on November 1, 1966. Upon completion of The Basic School at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia, in August 1967, he attended Field Artillery Officers Basic Course at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, graduating in November 1967.
From December 1967 to December 1968, Palm served in Vietnam as a Forward Observer and Fire Direction Officer in the 1st Battalion, 13th Marines at Khe Sahn. He also commanded a 155 mm gun platoon and 8" platoon of the 5th 155 mm Gun Battery. Upon returning to the United States he was assigned to Fort Sill as a gunnery instructor in both the basic and career branches. While in this assignment, he was promoted to captain on December 1, 1970.
In January 1972, he was assigned to the 3rd Marine Division on Okinawa where he commanded D Battery, 2nd Battalion, 12th Marines and served as the Battalion S-3 Officer. Returning from overseas, he attended the Amphibious Warfare School, Quantico, then was reassigned to The Basic School, where he commanded the Artillery Demonstration Unit. During May 1974, he transferred to Headquarters Marine Corps, where he was assigned to the Officer Assignment Section until June 1976, when he was selected as the aide-de-camp to the Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps. He was promoted to major on July 1, 1977.
From July 1977 to June 1979, he served in the 2nd Marine Division, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, as the S-3 Officer for the 1st Battalion, 10th Marines. He then attended the Army Command & General Staff College, graduating in June 1980. General Palm was ordered to Amphibious Group Two in Little Creek, Virginia, where he served as Assistant Plans Officer and the Supporting Arms Coordinator. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel on July 1, 1982.
From July 1982 until October 1983, he served as the Director of Manpower for the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California, then was reassigned to the 7th Marine Amphibious Brigade to command the 4th Battalion (redesignation 5th Battalion), 11th Marines until July 1985. He graduated from the Naval War College, Newport, R.I., in June 1986.
He was again ordered to Headquarters Marine Corps and served as the Head of Manpower Planning and Programming and Budgeting Section. On July 1, 1988, he was assigned as the Military Assistant to the Assistant Commandant. he was promoted to colonel on October 1, 1988. When the Office of the Assistant Commandant and the Office of the Chief of Staff were combined in February 1989, he assumed the responsibilities of Secretary of the General Staff.
On August 16, 1990, he assumed command of the 10th Marine Regiment and participated in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. While serving in this capacity, he was selected in December 1991 for promotion to brigadier general. He was advanced to that grade on May 1, 1992, and assumed his duties as Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, (Manpower Plans & Policy), Headquarters Marine Corps, Washington, D.C.
Brigadier General Palm assumed command of Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California on August 16, 1994. In February 1995, while serving as the Commanding General, MCAGCC Twentynine Palms, he was promoted to the grade of Major General. In 1996, he became the Director, Marine Corps Staff, Headquarters Marine Corps, Washington, D.C., serving in that post until 1998. Palm retired on September 1, 1998.
Palm is currently the Publisher and CEO of the Marine Corps Association, which publishes the "Leatherneck Magazine" and the "Marine Corps Gazette.

</doc>
<doc id="21445057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445057" title="Jeremiah Ryan">
Jeremiah Ryan

Jeremiah Ryan (30 July 1891 – date of death unknown) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. A farmer, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938 and 1943 general elections. He did not contest the 1944 general election. He was elected to the 6th Seanad on the Administrative Panel in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="21445058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445058" title="Gerlach I of Isenburg-Arnfels">
Gerlach I of Isenburg-Arnfels

Gerlach I of Isenburg-Arnfels was the Count of Isenburg-Arnfels from 1286 (1287) until 1303.
Gerlach was the youngest son of Count Henry II of Isenburg-Grenzau. In 1286 he partitioned his lands between his sons, and Gerlach as the youngest received those around Bad Hönningen. He was succeeded by his son Theodoric in 1303.

</doc>
<doc id="21445063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445063" title="Theodoric of Isenburg-Arnfels">
Theodoric of Isenburg-Arnfels

Theodoric of Isenburg-Arnfels (German: Dietrich von Isenburg-Arnfels) was the Count of Isenburg-Arnfels from 1303 until 1333.

</doc>
<doc id="21445065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445065" title="Jason Snell (footballer)">
Jason Snell (footballer)

Jason Snell (born 27 July 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL).
When Snell arrived at Geelong from the Eastern Ranges, it was as a midfielder but he was often used up forward in the AFL. The 34th pick of the 1995 AFL Draft, he kicked five goals in a quarter against Port Adelaide in 1997 and put together 16 games in 1998. He played all but one game in 1999 and the following season averaged 15.60 disposals.
After starting the 2001 AFL season, with a 22 disposal and two goal effort in a win over the West Coast Eagles, Snell's career came to an end two rounds later when he severely injured his leg. His injury, sustained against Melbourne at the MCG, was so serious that the bone pierced the skin, he got up and screamed for the trainer. Snell had to have his left ankle fused and announced his retirement in 2002 after being told he would never be able to run again.
Following his football career, Snell became involved in founding recruitment agency nexthire (formerly final5). He is currently a shareholder and General Manager of nexthire

</doc>
<doc id="21445071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445071" title="Gerlach II of Isenburg-Arnfels">
Gerlach II of Isenburg-Arnfels

Gerlach II of Isenburg-Arnfels was the Count of Isenburg-Arnfels from 1333 until 1379. After his death, the line of counts of Arnfels was extinct, so the lands were inherited by Isenburg-Wied.

</doc>
<doc id="21445080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445080" title="John of Isenburg-Arnfels">
John of Isenburg-Arnfels

John of Isenburg-Arnfels (German: Johann von Isenburg-Arnfels) was the co-Count of Isenburg-Arnfels from 1305 until 1319 with Count Theodoric.

</doc>
<doc id="21445081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445081" title="2000 America's Cup">
2000 America's Cup

The 30th America's Cup was contested between the holder, Team New Zealand, and the winner of the 2000 Louis Vuitton Cup, Prada Challenge. It was the first America's Cup without an American challenger or defender.

</doc>
<doc id="21445087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445087" title="Adrian van Hooydonk">
Adrian van Hooydonk

Adrian van Hooydonk (born 21 June 1964 in Echt, Limburg), is a Dutch automobile designer, best known for several modern BMW concept cars and production vehicles. He is based in Munich, Germany.
Biography.
He studied at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, where he received his diploma in 1988. His career started off with one year as a freelance designer, followed in 1989 as a product designer with GE Plastics Europe, and then returned to study Automotive Design Studies at Art Center Europe in Vevey, Switzerland. 
Work at BMW.
He joined BMW in 1992 as an automotive exterior designer in Munich, Germany. In 2000 he was Head of Automotive Exterior Design at BMW's industrial design centre DesignworksUSA, quickly becoming the president of Designworks in 2001. He left Designworks in 2005 to be promoted to head up the Brand Design Studio, under the direction of the BMW Group Design Director Chris Bangle, and in 2009 became Director of BMW Group Design, succeeding Chris Bangle as the head of design for the company. As head of group design he oversees the design work of BMW, Mini and Rolls-Royce. He credits Italian architect Mario Bellini as one of his most influential designers.

</doc>
<doc id="21445098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445098" title="Isenburg-Offenbach">
Isenburg-Offenbach

Isenburg-Offenbach was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Offenbach and Neu Isenburg (built by the counts in 1699) in modern Hesse, Germany. It was created as a partition of Isenburg-Büdingen-Birstein in 1628. In 1711 the immediacy passed to Isenburg-Birstein while the line was partitioned into Isenburg-Eisenberg and Isenburg-Philippseich.

</doc>
<doc id="21445103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445103" title="John Louis of Isenburg-Offenbach">
John Louis of Isenburg-Offenbach

John Louis of Isenburg-Offenbach (German: Johann Ludgwig von Isenburg-Offenbach) was the Count Isenburg-Offenbach from 1635 until 1685, and the co-Count of Isenburg-Birstein from 1641 until 1685.

</doc>
<doc id="21445104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445104" title="IPhone Touch">
IPhone Touch

iPhone Touch is a mistaken reference to one of two touchscreen devices by Apple Inc.:

</doc>
<doc id="21445114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445114" title="Isenburg-Eisenberg">
Isenburg-Eisenberg

Isenburg-Eisenberg was the name of a junior, non-immediate line of the House of Isenburg. It was partitioned from Isenburg-Offenbach in 1711, and became extinct in 1758.

</doc>
<doc id="21445128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445128" title="Isenburg-Braunsberg">
Isenburg-Braunsberg

Isenburg-Braunsberg was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Braunsberg in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It was created as a partition of Isenburg-Isenburg in 1199 (1210). In 1338 Isenburg-Braunsberg became an Imperial County. It slowly acquired territories of the County of Wied, being renamed to Isenburg-Wied in 1388.

</doc>
<doc id="21445134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445134" title="Bruno II of Isenburg-Braunsberg">
Bruno II of Isenburg-Braunsberg

Bruno II of Isenburg-Braunsberg was the Count of Isenburg-Braunsberg from 1210 until 1255.

</doc>
<doc id="21445135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445135" title="Here's Your Life">
Here's Your Life

"Here's Your Life" () is a 1966 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Troell, based on the second of Eyvind Johnson's semi-autobiographical series of four novels "Romanen om Olof", about a working-class boy growing up in northern Sweden.
Awards.
It won the Gold and Silver Hugo at the Chicago International Film Festival in 1967 for Best Film and Best Director, as well as the award for Best Director at the 4th Guldbagge Awards. It was also entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 40th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="21445141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445141" title="Bruno III of Isenburg-Braunsberg">
Bruno III of Isenburg-Braunsberg

Bruno III of Isenburg-Braunsberg was the Count of Isenburg-Braunsberg from 1255 until 1278.

</doc>
<doc id="21445142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445142" title="Callignee, Victoria">
Callignee, Victoria

Callignee is a locality in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia. The locality is east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Callignee and the surrounding area had a population of 495.
The locality was severely affected by the Black Saturday bushfires, including four fatalities plus another fatality at nearby Upper Callignee.

</doc>
<doc id="21445146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445146" title="John I of Isenburg-Braunsberg">
John I of Isenburg-Braunsberg

John I of Isenburg-Braunsberg was the Count of Isenburg-Braunsberg from 1278 until 1327.

</doc>
<doc id="21445152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445152" title="Delocated">
Delocated

Delocated (or known in the title card as Delocated New York) is an American television series that premiered February 12, 2009 on Adult Swim. The original pilot for the show was aired on April 1, 2008. Jon Glaser plays a man in the Witness Protection Program who moves his family to New York City. The family exploits the situation by starring in a reality TV show about being in the Witness Protection Program (in which, initially, they all wear disguises for their faces and voices; later, only "Jon" does). Paul Rudd guest-stars in the pilot as himself. Eugene Mirman co-stars as a Russian hitman/aspiring stand-up comic hired to kill "Jon."
This series is produced by "Wonder Showzen" and "" creators PFFR. It leans decidedly more towards deadpan humor, and does not use the black humor of their other shows. It is similar in format to "The Office", in that it mocks a reality show setup, as if it were a non-fiction, documentary or reality show, not a fictional comedy.
In the first seven episodes, "Delocated" had an eleven-minute runtime; as of season two, each episode had a twenty-two-minute runtime. The off-season series finale aired on March 7, 2013.
Plot.
After testifying as a witness against a Russian mob family, "Jon" and his family are uprooted and start living undercover through the witness protection program. After existing quietly in an anonymous suburb, "Jon" accepts an offer for the family to participate in a reality show based on their current lives. In order to protect their identities from viewers—which could include the Russian gangsters who want him killed for testifying against them—they wear ski masks and have their voices surgically disguised. As part of the deal, the family is relocated to an upscale loft in New York City, where the series will be filmed. Not only does "Jon" find out that the "sweet" loft was not as advertised, his wife "Susan" promptly concludes that the life of a ski-masked, voice-disguised reality TV star is the wrong environment for her and their teenage son "David." Picked up for a second season by the network, "Jon" has little time to celebrate as the vicious Mirminsky family renews its efforts to destroy him and everything he holds dear.
DVD release.
The first two seasons were released on DVD in the United States on January 17, 2012. In Australia Madman Entertainment has plans to release the DVD as well according to a recent DVD sampler.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21445153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445153" title="William I of Isenburg-Braunsberg">
William I of Isenburg-Braunsberg

William I of Isenburg-Braunsberg (German: Wilhelm I. von Isenburg-Braunsberg) was the Count of Isenburg-Braunsberg from 1327 until 1383. In 1338 William was raised to an Imperial Count.

</doc>
<doc id="21445158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445158" title="William II of Isenburg-Wied">
William II of Isenburg-Wied

William II of Isenburg-Wied (German: Wilhelm II. von Isenburg-Wied) was the Count of Isenburg-Braunsberg from 1383 until 1388, and the Count of Isenburg-Wied from 1388 until 1409. William renamed his state Isenburg-Wied in 1388.

</doc>
<doc id="21445173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445173" title="Isenburg-Covern">
Isenburg-Covern

Isenburg-Covern was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Kobern-Gondorf in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It was partitioned from Isenburg-Limburg-Covern in 1158. After the counts became extinct in 1306 it was annexed by Isenburg-Cleberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21445174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445174" title="James Jessop">
James Jessop

James Jessop (born 1974) is a British contemporary artist. He trained at The Royal College of Art (RCA) and Coventry University. He lectures at City and Guilds of London Art School.
His work draws influence from early New York Subway Art and pop culture. He mainly works on large scale canvasses with oil paint, mocking Spoof Horror B-Movie posters. His diptych painting, "Fused Foot Star", in in the collection of the RCA. 
While working as a security guard, he exhibited in Charles Saatchi's March 2004 "New Blood" exhibition.
Jessop was shortlisted for the £25,000 Threadneedle Prize at the Mall Galleries, London in 2010.
His 2010 solo show, "Beauty and the Beast", at High Roller Society in London included some of his largest works to date, dewsigned to make an impact, still fusing street art with more traditional mediums.
Jessop has worked extensively with Polo Ralph Lauren Jeans in the past year as part of their Art Stars project.
In May 2012 Jessop was featured on BBC 1's The Apprentice UK where the team was challenged to sell the work of various Urban Artists.

</doc>
<doc id="21445177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445177" title="Gerlach II of Isenburg-Covern">
Gerlach II of Isenburg-Covern

Gerlach II of Isenburg-Covern was the Count of Isenburg-Covern from 1158 until 1217.

</doc>
<doc id="21445183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445183" title="Gerlach III of Isenburg-Covern">
Gerlach III of Isenburg-Covern

Gerlach III of Isenburg-Covern was the Count of Isenburg-Covern from 1217 until 1235.

</doc>
<doc id="21445187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445187" title="Henry of Isenburg-Covern">
Henry of Isenburg-Covern

Henry of Isenburg-Covern (German: Heinrich von Isenburg-Covern) was the Count of Isenburg-Covern from 1229 until 1263.

</doc>
<doc id="21445195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445195" title="Frederick I of Isenburg-Covern">
Frederick I of Isenburg-Covern

Frederick I of Isenburg-Covern (German: Friedrich I. von Isenburg-Covern) was the Count of Isenburg-Covern from 1246 until 1272.

</doc>
<doc id="21445198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445198" title="Frederick II of Isenburg-Covern">
Frederick II of Isenburg-Covern

Frederick II of Isenburg-Covern (German: Friedrich II. von Isenburg-Covern) was the Count of Isenburg-Covern from 1272 until 1277.

</doc>
<doc id="21445201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445201" title="Xuventú Sanxenxo">
Xuventú Sanxenxo

Club Xuventú Sanxenxo is a Spanish football team based in the municipality of Sanxenxo. Xuventú Sanxenxo currently plays in Preferente Autonómica – Group Sur.

</doc>
<doc id="21445206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445206" title="John Cadman (convict)">
John Cadman (convict)

John Cadman (1772 – 12 November 1848) worked as a publican in England, before becoming a convict and being transported to Australia.
Outline of life.
On 9 December 1797( Cannot occur after Transportation !), Cadman was sentenced to transportation for life at the Worcester assizes, after being arrested at Bewdley on the charge of stealing a horse. Cadman was transported aboard the Barwell, which left Portsmouth, 7 November 1797 and reached Sydney, 18 May 1798.
In 1809, Cadman became the coxswain of a government boat. Whilst in the service of the Government as a coxswain, he lost an eye. Cadman received a conditional pardon from Governor Lachlan Macquarie in 1814 and a free pardon in 1821. Cadman became the master of the Cutter "Mars" in 1825, which took 25 prisoners to Newcastle. He was then promoted to the position of Superintendent of Government Boats at Sydney in 1827 on a salary of £91, until he retired in 1845. When that position of office was abolished in 1845, Governor Sir George Gipps recommended 'his great respectability' and arranged for him to be paid a retiring gratuity of £182.
Since 1816 Cadman had occupied a rough stone cottage at The Rocks. Cadmans Cottage still stands today and is Australia's oldest surviving house within the city of Sydney. 5,6 Jan 1818, Cadman received government permission to marry at Sydney. On 26 October 1830 John married Elizabeth Mortimer.
Cadman died on 12 November 1848 and was survived by Elizabeth Mortimer and her two daughters from a previous alliance. Cadman was buried in the old Devonshire Street Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21445208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445208" title="Robin of Isenburg-Covern">
Robin of Isenburg-Covern

Robin of Isenburg-Covern was the Count of Isenburg-Covern from 1277 until 1306. Robin was the last count of Isenburg-Covern, and after his death it was inherited by Isenburg-Cleberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21445215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445215" title="Armando Oréfiche">
Armando Oréfiche

Armando Orefiche ( Havana, Cuba 5 June 1911- Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, December 2000) was a Cuban composer and pianist in the mid-20th century. He led the band Armando Orefiche and his Havana Cuban Boys until the 1980s, when they dissolved. Orefiche subsequently took a position as pianist at the five-star Hotel Reina Isabel of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria.
He was also one of many artists who played with the Lecuona Cuban Boys between 1935 and 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="21445228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445228" title="Bernabé">
Bernabé

Bernabé may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21445229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445229" title="Requiem (The Autumn Offering album)">
Requiem (The Autumn Offering album)

Requiem is the fourth album by Florida metal band The Autumn Offering. It was released on June 9, 2009 through Victory Records. This is the last album to feature any of the original members as Matt Johnson quit the band in 2010. According to the group, the album contains "by far the band's most ambitious and dense material yet. Longer songs, complex rhythms, and dynamic vocals fill out this 11-track monster."
In April 2009, the vocalist of The Autumn Offering gave the website MetalSucks a preview of "Requiem". After previously giving The Autumn Offering's 2007 release "Fear Will Cast No Shadow" a very negative review, the reviewer from MetalSucks was optimistic about this release stating, "I'm certainly gonna give this band another chance."

</doc>
<doc id="21445238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445238" title="Jeeralang, Victoria">
Jeeralang, Victoria

Jeeralang is a locality in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia. The locality is east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Jeeralang and the surrounding area had a population of 589.
The locality was severely affected by the Black Saturday bushfires, including a fatality.

</doc>
<doc id="21445240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445240" title="Victor Ganz">
Victor Ganz

Victor Wendell Ganz (1913–1987) was an American business owner and art collector. He was the president of D. Lisner & Company, a small costume jewelry manufacturer. With limited resources he and his wife Sally Wile Ganz built one of the most important collections of contemporary art in the 20th century. They became known for their ability to chose art, as "collectors who never made a mistake." Their collection was sold after their deaths in record-setting auctions.
Biography.
Victor Wendell Ganz was born in New York on April 7, 1913. The son of Saul Ganz and his wife, the former Ruth Wendell, he attended public schools and the City College of New York before going to work at D. Lisner Company, a costume jewelry business, that had been founded by his uncle in 1875. Lisner costume jewelry was sold all over the United States, but maintained a small sales force of about ten reps throughout the country. As president of Lisner, Victor Ganz was a creative spirit and became involved in every aspect of jewelry production. He traveled weekly between New York and Providence to oversee manufacturing. After his in-house designer, Sidney Welicky retired, Ganz himself and Iraida Garey, vice president of product development, took over the designing responsibilities. Ganz' style could be seen in everything from the actual jewelry to the retail packaging and advertising.
Ganz started collecting art in his teenage years with the purchases of watercolors by Louis Eilshemius and Jules Pascin and an oil painting by Raphael Soyer. With these purchases, his fascination with contemporary masters was born. 
Ganz had almost no training and was largely self-taught. In the 1930s he had a strict regimen in order to learn more about art. Every Saturday he traveled as far as possible, visiting exhibitions and art shows in and around New York. Although he made contacts with artists, dealers and curators, most of his knowledge came from the study of the works themselves. 
In 1941, there began what Ganz sometimes described as "a love affair with Picasso." He bought his first Picasso in 1941, "Le Rêve" for $7,000 (Steve Wynn, the current owner of painting, infamously poked a 6 inch hole in the picture with his elbow while showing it to some prominent guests in 2007. He had recently arranged to sell the painting to Steven A. Cohen for $140 million, which would have made it the highest price ever paid for a painting. The deal fell through after the mishap). In 1942 Victor Ganz married Sally Wile, and together they started a collection that represented more than merely a collection; for them it was a passion. Thereafter the Ganzes bought heavily and very well in all periods of Picasso, and in 1956 they acquired the entire series of Picasso's variations of Eugène Delacroix's "The Women of Algiers". The series was composed of 15 works and acquired at a cost of $212,953. Victor Ganz later sold all but five to dealers and museums for about $138,000.
Knowing that Picasso by then had acquired the status of an Old Master, the Ganzes began shortly afterward to collect Jasper Johns, Robert Rauschenberg and later Frank Stella. When these artists, in their turn, had assumed magisterial status, the couple once again turned to young and less familiar artists, especially to Eva Hesse, Dorothea Rockburne and Mel Bochner. In every case Ganz and his wife worked as equal partners and showed a degree of discrimination that was much admired by museum professionals.
During the rest of his life Ganz and his wife gathered several masterpieces for very low prices. The Ganzes accumulated works by Jasper Johns, Eva Hesse, Robert Rauschenberg, Frank Stella, Mel Bochner and other artists whom the couple championed and befriended. Their understanding of emerging leaders of the art world such as Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg earned Victor Ganz appointments in leading museums and associations. On his retirement, he gave all his time and energy to public service for art. A trustee of the Whitney Museum beginning in 1981, and its vice president when he died, Ganz was the only active trustee to have served on all its acquisition committees. He was also chairman of the Battery Park City Fine Arts Committee from its inception in 1982 to his death. In 1985 Ganz served on the museum's advisory panel of the National Endowment for the Arts.
Victor Ganz died of lung cancer at his home in New York on October 26, 1987. He was 74 years old. Sally Ganz died January 27, 1997, also at home, aged 85.
Dispersal of the collection.
Sally Ganz consigned 12 paintings to Sotheby's, where they sold for $48.4 million on November 10, 1988, the third-highest gross for a collection of modern and contemporary art sold at auction. Inheritance taxes forced the Ganzes' children to dispose of the most valuable part of the collection in 1997. In November 1997, works from the collection were sold in four separate auctions at Christie's, New York. At the time, Christie's estimated the sales to fetch more than $125 million.
The most important works were sold on November 10, 1997 in a single owner sale of 58 works of which 57 sold. Christie's had put the Ganz collection up for viewing for a month preceding the auction at its Park Avenue galleries and at its annex at 308 East 59th Street. More than 25,000 people visited Christie's to view the works and more than 2,000 people attended the auction.
For 73 of the 114 works sold in 1997, initial purchase prices are known. In 1997 dollars, these works had cost $4.9 million and fetched $206.5 million (including buyer's premium) in November, 1997. The Ganzes are estimated to have netted revenue of $183.8 million. The annualised growth in value (after inflation) was 12.06%, or 11.74% after seller's commissions. At the time of the auction, it was the largest private owner art sale in history.

</doc>
<doc id="21445273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445273" title="Siegfried of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Siegfried of Isenburg-Kempenich

Siegfried of Isenburg-Kempenich was the Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1142 until circa 1153.
Siegfried succeeded Richwin of Wied as lord of Kempenich. In 1152 he sent some of his daughters into the Abbey of St. Maria in Andernach. After his death, Kempenich passed through marriage to Reynold of the House of Isenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21445284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445284" title="2009 Brasil Open – Singles">
2009 Brasil Open – Singles

Nicolás Almagro was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Frederico Gil.
In the final, Tommy Robredo defeated Thomaz Bellucci, 6–3, 3–6, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="21445285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445285" title="Korean automobile industry">
Korean automobile industry

Korean automobile industry can refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21445296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445296" title="Reynold of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Reynold of Isenburg-Kempenich

Reynold of Isenburg-Kempenich was the Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich.
Reynold inherited the Lordship of Kempenich from Siegfried in c. 1153. Reynold died sometime before 1158 and was succeeded by his two surviving sons Theodoric I and Florentin; his other son Salentin having died during the Crusades.

</doc>
<doc id="21445301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445301" title="Theodoric I of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Theodoric I of Isenburg-Kempenich

Theodoric I of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Dietrich I von Isenburg-Kempenich) was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich co-ruling with his brother Florentin.
Theodoric I was a son of Reynold, whom he and Florentin succeeded sometime before 1158. Theodoric and Florentin were mentioned in a document of the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa in 1158, and in another document in 1166 where Countess Hildegund of Are donated an abbey to the Archbishopric of Cologne. Theodoric and Florentin were also witnesses in 1173 to the granting of independence to the Abbey of Siegburg. Theodoric had died sometime before 1186. His sons, Salentin, Rosemann and Theodoric II eventually succeeded his brother Florentin.

</doc>
<doc id="21445303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445303" title="Florentin of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Florentin of Isenburg-Kempenich

Florentin of Isenburg-Kempenich was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich co-ruling with his brother Theodoric I.
Florentin was a son of Reynold, whom he and Theodoric succeeded sometime before 1158. Theodoric and Florentin were mentioned in a document of the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa in 1158, and in another document in 1166 where Countess Hildegund of Are donated an abbey to the Archbishopric of Cologne. Theodoric and Florentin were also witnesses in 1173 to the granting of independence to the Abbey of Siegburg. Theodoric had died sometime before 1186, leaving Florentin the sole ruler of Kempenich. It is unknown when Florentin died, but he was succeeded by Theodoric's sons, Salentin, Rosemann and Theodoric II.

</doc>
<doc id="21445304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445304" title="Long Gully, Victoria">
Long Gully, Victoria

Long Gully is a suburb of the regional city of Bendigo in Victoria, Australia north-west of the Bendigo central business district. At the 2006 census, Long Gully had a population of 3,289.
Long Gully is a working-class suburb of Bendigo, featuring many older style fibro houses, punctuated by well-established light industry. The suburb is the location of the Bendigo RSL club, in Havilah Road. 
Long Gully was heavily affected by the Black Saturday bushfires, causing one death.

</doc>
<doc id="21445309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445309" title="Salentin of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Salentin of Isenburg-Kempenich

Salentin of Isenburg-Kempenich was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich co-ruling with his brothers Rosemann and Theodoric II.
Salentin was a son of Theodoric I of Isenburg-Kempenich who co-ruled with his brother Florentin. After the death of his father and uncle, Salentin and his brothers became the lords of Kempenich. Salentin, the eldest, became the most important of the three brothers. Salentin was mentioned as a witness, alone from his brothers, to the founding of the Abbey of Laach in 1213. Salentin died sometime after. His son Theodoric III eventually succeeded.

</doc>
<doc id="21445311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445311" title="1995 America's Cup">
1995 America's Cup

The 29th America's Cup was contested between the winner of the 1995 Citizen Cup, Team Dennis Conner, with the yacht "Stars & Stripes" (ex "Young America" USA 36), and the winner of the 1995 Louis Vuitton Cup, Team New Zealand, with the yacht "Black Magic" (NZL 32).

</doc>
<doc id="21445317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445317" title="Rosemann of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Rosemann of Isenburg-Kempenich

Rosemann of Isenburg-Kempenich was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich co-ruling with his brothers Salentin and Theodoric II, and eventually his nephew Theodoric III.
Rosemann was a son of Theodoric I of Isenburg-Kempenich who co-ruled with his brother Florentin. After the death of his father and uncle, Rosemann and his brothers became the lords of Kempenich. Salentin, the eldest, became the most important of the three brothers, but after his death sometime after 1213 Rosemann became the senior member. Rosemann was mentioned in documents as late as 1255, and he used his close relation to the powerful counts of Virneburg and Isenburg-Grenzau to improve the standing of Kempenich.

</doc>
<doc id="21445318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445318" title="Theodoric II of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Theodoric II of Isenburg-Kempenich

Theodoric II of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Dietrich II. von Isenburg-Kempenich) was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich co-ruling with his brothers Salentin and Florentin, and eventually his nephew Theodoric III.
Theodoric was a son of Theodoric I of Isenburg-Kempenich who co-ruled with his brother Florentin. After the death of his father and uncle, Theodoric and his brothers became the lords of Kempenich. Theodoric died in 1232

</doc>
<doc id="21445321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445321" title="Theodoric III of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Theodoric III of Isenburg-Kempenich

Theodoric III of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Dietrich III. von Isenburg-Kempenich) was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich co-ruling with his uncles Florentin and Theodoric II.
Theodoric was a son of Salentin of Isenburg-Kempenich who co-ruled with his brothers. After Salentin's death, Theodoric became a co-ruler with his uncles. Theodoric eventually outlived his uncles. He was succeeded by his son Gerard I.

</doc>
<doc id="21445323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445323" title="List of Royal Australian Air Force groups">
List of Royal Australian Air Force groups

This is a list of all the groups the Royal Australian Air Force has organised since it was established.

</doc>
<doc id="21445324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445324" title="Gerard I of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Gerard I of Isenburg-Kempenich

Gerard I of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Gerhard I. von Isenburg-Kempenich) was a Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich.
Gerard was a son of Theodoric III of Isenburg-Kempenich. He succeeded his father before 1277, in which year he made his territories mediate to the Archbishopric of Trier. Gerard has two sons, but the name of his elder son is the only one known: Theodoric (IV). The sons of Theodoric and the son of his other son eventually became embroiled in a succession war in 1330 - 1331.

</doc>
<doc id="21445329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445329" title="Theodoric IV of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Theodoric IV of Isenburg-Kempenich

Theodoric IV of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Dietrich IV. von Isenburg-Kempenich) was the Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich until 1329.
Theodoric was the elder son of Gerard I. He was succeeded by his sons, Simon I and Theodoric V, and his nephew, Gerard II.

</doc>
<doc id="21445334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445334" title="Simon I of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Simon I of Isenburg-Kempenich

Simon I of Isenburg-Kempenich was the Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1329 until 1341.
Simon was a son of Theodoric IV. After his father's death in 1329, he and his brother Theodoric V succeeded him, with his cousin Gerard II who was supported by the Archbishop of Trier. In 1330, Simon made himself the sole ruler of Kempenich, sparking a succession war in which Gerard II brought in his allies, the Counts and Lords of Landskron, Rheineck, Schönberg, Eich, Ölbruck and the Archbishop. Simon and Theodoric also brought in their allies, and formed the "White Sleeves" against Gerard's "Red Sleeves".
Both sides plundered and terrified the population in and around Kempenich. In 1331 Simon took the church of Kempenich to use its ecclesiastical office against the Red Sleeves. Gerard of Landskron burnt the church down, however, and both Simon and Gerard were excommunicated by Archbishop Baldwin of Luxembourg. On 11 June 1331 the Peace of Lahnstein was signed in which Simon was confirmed as the sole ruler of Kempenich and his excommunication was lifted. Simon died in 1341 and was succeeded by his son Simon II; Gerard died without any children prior.

</doc>
<doc id="21445338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445338" title="Theodoric V of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Theodoric V of Isenburg-Kempenich

Theodoric V of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Dietrich V. der Senger von Isenburg-Kempenich), called "the Arsonist", was the co-Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1329 until 1330.
Theodoric V was a son of Theodoric IV. After his father's death in 1329, he and his brother Simon I succeeded him, with his cousin Gerard II who was supported by the Archbishop of Trier. In 1330, Simon made himself the sole ruler of Kempenich, sparking a succession war in which Gerard II brought in his allies, the Counts and Lords of Landskron, Rheineck, Schönberg, Eich, Ölbruck and the Archbishop. Theodoric supported Simon and together brought in their allies, and formed the "White Sleeves" against Gerard's "Red Sleeves".
Both sides plundered and terrified the population in and around Kempenich, and Theodoric was the most brutal and barbaric of all the involved lords, earning him the title 'the Arsonist'. He was, however, soon captured by Gerard of Landskron and thrown into a dungeon.

</doc>
<doc id="21445342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445342" title="Patrick Duddy">
Patrick Duddy

Patrick Duddy is an American diplomat, formerly United States Ambassador to Venezuela. He served from August 6, 2007 to September 11, 2008, during the Bush Administration, was expelled by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, and eight months later was returned as Ambassador by the Obama Administration. He replaced William Brownfield, who also was the subject of repeated threats of expulsion from Chavez before leaving to become ambassador to Colombia. 
Duddy served for just over a year before being expelled by Chavez, who claimed to have uncovered an American-led plot to overthrow him. The action took place after, and partially as a result of, a dispute between the United States and Bolivian president Evo Morales; Chavez expressed support for Morales. The embassy was run by John Caulfield as Chargé d'Affaires in the interim. 
He returned in July 2009 when the Obama Administration restored diplomatic relations with Venezuela. He finished his assignment in July 2010. President Obama has nominated Larry Palmer as his replacement. However, as of January 2011, the U.S. Senate still has not confirmed Palmer and Hugo Chavez also refused to accept him as ambassador, leaving the position vacant. Duddy currently serves as a diplomat in residence at Duke University's Center for International Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21445349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445349" title="Gerard II of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Gerard II of Isenburg-Kempenich

Gerard II of Isenburg-Kempenich (German: Gerhard II. von Isenburg-Kempenich) was the co-Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1329 until 1330.
Gerard II was a grandson of Gerard I through an unnamed son. After the death of his uncle, Theodoric IV, in 1329 he became the ruler of half the Lordship of Kempenich through the influence of Archbishop of Trier, Baldwin of Luxembourg, with his cousins and Theodoric's sons Simon I and Theodoric V. In 1330 Simon made himself the sole ruler of Kempenich, sparking a succession war in which Gerard brought in his allies, the Counts and Lords of Landskron, Rheineck, Schönberg, Eich, Ölbruck and the Archbishop, forming the "Red Sleeves". Simon and Theodoric also brought in their allies, and formed the "White Sleeves"
Both Gerard and Simon's forces and allies terrified and plundered Kempenich and surrounding villages. It was only after Simon was excommunicated by Baldwin of Luxembourg in his part of the destruction of the church in 1331 that the Peace of Lahnstein occurred, in which Isenburg-Kempenich was ruled to be indivisible.
Gerard had no children, and died between 1331 and 1341.

</doc>
<doc id="21445358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445358" title="Simon II of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Simon II of Isenburg-Kempenich

Simon II of Isenburg-Kempenich was the Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1341 until 1367.
Simon II was the eldest son of Simon I, and succeeded him on his death in 1341. In 1345 the Archbishop of Trier Baldwin of Luxembourg decreed that the Lordship of Kempenich and all its territories were indivisible and the sole property of the lord, and Simon's brother John signed an agreement. Simon died in 1367 and, despite the document, was succeeded by his four sons: Simon III, Theodoric VI, John, and Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="21445364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445364" title="Simon III of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Simon III of Isenburg-Kempenich

Simon III of Isenburg-Kempenich was the co-Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1367 until 1420, ruling jointly with his brothers Theodoric VI, John, and Henry.
Simon III was the eldest son Simon II. After his death in 1367, Simon and his brothers became the co-rulers of Kempenich despite an agreement in 1345 whereby Kempenich was declared indivisible. Already in 1367 the brothers built a tomb for their father and sent their mother to the Abbey of Laach. Henry died in 1367 and Theodoric soon after 1378, leaving Simon and John as the lords. In 1420 Simon died without any direct descendants, leaving John as the sole ruler.

</doc>
<doc id="21445369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445369" title="Theodoric VI of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Theodoric VI of Isenburg-Kempenich

Theodoric VI of Isenburg-Kempenich was the co-Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1367 until after 1378, ruling jointly with his brothers Simon III, John, and Henry.
Theodoric VI was the second son of Simon II. After his death in 1367, Theodoric and his brothers became the co-rulers of Kempenich despite an agreement in 1345 whereby Kempenich was declared indivisible. Already in 1367 the brothers built a tomb for their father and sent their mother to the Abbey of Laach. Henry died in 1367 and Theodoric soon after 1378, leaving Simon and John as the lords.

</doc>
<doc id="21445373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445373" title="Sphincter paralysis">
Sphincter paralysis

Sphincter paralysis is paralysis of one of the body's many sphincters, preventing it from constricting normally.
Case studies have shown patients may remain continent for many years despite being affected by anal sphincter paralysis.

</doc>
<doc id="21445377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445377" title="John of Isenburg-Kempenich">
John of Isenburg-Kempenich

John of Isenburg-Kempenich was the co-Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich from 1367 until 1424, ruling jointly with his brothers Simon III, Theodoric VI, and Henry.
John was the third son of Simon II. After his death in 1367, John and his brothers became the co-rulers of Kempenich despite an agreement in 1345 whereby Kempenich was declared indivisible. Already in 1367 the brothers built a tomb for their father and sent their mother to the Abbey of Laach. Henry died in 1367, Theodoric soon after 1378, and Simon in 1420 leaving John as the sole lord. John had one child: a daughter, Hedwig, who was married to Peter of Schöneck. After John's death in 1424, the line of Isenburg-Kempenich was extinct and was inherited by Peter

</doc>
<doc id="21445383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445383" title="Henry of Isenburg-Kempenich">
Henry of Isenburg-Kempenich

Henry of Isenburg-Kempenich was the co-Lord of Isenburg-Kempenich in 1367, ruling jointly with his brothers Theodoric VI, John, and Henry.
Henry was the youngest son of Simon II. After his death in 1367, Simon and his brothers became the co-rulers of Kempenich despite an agreement in 1345 whereby Kempenich was declared indivisible. Already in 1367 the brothers built a tomb for their father and sent their mother to the Abbey of Laach. Henry died in 1367.

</doc>
<doc id="21445388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445388" title="Ronda de Salsa">
Ronda de Salsa

Ronda de Salsa, also known as Ronda Manila or simply "Ronda," is a group dance inspired by Rueda de Casino. The dance was invented at the Asian Social Institute in an attempt to energize a disintegrating Filipino-Hispanic culture through a fusion of a local Hispanic dance called Pandanggo and a popular modern dance, Salsa, which for decades has been making waves in other Hispanic countries. 
article Ronda de Salsa appears at the editorials of SalsaPowers.com http://www.salsapower.com/editorials/manila_ronda.htm
TV Program Dancemates in Chicago featured on its website Ronda de Salsa http://www.dancemates.org/web9.html The show also interviewed Ares Andres, leader of Grupo Filipino Salsa, and demonstrated the dance on the show. The interview was posted online at http://www.dancemates.org/rondainterview.wmv
The video of the dance Ronda de Salsa may also be found in YouTube. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTEfNSmF9Bo]
Ronda was inspired by the Rueda, but it is composed of very easy steps and consists of only 5 major combinations. Ronda tells a story, like many dances here in the Philippines, and this makes Ronda unique from Rueda. Also, it is a combination of Filipino folk dances and Casino. This makes it easier for Filipinos to dance Casino.
The five simple basic combinations or combo, are: Gising, Pule, Patria, Lakambini and Dolorosa.
Gising in Tagalog, the language spoken in the Philippines, means "wake-up".The Gising ronda is a combination of steps which tell of a people being called to wake up. Pule ronda imitates an act of prayer and tells of a people deeply rooted in their tradition. Patria ronda mimics an act of camaraderie and tells of a people searching for solidarity. Lakambini shows reverence toward nature and tells of a people being ecologically conscious. Dolorosa tells of life's ambivalent reality and therefore calls for vigilance.
While the meaning of the dance may contain serious themes, the joviality that the dance elicits compensates for the somber motif. Designed to be a community dance, the five steps serve as the basic combinations and each community that dances the ronda is encouraged to develop new rondas or combinations that tells about the unique character of their group.
The dance is also meant to be a social icebreaker during community gatherings. Other
new combinations have been introduced by different groups such as the Antonio ronda (by Grupo Filipino Salsa) and Accompania ronda (by Asian Social Institute employees).

</doc>
<doc id="21445389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445389" title="Jennifer Figge">
Jennifer Figge

Jennifer Figge (born November 12, 1952) is an American athlete from Aspen, Colorado. Born in Davenport, Iowa, Figge is the daughter of opera singer Margherita Roberti. In early 2009 for 24 days ending on February 5 she swam several sections of the Atlantic Ocean from the Cape Verde Islands off Africa to Chacachacare Island in Trinidad off Venezuela (a total of 2,160 miles), spending much of the time in a shark cage while swimming up to 8 hours a day, battling strong winds and waves up to 30 feet. She had originally planned to swim to the Bahamas, but was blown off course.
Several major media outlets initially erroneously reported she swam the entire distance across the ocean. The claim was challenged by several sources, as mathematically, Figge would have had to swim over a day at about ten miles per hour - a physical impossibility. In an interview with the "Associated Press", Figge said she "never intended to swim the Atlantic." Figge ranks up there with Rosie Ruiz and the Hole in One lady.

</doc>
<doc id="21445394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445394" title="Needle in a haystack">
Needle in a haystack

A Needle in a haystack is a figure of speech used to refer to something that is difficult to locate in a much larger space.
Needle in a haystack may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21445398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445398" title="K-1 World MAX 2006 World Championship Final">
K-1 World MAX 2006 World Championship Final

K-1 World MAX 2006 World Championship Final was a kickboxing event promoted by the K-1 organization. It was the fifth K-1 World MAX final for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg/154 lb weight class), involving eight finalists and two reserve fighters, with all bouts fought under K-1 rules. Seven of the finalists had won elimination fights at the K-1 World MAX 2005 World Tournament Open, while the eighth, Virgil Kalakoda, had been invited despite losing his elimination match. The two reserve fighters had qualified via preliminary tournaments; Artur Kyshenko had won the K-1 East Europe MAX and Rayen Simson had won the K-1 MAX Netherlands. As well as tournament matches there were also a two opening fights and two super fights fought under K-1 rules (middleweight and heavyweight). In total there were eighteen fighters at the event, representing nine countries. 
The tournament was won by Buakaw Por. Pramuk who defeated Andy Souwer in the final. Prior to the tournament both fighters had stated their intention to be the first fighter to win two K-1 MAX finals, with Buakaw becoming the first two time champion defeating Souwer via KO in the second round of their match. Other results saw Muay Thai world champion Yodsanklai Fairtex defeat SuperLeague starlet Kamal El Amrani and Kenpo Karate expert Fernando Calleros defeated local fighter Kozo Takeda, both by decision. The event was held at the Yokohama Arena in Yokohama, Japan on Friday, 30 June 2006, in front of a sellout crowd of 16,918 and was broadcast live across Japan on TBS.

</doc>
<doc id="21445405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445405" title="William Close">
William Close

William Taliaferro Close (June 7, 1924 – January 15, 2009) was an American surgeon who played a major role in stemming a 1976 outbreak of the Ebola virus in Zaire, the first major outbreak of the viral hemorrhagic fever in Central Africa, and preventing its further spread. He was also the father of actress Glenn Close.
Biography.
Youth, education and military service.
Close was born in Greenwich, Connecticut on June 7, 1924, minutes after his twin brother. The son of Elizabeth (née Taliaferro) and Edward Bennett Close, an attorney. William's mother was a descendant of the Taliaferro family. Raised in France, he attended Summer Fields School, Harrow School in England, and then St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. Close enrolled in Harvard University in 1941, leaving the school two years later to marry Bettine Moore in a ceremony held February 6, 1943 at the home of her parents in Greenwich, and to become a pilot in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. He served as the personal pilot and interpreter for General Joseph Harper. In addition to his twin brother, William Close also had two half sisters, Adelaide Close Riggs and Eleanor Post Close, (later known as Eleanor Post Hutton) from his father's first marriage to Post Cereals heiress and General Foods founder Marjorie Merriweather Post. 
Following his military service, he attended the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and trained in surgery at Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan after receiving his medical degree.
In Zaïre.
He traveled to Zaire in 1960, where he practiced medicine and ran the 1,500-bed Mama Yemo hospital in the capital city of Kinshasa, with the goal of getting health care into rural areas of the country. He served President Mobutu Sese Seko as his personal doctor and was chief physician of the nation's army.
In the mid-1970s, the Ebola virus broke out at a missionary hospital in rural Yambuku, near the Ebola River. The disease, which was characterized by severe sore throat, rash, abdominal pain and bleeding from multiple sites, had killed 11 of the 17 medical staff at the hospital, forcing it to close. Panic was in the air, with roads blocked, river traffic stopped and commercial air travel restricted. The army would not enter the area and President Mobutu was said to have left the country and fled to France, in the face of fears that the disease could spread to others as those infected with the disease tried to escape the center of the outbreak.
On his way back home to the United States for a home leave, Dr. Close returned to Kinshasa from Geneva, discussing the issue on the flight with two physicians from the Centers for Disease Control, Joel G. Breman and Peter Piot, who discovered the Ebola virus. Back in Zaire, Close obtained planes and pilots from the Ministry of Health to transport medical equipment to the affected area, using his personal connection to President Mobutu to obtain the access he needed. Close coordinated efforts in the area, ensuring that medical supplies were directed to where they were needed most. After providing protective equipment for hospital workers, sterilizing medical supplies and quarantining patients, the team was able to break the chain of transmission of the virus, with almost 90% of the 318 people infected left dead.
Blood samples that Close had collected in the 1970s were used to investigate the progress of the AIDS pandemic, showing that the rate of infection had been stable at 0.8% by comparing new samples to the older ones that had been collected in Zaire, one of the few sets of historical specimens available to perform this analysis. This showed that HIV infection rates could have been stable in rural Africa before it spread throughout the world.
Last years.
Disillusioned with Mobutu's policies, Dr. Close left Zaire in 1977. He moved to Big Piney, Wyoming, where he became a country doctor, making his final house call a month before his death. During the 1995 Ebola outbreak he was a liaison between the CDC and the Zairian government. 
Close wrote four books, which included chronicles of his experiences as a doctor in Zaire and Wyoming. 
Close died at age 84 on January 15, 2009, in his home in Big Piney due to a heart attack. He was survived by his wife, three daughters, two sons, nine grandchildren and a twin brother.

</doc>
<doc id="21445412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445412" title="Pedro Swann">
Pedro Swann

Pedro Maurice Swann (born October 27, 1970 in Wilmington, Delaware) is a retired American outfielder who spent parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Atlanta Braves (2000), Toronto Blue Jays (2002) and Baltimore Orioles (2003). Swann spent 16 seasons in the minor leagues and played only 25 games in the majors, making his major league debut at the age of 29. Currently, Swann is the head coach of the Maryland Eastern Shore Hawks baseball team of the NCAA Division I Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
Playing career.
Swann was drafted out of Delaware State University in the 26th round of the 1991 Major League Baseball Draft by the Atlanta Braves. He spent 13 seasons in the minors before making his debut for the Braves in 2000, striking out in both of his at-bats that season. He played all of with the Braves' Triple-A affiliate in Richmond and became a free agent at the end of the season. On February 14, , Swann signed with the Toronto Blue Jays and spent most of the season in Triple-A, but did play 13 games for the Blue Jays. 
For 2003, he signed with the Baltimore Orioles and again spent a few games in the majors. His most notable performance as a major leaguer occurred at Camden Yards on September 18, 2003. An attempt to avoid Hurricane Isabel by changing the game's start time from 7:05 pm (ET) to 12:35 pm proved futile as the contest was played entirely in a downpour. With the score tied at one, Swann opened the bottom of the fifth inning with a double off Mike Mussina. When Brian Roberts hit a one-out single to left field, Orioles third-base coach Tom Trebelhorn had initially waved Swann home. He abruptly put up the stop sign when left fielder Hideki Matsui quickly threw the ball to third baseman Aaron Boone. Swann, who was too far past third base, got caught in a rundown and was tagged out. When the inning ended with the Orioles failing to score a run, the match was suspended and replayed in its entirety eight days later on September 26 as part of a twi-night doubleheader at Yankee Stadium. The Orioles would have had a 2–1 victory had Swann successfully crossed home plate because the game became official upon the completion of the fifth inning.
He became a free agent after the season and signed a minor league contract with the Cincinnati Reds for the season. In 127 games for Triple-A Louisville, he hit .285 with 18 home runs and 85 Runs batted in. In , he played in Double-A and Triple-A for the Philadelphia Phillies, with the Tabasco Olmecs in the Mexican League, and Camden Riversharks of the independent Atlantic League. In , he again played for the Double-A and Triple-A teams and announced his retirement before the start of the season.
Coaching career.
Currently, Pedro Swann operates Pro Swing Sports Academy, an indoor training facility in Middletown, Delaware. Also on the staff are two other former major leaguers, pitcher Dwayne Henry and Carlos Mendez, a former first baseman and catcher. Pedro offers hitting lessons, while Dwayne gives pitching and Carlos catching instruction.
Prior to the 2013 season, Swann was hired as the head baseball coach of the Maryland-Eastern Shore Hawks.
Head coaching records.
Below is a table of Swann's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach.
Film career.
Swann played the role of Juan Vasquez in the 1999 film "For the Love of the Game" starring Kevin Costner.

</doc>
<doc id="21445418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445418" title="Misal Pav">
Misal Pav

Misal pav (spicy curry with bread - "pav" is the Indian colloquial for bread) is a traditional Indian dish. It consists of spicy curry usually made of sprout of Mataki and chilly powder gravy called 'Kutt'. The final dish is topped with Potato-Chiwda Mix, Farsan or Sev (Indian noodles), onions, lemon and coriander (cilantro). It is usually served with bread toasted with butter and buttermilk or curd and papad.
History.
Misal from Maharashta,West India known for its high spice content and is particularly known as Misal Pav there are different version of Misal Pav such as Kolhapuri Misal,Nashik Misal,Puneri Misal, Khandeshi Misal and Nagpuri Misal name signifies area where this misal is served also you get Kalya Masalachi Misal, Shev-misal, Dahi (yoghurt)Misal, etc.
Preparation.
It is made of a particular variety of sprouted lentil called "Matki" which has a sweet aroma. Misal in its original form is prepared using onion, ginger, garlic and other spices. It has two parts, a thick curry of matki called "Ussal" which has less water content and a watery and spicy "cut" or "bite". Usually people mix these two according to their taste and requirement. 
For Usal or Misal Mixture -Drain the water from the soaked matki(moth beans)and leave them to sprout for another 5-6 hours. Once sprouted, remove and wash them. 
In a pan, heat some oil, add mustard seeds and when they splutter add some heeng(asafoetida), curry leaves, turmeric powder and red chili powder. Add sprouted beans and some water. When they are soft, add goda masala/garam masala, jaggery/sugar and salt. Stir well and cook for some time. 
For Rassa/Kut(spicy curry) :
In another pan, heat around 1/4 cup oil. Add mustard seeds. As they splutter, add heeng(asafoetida), turmeric powder and red chili powder, Kolhapuri masala, Add chopped onions. When they turn transparent, add 2 cups water. Cover and cook till it boils. Remove the lid, add goda masala/garam masala, tamarind pulp, salt and mix. Bring it to a boil.
In a bowl, spread some usal. Arrange farsaan on top. Pour some rassa/kut(spicy curry) and garnish with coriander leaves, chopped onions, farsaan and sev. Serve immediately with pav or bread.
In most restaurants which serve misal-pav, usal and Kut are served together. Later on, only Kut will be served. It is basically a spicy recipe but very tasty. One can see red chilli powder and oil floating over (called as 'Kut' or 'Tarri' in local language).
Main Ingredient of Authentic Misal is Special Maharashtrian Masala (Made out of Red Chilli Powder and 18 other Spices) and Goda Masala. There are various ways to prepare it. 

</doc>
